 This is pretty close to being a KISS low point.I Bought the Disc because it is KISS -LRB- Mindless fan that I am -RRB- , but the material just was not up to the 70 's standard . If you like the original KISS material , this is not one to buy , however , it is probably one to get if you need a complete collection , but do not expect a KISS album . Hard to see this as rock ... and it certainly is not a good hair band album.Blech
 Hot in the Shade is not a good album . By the time this album came out , Kiss was on the road of the hair-band trend and just went with the flow of bands like Bon Jovi , Warrant and Poison . If you like those kind of bands you will probably like Hot in the Shade . I on the other hand must say that I am not a fan of hair bands and find most of them to be shallow and boring . Speaking of boring , this album is just that , boring ! If I had to pick which song I like the best , I 'd say it would be `` Betrayed '' and even that is a longshot . Hot in the Shade is for die-hard Kiss fans only !
 Kiss spent most of the late 80 's insisting they were a band with a viable future and resisting every temptation to be branded a nostalgia act . And with the success of records like ` Lick It Up ' and ` Animalize ' they were doing a good job of driving their point home . But ` Crazy Nights ' did n't sit just right with fans and the new tracks on the ` Smashes , Thrashes and Hits ' best of compilation -LRB- ` Let 's Put the X in Sex and ` You Make Me Rock Hard ' -RRB- were simply dreadful output , corny , juvenille and closer to the one-note crotch rock of Warrant and Poison.Then , with all eyes on them to deliver the goods , Kiss delivered their weakest record of all with ` Hot in the Shade . ' While their hype machine kept pushing that this was 15 new tracks and no oldies but goodies , no record made this fan pine more for Kiss ' back catalogue than this one . Aside from Paul 's strong ` Hide Your Heart ' most of this record is a forgettable mash of 80 's pop metal , delivered by a band that had lost its personality somehow.This is neither a metal album nor a pop record . It has no voice , the songs have neither charm nor attitude . Sadly , the band was firing on no cylinders with this one . Eric Carr 's singing debut in ` Little Caesar ' is as weak an effort as the band has ever put forth , not that Gene 's ` Prisoner of Love ' fares much better . Not even Paul Stanley can carry this album . His ` Rise To It , ' ` King of Hearts ' and ` Silver Spoon ' all pass without notice . His ` You Love Me To Hate You ' would be a good lost song if the record were better , but it could hardly be considered any sort of lost classic . He and Michael Bolton 's ` Forever ' is a fine enough power ballad but , again , it just gets lost in the sea of late 80 's power ballads coming from hard rock bands.The upside to ` Hot in the Shade ? ' If nothing else , the dead response to this record is what got Kiss to realize it was important to more strongly reflect their entire musical catalogue in concert as their slacking 14 song concerts on previous tours were finally replaced with 20-plus tune evenings that hit on the band 's infamous past more squarely.If the seeds of the eventual reunion were sown on this record , it was a desperation move at best . This record killed ` new Kiss ' far more than the departure of Ace Frehley or Peter Criss ever could have.But , it was also good to learn later , Kiss would get their ` Revenge , ' next time out !
 Thankfully the tour was great and one of the band 's best and most memorable . Unlike other reviewers I like the cover art and liked how they incorporated it into their stage show for the tour . The album gets bogged down with some weak material but there are some diamonds and hidden gems amongst the turds . I prefer rock bands to write their own material but if you have a song like Forever , I do n't care who writes it . Paul and Bolton did a great job with that song I think it tops Beth -LRB- a great song in itself -RRB- as the band 's best ballad . I can take or leave Rise To It it 's good but not great . The video was fun at the time with Gene and Paul in makeup and the storyline . Forever is the coolest video the band has ever done . Hide Your Heart is a great song too . Betrayed , Somewhere Between , Little Caesar and You Love Me To Hate You are great . The late , great Eric Carr should have been singing Little Caesar night after night on that tour . That would have made the show even more memorable that it already was . Gene 's Boomerang does n't really have a hook but it does rock and is cool for a once in a while listen . Stay away from pure Crap like Read My Body , Silver Spoon , Cadillac Dreams , Slap In The Face and nonsense like that . This album could have been a Five Star effort easily but Gene and Paul fumbled on the 5 yard line then missed the 3 point conversion for the win . Often times with Kiss this is one that `` could have been '' Thank God the tour delivered
 Probably there worst piece of work . I do not reccommend it , especially for those who are used to getting a good product from KISS . This is coming from a big fan .
 This without a doubt has to be one of the worst albums Kiss ever released .15 songs and hardly a good one in the bunch!The song Rise to It can get very annoying unless your in a super party mood and the rest of the songs do n't even really rate a mention.Hide Your Heart was actually done better by Ace Frehley on his Trouble Walkin album.If Ace can upstage Paul on his own song what does that say about this album?Not to mention if Paul has to co-write with Michael Bolton -LRB- Forever -RRB- than you know the Kiss of the make up days was totally scrapped beyond recognition ~ !
 KISS at their worst , not a good song here , avoid , what a shame this is Eric Carr 's farewell , he deserved better
 um , not so much . there 's no real music to be found here . lots of pieces of music , lots of bad -LRB- really bad -RRB- solo stuff from the guys that sounds like the worst of cheesed out eighties rock and some sound files . oh , there 's two pretty good concerts -LRB- kinda -- one of them is actually the rehearsal before a concert so no audience -RRB- on the data disc , but that hardly justifies the sixty to eighty dollars you 're going to spend . the booklet is n't even that good . i love gentle giant , they 're one of my favorites of the prog scene , but i 'm going to be selling this soon .
 I bought this dvd in hopes to help us with foster children that come to us with lots of temper tantrums . I have raised my own children and remember how stressful tantrums can be on us and our children . After watching this video , I was utterly disappointed in Dr. Karp 's approach . I agree we should let our children know that they have been heard and we understand what they want , but to mimic what they are doing does n't seem like being a very good role model to teach them how to handle these emotions they are experiencing . I think it encourages them to react with tantrums whenever they experience their frustrations and anger with a situation . We need to model how we handle these feelings and how we expect them to handle them . Not join in and encourage the unwanted behavior .
 Very detailed , very informative DVD that helps parents understand and feel better about going through the `` toddler years '' with their child .
 Never watched . The DVD would n't play on my computer . Needs to be updated . I loved his first book , but technology moves on Dr. Karp needs to move with it .
 When I purchase a CD I really care about the way it 's presented in orderto prevent what I most hate...Re-recordings , that means not the originalstuff . Well , they fooled me again . Nothing on the outside makes youdoubt because it says `` 18 classics by Pat Boone '' and I thought I wouldfinally receive Pat 's greatest songs because they are all there . Wrong !! Here we have a bunch of re-recordings some of them being patheticespecially Speedy Gonzalez , Bernadine , Love Letters In The Sand etc.They did it to me again !
 an extremely boring album ... not funky at all . And if you 're wondering why this cd only has 6 songs , that 's because each song is like super super long and boring ... do n't waste your money on trash like this .
 The disk contains only 2 songs from Kill Bill and 2 melodies without words for these songs . I thought the disk contained more songs . It was my mistake but I am disappointed . It is better to buy soundtracks for Kill Bill .
 This recording sounds like it was made with a cassette player in a woman 's purse from inside the bathroom . Ian Hunter is one of the greatest artists of all time , but the poor sound quality should have kept this from being released . For bootleggers only .
 Actuall i like this music coz i feel so good when i hear this songs . it part of my life .
 So it 's the mid-1970s , and because of their infernal and internal and eternal bickering , the chances of a Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young reunion have collapsed again . What to do ? Put Neil Young and Stephen Stills in a studio , with some of the best session musicians in the business , and even though David Crosby and Graham Nash are n't in the mix , you figure something good just might come out of this.And something did
 I took this turkey out again and listened to it recently . Yes , really the title track and Fountainbleau are the only decent tracks . The rest is dull and boring . Steven Stills convinces us once and for all that he is totally out to lunch -LRB- read the Neil bio `` Shakey '' if you have any doubts -RRB- . A sidebar in Neil Young 's long and bumpy career .
 '' I had no idea she was still releasing records ! '' gasped a reviewer at an internet music page . He is not the only one . Even sites like popmatters and pitchformedia , known for their indie sensitivities , have failed to notice . It might have to do with the fact that Donelly herself has stopped touring and promoting her work some years ago and chose to focuse on her family . There is a rather neglected site representing her at the web were fans fill the message board with wishes for mother 's day , her children 's birthdays and even talking about the possibility of Belly getting back together . Most entries overall point out the lack of things to actually discuss . Ofcourse this is a peculiar release itself , a live album yet full of new songs , all recorded at a gig at an abandoned hotel in front of a small audience of devoted followers . Once upon a time Tanya Donelly might have been hyped as the new princess of psychedelic pop with her band 's debut album , Belly 's '' Star '' yet it 's been a long fifteen years since then and like everyone , the lady has changed . Her music tastes certaintly have . Donelly herself has become an excellent live perfomer and her band supports her solidly but people who have jumped on board because of her precious tracks with the Throwing Muses , the Belly albums or even the exceptional but little heard solo recordings '' Lovesongs For Underdogs '' and `` Beautysleep '' are in for a minor dissapointment . That 's not to say that this is a poor piece of work because it is n't -LRB- talent does n't come and go in a day , you know -RRB- . It 's just that ... it seems to adress to a different audience . Like the intimate ballads of `` Whiskey Tango Ghosts '' , this is less mystical and more down-to-earth and on tracks like '' World On Fire '' the country elements are stronger than ever . Ofcourse nowone would expect Donelly to still be singing about possesed toys and most fans are just glad she keeps bother to release stuff anyway . Still , the turn her sounds has taken is rather alienating . At least for me it is . Overall , despite having some wonderful moments -LRB- `` Littlewing '' , '' Kundalini Slide '' -RRB- '' This Hungry Life `` is like one of these meetings you have now and then with an old friend who you have n't seen for years
 I think there may be a little too much `` country '' feel to the selections this artist performs , which is not up my alley . However , I can see she is talented , and country/folk fans would probably enjoy the disc very much .
 the early 4ad stuff was only o.k. looks like its all downhill from this point on . great bands like hood , bark pychosis , even former 4ad label mates getoverlooked . when my band toured the u.k. ifound that great bands like bark pychosis , disci inferno , cindytalk , insides not getting any credit for there cutting edge music . sad really . pick up any insides cd , if you can find them that is . kristy yates , and serge tardo , two artists way ahead of there time 1 star
 the music was not what I expected , my comment is please please put up samples for all cds ... . would not have bought ...
 I ordered this CD & the 1st 2 CD 's based on review claiming cross between Foghat & Journey . This CD arrived 1st . Very disappointed . It was a TOTAL ripoff of Journey . Where was the Foghat Sound ?? then i thought Crap i have 2 more of thier CD 's coming yet.What a Surprise . The 1st 2 are really good and They Rock and no Journey Ripoff Sound here
 i like sway and tech , both are dope , but do not waste your cash on this garbage , ive got all there stuff from the wake up show , and it all roks , so i dont know what happened here , but it wasnt good , so get 1of there albums from the wake up show freestyles , any 1 of the 8 will do , they are all bangers , they should have zero in the rating bar above , so then this can get its correct rating , once again DONT WASTE YOUR CASH
 Reading the other reviews for this CD/DVD set made me feel very sad on so many levels.Let 's start with the `` fantastic '' mastering . Fact ; the CD is heavily volume maximised and clipped . I have no issue with people who say they like the sound of the CD , beyond wondering if they are still listening to it even months later , but a quality hi-fi product it is not.Next who make me sad are people who say this is ZZ Top 's best album . Surely only someone who got caught up in its popular success could say that , not a ZZ Top fan . To be sure it is catchy and enjoyable , but it 's just dumb synthesizer boogie . About as far away from their blues roots as they ever got.I 'm also sad that it seems so many ZZ Top fans did n't stay with them after Eliminator/After Burner , as they , album by album , reclaimed that electric blues past , though with a punchier more gritty guitar sound . Their last album , Mescalero , way back in 2003 , would have been brilliant if it was n't the worst mastered CD ever -LRB- EVER ! -RRB- . XXX is pretty good if patchy too.So while Tres Hombre remains my favourite , and El Loco is fantastic in its quirkiness , I 'm glad to own the rest of them . While Eliminator is disappointing by comparison and ushered in a string of weaker albums , it was n't the end of the road.The DVD is old TV 4:3 aspect ratio clips with stereo sound , do n't expect 5.1 sound here . Definitely some nostalgic value though , enjoyable to watch.My advice is buy this cheap like I did , enjoy the packaging , enjoy the DVD , and stick the CD in the trash .
 Yes this is ZZ Top and no it 's not a bit like ` tres hombre ' or ` rio grande ' this is where the lil band from Texas sold out big time . Sure the girls are great in the video 's but so what ? the songs stink ` legs ' being the absolute pits of that trilogy with its irritating drum beat sounding like a machine with no emotion . Even Billy Gibbons ferocious soloing is toned down . Sure this album made big bucks but so what ? it sucks from beginning to end , no wonder teens brought it in droves it hardly would appeal to lovers of ` la grange ' If you 're looking for high octane boogie forget it , if you 're looking for something that people who do n't really like rock , but feel they have to have something slightly rocky , be my guest . A stinker .
 They 're bad , they 're nationwide ... but it used to have a different meaning !
 Absolute garbage from a little Texas band that used to be so great . Billy , after putting up with this trash for 15 years , you owe us fans a real ZZ Top release . We 'll wait ...
 I ordered this item on 3/14/2009 as of this date -LRB- 4/14/2009 -RRB- I have not received my order and have had no communication from the seller -LRB- Legacy -RRB- . To say that I am dissatisfied is an understatement . I am in the process of trying to obtain a refund from Amazon .
 I saw this guy interviewed on Letterman last night , and let me just tell you ... WEIRD !!!!! He 's a former country artist and actor who now thinks he can play guitar and jam in a rock band . I 've got one thing to say to that -- NOT !!!!! Cryptic one-word answers and dark sunglasses will only get you so far in this non-MTV generation . After all , it ai n't the 1980s anymore . To be a real artist you need substance , which this dude is lacking.On the positive side , his first movie was pretty neat !! For real country music , visit the Henry the Hermit website at -LSB- ... -RSB- . See ya soon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i love zz top - hey , i grew up with their videos - but i 'm sorry , there 's no way i 'm going to buy this edition of the cd at $ 19.99 . -LRB- ok - that was the original price at launch , but even now at the updated price of $ 14.97 it 's still too expensive for what it offers -RRB- . yes , it 's got a handful of videos on it - but big deal , i recorded those videos off of the tv years ago . even the live performances off of ` the tube ' -LRB- a british tv program in the 1980 's -RRB- are n't so special . i recorded a couple of those at the time , but the others were n't broadcast . is that all they 've got left in the zz top archives ? i mean , come on - the album paid for itself years ago -LRB- when i bought it -RRB- so why the high price ? i guess at least the record company had the decency to wait nearly 20 years to come out with the expanded edition to entice you to buy it again . do n't you just hate it these days , when a cd is re-released with a couple of extra tracks about 6 months after it first hit the shops ? no wonder cd sales have tanked !
 Silly me ... I thought a quintet would be played by 5 instruments , but alas I should have read farther . This arrangement for 25 + strings turns both pieces into a Pablum that would embarrass Arthur Fiedler . I 'll have to send it back , because I do n't know anyone I dislike enough to give it to .
 i like sway and tech , both are dope , but do not waste your cash on this garbage , ive got all there stuff from the wake up show , and it all roks , so i dont know what happened here , but it wasnt good , so get 1of there albums from the wake up show freestyles , any 1 of the 8 will do , they are all bangers , they should have zero in the rating bar above , so then this can get its correct rating , once again DONT WASTE YOUR CASH
 I purchased this based on the sound clips and other reviews and am quite disappointed . To get a general idea of the pieces for a cheap price , this is fine , but for serious listening/enjoyment by any musician , look elsewhere . I have to wonder if this is truly Philadelphia on the recording . They are known for a wonderful lush string sound but there were too many shocking `` yuck/ouch ! '' moments from the violins . The winds also had some unpleasant intonation issues occasionally . I would have expected much better from this orchestra .
 I bought this single under the impression that it would be original , but now I think Techno-Music has gone past it 's sell by date.A lot of this type of music is being produced by keyboard players and sound mixers from the eighties who believe they are one step of the music game in copying other people 's music.Big thumbs down , I 'm afraid .
 This is the third of this series to come out and the third I have reviewed . I am fascinated by the history of piano-playing and grasp at any chance to hear pianists from an earlier era . The Welte-Mignon piano rolls are probably better at reproducing the playing of great pianists of the past than the more familiar piano rolls we associated with the Player Piano . But there are still some unresolved mechanical complexities with the system and a resulting mechanical quality to the music produced . In particular there is a subtle rhythmic instability that is probably discernible by most listeners . Having said that , there are some performances here that I am very happy to have . The pianists represented are
 This late-night drunken thrash-session was never meant to see the light of day . Zevon 's vocals are a mess , and although REM can play their own tunes fine -LRB- part of their magic was their simplicity -RRB- , they just are n't high-caliber musicians when it comes to tackling covers . I found this `` performance '' to be more like a beer-and-whiskey fueled frat night where a few guys who knew they were n't very good got together for the hell of it , and fortunately it was a weekend when the campus was a bit deserted . In a word , horrific . Save your money ...
 Would Buddy Guy sound good playing James Taylor tunes ? How about Muddy Waters doing Brill building stuff ? How about Yanni playing punk rock?This is REM with Warren Zevon at the helm and it stinks . These are artists , who within their own genre are terrific , yet outside of that , they are not successful.Many of the tunes , `` Rasberry Beret '' , `` Traveling Riverside blues '' , `` battleship chains '' are beloved songs but , here , they are done all wrong . `` Rasberry beret '' is a great song but not done in a sloppy and raw `` garage '' style . `` Wang dang doodle '' is missing the moxie that Koko Taylor had to make it hers -LRB- and not these guys -RRB- . Compare Georgia Satellite 's `` battleship chains '' with this nothing version . `` Mannish Boy '' is simply awful!The biggest problem is that although I like Zevon when he does his own songs , he does not , in any way , have an expressive voice and has no business singing the blues . Likewise , Peter Buck was fantastic within the confines of REM , but his guitar playing is too one-dimensional to do justice to any of these songs.Now , in defense of this , I think this album is a result of a greedy record company and not the intent of the artists . I heard that these guys came together just to have booze it up and have fun ... with this being the result . If that 's the case then my criticism is too harsh although these guys are hardly the Traveling Wilburys .
 Bedrich Smetana was born the seventh child of a castle brewer in Litomysl in Bohemia . From a young age he showed an interest in music , cutting class to compose string quartets or attend concerts . For a time he made a precarious living as a music teacher . Who would have thought that Smetana would go on to become the first great Czech nationalist composer ? In fact , he became conductor at the Provisional Theater in Prague , the first institution to hold performances in the native Czech tongue , a position he held until 1874 . It was just around that time that he began composing this wondrous suite of symphonic poems - a fitting testament to the land and people he so loved -LRB- and hoped would one day reawaken from the ashes of the Austro-Hungarian Empire -RRB- . This CD was my first introduction to Smetana 's My Fatherland -LRB- or My Homeland if you prefer -RRB- . After listening to this CD for the first time , I let it languish in my collection for many months . Occasionally I would listen to it , wishing I could resurrect some interest despite the lackluster playing.Today I bought a new rendition with Kubelik and the Boston Symphony Orchestra . What a world of difference ! The muddled , muffled sound of Paavo Berglund 's orchestra just does n't compare . Kubelik 's rendition is played more tautly , the rubato much more appropriate and effortless . It 's worth the extra $ 2 . Consider the DG issue of Kubelik conducting the Boston Symphony Orchestra from 1971 . If that does n't tickle your fancy , look at the Charles Mackerras or James Levine renditions.Just do n't make the mistake of getting this recording if you are at all discerning or demanding when it comes to sound quality or classical music in general .
 ... subtitled `` OK , You Badd . Really . Badd . As in ` not good ' Badd . `` I used to cringe when group came out with `` I Wan na . . '' and all the little girls in the neighborhood seemed to know the words to it . ` Course , nowadays we have stuff that is much more provocative than this , but I had to let you know that this is where the demise of western civilization as we know it originated . I mean it .
 oh baby , this is precious , someone here is actually comparing CMB to The Beatles ?!?! Is that why CMB 's CD is selling for a whopping 21 cents ? I 'd love to continue but the urge for uncontrollable laughter is just way too much , ha ha ha ha ha ha ...
 I am a fan of the B-52 's and for a long time I never had the desire to buy this CD , but eventually decided to give it a try . I was disappointed with a number of things with this CD . First was the music itself . It seems as if the band was either not motivated to write and record or they were maybe in a slump . It 's just that none of the songs have a strong impact and leaves one wanting . Possibly it 's the way the songs were produced , they are just missing the extra bit of punch . Lastly I have to say the lyrics seem to be something my son could have come up with ; nothing creative or inspirational . I know that the songs are suppose to be fun , but not this simplistic . Compared to the first two albums , this one falls far short .
 What happened to the band ! In the three year span between `` Wild Planet '' and this album , they seem to have completely abandoned the cool guitar-rock they were purveying on the first couple of collections , and replaced it with a bunch of dorky synthy crap with no hooks or interesting melodies . The songs sound like they 're being played on a MIDI file , for Christ 's sake ! `` Legal Tender '' is the only song which approaches decency on the album , and even that one has an annoyingly wishy-washy synth section throughout the entire song . The rest of the album -- `` Work That Skirt , '' `` Big Bird , '' `` Songs For A Future Generation '' -- UGH . Horrible . The biggest one-album downturn that I 've ever heard . Straight from their zenith to their nadir . Recommended only to `` Best Of The '80s ! '' compilation lovers who actually think `` Come On Eileen '' is a decent song .
 This cd is really poor , dont think the ` best ' song on this cd -LRB- maybe ` song for future generation ' ? -RRB- ... would be good enough to make it on any of the B-52 's other 5 great releases .
 I am a Dice great fan . I have almost everything he has ever done . This is the WORST album of his . Buy `` Dice '' , buy `` Dice Rules '' . Dont buy this one .
 I did n't like this at all . His first album , `` Dice '' , is a classic but this one misses the mark by far . Try `` Dice '' or `` Dice Rules '' instead .
 He lost everthing after he tried to go PG.Now he 's just Gross ...
 I second the accurate review by `` A music fan from Hartford '' posted previously . I only want to add that it is apparent that NSync wanted to prove that they could produce a garbage CD and still sell a million copies .
 NSYNC might have put themselves together as a group , but who put this album together ? What a waste of money . It goes to show that not all good things come true . ... All the hype that this album received turned out to be embarassing . The only interesting song on this CD is `` POP . '' Justin and JC might have co-wrote the songs , but they better be prepared to find another career . Singing is n't their forte . And why is n't Chris , Lance , and Joey involved in the singing ? I 'm getting tired of hearing Justin and JC . It may be too late now , but people reading this please be aware that `` Celebrity '' is all about it 's title . A no-brainer !
 I really Really liked the Nsync and Nsync No strings attached but I heard this CD and its BAd I would say People who liked the old Nsync songs but they do n't like Rap music just lison to the two old ones but If you like Rap music you may like it
 After listening to the CD , I could n't tell if there was one song or 12 . Everyone sounded just like the last one . The guys really need to get their stuff together and hopefully come up with a better variety of songs with their next album .
 I started out hating Nsync then they grew on me and I liked them . But now I 'm quickly losing interest in them again . The first single off this album , `` Pop '' , is a really bad song with a bad video . Their problem is they do n't know what they want . They do n't know if they want to be original and do something different from everyone else or to be the same old teenybopper group that they started out as . I will defend them and say that people ca n't say they do n't play instruments . Their instruments are their voices and they do have fine voices . I just feel they are n't putting them to good use on this album . Sadly , I did n't enjoy it .
 There is n't a word strong enough to describe the complete stupidity of the sound that these `` musicians '' manage to make . Calling it garbage would be giving this cd far too much credit . It is incomprehensible to me that the five members of ` NSYNC are n't absolutely humiliated . These are grown men in their 20 's going on stage and dancing to dumb little choreographed routines , and mindlessly singing idiotic lyrics on the intelligence level of any 5 year old to computer synthesized background noise . If I were one of them I would have long ago changed my name and moved to somewhere like North Dakota under a false identity out of total shame . On their newest single that I have had the misfortune to hear -LRB- Pop -RRB- , they claim they wo n't fade out because their music `` gets you high '' . Right , it gets you high just like model airplane glue-it gives you nausea and an immense headache . I would n't have even wasted my time writing this , because I know it wo n't reach the millions of pathetic , teenybopping , TRL worshipping , brainwashed ` NSYNC fans , except that I became very bitter when I was flipping through the radio and could n't find a single modern station playing decent music and realized that the late 90 's and early 00 's , with the possible exception of Radiohead , have not had one truly talented band . Instead we have dozens of moronic pop group clones . It is very depressing that my generation wo n't have even one band that we can regard as brilliant and historical and we have groups such as ` NSYNC to thank for that .
 In today 's world , people pride themselves on listening to this wonderful band known as N'Sync , not to mention the other bands in their class . Actually I should refrain from calling these groups bands for all they offer is a group of pretty boys prancing around on the stage like mexican jumping beans wearing pretty outfits and singing the worst possible music the ears could hear . No instruments , just synchronized voices , tight outfits , and very little amounts of talent to offer . Sounds like a great experience to me . I suppose now I am a member of the minority , otherwise known as the `` Saving the Guitar in Today 's Music Foundation of America '' . Please do not buy this album for you are wasting your money , time , life , and everything else . To credit N'Sync , The Backstreet Boys , or any other processed `` band '' as forerunners in the pop-culture would be a sin . In addition , their albums do n't hold the slightest bit of water to either the Beach Boys or the Beatles , the true founders of rock and pop as we once knew it . I 'm sorry to say it has begun to fade . In attempt to save what I love , please invest in bands like the two mentioned above , you will not be sorry you did.Sincerely , The Angry Musicians in Heaven Club
 This album could make me sound good and I ca n't carry a tune in a bucket . Of course , this is the big one for N * SYNC , can they top their previous record in sales with `` Celebrity '' ? Or , is this the beginning of the end of the boy-band bravada . This album sounds good ... that is just it , it sounds too good . With such obvious studio `` sweentening '' and blatant over-production , you have to wonder if this aging group is trying to prove they know how to hire someone who can run a sound board , or is this the talentless package we have always feared so out of tricks that they release an album that is so contrived as to mock the vary aspects of the business they feed on ? Another disc full of nondescript pop drivel . Hey , anyone remember New Kids third album ? Exactly .
 This cd has not artistic value , lacking decency and melody . This kind of music literally gives me headache , and then if plays a little longer , I will fall to sleep
 As an NSYNC fan , I was gravely disappointed . It 's just a cd of club music . With the exception of `` Pop '' and `` Gone '' , there 's nothing impressive or outstanding here . As usual , Justin and JC sing all the lead vocals and put the rest of the guys on the backburner . Justin and JC wrote 95 % of the songs on the cd , maybe that 's why it -LRB- stinks -RRB- so much . Chris Kirkpatrick 's song he wrote and sang himself called `` Fallen '' was cut off the album at the last minute because it was n't written or sung by the `` cute ones '' . Chris , Joey , and Lance
 This new album had me very excited , waiting for it 's release . A die-hard * NSYNC fan , I had high expectations from the Celebrity album , but when I bought it , I was pretty disappointed . It was n't even close to my expectations . The lyrics were good , and the guys did a good job writing the songs , but most of the songs sounded the same to me . I think I liked maybe four of the songs . So I would suggest listening to someone else 's before you buy this CD .
 Each CD they release has been of less quality than the last and it is nice to see that they did n't stop that trend . Top to bottom the first CD was the best . The second CD had three excellent songs and the rest were mediocre . On this effort they have replaced mediocrity for just plain bad . Again they fire off with real winner in `` Pop '' but there is no depth to the album .
 Okay , I have been a fan of NSYNC from day one and I have always loved their changes . When No Strings Attached came out , I was into the techno sounds like in `` Digital Getdown '' and `` No Strings Attached '' but I was also extremely pleased with the Poppy songs like `` Bye Bye Bye '' and of course the slow songs like `` This I Promise You '' . But this new CD is too R&B ` ish for my taste . I mean , all of the songs sound the same and most of the time , their voices are using that wierd enhancing thing that makes the song sound like techno . I love `` POP '' and being an NSYNC fan , I had to buy this CD . Afterall , I have all of them . I can honesty say that I am not at all pleased with it . I respect their change , but I think they can do much better .
 'N Sync , a boy band that is indeed growing up , deserve credit for writing and producing most of the songs on this CD , but it 's all a sign of growing up . These kids are n't babies anymore , they 're growing up , yet their music sounds the same as it has always been . I guess this CD has sold more than their # ! -RRB- @ -LRB- & $ % No Strings Attached ever did in its first week . I give them credit for that but this type of music is n't enough for me . I 'm not the type who buys a CD just because they 're so `` hot '' or `` cute '' . I do n't even listen to this type of music at all . My sister has gotten so sick of them that she calls them ... . I 've recently noticed she 's jumping on the alternative/rock train , just like certain teens in America have been doing lately . I 'm sure you 'll know that there 's plenty more out there than this . Later .
 Nsyncs new album `` Celebrity '' is an over done , un original , utterly horrible corporate boy band cd . The formula it follows is the same as every other boy band out there and you should not waste any money or time on it . My little sister ran home yesterday all excited about her new album and she listened to it all day . Every thing on this album sounds the same , high pitched voices , synthesized pianos and basses , and incredibly simple drum parts , there is no variety or originality in any of this . It is obvious they do n't write their own songs or even sing really well for that matter . Their claims of `` spoofing their celbrity and pop lifestyle '' are all thought out by people much smarter then they could ever be . My suggestion , buy Tool 's `` Lateralus '' or Staind 's `` Break the Cycle '' , these albums have more meaning , and more real music , than this poser album could ever have .
 Actually I have n't listened to it but come on . How good can it be ? When is this madness going to stop ?!?!
 This CD is about 80 % of Justin Timberlake 's nasty voice which leads me to question why it is a group called NSYNC . His voice is on every song and for long periods of time . You rarely hear Joey , Chris , or Lance which is a shame . Occasionally JC is in there . The best song on here is Girlfriend or Someone Like You . This is an okay CD . It could be much better if it werent for Justin .
 This album is really bad . OK , Pop was not bad but only due to the production of BT . Its edgy and its got a kick to it -LRB- I prefer the remixed version -RRB- . This version drags somewhat . The rest of the CD is just bad . Sorry folks , but that 's just my opinion . The sales of this album is in decline so most people tend to agree .
 Ok when I first heard this cd ... I seriously thought it was a joke or something ... I 'm so not kidding I thought someone decided to pull a prank and like tell me it was nsync ... I mean this time nsync has really givin up ... It sounds like they put this cd togather in a day ... no good vocals ... no good songs ... and the list goes on ! Come on for anyone out there who is thinking about buying this cd . . I suggest you save you 're money and go buy the Black and Blue cd instead ! Although they wo n't say it I believe the only reason why nsync realeased this cd was to try to beat out the BSB ... well I have news for them I do n't think you 'll be shattering records anymore . Just listen to the song Gone ... Who 's singin ... Brittney or Justin ????? Well that 's all I have to say I 'm not wastin any more of my money on this so called `` singing group '' BSB , please realease something worth listining to !!!!
 Unlike the stuff from the previous albums , * Nsync have actually written some songs from this album , and that gives them one step ahead of the other albums . Also , the production is n't really that bad . Still , there are songs that are pointless , like the singles `` Girlfriend '' and `` Pop '' -LRB- Justin co-wrote it , but still it 's self-absorbed , no offense fans -RRB- . I heard NSA and hated it , but this has some good songs , like `` The Game is Over '' and `` The Two of Us '' , and the band are kind of showing that they are n't quite as manufactured as it seemed . But do n't get me wrong , I still do n't like their music that much . I still think that it gets tiresome sometimes , but if you want a CD from them , get this one .
 Nsync takes their pop boy band style to a whole new level with their new album `` Celebrity '' . Not only do they write and mix their own music , they actual learn to play their own instruments . Almost every song was written by members of the group -LRB- some with a little producers help -RRB- but it is obvious they are stepping into the artist category . I can understand where people might have thought they were just another boy band and stereotyped them as the average group who would fade out in a few years , but obviously these boys -LRB- or should I say men -RRB- are hotter than ever with their third album . This third album takes all forms of music and throws them together to complete a great album . There are slow songs , dance beats , and their best forms of pop . The group introduces two step - a catchy club beat - and mixes in their own voices very well . They also throw in a pac-man video game sound in the song `` The Game is Over '' . A bulk of the songs talk about relationship problems , but this comes in many sounds from slow to fast , and soft to up tempo dance beats . `` Celebrity '' satisfies all aspects of the pop scene and differs form track to track . The sound is obviously pop , and if you like popular artists such as Britney Spears , LFO , and the Backstreet Boys you will like this album . The differentiating sounds keep this album flowing and a great music mix all on one CD .
 I do n't understand why any person would level themselve down to like N'Sync . But their next CD will be called what they really are ... PRETTY BOYS CALLED N'STINK !
 If anyone that reads this is old enough to remember the way music was back in the early 90 's , you will remember that artistry was the popular thing . An actual `` Band '' that wrote their own music , played their own instruments , and did n't clean their vocals up in the studio was actually an asset at that time instead of a liability . The point is becoming less and less of an art form and more and more of a popularity contest ; like a lottery that rewards stupidity . Of course the masses in their ignorance do n't acknowledge musicians with true talent . They simply like what everyone else does and what is being played on the radio . `` He who does not eat the fruit of conformity starves to death . '' Though incredulous to this notion initially , I know adhere , and so it is . Pity . Pity that some kids who could n't write a record if their popularity depended on it can be the biggest band in the world , when that position ca n't even be held for a band that can play an instrument . I wonder if I could be as popular if I could n't play an instrument or did n't have the talent to write a song . What a performer I could be ! I guess I must move backwards before I can move forward . That 's the way the music industry is going . One last thing from Thome York of Radiohead , the most CREATIVE band in the world -LRB- for definition of `` creativity , '' see a dictionary . Purchase may be necessary . Perhaps you threw it out with your REM CDs because they write their own music and do n't dance -RRB- ; `` It makes me sick that I create music for an industry that breaks the careers of so many talented musicians , while it makes the careers of a bunch of kids who do n't even realize their in a group that 's supposed to be making music . '' And from Billy Corgan of the late Smashing Pumpkins on the reasons for the band 's breakup ; `` I was just tired of competing against people like Brittney Spears . The music industry holds nothing for me anymore . `` By purchasing this CD , you have just added more fuel to the well-oiled music machine that does n't have the talent to make music . Good for you . At least until the next trend . Hey maybe in five years bands will be big if they do n't even sing at all . All they 'll have to do is dance . We 'll see . It 's up to the educated , creative-seeking masses what will be big next .
 OK , I have two words to describe this CD
 As much as N Sync tries to claim that they are no longer `` bubblegum pop '' , their music unfortunately , still very much is so . And while all the little teenyboppers may like this album , N Sync can not be taken all that seriously by true music fans . N Sync tried to mature with their music too fast ... while most of their fans have n't even matured yet . A band 's music should really only mature when their main fan base has matured , and that way , the fans can relate to the music more . If you are singing about going into clubs and `` getting it on '' with someone while most of your fans are only thirteen years old , then you 've got a problem because most likely , those thirteen-year-olds have never even gone inside a club!The content of the lyrics on ` Celebrity ' is unoriginal and foolish , mindless writing . Some of the lyrics can also be pretty nasty and not appropriate for N Sync 's main fan base age . On ` Celebrity ' , N Sync boasts about being big pop stars , losing the women of their dreams , etc. , the same typical stuff you 'd find on basically any pop album . The syntherized , computer-generated beats -LRB- which they call hip-hop and techno -- ha ! Yeah , right ! -RRB- are really the only reason why everyone thinks this album is so good . `` You can dance to the music on this CD ! '' and `` Justin Timberlake is hot ! '' are the reasons I get for when I ask why people like this album and N Sync 's music so much . Unfortunately , for Timberlake , he sings like a girl when he tries to hit the high notes and is unable to write a good song ... maybe he should let Max Martin write all the songs for N Sync next time . JC Chasez fears better , in the singing department . At least he has some actual talent . The other three members -LRB- Joey Fatone , Lance Bass , and Chris Kirtspatrick -RRB- , sing so little that they are not even worth commenting on.The only actual decent song I heard on this album was `` Tell Me , Tell Me ... Baby '' , because that song goes back to N Sync 's original roots , pop music , and what they are good at . N Sync is trying too hard to be someone they are not -- a hip-hop group . On their next album , they should stick to their original music roots , and find some new songwriters.I do NOT recommend ` Celebrity ' by N Sync.Score :50 / F -
 `` Pop '' is a song of staggering audacity in its lyrical protestations after a career of near mythical cynicism toward a fan base of mainly pubescent girls . This album in its entirety actually ratchets up that condescension by attempting to jettison this very fan base which either broke or nearly broke first week sales records on the group 's previous 2 releases . Their first single `` Pop '' basically declaims that the group is a popular music one in the same vein as , say , U2 or solo artist Janet Jackson and thus will withstand any totemic shifts in the popular culture away from `` boy-band '' derivatives and their female compatriots . The single also feigns indignation at pop music scribes who deride the group as nothing more than a vehicle for selling merchandise -LRB- CDs -RRB- and clothes through their good looks and tight dance choreograpy . And to really test credulousness the group appropriated the service of a profligately expensive music video -LRB- ie commercial -RRB- to state their case . Hmm , does their case hold up to observable truth ? First , we 've all be treated to this perverse competition within the recording industry over the past three years of how many units of music from some contrived teen pop impresario or grouping can `` we '' possibly sell within the first week of a CD 's release . Put more bluntly , how much money can we jiggle out of the pockets of a burgeoning teen market before a backlash sets in ? Secondly , most pop music scribes -LRB- with just one notable exception I can think of from a few years past -RRB- were , and probably will be again for this CD , rather complicit in this ruse , according these groups , including NSync , as many as 3 stars out of five for CDs with no memorable songs on them ! Finally , are n't music videos generically speaking supposed to sell you something ? So damn , do n't take it so personally Justin Timberlake ! You 've served your masters well and maybe your time has finally past . With this less than auspicious start to the CD , who really cares if maybe one entire track has any redeeming music to offer . These guys have pilfered enough cash out of the pockets of their pubescent girl market without offering them virtually anything to cherish later in life -LRB- as opposed to maybe that seminal teen pop concoction from the sixties the Monkees -RRB- , are now intent on casting off those fans anyway and will probably be swept away entirely with the onset of the first major recession this cohort of music buyers will confront in their lifetimes -LRB- fluff does n't seem to make as much of an impression on the popular culture during hard times -RRB- . So relax guys of NSync , your comeuppance awaits !
 what i ca n't believe is that people can actually listen to this trash . i have the last cd -LRB- No Strings Attached , i got it when i was as musically challenged as all the other teen pop fans -RRB- and i ca n't beleive i ever wasted money on it , when i could have used on groups that actually play their own instruments and write ALL of their own songs . and that is another thing they write some of their own songs yeah , but the songs could not be stupider . i hope some of the nsync fans will come to their senses and not follow trl .
 N'SYNC is a great boy band but with this album it seems like the took a stop down from their hit cd `` No Strings Attached . '' None of their songs are `` Hit '' materials . They do not have a catchy beat or a line that sticks in your head . All of their songs sound like spin offs from other hits . They should 've used expierenced song writers because this cd stinks .
 An absolute rehash of old concepts ; only saving grace being the haunting ballad `` Gone . '' Perhaps they should try a new genre of music ...
 Blue Racer
 N'Sync tried to do something they could n't pull off with this album . I tried to listen to the album all the way through but the lyrics and some of the beats were terrible . The only songs I could stomach were `` Pop '' , `` Gone '' , and `` Girlfriend . '' Songs like `` Celebrity '' , and `` Up against a Wall '' just had some of the worst lyics or the wrong beats to put them to ...
 this is not a band . Its a Disney Product , with all the fluff and glitter but no talent .
 I do n't have respect for any bands that do n't play instruments and have everything handed to them on a silver platter . Guys in their early twenties playing 15 year old girlie music . -5 stars -LRB- that is negative !! -RRB-
 I 'm not an NSYNC fan but I know a bad album when I hear it . I loved their self titled album and No Strings Attached was great , but Celebrity shows no signs of development . With lyrics like `` Tell me girl what 's his name What 'd he do to take you ? Does he freak you the way that I do ? Cause you know that I know how to and you 'll just be a memory I think I 've had enough '' and `` She took my hand We never said a word at all She starting grinding Shorty had me up against the wall '' is n't proving Justin and JC as serious writers . If I had kids , its nothing I would them listening to . None of the tracks scream `` Listen to Me ! '' like previous ones on No Strings , although `` Gone '' is pretty catchy . I see this as the downfall of NSYNC . -LRB- Yes NENETTE , this is ASHLEY ! -RRB-
 N Sync , No Strings Attached , and now Celebrity . I am really dissapointed at the kind of quality of music N Sync has produced this time . N Sync is known for their Pop style music , and it has worked for them so far . Now they completely changed their way of singing . I 'm so dissapointed that I 'm reselling their new Celebrity album , I ca n't take it anymore . I was a true fan of their music , but by changing their norm , I am truly offended . Backstreet Boys released Black and Blue sometime ago , and it continued their style of music with little or no change , I liked every song except for Shining Star , but N Sync 's new album , I liked 1 out of 13 and that 's POP . A mixture between R and B , Plus two step ? like some say ... . I 'm Sorry N Sync , please if it ai n't broke do n't fix it , if your doing great do n't change it ...
 i was a bit disappointed that tho they changed their sound , n'sync is still mostly justin and a bit of jc . onli justin and jc sing , u can hardly hear any of the other voices and i find that very unfair . otherwise , the songs are ok , but it sounds like they 're tryin to be somethin they are n't . this cd sounds like they 're just tryin to follow wut 's in rite now
 N'Sync are no Xtynct . No one listens to these fairies who sing like they were castrated pallies . I ca n't believe the FIVE STAR REVIEWERS ca n't accept that teen pop is OVER ! Avoid or I 'll yell HEEGOTCHA !
 I really hate it when cookie cutter boy bands decide to be taken seriosuly as `` true artists '' . There 's so much hype surrounding this record ; with everyone saying , `` yeah , this so is n't similar to their old work , this actually is n't even pop '' . Yeah right.Did those guys even listen to the album?I do n't see how this album is any different from their previous attempts.Just bland bubblegum pop paired with multi-million dollar production.And , oh yeah , there was 1 good song , `` Gone '' , but it was all ruined 'cause of Justin 's whiny , sticky voice .
 I do n't even have to hear the CD to know what kind of fabricated crap is on it . It 's ironic when you guys start saying that `` Their sound has matured '' when in reality they did n't even have a hand in it musically . Another Interesting Point
 ummm , i really dont know how to describe this album . Pointless comes to mind . The lyrics , are less than stellar , by less than stellar i mean useless . The beats are umm , less than stellar , again i actually mean pointless . The people in the band , justin , and ... well justin is the only one isnt he ? at least the only one anybody knows . His solo career , while better than this band , is still not good . If you listen to this music , and enjoy it , then go to your parents , and ask them if they have a Led Zeppelin album somewhere . Maybe A Van Halen . If you have an older sibling , ask them to bring out Never Mind-Nirvana , they should have it . Pearl Jam , and soundgarden , the other 2/3rds of the seattle grunge trio , are also good choices . Then theres the death metal scene , but you wouldnt like that if you listen to this . But if you want to give it a try , Cradle Of Filth , Megadeth , and In Flames are all good starting points.Anyways , all i have to say is if your 12 and are trying to be cool , buy this album , even though you will get mocked if you do . if your over 12 , or not tryin to be in the in crowd , think about some other bands . Bands that can write lyrics that mean something . I reccomend the bands above , and , without doubt the greatest band ever , tool . Laturalus , Aenima , Undertow , and Opiate are all great albums by tool . If your a beginner i reccomend Laturalus . Thats all i have to say , hopefully i saved you 12 bucks . Oh ya , Alyx Miller your hot , i believe that means i win .
 This cd has some good songs on it . There are songs I do n't like though . A thing I do n't like is that all of the songs are hard R&B - I love R&B , but their old album was mixtures of different kinds of music . They completely changed their sound -LRB- i do n't have their old album , but i listened to it before -RRB- . I like Dirty Pop a little.I do n't like the song , Celebrity - it has no melody , and it sounds weird!I really like the song , The Game Is Over . It 's really cool.I do n't like the song , Girlfriend . It 's kind of boring for me.I like the song , The Two Of Us . It has a nice beat and good voices.I do n't like the song Gone though . At first , I liked it a little , but then I started thinking it sounded weird and did n't really enjoy it . I like the song , Tell me Tell me Baby -LRB- that 's one of the best songs on the album -RRB- . I like Up Against the Wall.I do n't like the song , See Right Through You -LRB- it 's ok -RRB- . The song , Selfish is another I do n't like.I like Do n't Tell Me Like That.I do n't like Somebody Like You or Do Your Thing.This album is better than No Strings Attached ! I want to congradulate them on that -LRB- i did n't really like no strings attached , I thought it was n't very good -RRB- . This album shows real growth for them and they 're improving as artists ! I like 6 songs on this album actually -LRB- i only liked three on No Strings Attached -RRB- .
 When will these idiots just go away and fall off like all the other talentless phonies from previous times that have walked the face of this earth ? Oh , I just ca n't wait until these fakester pranksters get played out and drop off and no one , not even one , will ever remember the name of these clowns that had the audacity to attempt singing . I , especially , ca n't stand that wannabe sounding black , fake wannabe singer , Justin . He is the most ANNOYING AND AGGRAVATING OUT OF ALL OF THEM ! The imbeciles that even have the nerve and audacity to compare this clown to Michael Jackson are even more stupid and mentally challenged than he is . It 's one thing to like the clown-another to compare him to the greatest musical entertainer of all time . THAT IS SOMETHING YOU NEVER DO ! COMPARING THIS FOOL TO MICHAEL JACKSON , THE GREATEST EVER , IS TAKING IT WAY TOO FAR !!!!!! My brother has his cd and likes him , and I do n't know why ! All he is doing is taking advantage of Black music and using Black artists and producers like Timberland to `` get some game '' . This idiot is just that , an idiot , with no talent , and just trying to mimic the real thing ! Pop `` music '' is garbage-pure garbage , plain foolishness ! It 's sad that only a few of us are the only ones with common sense to see that . Why is it that the ones with good taste , common sense , and intelligence are always in the minority ? This just shows you how low and beyond stupid society has become.P.S .
 Me at an award show : '' I would like to not thank nysnc for making crappy music , i would not like to thank the radio for playing this crap but i would like to thank the people who are responsible for throwing the trash out . '' Thank you !!!! Anyways , Dont let your brain get connected to this crap , you wouldnt believe what happens next ! Youll find that out later
 SO you like music that 's completely FAKE , PACKAGED and POINTLESS ? Well , this JUNK of an album here will satisfy your GAYNESS like no other album can . SO I guess I 'll Just See you when you finally WAKE UP TO REALITY ! -LRB- LOL -RRB-
 Just looking at a good review for this cd hurts my eyes ! You poeple who are giving this a good review are lying and you know it ! C'mon , join the n'suck bashing wagon . It 's fun !
 I 'm embarrassed to admit that I actually bought this album when it came out . After listening to this album twice , I had to sell it ASAP because it was pop music at its absolute worse . J.C. ca n't sing at all . He tries too hard to sound like he has soul but it 's just so painlessly obvious that he has no kind of soul to begin with and his voice is strained . Justin Timberfake sings like a wench and I do n't know who told him he was hot stuff because he looks like a wimpy fairy . Speaking of fairies , I guess it was no surprise when Lance came `` out . '' Other than that , I 'm glad that these fools are done and over with . They contributed nothing to the world of music except garbage . Justin Timberfake is still holding the torch , but not for long . Skip anything by NSYNC as if it were the plague .
 N'Sync is terrible in this album . They try to be different but it just sounds messy and very poorly produced . If you like their past albums you will hate this one . The only reason N'Sync sells CDs is because people think that they are so talented which i thought they where until this album was released .
 They were great with tearing up my heart . now the boys are tryin too hard . waste of money . every song is stupid . horrible : -LRB-
 N * Sync came back with more `` POP , '' what a big shocker . Well as I listened to the cd I compared it with their others . And what I relized is that it sounds like `` No Strings Attached , '' their second album with some fresh beats . I listened to `` Gone '' and `` The Game is Over , '' more times than the other tracks but after a week I got tired of the whole album . I suggest go spend your $ on Britney Spear 's `` Britney . '' That 's a cd that sounds different than her others at least . But here 's reviews of the first 3 singles . Out of five * 's . `` Pop '' - *** 1/2 `` Gone '' - ** 12 `` Girlfriend '' - ***
 1 . POP - extremely bad w / beatbox -LRB- Rating 2/5 -RRB- 2 . Celebrity - OK but kind of selfish -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- 3 . The Game Is Over - Annoying -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- 4 . Girlfriend - Favorite -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 5 . The Two Of Us - So weird -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- 6 . Gone - 2nd fave -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- 7 . Tell Me , Tell Me Baby - Even more annoying , but an OK song -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- 8 . Up Against The Wall - OK , but not good -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- 9 . See Right Through You - Bashing fan song -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- 10 . Selfish - selfish . -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- 11 . Just Do n't Tell Me That - OK -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- 12 . Someone Like You - Hate the harmonica , but OK -LRB- 2/5 -RRB- 13 . Do Your Thing - OK -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- Out of a possible 65 pts , this album only manages 34 pts . Thats 31 minus points that could 've made 65 points , euuukk ! I ca n't believe I even gave them 34 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Your only option is to get this album . Tears of joy will stream down your face when you listen to this masterpiece . The lyrics are rich and full of meaning that any everyday person can relate to . You will fall to your knees listening to this , and you 'll thank God for letting you purchase it . Go out and buy it now , you wo n't regret it . The lyrics , instrumentation ... everything about this album , and this band in general , is brilliant.OH ! I thought I was reviewing an album from Pink Floyd ! Not an album from a talentless , manufactured boyband ! Avoid N * Sync like they were a plauge , and get the latest album from the Rolling Stones instead .
 I have most of NSYNC 's album , but I 'm not a huge fan . For the record , I basically have most of the `` male vocal group '' albums , i.e. BSB and 98 * , and I 'm not a huge fan of any either . First off for the pros , `` Pop '' was a good song . Other songs that made it to my good list are `` Gone '' and `` Something Like You . ' '' The ballads are mostly good , especially `` Gone , '' which is quite catchy . `` The Two Of Us '' was a new sound for NSYNC as well . The cons in CELEBRITY is that it seemed like a replica of NO STRINGS ATTACHED . There was no sign of improvement . Furthermore , if you know your MTV , you 'll notice similar tunes used in this album . I 'll give a few examples : -LRB- 1 -RRB- In `` The Game Is Over , '' there 's a part in the middle that sounded like Mystikal 's piece in `` Stutter '' by Joe . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The intro to `` Tell Me Tell Me ... Baby '' is the similar Destiny 's Child 's intro to `` Bug-a-Boo . '' -LRB- 3 -RRB- In track 9 , `` See Right Through You , '' the moment Justin started singing , it sounded like Pink in `` There You Go . '' -LRB- 4 -RRB- In the same song , the bridge or the part they sing before the chorus was sang similarly like DC 's `` Independent Woman Part I '' chorus when they said ` The shoes on my feet ... The clothes I 'm wearing ... -LRB- 5 -RRB- `` Just Do n't Tell Me That '' intro is the same as `` Tell Me Tell Me ... Baby '' with a different twist . -LRB- 6 -RRB- If you listen carefully to the same song , at the end of the techno stuff -LRB- about 8 seconds from the start -RRB- you could almost say `` Bye Bye Bye . '' -LRB- 7 -RRB- Finally , the last track , `` Do Your Thing , '' when the quintet do their harmony in the chorus , they remind me of my mom 's Ray Conniff Christmas Album.These are just my observations . The thing that disappoints me further is that it 's the same old deal . Only JC and Justin sing solos . You could n't even hear Lance , and if you do , it 's barely audible . And just so you know , the words `` apart '' and `` heart '' are still used in the rhymes . The songs that Justin and JC wrote , mostly the non-ballads , do n't sound anything serious at all . They certainly have not matured at all . If you decide to buy the album , be my guest . I 'm not saying that you should n't buy it , but just do n't expect too much because it is a major letdown .
 N'sync have not changed at all , except in this album they attempt to sound black , wich they are not . I also do not see the point in them having more than justin and J.C. because the others only dance around in the video 's . N'scync has never released a decent song , and i doubt that any human likes them for musical talent , but for their ugly brutish appearence . Sorry girls , but Justin appears to be trying to grow pubic hairs on his hear . And do you ever wonder why / his voice is so high ? They also try to show that they are talented by getting writing credits in every song . In truth , they may have only written one line , and considering that they are ALL THE SAME SONG this is no accomplishment . On the hit single ` pop ' they say that they have the gift of melody , and they will be around untill the end.Yeah , right . Keep dreaming .
 I am a huge * NSYNC fan , but this cd was n't as good as their other cds . It was all electronic sounding and are n't any really strong songs . They are a good group but this is just a bad cd .
 I ca n't believe this album . I was expecting it to be up to the high standards set by their previous release No Strings Attached but this just sounds like disposable pop . There is no cohesive theme , just `` I want you back girl '' and `` I 'm a put upon pop star '' . When are they going to release their Seargent Pepper or their Blonde on Blonde ? I was expecting more from the guys . I thought we had the new Beatles on our hands but now it looks like they may be just another Osmonds .
 If the group , N'Sync where to take away all the computer generated sounds in their songs , and had no writers making these hit songs for them , they would be probably all be working at some small town grocery store ! This CD , Celebrity , has justin singing lead in EVERY song ! JC is in there a little bit , but I where the other memeber 's of the group , i would leave ! What kind of group are they anyways ? POP ? They say they are pop in that stupid song , but they are really black wan na be 's !
 I bought this cd because I kinda like pop and I liked this i promise you . I was expecting something DECENT but all i got was wasted money and too much trying in their vocals and repetitive beats . Sure they may have wrote some songs ... but at least write good songs . Maybe its not all about love and pop . If you want real music go away from -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I am not a huge fan of `` Pop '' music or boy bands in general . However , I did like songs by N Sync and The Backstreet Boys , I am not one of those totally biased people who despises pop totally . This album is horrible . I can not believe these people giving it five star reviews , they obviously do not know what music is . N Sync will be gone soon enough and so will this album . I usually love their slow songs , these songs sound the same as the old ones with worse lyrics and music . The song `` Pop '' is a joke . They say `` Ice around my neck '' . As hard as they try , they will never be `` hard '' or anything near that . They become more of a joke with every album . The fast songs sound like they hit random keys on a synthesizer and just sang about stupid things to them . This album signifies the true end of N Sync .
 I usaually do n't listen to acts liek N'snync or B. Spears , but my friends do . The day it came out tehy all got it and would listen ot it all the time and say it was so good and i would like it . i was willing to try something new and was able to snagg one at teh library . I listen to it on the way home . I could n't even listen to half of ti before i turned around and drove back to teh library and got a different CD -LRB- Louis Armstrong -RRB- because i was so disappointed . This may be a good cd for completetists but other why 's keep away if your not a fan of surgary pop.Thank You
 well ... here comes another one . these guys kept promising something better ... yet they keep delivering disappointments ... their 2nd album was nothing comparing to the first ... and this one has no difference ... their music definitely comes after BSB 's .
 Let this be a well meant advise
 n sync will never be taken for a real band thay are just a modern day munkeys.It wont be long untill thay become just another NKOTB and be a laughing stock of the music industry .
 ... this is n * sync at they 're worst .
 save your money & invest on new cds by actual musical bands -LRB- AHEM , bands where the members play instruments & have a sense of musicality -RRB- like Coldplay , Echo & the Bunnymen or Depeche Mode or even kewl loud heavy stuff like Static X. . . not this over-marketed cheese !! By the way kiddos , Depeche Mode was `` kewl '' when I was in junior high & high school , why does this generation of teenagers now have to suffer so much from MTV fed crap ?!?!?!? & why must us 20-somethings have to hear about this crap EVERYwhere we go ?!?!?!
 this album might as well be called `` fillerity '' . majority of this album is nothing more , but filler!the only good song is the album 's first single `` pop '' which does n't leave your mind for at least a few hours after listening to it.justin timberlake makes a total fool out of himself on this album in the song `` celebrity '' he sings `` would you still know me if i were n't a celebrity '' . the hypocriay in that song is that if he were n't a celebrity no one would know him period!this might as well be called `` the justin album '' since he sings ALL the leads!note
 the fact that people consider this disc `` R&B '' is beyond . are people forgetting they were once a teenybopper pop group ? i am amused at one reviewer who is what 30 something and likes NSYNC ? Sorry Richard but i 'm 20 and i happen to hate NSYNC . always have and always will . while i dont like the backstreet boys at leased they dont try to be something they 're not . when i saw the video for `` girlfriend '' i was cracking up ! since when were NSYNC `` Street thugs '' ? you can obviously tell they 've been changed to market towards BOTH MTV * and * BET . Justin 's voice being soulful ? his voice is a step up from a squaking rat . It would be better if he wasnt so nasal and didnt sing so darn high ! `` Gone '' might as well be called Justin with backup vocals . I mean at leased Destiny 's Child 's first CD and En Vogue 's CD had HARMONIES in them . Same with Boyz II Men and BackStreet . NSYNC might as well be called JUSTIN with Backup vocals . JC is the better singer but Justin is always in the spotlight . Sick of him too ? E-mail me about it ! PePsI987@yahoo.com Holla !
 NSYNC and all their fellow pop acts -LRB- Backstreet Boys , Britney Spears , etc -RRB- are all degrading our generation . Back in the 1960s groups like The Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin were HUGE and they not only actually wrote their songs that are better than anything the likes of NSYNC will ever put out but they also played their own instruments.Look at music today . Talentless people that do n't write or play dominate the top 50 . It 's pathetic . Ca n't we do better ? After 40 years people still listen to Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones . NSYNC will be lucky to have people listening to them 10 years later . They have n't put out an album in just 2 years and they 've already fallen off the media 's radar and out of the public 's CD players.Please buy some music that has heart and talent . Music that a group of people took the time to write , compose , and play . Not some group of talentless kids with bleached hair produced according to a record label 's greedy demands.I 'd recommend checking out Oasis , In Flames , Ben Folds , Children of Bodom , Mudvayne , or ohGr instead . You do n't have to go back into time to get decent music , you just have to stop listening to what Carson Daly and jerks at the RIAA produce out of a factory and jam down your throat .
 Ok . I will try to be as fair adn unbiased as I can . I will admit , i used to like * NSync as much as the next girl ... but then they changed . They do n't even sing pop music anymore ! They sing latin-y , rap-y , techno-y , i-don ` t-even-know-what-it-is-but-it-sure-ain ` t-music-y stuff . The reason * NSync will fade out SOON
 I have to admit I was really looking forward to the new Nsync album celebrity . Once I got it and listened it to the first time I could barely hear any singing because of the blaring instruments and the lyrics are just the same from the previous album just a little edgier -LRB- not really interesting -RRB- . This definitely is different from other Nsync cd 's ; it is much more louder , obnoxious , and does not live up to the hype that everyone was saying . It was a very disappointing cd .
 Pop , Celebrity are the only songs on here that I like but their music is anything but original . Hip hop artists and legends like michael jackson have been there , done that and done it much better before and people like n sync are just trying to take what 's been done successfully already by black artists to market it to teenagers who were once into country music and do n't know a thing about r & b/hip hop
 I am extremely saddened by the fact that the crazed owl attacks kept me from recieving what could very well be the worst album ever . I was just going to use it as a frisbee . It 's worth about the same to me . Nsync is the worst band ever . If you want some real music , get some metal.By the way , I think these owls just ripped my bathroom roof off . Got ta go !
 ~ It seems like all the pop groups are trying to diverge . Personally , I liked 'N Sync much better when it was `` pop . '' And why do they have a song titled `` Pop '' and say all this self-contradicting stuff , first defending that pop is not just a trend , then going off on a whole different genre ? None of the lyrics make sense - I think `` Celebrity '' was the worst . -LRB- `` If I did n't have cheese like everyday , would you be so nice to me ? '' ... that 's what it sounds like , seriously ! -RRB- Not to ~ ~ mention that it was sung like the guys were drunk and on the verge of unconsciousness ! They mumble `` Ce-le-bri-ty , ce-le-bri-ty '' monotonously and tersely - like they 're holding back on gas - throughout the whole song ! `` Girlfriend '' , `` Gone '' , and `` Celebrity '' are the worst tracks on this CD . `` Pop '' has grown on us - we hear it everywhere . `` The Two of Us '' , `` Tell Me , Tell Me ... Baby '' , `` Selfish '' , and `` Something Like You '' are the only songs that keep you from ~ ~ hurling the CD out the window.It was nice that 'N Sync tried to be original by writing their own lyrics and changing their style , but frankly , the lyrics -LSB- stunk -RSB- and the songs made you want to scream and cry -LRB- in a negative way -RRB- . This album reeked ... 1 star for effort -LSB- in the above mentioned `` want of originality . '' -RSB- ~
 I love N Sync but this is awful . They have totally changed their style and their sound . I love the softer side of N Sync . This new style will bring them down FAST !
 if my kids listened to this , i would put them up for adoption .
 I just wish that this talentless teeny bop boy band would just go away.However , if they left they would not be able to make their labels all the money for them.This album sounds the same as their previous album and is one of the worst albums of the year.The sound production sucks and the cover art has got to be one of the cheesiest and stupidest album covers of all time.Alot of people will probably call me a hater , but all im saying is the truth and alot of people dont want to face up to the truth that this band sucks.Please stop listening to mtv and carson daily because they get paid to buttkiss and say that an album is good.Wake up people and start using your own brain for once.DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP !!!
 I ca n`t believe I liked nsync before . Pop singers are bad because they do n`t write there own songs !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Not every song is the best I 've ever heard , but I give them 5 stars for several reasons
 N Sync 's attempt at a more mature album failed . Their music is awful and they can not sing , and they are also very ugly . Unless you are a fan of N Sync , do n't buy this barbaric album .
 ... do people like the group so much ? I was never personally a big fan of Nsync , but I was willing to give them a chance . So I listened to my friend 's copy of Celebrity and there was not a single song that struck me as great . I 'm not going to say they are bad people or jerks like some people want to say , I ca n't judge them as people , but as `` musicians '' I really ca n't respect them . I wanted to respect them , I tried , but every song on this album sounds like something I 've already heard before . This is just the same manufactured pop as their last stuff . I wo n't go bash them personally , but what I do n't understand is why they have so many fans ? Why do they sell so many records when they all sound the same and are filled with meaningless words about how they love or hate a girl ? I thought with this album it would be different with them writing more , but instead they just came up with really lame lyrics like in `` Girlfriend '' or `` The Two of Us . '' Even I could write lyrics that bad if I tried . The vocals are weak and the `` instruments '' consist of a computer . Not to mention that Justin and JC are the only ones who have solos on the album . The other 3 guys are just backup singers . That is NOT a group . The perfect antidote after listening to this album is go out and buy yourself a Rollingstones , Beatles , heck even Mozart album and turn it way up until you completely forget who Nsync are . Or if you 're looking for someone younger , listen to Jonny Lang wail on the guitar or Michelle Branch sing and play . I 'm sure I 'll get a million not helpful reviews because I am just telling you the truth . These guys will be gone and forgotten very soon . If they were a group of ugly 40 year old men , God knows no one would be listening to them . Just wait , they 're time will end , as soon as the little girls start growing up and realizing that , no , Justin Timberlake WO N'T ever marry you .
 All the songs have the same beat and it sounds really bad . Question ? If they have the gift of melody , why are they in harmony . This is just a bad cd . I was really surprise . And they have the same beats as the backstreet boys . Some new sound .
 I was a fan of * NSYNC but after No Strings Attached came out -LRB- 2nd album -RRB- , my views changed . I thought I would give 'em one more chance with this album , and buy it . I was WRONG , I wasted -LSB- amt -RSB- on this cd . It literally sucks , and could be the end of * NSYNC . This is a 55 minute cd and of those 55 minutes probably about 43 of them is Justin singing solo . NSYNC should now be named Justin and friends . Anyone who gave this a 5 is wrong , you are probably some nsync obsessed fan who would have given them a 5 if they sang `` la la la '' for 50 minutes . All the songs sound the same , and are all ` pop ' songs . They say they wanted it to be more R&B and stuff , well it is n't ! Save your money on a good cd , like O-Town , were out of 295 reviews , 185 of them are 5 stars . O-Town is a different sounding group who is worth your money not * NSYNC . This does n't even deserve a 1 , it deserves a 0 .
 After buying all three N SYNC albums and their christmas album , I think that Celebrity is the worst one . For a vocal group that has so much talent , and can harmonize so well together - they have totally abandoned their strongest asset for a techno , hip hop technique . The songs quickly begin to wear on your nerves and make you want to return to their original self-titled album which was by far their best work as a group , although there are many good tracks on No Strings Attached as well .
 Ok , here i was stuck at a friends house , having to listen to this ... all night !! what is so great about it ?? yes they have talent but their mussic is terrible !! i cant here this `` new '' sound , its still the same old boy band ... !!!! Their music is the most terrible thing ever written , and as a musician and vocalist i would like to apploigise to the world . I would just like to un-brainwash these teenie boppers !! They make me sad to be a musician , and i wish they would just stop ruining the music industry , along with all the other boy bands who sound just like them , and all will be unknow in a few years . EVERYONE STOP WAISTING YOUR MONEY and buy some good jazz cd 's or musicals like RENT !!
 I give this CD the lowest possible # of stars ... if I could get any lower than a single star , I would . As soon as I played the music for the first time in the car , I could n't believe how bad it was . The first song is just some wanna-be singers going on and on about some stinking `` pop '' . I do not recommend this CD to anyone . Not even Nsync fans .
 I was very excited about this album until I put the CD in the player for the first time . I somehow expected more out of the boys and instead got songs with good beats and pretty -LSB- bad -RSB- lyrics . `` Tell me tell me ... baby '' sounds like a Backstreet Boy song ... `` Celebrity '' is just an annoying song - the fact that they sing `` if I did n't have cheese like every day '' is a sign to me that they 've spent a little too much time with those junior high fans of theirs . I was hoping this would be a CD I 'd listen to over and over again , now I am thinking it is good for an occasional listen to and will probably best serve as a coaster . Sorry boys , you could have done better .
 Do n't get me wrong , i love N Sync 's music , `` No Strings Attached '' was a really good cd before all of the radio stations ran it into the ground . Maybe it was good because they spent some actual time on it . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but to my knowledge , they were on tour and made this album in less than 6 months . Some of the best songs were written in 10 minutes , but i really doubt it took 10 minutes to produce them . Overall , I 'd say that the cd would be much better if they had spent some more time on it .
 This CD was so hyped up , but does n't live up to our expectations . I ca n't believe I bought 2 -LRB- one for each daughter -RRB- . They are both totally disappointed and had me sell the CDs online . I disappointed , too , and I 'm a MOM ! I 've really liked some of N * SYNC 's music in the past , but putting this CD out was a stupid move by them . How can they keep their fan base if no one wants to listen to their music ? They need to back up a little on their extreme `` creativity '' and look at the formula that 's made them `` Celebrities '' . I hope they can read some of their fans reviews of the CD and do better next time .
 no need to elaborate on the title of this review .
 The Game is over with Celebirty . With there new rap geto sound -LRB- did n't i tell you justin wants to be eminem ??!! -RRB- I think this is not a good abulm you ca n't under stand it even m you can understand . There just trying to be sooooooooo cool . Like any of them lived in a `` bad '' town . So the game is over this is not even pop !! POP goes nysnc with this awful rap abulm !!!!!!!!!
 -LSB- ... -RSB- i used to be one of those people who loved n sync and justin and i 'd go drooling over him . i even sent him a letter once saying how cute i thought he was.but now , i 'm starting to realize my sister was right about them ... some things i wo n't repeat.there 's nothing against them or their fans , seriosuly . It 's just that i loved their first cd , and i still think it 's all right . but when they got older , they tried to be cool , and it did n't help their musical talents at all . the songs now make them totally sound , how shall i put this , very full of themselves . for example , the song pop . it sounds like the message they 're trying to get across is that they 'll be around forever and so will the teeny bopper phase . bull sh*t . i 'm not the teeny bopper kind of person anymore , once i started listening to some other kinds of music . for those who hate pop music , this is not the cd for you . but ... if you like n sync and you like pop music , you 'll like this cd . which is the reason that i rated it 2 stars instead of 1 . i have to rate it fairly . you 'll also like the rest of their cd 's . and you can drool over them all you want . but once you grow up and see how immature and absolutely sad their music is , you 'll see where i 'm coming from .
 Tuneless , whiny , and synthetic , `` Pop '' was to NSync what `` Scream '' was to Michael Jackson -- a petulant assertion of self-esteem whose rapid disappearance from the charts suggested an inadvertent attempt at career suicide . Does NSync really think bubblegum `` is not a trend '' ? And why on earth are they bragging about their `` gift of melody '' on a song built around three notes?Anyway , if NSync really had so much faith in `` pop life , '' they would n't have tried to sound like -LSB- other artists -RSB- ... . The adult contemporary ballads `` Selfish '' and `` Something Like You , '' are no better , having more in common with the saccharine `` Music of My Heart '' than anything halfway edgy or interesting like `` For the Girl Who Has Everything . `` There is light at the end of the tunnel -- the last song , `` Do Your Thing '' is jazzy , just begs for some club remixes , and sounds much brighter than the rest of the album -LRB- which in general suffers from a lack of playfulness and fun -RRB- . Too bad they wasted so many other songs by - not - doing their own thing .
 Why ca n't there be anything lower than one star here ? I tried my hardest to keep an open mind about this and I 'm sorry , but this album just does n't cut it . I will never understand why people keep saying their sound is ` all grown up ' . First off , the song ` Pop ' proves to me that they have done nothing to change except for the worse . They sound like whiny little kids in that song , it makes no sense lyrically . . just another song that was thrown together to try and gain more popularity for themselves . As for the rest of the songs , I 've heard them because my friend likes them and I ca n't stand any of them , I just wanted to throw the CD into the trash . This is not any better than No Strings Attached , nothing new as far as I can see here . . this is just as bad , if not worse ! So many other bands work harder to get to where they are today and N'Sync just throws a record together as fast as they can and just hope that the record sales rise to the top so they can sit and talk about how great they are when they are really yesterday 's news . I would n't recommend this CD to anyone unless you want to torture someone to death . I 'm not praying for another N'Sync album , I 'm praying for them to go ` bye bye bye ' .
 N Stync were amongst the lousiest boy band.Thank god the awful era of the boy bands is over.crappy songs like pop make me feel like retching in disgust.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.ZERO STARS .
 This album is terrible . I sort of liked them before they got full of themsleves and went and bashed everyone . The song `` Celebrity '' is bashing their fans . `` Pop '' bashes the people who do n't like their music . `` Gone '' is so boring . `` The Game Is Over '' , is like saying , `` I lost a video game '' . They are copies of BSB ! So what , they supposedly broke a record ! Sales do n't matter ! Do yourself a favor and save yourself the -LSB- money -RSB- and buy a `` Weird Al '' or BSB or O-Town CD !
 Why are evil albums like this popular ? It is the product of a runaway capatilist recording industry bent on getting out a controlable ware to the preteen market .
 NSYNC has really backed themselves into a corner this time . Their fans are going to be dropping like the proverbial flies after the release of this album . I came up with a name for this supposed new sound of theirs -- CRAP . I dont know why anybody would even buy the CD -LRB- I heard the CD through MP3s by the way -RRB- . NSYNC really got off on the wrong foot with their least successful single ever `` Pop '' -- or what I like to refer to as `` Flop '' due to the fact NOBODY likes this song . . not even hardcore fans . In conclusion this CD is crap -- but be happy ... because fans can only buy crap albums from a band for so long until they give up . I think NSYNC is about to become EXTINCT after this Dirty Flop .
 This album stinks to high heaven . It 's so obvious that they 've copied everything the Backstreet Boys ever did . I was at an NSYNC concert recently and they even stole AJ Mclean 's cell phone routine in `` The Call . '' The lyrics of the songs are almost laughable , and Justin sings almost everything on the record . I found perhaps two good songs on the album thanks to `` Destiny 's Child '' and their beats . So are they going to copy girls now?This group is all style and no substance . I swear they were lip syncing at the Detroit concert . NSYNC is not a band they are a circus act .
 N Sync 's sophomore album shows a lack of quality throughout almost every track . The vocals sound strained during most of the songs , possibly due to digital enhancement . It was very hard to determine if there were also any actual live instruments used , most sounded like they had been produced by a computer . The new R&B / Rap approach taken to some tracks also seems to be taking a step away from their current teeny-bopper style . All in all , the songs , vocals , and engineering all fall flat and sound extremely hollow . Strong Recommendation to Avoid !
 I actually rate this CD 0 stars , but since we can not do that here on Amazon.com , I had to give it 1 star . But it certainly does n't deserve any!Celebrity is the worst album of the year , even though it sold the most copies . Let me ask one question
 I rushed out the day * N SYNC
 no no no , i just do n't like it , i recieved this for my birthday last month and i was frustrated with my in laws because for one , this cd is quite old . 2nd , this cd is hideous , besides the catchy `` pop '' the whole cd fails to strike a nerve with any of my senses . I recomend just buying something recent or artistically endeavouring , not childish and ridiculous
 Yikes , am I glad I did n't waste money on this , heard it at a friend 's -LRB- not -RRB- and hated it rate off the bat !! Okay , I do n't wan na review this , it would be just too sad , so , all I can say is , this sucks !!
 i would not recomend NSYNC to anyone . they are just another backstreet boys wan na be . I do not think they have the required talent to be labelled as a good group . They are just another gurlie soundign wan na be boy band . They blow and they shouldnt be considered talent ! they sound like whiney 14 year old gurlz , they have no talent what so ever ! I do not like them at all ! and Alyx Miller is not hot ! she is very ugly , on the otherhand , Andrew Cleaveley -LRB- A.K.A. Cleaver -RRB- is the cutie ! so Andy , i do n't think u win , i believe i do !
 First of all , * NSYNC have NO talent . I would 've given them no stars , but thats not an option . I do n't get why everyone likes them when all they do is sing with their whiny little talentless voices . If * NSYNC releases another album , I swear I am gon na freak . I hate them and I just wish they would go away ! Maybe it 's just because I do n't like pop AT ALL , but * NSYNC or however those losers are spelling it now , seriously need a little talent . I own none of their CD 's , and I 'm proud of it . Lastley , look at Bye Bye Bye , that stupid song . That was way too overplayed , and on this stupid CD they have Pop . That lasted like a week , so you can already see these guys are going down hill . Anyone who 's with me on this , say it was helpful , and if people disagree , please say it wasnt helpful . Kinda like a poll . RAP ROCKS !!!!!
 i just want all my G 's to hear this cd it r000cks . the album may be dark but i guess justin has had a dark life . this man is a hardened str33t thug kids hes been around the block and he deserves respect k ? the lyrics are pretty d33p too . for example the song POP . this is obviously adressing the guns justin dealt with every day on the str33ts growing up . as i said earlier you can literaly hear pain in his voice in this song ; not for the kids k ?
 I am a true fanatic of * NSYNC , having their CD 's and such . I was truly dissapointed with their new CD celebrity . I guess I 'm just not a person that can easily adjust to change , since `` Celebrity '' was utterly different from their other two CD 's . It sounds more like rap than pop , plus in the song `` Pop '' I do n't exactly like Justin repeatedly saying `` Dirty Pop `` I think * NSYNC could have done better with this CD if they had just stayed with their regular kind of sounding music and lyrics , instead of trying to do something so different I 'm not sure I 'm listening to * NSYNC anymore .
 NSync is a perfect example of a huge marketing project that has risen to immense heights . Behind this ploy is MTV and the drones that watch TRL . MTV can , and will , make stars out of any artist they choose . The music does n't matter . This CD is proof of that . The lyrics are horribly trite . The music is a digital headache . It 's all about the images - nothing more . No one could listen to this more than once . Ahh . . but MTV can plaster their faces on the screen and jam the images down our collective throats . Over time , they become the megastars they are.Hope is on the way though . These guys are getting older with each day . Try as they might , the magic they own now will fade as sure as the sky is blue . It 's going to end soon - despite their plea in track 1 that it wo n't . To be fair - this music is for kids , so why take that away from them ? When is the next music revolution going to take place ? Who will be the next Nirvana ? Please let it come soon .
 So I took a listen , everyone was going on about Nsync 's `` new '' sound . What I found were over produced tracks and 5 white boys trying hard to be black . Justin , Michael Jackson you are not . His vocals are so whiny and I swear Justin 's voice was the only voice I heard singing on this CD . Okay , one in awhile they let JC sing too but I 'm sure only after Justin approved it . I thought there were 5 members in this group?If you want true R&B music with beautiful harmony pick up a Boyz 2 Men CD , that 's real music .
 After being an N Sync fan for years now i am totally dissapointed . This album made me depressed when i listened to it . The other N Sync albums were very nice and upbeat which made them good to dance to . The new album is not what I expected , after listening to a few songs on the cd I had to turn it off . I did finish listening later and was still dissapointed . Just how many songs can you write about a girl leaving you . The beats sounded similar on a lot of the tracks . I would not reccommend this cd to any person that does not suffer from depression .
 Now I WAS a die-hard nsync fan . Until I heard this CD . It has no creativity . None at all . I loved the song pop and that was the only good one . They have not matured at all they sound exactly alike their last CD . I would not recommed this CD to anyone . I was a total waste of time and money . They put out the CD just so they could break their old record you can really tell they spent no time at all on this CD . Thanx for reading .
 Can someone honestly tell me that this clone boyband 's music will be heard years from now ? This is music created to capitalize off of the trend the Backstreet Boys created back in the mid 90 's . None of this music will be remembered . These songs like `` Pop '' and `` Gone '' are middle of the road pop jibberish . I mean at least the Backstreet Boys have a timeless classic in `` I Want It That Way '' . They also sing live and dont focus on cheesy dance routines all the time like Nsync . The ONLY reason these so called `` Artists '' sold so many records is because of their looks and marketing . MTV does wonders for people with little to no talent . Just ask Milli Vanilli , Vanillia Ice , Marky Mark , New Kids on the Block , Britney Spears , Eminem , etc. .
 This CD was a big disapiontment for me , I thought since Dirty Pop is such an awesome song that the rest of the album would be just as great , right ? WRONG ! Now if you 're a rabid N'sync fan you wo n't give a damn if the album sucks ... . this is just a warning for all you people thinking Dirty Pop must not be the only good song on here ... . when it is . Do n't be a victim ! Say no to Celebrity !
 I used to be an * N Sync fan back in the day , not a fanatic but just a fan of their music . Once this CD came out I thought about possibly buying it til I heard most of it at a record store and I was ashamed to have liked their music . The song `` Pop '' is n't even that good , but needless to say that was their only good song on that CD . It is best to just save your money . Justin is doing better without the guys .
 Serioulsly , that Limp Bizkit Fan is on crack . I mean that punk does ` nt even know what speed metal is , even if it hit him upside his head . N'sync is not and I repeat NOT SPEED METAL , they 're nothin but pathetic MTV/pop garbage along with Limp Crapface , Drunkstreet Dorks , and Puke Mouth . I 'm f**k in glad they 're history . If you want real speed metal , listen to Slayer , Anthrax , Sepultura , Metallica , Kreator , Megadeth , Testament , Overkill , Arch Enemy , Iced Earth , Exodus , and Possessed.One last word to Limp Bizkit Fan : GET A LIFE MOTHERF ** KER !!
 If you like whiny , falsetto voices , then this album is for you . Justin Timberlake could have been a male soprano in the opera with a few years of practice .
 This cd was very dissapointing . I excpected a new sound for n'sync . Maybe some more R&B ; less OOH BABY more good music . I only liked a few songs . Most of them were ballads -LRB- which I am not a huge fan of . -RRB- The other boys need to step up front and sing a little more . JC and Justin do most of the singing . I barely ever hear any of Lance , Joey or Chris . I understand JC and Justin are the lead singers , but this is just my opinion . All of the songs are the same as the last cd ! Recommended favorites are ... Tell Me , Tell Me ... BabyGirlfriendDo your thingInstead I recommend Justified by Justin Timberlake .
 I ve always been an nsync fan , since their beggining , and I always thought of them as the most down to earth ppl in showbiz but now it hurts me to c all of it going away ! they did fall into the mature trap ! I never thought this would happen to nsync , they should know better than that , they did just like others -LRB- e.g spice girls and sum others -RRB- they all want 2 look older to win the older ppl or critics , whats so bad of beeing a teen pop icon or a boyband ? as long as u r making people happy and brighten up many days , they were just simple guys who knew how to sing , they won hearts without the fancy clothes and the technology edge , no strings attached and thier first were really great albums that I couldnt stop playing , but with this one , which I was really waiting for , was a total disappointment , i never though that I would skip through the songs like I did with this one , it shows that nsync didnt really work on that as hard as they did on the 2nd . I hope they figure this out and treat us with a better offering next time , cuz i will always give them a chance ! oh yeah , the only ones I liked were-pop , , something like you , and tell me tell me , and the extra which was the best -- that girl wull never be mine , but the song celebrity is just a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- !
 this is the worst band ever . please do n't buy their records . thanks a lot
 I 'm a 42-year-old Mom who loves NSync . I loved `` No Strings Attached , '' so of course I thought `` Celebrity '' would be a winner . WRONG ! I listened to the CD last night and was soooo disappointed . The lyrics were awful and just about all the songs sounded the same . No ballads . No creativity . Zippo ! A preschooler could rhyme better . My 13-year-old son did a quick review this morning and said most of the music had Michael Jackson electronic tricks plugged in . NSync will make a boat load of cash on the fans who purchased their previous CD 's , but I do n't plan on wasting any more of my money on new ones . Parents beware . Check Amazon.com before purchasing CD 's for your kids .
 The music group , 'N Sync usually have an exceptionally great sound . This album does not showcase their chops , however and is somewhat dissapointing ! Two songs -LRB- `` Just Do n't Tell Me That '' , `` Tell Me , Tell Me ... Baby '' -RRB- stay close to their roots but the rest is very different , which is not a bad thing , but two thirds of the new stuff gets old pretty quick . The only new-sounding song on the album worth your money is `` Girlfriend . ''
 Even though I love * Nsync to death , this album did not come out the way I thought . I was hoping for more songs like Bye , Bye , Bye and This I Promise You . Instead we are stuck with 13 songs that all sound alike and not too many love songs . Pop , the first single , is a great song , but all the other songs follow in the same funky style beat . Pop made me believe they were stonger musically . When I listened to the other songs , it sounded as if they were whining about there lives and wer n't looking for a change .
 Even though I love * Nsync to death , this album did not come out the way I thought . I was hoping for more songs like Bye , Bye , Bye and This I Promise You . Instead we are stuck with 13 songs that all sound alike and not too many love songs . Pop , the first single , is a great song , but all the other songs follow in the same funky style beat . Pop made me believe they were stonger musically . When I listened to the other songs , it sounded as if they were whining about there life and wer n't looking for a change .
 hated it , what is this n sync sounds like new edition in 2000 . more white boys tryin to sound black . they put something in that pop .
 Simply some of the worst ehhhh ... music on the planet . If they decided to play live in my driveway , I 'd call the police and have them arrested ...
 what talent was there in making this cd . all they did was sing parts written by other people to beats made by computers run by other people . in short nsync did not make this cd their writers did . its like a movie . the actors didnt make the movie the producers , writers , and directors did . they dont have talent . if you want talent go listen to any classic rock or some thrash metal like metallica or slayer . they actually write their own music and play instruments . to end this review nsync is not a band they are pawns of the record company .
 i borrowed this CD from someone , listened to 4 songs , and gave it right back . the lyrics are ok , but otherwise this cd has nothing . the music is AWFUL , the voices -LRB- other than JC -RRB- are pathetic , and the whole thing is blah . Every song sounds like the others and it gets worse - do these guys know about ANYTHING other than breaking up with girls ? And how can people say these guys are even even remotely cute ? ugh ... If only we 're lucky enough , this `` pop life '' - or at least N * Sync - will be gone soon . At least they 're not 16 ... they 'll be too old pretty soon -LRB- case in point Debbie - uh , Deborah - Gibson -RRB- . the cd itself is n't worth the cost .
 I got this CD 2 days after it came out thinking that it was gon na be some great thing . It sounds like all their other CDs just with different words to their songs . They use no real instruments , and Justin and JC are the only ones that sing , how stale is that ? I want some variety and I did n't feel I got any at all from this CD whatsoever . The group might as well be called JC and Justin cuz the other guys are basically just back up singers . I ca n't tell one song from the other . The only song that I really do like is `` Something Like You '' , it has some meaning . So , in my opinion , this CD is not worth all the hype . But if you 're that big on * N Sync I 'm sure you will like it .
 Ok ... Definitly not up to standards . I have to admit that they have had some great songs in the past , but this album is a fall from anything they 've done . I am not a boyband fan , but I 'd stick with Backstreet Boys .
 ... and N * Sync does n't deserve ANY ! Before I go on I will say this
 N sync is part of the worst genre ever . Every time I hear one of these songs my faith in humanity drops substantialy.DONT BUY THIS ALBUM .
 I thought they said `` celebrity '' would be different from `` No Strings Attached ? `` Nope.It still sounds the same.Justin and J.C. are still the only ones that sing -LCB- figures -RCB- . Plus , `` Pop '' is so annoying and dumb , I barely get what they are trying to make a point of.At least the Backstreet Boys can try different sounds and still sound good .
 This latest effort by America 's favorite plastic boys is nothing but another crushing blow for music itself . How long are we going to let coporate creations rule the airwaves ?
 There was some smart marketing done for this album . The first single `` Dirty Pop '' sounds similar to the songs off No Strings Attached showing that NSync has once again written catchy dance/pop songs . However , this single does n't fit with the rest of the CD . All of the songs are completely different and do n't have the same dance/pop feel as songs in their past . While that is n't always a bad thing since it means that the group is growing in the abilities , I just feel that consumers are being mislead into buying the album believing that it will be No Strings Attached Part 2 . The rest of the CD is pretty boring with little other songs that are worth listening to . I found myself moving to the next song because I got bored with the current one . The group used too much digital equipment and vocoders that ruined the songs . They should have confidence in their ability to harmonize and stay away from electronica . It does n't work for them .
 I Did n't buy the album , but my sister who is an NSYNC junkie went out an bought it this morning and I had to listen to it in the car like 6 times . Anyways ... I do n't suggest buying it . It 's got it 's perks ... like the catchy `` PoP '' and `` Celebrity '' but as a whole the album has the same sound as their previous `` No Strings Attatched '' For all the hype that was put on this album it was dissapointing in the end . I do not suggest purchasing `` Celebrity '' because you can just pop in `` No Strings Attatched '' and save your self $ 15 , I mean they are practically the same ... Same drippy love ballads , same Nothing but Tecno songs ... same Justin and JC sing everything and leave the other three members in he dust ... . This album really is n't worth it .
 first off I was big fan of nsync . . but not any more ... its like all they say on tv is how many albums they think hey are going to sell . . so is that is what its all about selling more albums to make money ... and let the music suffer ... well that is what this is ... total awful ... come on guys ... this is all you have ... to offer us . . I was excited . . to get the album ... but listening to it realized it is not all that ... I mean no strings attached . . was so good . . celebrity is just to make money ... and its so obvious . . the music is awful ... how disappointing so people save your money ... nsync just wants to make money now . . thats it ... I hate to say it but its going to be over soon for them if they keep on putting crap like this out . . sorry . .
 Artistry is truly dying . The apocalypse is near with manufactured , over-produced , puppets like these leading the way . Anyone that believes any of these walking corporate money vacuums has even an ounce of `` musical '' ability is kidding themselves . Music is art , it 's creation from somebody 's passion , pain , or happiness , and expressed through song . N'SYNC , Ms. Spears , BSB , and the rest of the robots with the exact same sound and lyrics are an absolute disgrace to every true musician working today . Anyone that disagree 's should try to listen to real music , you might like it .
 I hate this Cd . I borrowed it from my town 's library and the only two songs that I actually thought were OK were `` Pop '' and `` Tell Me , Tell Me ... Baby '' . The rest of the songs are terrible ! One thing I did n't like about the album version of `` Pop '' is that the album version was so much longer because of those computerized rapping-like noises at the end . That was just ridiculous ! Where the heck did they come up with that , anyway ? I absolutely ca n't stand * N Sync 's new single , either which is `` Gone '' . It 's not even a song that JC sings ... it 's all Justin ! Justin has the most horrible , whiny , annoying voice I 've ever heard . ... All the ballads are boring and bland and none of the songs have any real meaning or depth . All the songs make you wan na do is get up and dance . Yeah sure , that 's great . But that 's not what music is all about . ... They tried to make different sounds with their music such as hip-hop and techno but that only made this Cd even more horrible because it was so screwed up . And sorry , guys - but you ca n't write your own music so please leave the songwriting to hitmakers like Max Martin , Rami , and Diane Warren so you guys can concentrate on your looks and promoting your music -LRB- he ! he ! he ! -RRB- . ` Celebrity ' is just full of computerized and digital music ... . It 's not worth listening to . It 's not as though * N Sync can even harmonize well or have good vocals ! ... . Do n't buy ` Celebrity ' !
 I could barely hear Justin Timberlake 's voice . I was so disappointed . Save your money and make an intelligent choice on your music . I 'm starting to listen to more intelligent music , like blonde redhead , melody for certain damaged lemons , and other indy favorites , as I go from elementary school to junior high .
 All of the songs sound like it 's just one person is singing on them . This is what a group sound like ?
 As a father with a daughter that loves N * SYNC , I have to say this CD is terrible . I have taken my daughter to see them 2x . The first after the release of their debut . Although I do not care for any of their music , each album seems to have gone downhill . Of course it will sell millions because they are N * SYNC -LRB- the teenage girls lust after them -RRB- and they did shameless promotion of the CD at their recent concert here in Oakland . It was like sitting through a 90 minute commercial for N * SYNC ! Truly awful.This CD is overproduced with electronic noise and sound effects . Shallow lyrics , boring songs and 2 band members seem to be the key singers . Girls will still love this album , even though there is not an ounce of musical talent on it ! I ca n't wait for the boy-band craze to die !
 I guess `` The Two Of Us '' is passable , but skates dangerously close to filler as does `` Pop '' . Thank goodness it 's somewhat catchy ... The absolute filler tracks though , are
 While I think it 's great that the guys write alot of their own material and produce alot of their own songs , this CD is the worst I 've bought in quite some time . I 'm not an * N SYNC basher , I have been a fan since before most people even knew who they were -LRB- 6 years ago -RRB- . The only reason I gave this CD 2 stars is for `` Gone '' which has nice vocals and is an all-around awesome song . The whole `` dirty pop '' thing is overdone . How about going back to good ballads and REAL danceable songs ?? I applaud them for trying to mature their sound , but they are going in the wrong direction . I 'll gladly listen to any other * NSYNC CD but the only thing I 'll be doing with my copy of Celebrity is using it as a coaster ...
 i bought this having high hopes from previous albums , N'Sync and No Strings Attatched . Those two albums were great . However Celebrity just falls short . If you 're expecting a pop sound like their first album , you 're gon na get a more R&B flavor ... Now the guys from N'Sync actually write their own songs -LRB- Justin and JC mostly -RRB- ... They should go back to their old ways and just sing because they cant write songs . there are some good tracks , POP and Up AGAINST THE WALL are probalbly the best ones , the rest are just average to bad . This sounds kinda weird but i thought THE GAME IS OVER sounded like DIGITAL GET DOWN from NO STRINGS ATTATCHED . Well whatever , no matter how bad this album is people will still buy it because its NSYNC . Come on NSYNC you guys can do better next time
 I was so excited to get the CD ! My parents bought my sister and I each one so we would n't fight over them . When I listened to it I was so sick to my stomach that I told my mom to sell it ... . It sounded like a bunch of junk . Who wants to hear about a bunch of guys that get cheese everyday ? Do n't waste your time buying this CD . I look at them in a whole different way . These guys are only in it for the money and do n't even care about the message they are sending out to kids today .
 need i say more ? again , like the last album `` no strings attached '' , `` celebrity '' is another studio synthesized/manufactured one . if offers no quality music whatsoever . i have this CD and i 'm ashamed of myself for even still having it.btw , the name of this album is very pompous do n't u think ?? well , these guys sure are n't anymore , not counting JT , who 's a little over his head w/his dumb music
 Comon people listen to some music with soul and meaning . Buy Guns 'N Roses Use your Illusion albums . They rock and they 'll blow you away musically . They have guys who play their own instruments in it , and play them very well . Please do n't let music like this reign the charts anymore . It is a scam by the record companies for them to make s ** tloads of money . They give you this sleek `` appealing '' commercial trash used to fool you and get YOUR MONEY !!! These guys are not musicians ! Please listen to real music . Their are starving musicians everywhere around the world who deserve to get paid before these little droids do .
 Though I enjoyed NSA , this album got a little TOO creative and went over the top in production with synthesized/artifical sounds . A lot of the fast tempos have virtually the same beat and the same theme , in which they are basically angry at girls for cheating , lying , etc. . They seem to have realized how popular `` bye , bye , bye '' was , and then expanded its lyrics on nearly every uptempo . And `` Gone '' basically spells out a soolo career for Justin , as he sings practically all the leads . And the lack of good songs on `` Celebrity '' also shows that their songwriting -LRB- JC/Justin co-wrote many songs -RRB- needs some major work . Of course , the best is when you write your own song AND its a good song , but between writing bad songs on your own vs. singing a good song written by someone else , I 'd pick the latter .
 this album is well ... lets put it in a good way-crap . sry sad but true . makin an album like this does n't have to take talents . b/c the truth is , these guyz ca n't sing . the whole thing is very computerized , 'n the lyrics have no meanin watsoever . trust me , i use to be a huge nsync fan , but i grow out of 'em long time ago . do n't buy this , it 's NOT worth it
 If you have this CD do yourself a favor and return it . IT sucks beyond belief . And when you return get a Freakin Nirvana CD It leaves this CD in the dirt
 Alright , i 'm 15 and it looks like i 'm the most mature person reviewing so far . I actually had to listen to this heap of trash - and i dont see how anyone can stand this . they try too hard to be techno , and it doesnt work . even though they have the musical genius of BT -LRB- which i 've lost all respect for since he worked on n sync -RRB- it still doesnt work . i can understand why people liked no strings attached - i do admit some of it was catchy . but i dont see how anyone could stand this record . after all , do you think people buy this album because they like the music ? hormones started boy bands but real music will put them to a death . its just boy band trash - if boy bands could come out with good music than i 'd buy the cd . the quality just isnt there . recyled lyrics and glam photos are all found on this cd . oh yea n sync wrote some of the songs on the cd ! well , uh , thats not saying much . they are some of the worst lyrics ive heard . typical boy bands ... when will it ever end ... i hope and pray this is their last album . i cant take any more of these stupid girls saying how they are going to marry justin timberlake and how they have the best album there . anyone who bought this album seriously needs to be exposed to better music .
 this cd was a total dissapointment . . i really dont like NSync anymore .
 I started out being a big nsync fan , but their music keeps getting worse as each album comes out . On their new CD , Celebrity , the songs are all the same with pointless lyrics . Their style has really gone down . If you 're considering this cd , do n't buy it unless you want to waste your time , and money .
 I 've been a fan of N'sync for a pretty long time and I have all their songs , but this CD was a HUGE disappointment . First of all , it 's not `` NEW '' pop ; it 's five white boys trying to sing a screwed up combination of R&B , techno , soul , pop , and alternative . Secondly , this is supposed to be a 5 member group , NOT Justin Timberlake and his posse of four . I have never heard Justin 's whiny , high-pitched voice for so long in my life . Of the 50 minutes one this CD , Justin probably sings solo for 40 of them . I know he 's the most popular one ; but can anyone say overexposure ? Gone was probably one of the few songs that saved me from giving this CD on star . Gone has decent lyrics but again it 's just a solo jor justin until 3:30 into the song when everyone else comes in . Do n't pay mind to these other reviews from rabid , crazy N'sync fans who 'll give them 5 stars even if they sang nursery rhymes . Take it from me , an objective music and former N'sync fan , this CD is not worth it .
 CD BREAKDOWN
 N'Sync 's new music single , entitled ` Pop , ' seems to be the group 's rebuttal to all its detractors . In reality , ` Pop ' is a condemnation of substance , and celebration of the hype machine that fuels the group 's success . N'Sync 's opening salvo is a sugary as a bag of C&H . It goes : `` Sick and tired of hearin all these people talk about What 's the deal with this pop life and when is it gon na fade out The thing you got to realize , what we 're doin ' is not a trend We 've got the gift of melody , we 're gon na bring it till the end `` A trend is certainly what it is , one that comes around every 10 to 12 years or so . Which , amazingly enough , is exactly when young girls begin to have a few dollars to spend on music that is as plastic and unreal as the Barbies they just put down.My problem with N'Sync lies in the fact that they are manufactured , like a toaster , or a car . While that may not be such a bad thing it you want to buy a cheep toaster , there are certain things that do n't benefit from being mass produced . Art , literature and music are three things that have not benefited from being turned out like so many Big Macs . What N'Sync 's handlers , i.e. producers , song writers and managers , have done is taken pieces of molded plastic and constructed a boy band for the masses . A little pinch of cuteness , another of unimaginative lyrics and a few boring dance steps and the 12 year olds will lap it up like so much Nestle Quik . It 's a brilliant idea , if you want to empty the wallets of every parent whose child just has to have the latest N'Sync album , keychain , poster , apron ; mousepad , sticker , pen cap ; 8x10 glossy , and ` Teen People ' with their picture on the cover . This could run into some serious money . The song continues : `` It does n't matter About the car I drive or what I wear around my neck All that matters That you recognize it 's just about respect It does n't matter About the clothes I wear and where I go and why All that matters Is that you get hype and we 'll do it too ya everytime `` The word ` Hype ' is quite apropos , since all that N'Sync is has been built around hype . Hype has carried them when their singing abilities have n't . Hype has carried them when their bland songs have n't . And hype has carried them when their nonexistent personalities have n't either . But , for how much longer you ask ? Not much by my calendar . See , the teenyboppers who supported N'Sync 's rise to the marketing mountain are growing up , and learning that good music does n't come out of a factory . They are coming to terms with who they are , and they are shedding their old ideas for those with more substance.What the N'Sync boys have failed to realize is that they are n't the great artists that they have come to believe they are . Their music wo n't grow because it is already in its fully formed stage . However , N'Sync wo n't realize this because they are constantly surrounded by yes men who love everything that they do , as long as it 's marketable . And that 's what it comes down to . N'Sync is not an artistic group of young men portraying their inner feelings in their music . They are a marketing ploy , a shinny new toy on Christmas morning that breaks by noon.Art is created by those who understand their medium and use it to convey their feelings to the world . N'Sync is a committee that goes through the motions and plays the part of artists . There is nothing of themselves in their music , and so it is devoid of any humanity and feeling , essential elements in art . What we do have is a toaster , an object built for one purpose and one purpose only , to make millions of dollars . As such N'Sync is a great success , but only as such . In the end , it really does n't matter how many records they sell or how much money they make . What matters is that fifty or a hundred years from now people will still be talking about Elvis , The Beatles , Hendrix , Nirvana , Michael Jackson , along with other great artists of the last five decades . Where will N'Sync be ? They will be on the ash heap of musical history , where others such as Pat Boone , Wayne Newton , Poison and The New Kids on the Block reside , never to be spoken of again .
 I had recently bought the new Nsync CD , entitled `` Celebrity '' and was not impressed . You are probley thinking that I am not an Nsync fan , but I bought ALL there CD 's to date and went to the Pop Oddessey tour.This CD does n't show much vocal ability . It is all computerized -LRB- yes , even their voices for about 40 % of the CD -RRB- Some people may be a fan of computerized-electroniclal voices , but im not . I am more of a `` No Strings Attached '' fan . I thought that CD was great!POP - This song is probley the single that will be the biggest one off this album . It is catchy , and has a point behind it . `` Pop music is here to stay so get with it , or get over it ! '' I agree with it 's baseline.CELEBRITY - This song is in one word `` Different '' It makes them sound like crybabies . Most of the lines are hinting at a `` selfish '' attitude.THE GAME IS OVER - This song is very childish . They say that their sound is matured , but how mature can a bunch of video game sounds in the background seem mature ?? This song is just basicaly breaking up with a girlfriend.GIRLFRIEND - This song I like . It is very RnBish and is a new type of sound for Nsync and music in general ! Should be a single!THE TWO OF US - This song is very poppy . Light natured , and calm/peacefull . Written by JC , I think he might be expecting to get nominated for song writing like Beyonce of Destiny 's Child did at the 2001 Grammy 's . I would n't hold my breathe though!GONE - The next Nsync single . Pretty good song , I like it , but I do n't know how much airplay it will get when `` boyband '' rivals the Backstreet Boys -LRB- their latest CD , Black & Blue is awesome ! -RRB- release their next single `` Get Another Boyfriend '' which is a fast catchy pop rnb single.TELL ME , TELL ME ... BABY - This song is ULTRA SPECIAL EFFECTS ! Infact , i Think they used a little TOO much as im sure you will agree . Though Its not a bad song!UP AGAINST THE WAY - I feel it was just put on the CD to fill a spot ! No true point to it.SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU - Sounds like 6 other songs on this CD.SELFISH - Cool RnB ballad . Very good!JUST DO N'T TELL ME THAT - Sounds like a song that can be found on the previous record `` No Strings ... '' It 's an `` OK '' song.SOMETHING LIKE YOU - A slow song . `` OK '' song though !! DO YOUR THING - Sounds like part 2 to `` The Two Of Us '' . Basically , this CD has song after song that sound the same . HAHA , one might think they had bought a single with the same song on it , just remixed a little different on each track ! I would n't reccomend buying it , but if you are not an Nsync fan , and are thinking about trying this CD out , do n't waste your time or money !
 This album is awful it is just another talentless band created by a greedy record executives just to fatten their wallets and stomachs . This cd put me to sleep . i think its to for Nstynk to break up .
 Pop music is on the decline . N Sync proves this point through their bland , artificially synthesized track `` Pop , '' where they reveal their insecurity about their current fad-star status . They cleverly try to brainwash their teeny-bopper fans by declaring pop is `` not a trend . '' N Sync 's days at the top are numbered and even they know as they try to declare otherwise , that they 're about to crash and burn like Milli Vanilli , Vanilla Ice , MC Hammer , and NKOTB . The Backstreet Boys are already imploding . N Sync should n't be far behind . To try and compare this piece of processed corporate plastic is blasphemy of the lowest order , and the only reason they get one star is because Amazon does n't allow to give negative stars . -5 stars
 Nsync only deserves one award , the worst band acheivemnet since , well even before time . They do n't write their own music , they do n't play any instruments , and they just stink like poo . if u want to hear some REAL music , listen to some rock/punk / style music .
 you must really love nsync to appreciate a little their music.although i feel they 're gettin ' less borin ' , their pop music is ... special . there are some good stuffs in their music , but the lyrics ai n't made to be sang on.it 's a shame to let a rather good music to a band like nsync.they succed because of the support of crazy female fans , that 's all . i bet girls do n't even listen to nsync 's music ... i 'm sorry for them , they have no real talent !!
 OK , even though I am an anti- * N SYNC fan , I have to admit that I have listened to all of their CDs . I actually own their self-titled debut -LRB- when they were actually a decent group -RRB- , and my little sister has NO STRINGS ATTACHED and CELEBRITY -LRB- which I 've borrowed quite a lot just to see what all the fuss is about * N SYNC -RRB- . I have to say that CELEBRITY is even worse than NO STRINGS ATTACHED , and I had thought NSA was as bad as music could get . * N SYNC tried to get new different sounds with each song on CELEBRITY but it all just sounds totally screwed up in the end - you ca n't even tell which is * N SYNC 's original sound . There 's too much mixing with techno , pop , R&B , and hip-hop that it gets totally confusing . What 's * N SYNC gon na do next ? Latin ?! The lyrics are so childish , lame , and pre-mature that it is n't funny . Now , I have to also admit that I am a huge fan of teen pop including most of the boybands , but I just ca n't stand * N SYNC . I mean , just look at the lyrics for the song `` Celebrity '' ! * N SYNC are trying to say that they are not a trend and are not a wash-out , wannabe Backstreet Boys band . But in reality , they are . Listen to the song `` Pop '' , and you 'll understand what I mean . All * N SYNC sings about are sexy girls , making out with them , and breaking up but then wanting to get back together with them . C'mon , guys - ever hear of variety ? Just because they have the two biggest-selling albums in music history does n't mean they are the best band out there . I mean , probably half the people who bought their CDs ended up tossing them out or giving them away because they did n't like 'em . I can predict that in a few years , * N SYNC CDs will be the top CDs in used CD music stores . Oh , and by the way , the guys of * N SYNC are all UGLY ! Seriously - especially Justin and JC . Plus , they ca n't carry a tune . They can not harmonize , either . All they care about is image and staying on top so they can get richer and more popular than the Backstreet Boys . They ca n't even write their own music or play their own instruments . And all their music is completely digital and computerized . * N SYNC puts on bad tours and concerts and their music videos are just weird and do n't go along with the songs . They get people attracted to them by promoting so much and making their music danceable . The only thing * N SYNC has going well for them is their dancing ability - but even their dancing is a bit childish and silly . I do not recommend this album or anything by * N SYNC at all .
 OK , so do you really love MUSIC ? Are you `` sure '' ? Well , if `` yes '' read on and if no `` DO N'T '' . First of all , there is absolutely NOTHING in this album which is worth liking . If you really want to listen to a boy-band who can sing , then opt for Westlife or Backstreet Boys ; not * NSYNC.I 'm sure you wo n't get to listen to individual voices beacuse there are n't any ! Ha ! Everything is so tech-ie that you do n't actually get to hear individual voices.Secondly , `` looking '' cool is n't not always music . Just look at Westlife or even Boyzone . I 'm sure those guys are nearly not as cool as these * NSYNC fellows . But these guys can hardly sing , or should I say you hardly get to hear their `` non-modified '' voices.Finally , a sincere advice . If you value your bucks and do n't wan na spend it on something useless , `` DO N'T BUY THIS ALBIUM !!! `` Even if you do you 'll regret it later.What , do n't believe me ? Think I 'm stupid old fellow , well here 's a deal - Just listen to the sample tracks on this page and you 'll know what I mean!That 's all , thanks for reading !
 * NSync 's Celebrity CD is not as good as I personally thought it would be . The only part of the CD that was worth it , was `` Pop . '' That is the best song on the CD . If you have `` No String 's Attached '' and you do n't like slow songs , I would recommend not getting `` Celebrity . ''
 Ok I must admit , I love music , but I ca n't love it all.This boy band craze has gone overboard . I 'm not meaning to rave on and on about the bad points on certain bands and do n't mean to offend anyone but open your ears.Do you actually enjoy listening to Justin repeat `` Dirty Pop '' throughout the whole song?They then co-write some of the songs to show that they actually have a passion for music . NOT going to work.Sure they can sing and dance , I 'll give 'em credit for that but they sing anything that is put in front of them.They tried to ditch the pop sound and add a little bit of hip-hop into the album with `` Up Against the Wall '' and `` Dirty Pop '' , while still clinging onto their ballads like `` Selfish . `` NSYNC was ok in the beginning but they 're just another boy band . They 're annoying themselves . Say `` Bye Bye Bye '' to them !
 For months , I 've been trying to sum up my opinion on N'Sync 's `` Celebrity '' set.Everyone from music snobs to hardcore N'Sync haters were boasting of how great this album was.The first coupleof listens was n't so spectular but after a good , final listen , I think I 've came up with some kind of conclusion : N'Sync 's `` Celebrity '' , like most teen-targeted pop , is overproduced , whiny , and very corperate YET a lot of the album works well because N'Sync tries to venture out of the standard teen-pop hole and try to adapt to more adventrous gernes such as R&B , hip hop , and even two-step . Justin Timberlake and J.C. Chavez still seem to be the only ones singing but again , for a lot of the album it works because both are soulful and determined sounding . `` Celebrity '' starts out with a bang.With the glitzy techno-inspired hissy-fit `` Pop '' whcih explodes with whiny vocals , `` We 've had enough '' - style posing , and a slight '80s flavor.Concluding with a distorted beatbox from Timberlake , this song is the first stunner.After that is the funky Rodney Jerkins-produced title track which rides on a jerky , funky beat and anti-goldigger lyrics.Another stunner.But then we fall off the track with the gimmicky `` The Game Is Over '' which features a Pac-Man sample.Next.But the savory Neptunes-produced groove of `` Girlfriend '' , the pleasant smiley faced `` two-step '' ditty `` Just The Two Of Us '' re-start the party RIGHT.N ` Sync then just go to unpredited heights with the haunting and soulful ballad `` Gone '' -LRB- A top 15 R&B hit -RRB- . With this song , N'Sync complety shatters the cynics who say that they ca n't sing , that they 're too white-bread , and that they ca n't deliver the musical goods.Now if N'Sync follows this example , then they 're be around for a while!After `` Gone '' though , we never really get moving again.It seems like the first half were the real songs and the second half was the standard boy band fare.Fireless ballads -LRB- `` Someone Like You '' : A 98 Degrees outtake , no ? ; `` Selfish '' -RRB- , tired filler -LRB- `` Up Against The Wall '' ; `` See Right Through You '' -RRB- , and obligotary Swede-pop -LRB- Max Martin 's `` Tell Me Tell Me Baby '' ; `` Just Do n't Tell Me That '' -RRB- round out the disc which for the except for the breezy `` Do Your Thing '' never seems gets off of the ground.It 's obvious that N'Sync really tired to make an album that was still teen-approved but credible enough -LRB- this explains the strong material on `` Celebrity '' 's first half -RRB- to put their critics in check.They almost succeed BUT the hackeneyed mush slows down `` Celebrity '' 's otherwise good progress.Yet even though this really is n't my type of music -LRB- I love EVERYTHING ; I 'm VERY open-minded -RRB- , I think N'Sync will probably have a longer shelf-life then the other already-wilted Flordia teen pop machines .
 Ok , ive read some stuff about these guys on how they 're supposedly `` Very holy '' ... Yea ok , I do n't hear any praising or worshipping in this album ... just love songs and girls and stupid stuff like that ... live how you write that u do guys ... For any people who actually wan na hear good music that sounds somewhat like these fakes , check out some DC Talk , Supertones , and the Newsboys .
 NSync first really good album was `` No Strings Attached '' it was catchy with wonderful dance musice and ballads . Now comes the much anticipated `` Celebrity '' what a let down . Thought that this album would be a step up for NSync instead it was a step down . Seems like the boys do n't sing enough , and are very ego oriented in the song `` Celebrity '' . I love NSync but ... was very disappointed in this album . Hope the next is back on track and better then `` Celebrity ''
 I only HAD to hear this breifly because of friend of my enjoys pop . I did not like it at all . If you like music other than pop you will hate this , personaly I do . They do n't play there own instruments or write there own music , and they did n't even form the `` band '' themselves.Sorry * nsync fans but this mad me want t puncture my own eardrums that is if the music doesnt do it .
 After buying all three N SYNC albums and their christmas album , I think that Celebrity is the worst one . For a vocal group that has so much talent , and can harmonize so well together - they have totally abandoned their strongest asset for a techno , hip hop technique . The songs quickly begin to wear on your nerves and make you want to return to their original self-titled album which was by far their best work as a group , although there are many good tracks on No Strings Attached as well .
 if you take away the Self made Group what would you have?between the predictable FOrmula of the song structures & vocals nothing here is worth even talking about.it should n't take 4 folks or 5 to sing these songs.but as long as folks are n't about challenging themselves Musically they will follow any trend.there will be another 10-20 Groups like this nothing Original or worthy to say about them.as long as TRL&MTV can control the playlist these type of Acts have HOPE BUT NOT MUCH ELSE TO FALL back on .
 NSync has just kept getting worse over the years . their latest radio offering `` Pop '' has to be the most hypocritcal thing I 've heard since I left private school . They can dance but little more . Celebrity and most of No Strings are a complete waste of money and time . The bigger these boys get the more money they make but the quality is -LSB- bad -RSB- . Avoid this CD .
 I hated NSYNC and being a guy , it is my right but then that ever so catchy tune called '' Pop '' and well , I had to buy it . What I found was the most heavily produced and voice altering CD I have heard ! Between the sampling and digital crap , you can hardly make out the lyrics which is probably best . If they do n't want to be a boy band , they can do two things
 After listening to 'N Sync 's new album , Celebrity , I have to say that I am a little disappointed . While it is definitely a step ahead -LRB- and ONLY a step mind you -RRB- of Backstreet Boy 's Black and Blue album , it is definitely not the `` innovative , new , in your face '' material that they promised while promoting the album . It is basically their old stuff with techno added in . The only `` new '' thing about it is that they actually wrote -LRB- or rather co-wrote -RRB- some of the tracks , which in itself is a perfect example of why `` boy bands '' should stick to professional songwriters . While they have more musical knowledge and passion for their work than the Backstreet Boys , sadly , it does not show in this album . The lyrics are repetitive of their earlier material , the vocals lack truth and passion , and the `` instrumentation '' -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- from one song to the next is indistinguishable . Hopefully they can reach their full potential with their next album ... and you know there WILL be a next one .
 I have all the other Nsync CD 's and I went to their Pop Oddessey Tour and I was really looking forward to this CD . Personally , I think that it is terrible . All the tracks sound the same , Justin 's voice is really whiny , and it just does n't sound good . Not to forget that it mostly sounds fake , because their voices are computerized in the begining of all the songs just about . Do n't waste your money . I hope the Backstreet Boys will realize that the new Nsync CD isnt good and that they do n't go down this path with their new cd out early 2002 .
 SS ... SSS ... S. . . sUCKY CD fOLKS-BUY IT NOW
 This album is not good either coming off their biggest album of their career `` No Strings Attached '' , they released `` Celebrity '' in July 2001 and it debuted with strong numbers . If I remember I think it was 1.8 Million copies but as I said about the Teen Bubble this album showed signs it was ending here especially since it did n't stay on the charts that long or that it only sold 5 million versus 11 million their previous album sold . Also this album did n't get as much press after it was released . Unfortunatly for them they will go down with all the other teen idols as has beens .
 What in the world is this junk ? It 's not worth it . Do n't buy it
 I couldnt even get through this cd once . All the songs sound exactly the same . The lyrics are nonsensical and mindless.A good buy for wastin your money .
 Toro
 Celebrity by n sync is one of the worst albums and that 's my final word.WHO 'S THIS DUDE I LOVE MTV , HE IS THE CRANKY REVIEWER IN DISGUISE.Meanwhile a world without N'SYNC WOULD BE REALLY WONDERFUL.AVOID .
 PLEASE do n't ask why I am on an NSync page , when I should really be ordering the Ataris , Phantom Planet , Midtown , Weezer , the Get Up Kids , Saves the Day , & others . I guess I 'm here because I felt compelled to sufficiently grind the pop music industry into the dust , never to be seen again , and also I am bored , and I guess this is a good waste of my time.Now , on to the review.I want to know right now , why anyone would even CONSIDER coming within 5 feet of this cd , particularly with the intent of BUYING it . WHY ? WHY ?? WHY ??? Seriously , why ??????? I know a lot of people beg to differ , but I find it absolutely DISGUSTING the way my fellow reviewers have been saying `` omg ! n sync matured ! wow ! get this album ! it 's the best ! it totally rocks ! '' or `` not as good as the other albums '' or `` not as good as bsb '' GIVE ME A BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! First of all , if you are one of those people who love this cd , let me say that1 -RRB- I do n't care what you say , NSync is in the worst taste you could possibly have , it is electronic , contrived , false , revolting , & pretty much just awful2 -RRB- They do n't even play their own instruments ! One thing -LRB- ONE THING -RRB- I will give to Blink182 is the fact that they play their own instruments . -LRB- That is the only thing I will give to Blink182 , however , because like other pop music , Blink enjoys selling itself out for money , Z100 , MTV , and a million senseless fans -RRB- 3 -RRB- Do n't you even DARE to say that this is worse than BSB or the other NSync albums . I am fortunate enough to not know in the slightest WHAT you are talking about , but what I do know is that BSB & NSync are on the same level , and that level is PRETTY DARN LOW . So think about that .4 -RRB- This music is an utter and complete disgrace to the music industry in general , and if any of you knew what REAL music is , you would be very much surprised .5 -RRB- What is your idea of a good `` beat '' or good `` lyrics '' . . because I know for sure that your idea is definitely not the same as mine.In conclusion , if you love eating tar , breathing dust , and biting the bark off trees , you will love Pop Music . I am praying with all my might that one day this society will come to its senses , all these dumb boybands & their equally offensive female counterparts will die off , to the joy of everyone , and land the GOOD REAL GENUINE MUSIC the recognition it so very much deserves .
 Has the music industry really got to the point where talentless `` musicians '' who do n't even play their own instruments battle unoriginal rappers and good-bands turned blink 182 for supremacy on the Billboard charts . Its gotten so bad that i actually have to cheer for bad rap-metal bands -LRB- like Limp Bizkit -RRB- because they can actually play a single chord on a guitar . This CD and CDs like it are further proof why no one under 14 should be allowed to buy music . They have no taste and their impressionable minds are easily brainwashed by shiny objects and bright colors.In the future i envision dancers dancing to prerecorded beats dominating the charts . N'Sync gets 0 stars for inching us one step closer to the end of the world .
 This album when it was first released was so raunchy and unapologetically sex-maniacical and obsessed that it was banned from release in a number of countries including Singapore . It seemed every track was from a one-track mind with a foul-mouth that dared to put God and unbridled lust together in the same lyric whose shriveled up body seemed to be due to his squeezing out every last drop of his essence on anything that moved . Thankfully this undoubted talent would later progress and show that he was capable of other thoughts that rise above the baser primitive instincts of man and would show more lofty concerns on future albums such as the brilliant album Sign ` O ' the Times for example.This mini-lp replica sleeve -LRB- mlps -RRB- version though is a disappointment as the SHM-CD treatment of using a allegedly better reflective plastic material does little to improve the sound quality over previous releases . The mlps design too is a disappointment coming in thin , poor quality cardboard that is flimsily assembled looking like it will come apart easily once the glue gets old . 2 inner sleeves are provided corresponding to the original vinyl release which was a double lp although there is only one cd in this mlps package . A 16-page booklet containing all the lyrics in both English and Japanese is also included.No noticeable improvement in sound quality and a mediocre mlps design and assembly makes this certainly not good value for money and hence not recommended .
 People please take my advise please do not order from mediaWOOP ! I ordered a cd by Prince `` 1999 '' . It was described as NEW , but was not . It had been opened before and very poorly tried to shrink wrap it back to look like it had never been opened . Then to find out it is really from BMG music . MediaWOOP ! Is selling cd 's from BMG music company . BMG is a music club where you get seven free cd 's , except for shipping and taxes . Then if you want to stay in the club you have ten days to decide to keep the FREE seven cd 's . If you decide to stay in club and keep cd 's you just have to buy ONE more cd at regular price within a year . Then you get four more cd 's free FREE . The only reason they got one star from me is because the cd did n't seem scratched or damaged . It just was n't new . I do n't trust this seller ! Take your own risk , I did .
 I really did n't like i
 Hate i
 never received product . I contacted the seller 2 times and no response . I have filed a claim with Amazon to see about getting my money back . Seller had no problem charging my card asap .
 I knew after 1983 things would never be the same with Rock and Roll ever again . The music was becoming more clean sounding with technology more or less replacing the majority of musicians . This would be one of the first ones . I remember hearing the first single from this which was `` Little Red Corvette '' I still say probably one of Prince 's best songs , and the only other tune that 's passible is `` Let 's Pretend We 're Married '' . Everything else is horrible . The title track to me is a mindless , brainless dance tune , and I feel has no inadmissable value to life . Unfortunately , I guess the only way to get girls is to like this song . I also did n't take too much fancy to the other hit which was `` Delirious '' . I am somewhat disappointed with this as to me Prince is a gifted performer , and plays a decent guitar , so why go technical ? I just am appalled at the way music wound up , and it all started here .
 Slayer really took a step back when they produced this album . Pressured by a major label Arya 's vocals lack the usual intensity given in Reign in Blood and earlier albums . This is n't a typical Slayer album , and the songs take a much slower approach . If you like Arya 's usual vocals and Lomabardo 's speedy drum pace do n't pick up this album .
 . . but still fairly boring . ` Dissident Aggressor ' is the best track on the album , and they did n't write it!This album is proof positive that Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman could n't play the guitar , and should 've got a real job instead.Bottom Line
 I hate to toot my own horn here but I consider myself a world class guitar critic , kerry king is a guy who has slipped through the cracks . He is such an awful guitar player that he even admits it . He explains in one interview his `` random attrocity '' guitar method in which he plays notes , any notes , as fast as he can and then just goes wangly wangly waah with his whammy-bar . As far as the riffs go , not even I would put them onto a recording . the vocals of this band sound like CELTIC FROST on a jittery meth binge . come to think of it I 'd rather listen to CELTIC FROST . oh yeah this is their highest regarded album so that 's why I 'm a bashin ' .
 This album is terrible . Gives me a headache ! I like heavy music but there has to be some musical ability involved.This is probably the worst album ever recorded in the history of metal .
 i bought this cd over at z-records and i was hoping thois would be a good slayer album , its not i hated it with a passion , all the songs suck , exept 1 and thats why i gave it 1 stars , everyone knows what that 1 song is , thats the only highlight of the entire cd ... i was dissapointed , so i just put in some divine intervention .
 The 2007 releases of all these Slayer albums are absolutely crushed to hell , limited , and clipping in parts . They sound absolutely horrible . You CAN NOT turn them up without the treble piercing your ears . The bass hits harder on the early releases mastered by Barry Diament and the recordings are a ton more dynamic.The whole loudness war has just gone too far in reality . These DR5 and 6 recordings just pummel the sound until it is brickwalled and there are no dynamics left in the music . The Original still sounds great and is a DR12 recording ! Yeah , you read that right . Anything that goes beyond 7 is basically getting pretty trashy or mainly electronic in my book and even that is pushing things pretty far . Going into DR5 and 6 territory means you can not even see the wave in a graph anymore as it has been peak limited and pushed to a square . It really is a travesty of music exemplified by albums like Death Magnetic from Metallica.Everything sounds just loud . You can not tell kickdrum from bass riff or guitar when turned loud and they maul your ears at high volumes . Stay the hell away from the remasters . Slayer 's newer albums are also pushed way beyond reason . Barry Diament is pretty good at what he does and even a later 80s album mastered by him sounds miles better than crushed and mauled dynamics . If you ca n't find those early Defjam masters than I would suggest to look around on the net because they are easily available.I seriously can not even believe this is what people listen to these days . The ipod generation and corporate ignorance have destroyed music for so many bands.As for the album it is thrashy and beefier than many of their others . Has a medium to fast chug to it with some really nice kickdrums and solos interspersed . Can get fast or slower depending on the song . You can really tell Slayer was branching out a bit here and I think it was all for the better for this record anyway . Reign in Blood , this one , and Seasons are their best older records no question . I can not recommend the remaster though .
 I Love Slayer but for some reason I ca n't get into this album . . The cd does have two of the best Slayer songs ever . . War Ensemble and Seasons In The Abyss -LRB- which sound much more aggressive on the live album -RRB- . . but the rest of the album is just weak.Its like they tried to mix south of heaven with reign in blood but it just did n't work . . I guess its Tom 's new singing style . . I wish he would go back to the old reign in blood , hell awaits style . .
 I felt this album was a low point for Slayer . In a sense its like Metallicas Black album . I tend to forget about these minor setbacks in their careers . Seasons in the abyss was too mellow from a Slayer fan standpoint , I was hoping for something that kept in the lines of Slayers notorious , relentless song writing and brutal guitar riffs . This album was more of a whimper . It just does n't do much for me at all . Its like just when you thought the lyrics were going to get good , someone was tapping them on the shoulder `` saying tone it down guys we ca n't have another reign in blood album style lyric '' . I like brutal Slayer music period and this is n't it !
 This is a pretty decent Slayer release , it sort of bridged the gap between the old school -LRB- Reign in Blood , South of Heaven , Hell Awaits era -RRB- with what was to come , the more non-satanic Divine Interention , Diobolus in Musica , and God Hates Us All Albums.As a Satanist since 1981 when Venom 's `` Black Metal '' was released , I found Seasons in the Abyss to be dissapointing in that Satan was only mentioned in `` Born of Fire '' and `` Temptation '' , apprarently only at the insistence of Rick Rubin . I prefer the more satanic and evil earlier material Slayer has , such as Hell Awaits and Show no Mercy . From a heavy metal standpoint , however , this is a good introduction to what Slayer has to offer .
 this cd is no good , bye it , listen to it , all the songs sound the same , the artwork sucks too .
 Like I said about South of Heaven
 After Slayer produced Reign in Blood , arguably the best metal album of all time , I guess they could go no further in that direction , and produced South of Heaven , a mediocre album that has some good songs , and some bad songs . I suspect that they tried to be more like Metallica with South of Heaven , in order to get into the mainstream rock culture and sell more albums . Some reviews say South of Heaven was their worst album of that period , but it 's significantly better then Seasons in the Abyss . There are only a few decent songs on this album , and the rest sounds very tired and poorly produced . Slayers live album , Decade of Aggression actually brings to life some of the songs on this album , and I recommend getting that CD first and see if you like those songs . The title track is not bad , but unless you have heard it before and really like it , this album is n't worth getting .
 This CD is so bad that I ca n't understand why a band like this survives so long , fed by fans who think they are `` different '' or `` radical '' . Ok , they 're just skilless .
 Ok , let 's supoose Slayer is a good metal band . Why the singer ca n't sing at all ? WHy Hanneman and King -LRB- ercognized by their own fans -RRB- ca n't make a good solo at all ? WHy Dave Lombardo left the band ? THis is garbage .
 First of all , for those of you calling Slayer `` Thrash , '' that seems a bit off . Slayer is more like Death metal without the low Death voice . For those saying Araya ca n't sing , you are crazy . He 's got one of the best voices in metal . For all of you calling this one of Slayer 's best , you do n't really like Slayer . I have only heard Show No Mercy , Reign In Blood , the title track and maybe 1 or more songs from South of heaven , Diobolicus Musica , this one , Divine Intervention , I think I 've heard hel Awaits , Undisputed Attitude , I think that 's all of them . Seasons was the first one I ever bought . It scared me to listen to it because I was n't too sure about delving into something with such cover art , and Dead Skin Mask was scaaary . So I listened for a while , knowing I 'd heard some of their earlier stuff and not being able to handle listening all the way through because it was so evil . I must say that is why I enjoyed this album at the time , because it was a mellower Slayer , and I could listen all the way through without feeling like I was going to be sacrificed at a Satanic ritual . So I though I 'd buy the next one too , Divine Intervention , and the more I listend to DI , the more I could n't stop listening , and the less Seasons appealed to me . Now i can listen to all Slayer and Seasons is my least favorite , but I still like to make mix tapes and include songs from Seasons , like for example it mixes really well with White Zombie 's La Sexorcisto Devil Music Vol . 1 cd.Band I would call thrash would be Exodus , Anthrax , Overkill , maybe the original lineup and Kill 'em All Metallica .
 this was my second slayer cd that i ever bought , my first slayer album was `` reing in blood '' and i thought that that was the worst piece of garbage ever assembled i quickly sold it , but freinds told me that `` seasons in the abyss '' was there most mature and enjoyable effort , they begged me to give this crap band a second chance , so i went out and got it . i will never listen , speak of , or even think of this puke band ever again , thats how horrible this album was , its no diffrent from `` reing in blood '' whith the execption that there are some slow songs , but its just as horrendus . who the hell are these guys ? what are they trying to prove by writting these retarded songs about `` death this , death that '' `` argg , world 's a scary place , argg , i 'm a tough guy ! '' `` argg !! blood every where ! , satan ! '' , this is pretty much all they write about , i bet non of these guys even knows one thing on satanism , or anything for that matter . i dont need a band of high school dropout drug addicts to tell me this , you can just watch the news and look around you to figure that out , why would i pay money for slayer albums or their concerts tickets to see these losers who ca n't even write a decent song or play anything other than half @ $ $ ed riffs ripped off from venom and judas preist records ? pay money to see scum of the earth spew out garbage and call it heavy metal ? this is n't heavy metal , this is crap . slayer is a stain on metal , stay away from anything from this band , you will regreat it , like i did . i now use my `` seasons in the abyss '' cd as a example of crappy music , just so if someone thinks they heard the worst music on earth , i make them listen to this crap album and they will standcorrected .
 Like i said before ... Slayer sucks . I mean , i realy got into slayer when they released `` reign in blood '' but then season in the abyss realy bored me but then they did made me happy with south of heaven then after south of heaven i just remenber being let down by every other slayer album.There realy is n't any good songs here and it will realy bored you alot.If you guys want good thrash ... Get any albums by these bands '' the haunted '' , `` carnal forge '' , early albums from `` sepultura '' but if you still insist on getting slayer then go with reign in blood for the most brutal release todate . Not recommended .
 Yeah ! Do you really want to go hell?Listen to this cd and you 'll know what kind of music demons likes to play . Of course you are burning all the time and ca n't see no one there . You are just alone with the beast .
 Bad Sound , Great Album Shirley desrves better than this one of her great 70s albums the sound is full of hiss not much better than a cassette tape sound this CD was realeased in 2003 made in portugal , being a huge shirley fan i grabbed this at the time to be dissapointed , But in 2005 BGO records released this as a twofer with album Good Bad & Beautiful remasterd sound this is the one to buy just great , this version is the pitts why the consumer is subjected to poor quality if its cheap ok but in some cases the price is not reflected in the product this is an example of that .
 I should have read the existing review before hastily grab , what I thought to be , a rare CD ! As `` Never , Never , Never '' is possibly the best and warmest album Shirley Bassey has ever recorded , this CD is degrading to a humiliating low ! No warmth , no compassion , no softness . AVOID ... or rather
 From what I 've heard , Michael is n't in step with or ahead of the crowd . I 'm not saying this is bad . I 'm saying he does n't quite grab and to speak to a large enough common denominator in us ... yet . I 'm thinkin ' he needs to get his heart broke real well a time or two -LRB- or three -RRB- , lose faith in a friend , let a friend down , and embarrass himself severely publicly . Maybe then he 'll be ready to speak and sing better to the dreams , desires , disturbances and disappointments that make up Human existence . I liked ` Her Doorway ' and ` Ho hum ' some . I think all the tunes need a bit of surgery in the form of soul or spicy individuality . I hope he finds his light .
 I love that Prince sound , I just do n't like him . Not that , That has anything to do with this album but I just had to make that known . I do n't care for him as an artist or entertainer but he 's a hell of a writer/producer . I love his work when it 's applied to other artists , Such as `` Vanity 6 '' . Now , I feel that this itty bitty collection of songs could 've been so much better . It just seems unfinished or not as up to par as it should be . Perhaps Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis should 've been in on it . The only songs I play over and over is ` He 's So Dull ' and ` If A Girl Answers ' . ` Nasty Girl ' has a HOT bassline but Vanity ruins the song with those terrible vocals , ` Drive Me Wild ' is just okay and the rest of the album is weak.It 's hard to believe that this is the best that Prince could do , It 's also even more hard to believe that Vanity 6 only had 1 album . Seems like they would 've atleast made it to three albums . I personally prefer Apollonia 6 's album over Vanity 6 . I guess because Apollonia came along when the 80 's Pop sound was more in depth . Her vocals were more becoming aswell , The Apollonia 6 album also has the better songs . Vanity was attractive and made a fantastic illusion but thats it ... However ` He 's So Dull ' has a very fun and exciting music video and song . I love the lyrics and the bubblegum effect , it brings me joy ...
 Actually , I 'm going to keep it really real . I know most of you reviewers who gave this album 4-5 stars reviews are too blinded by 1980 's nostalgia to see and hear that this music is utter crap . Vanity 6 was hot back in the day , but it was due to their s1utty image and not their music . Why do you think the only song you hear by them on the radio is `` Nasty Girls '' ? That 's the only song people remember them for . Let me tell you a secret
 The artist formally known as Vanity 6 is now an ordained minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ . Vanity 6 is dead but Sister Matthews lives to declare the glory of God !!!!!!!!
 Twist of Cain is fine , some of this is beyond parody . Neat album cover though - do n't get stuff like that with MP3 eh ? Overall , do n't waste your money - form your own band .
 This is the first and last Danzig album I 'll own -LRB- and I 'm thinking about selling it . -RRB- The popular and yet mediocre tracks like Mother have become beyond boring and over played on rock stations . As for the rest of the album that is less than mediocre , it seems it was thrown together without much creativity . It could be said , Danzig is close to being a one hit wonder . CLOSE to it . There are one or two other songs that are close to being decent ; Twist of Cain being an example . I never thought much about the Misfits and Danzig is not much better . With this said , if Danzig is a leading band of Southern Rock , then this genre might be in trouble .
 I purchased the downloadable version of this album -LRB- without , unfortunately , having seen the previous review -RRB- and thankfully the actual songs are correct , but the tags on the songs are still for the songs from The Great American Trailer Park . If you do n't want the hassle of having to look up the actual song titles and retag all the songs , you might want to purchase a different version .
 I 'm really not sure why this is happening . But the sample tracks on this page are for The Great American Trailer Park , not for Altar Boyz.Just thought someone should know .
 I bought this album not having heard much by Black Uhuru because
 Wait a second.This small collection of Mills Bros. tracks was issued by MCA , owner of the masters ? Geez . Is it really possible that all they could do for the first three songs here -LRB- only the best of the 10 , BTW -RRB- is dub them from pop and tick-infested LPs?Oy.There 's better out there . For example , check out the sound bites of `` Paper Doll , '' `` Lazy River '' and `` You Always Hurt -LRB- etc. -RRB- '' on this MCA disc : THE BEST OF THE DECCA YEARS . Light filtering = zero surface noise .
 I accidentally bought this because I heard 1 song that was a pop rock song . The rest of the album is r & b or club songs which is ok but he 's not great .
 I remember buying this with hope & anticipation after their first album ; and then I remember not buying another Depeche Mode album again until Music for the Masses . A Broken Frame was that bad . So I punished the band for 5 or 6 albums . Did I mention how bad this album is ? The lyrics are simpy . The melodies are facile . `` The Meaning of Love '' is such an amatuerish effort . Only the first song -LRB- Leave in Silence -RRB- has merit . I believe this is also the album with a faked child 's voice on one of the tracks intoning `` around ... and around ... and around . '' Although that might have been on Construction Time Again . At any rate , it 's so unbearably treacly that it 's still stuck in my head , and it still makes me cringe even now . At this point the band also looked like `` a bunch of seven-year-olds with giant heads , '' to quote a friend.Later one Mode reviewer described the boys as `` soccer hooligans posing as sensitive dweebs . '' I shouted `` Amen to that ! '' thinking of this disk . This is not one of the finer moments for the band . It really did not look like our heros would recover from this simpering schlock.Eventually DM showed their mastery of image and sound with both Music for the Masses and Violator . But it was a long journey from here .
 The many attempts here at `` poppy '' , up sounding tunes that mirror the Vince Clarke compositions of Speak and Spell are simply embaressing . `` See You '' and `` A Photograph of You '' are almost interchangeable , the melodies are seriously lacking , and the lyrics are laughable . What is interesting for me here are the slower songs , and the ones which do n't immediately grab you . The opener , the long version of Leave in Silence , is great , its club-ish beat in sharp contrast to the words , which are rather bleak . My favourite track on this cd is the Sun and the Rainfall , it 's one of Martin Gore 's best songs ever.I also like Should n't Have Done That , but really , for me , that 's about it . Overall I think of this release as being the real debut of what we know now as Depeche Mode , seeing as how the large majority of the songs on Speak and Spell were written by Vince Clarke , who quit the band shortly after its release . Even though Alan Wilder was recruited to play onstage with them during this time he was not invited to join them in the studio for the recording of A Broken Frame , as the band felt they had something to prove , that they could continue without Vince Clarke . I think it was a big mistake . A Broken Frame could have been so much better , as the progression from this to the highly superior Construction Time Again -LRB- which Alan Wilder fully contributed to , as both a player and a writer -RRB- shows . And on a final note , I must add that time has not been kind to this recording . I took it out to play it last week , after not having heard it in many years , and can honestly say there are only four good songs on it . Recommended for serious fans and completists only . -LRB- But the cover IS cool , though . -RRB-
 I bought this album when it first came out because , as other teenagers in the early 80s , I was mezmerized by any song with a synthesizer in it . At the time parts of it were somewhat fascinating . Now after years of listening to all sorts of electronic music , from Avante Garde to Trance , I must say that after a recent complete listen of this album , I probably will never put it back in my cd player again . I now find the songs are either boring , lackluster , or annoying . I will keep it for the excellent cover , which is what attracted me to it in the first place . There is just better DM stuff to listen to .
 By far a pitifull album by our esteemed Depeche . Only one good song on the entire disc .
 To say that there are only two songs worth hearing on Depeche Mode 's second album , A Broken Frame , would be a bit of an exaggeration , but without a doubt the band suffered from the sophomore jinx here . It 's not that the songs are consistently unlistenable ; in fact they 're pleasant enough , but nothing on the album stands out like its first single , `` See You . '' Even the album 's one other highlight , `` The Meaning of Love , '' sounds like a Speak & Spell outtake . Keeping in mind that Martin Gore would churn out many singles as good or better than any on Speak & Spell in the years following A Broken Frame , it seems that rather than missing Vince Clark , Depeche Mode and Gore were just at a creative low point here . Only hardcore Depeche Mode fans need this , casual fans and neophytes should go for The Singles 81 > 85 instead .
 I must admit I did n't `` grew up '' listening Depeche , instead , was indoctrinated starting when I was around 17 by a good friend , and later by who became my wife . Nevertheless , I do like their music , and have enjoyed every single CD from them I had bought ... until now . I did n't think I was ever going to say this , but
 I wo n't lie to you . This is the worst DM ever got . Everything is too hokey for my liking , and the writing is really bad . Especially on Monument . `` my monument , it fell down '' That is one of the stupidest choruses I have ever heard . However , I give one star because Depeche Mode turned into an amazing band after this record . They had to release two bad records before they hit their stride .
 I know and understand that many people have begun listening to Sibelius 's music , even classical music , with a CD such as this . I therefore want to take care in writing a review , as beginner 's and connoisseur 's both may be interested . -LRB- ... -RRB- I certainly do not find this a CD for the classical music enthusiast , as two of the symphonic poems are not very well recorded here
 After being subjected to the hype of my fellow anime-lovers about this series , I really expected a more interesting story . While I thought the animation was done passably well , artwork can only hold a film so far ... the story and character development really needs to pick up the slack at some point . In this case , I lost interest after the second episode as it was fairly clear that the story was n't moving at a pace comparable to it 's simplicity ; it simply was n't complex enough to struggle along so cryptically . While I agree Alucard was an interesting character , his overthetop attitude mostly made him annoying -LRB- I 'd like to see Vampire Hunter D tear him a new one , quite frankly -RRB- and the other characters were cardboard cutouts at best . Sera , who 's struggle with her budding vampirism should have made a good center for this story , but her petulence and unwillingness to give in to the hunger that would make her a valuable asset to Hellsing simply makes her unnecessary to the series.In all , I was enormously disappointed ... it really seemed that this idea could have had real depth ; instead , it 's creaters fell into a common Hollywood style trap
 I expected to see something good and exciting but up to now this is probably the worst manga that I have seen . Having seen the first 2 volumes I can only detect the negative aspects of the series .1 . No character development and depth at all . At the first 2 volumes we know almost nothing about Arukard , some minor and insignificant details about the female character and in general there can be no attachment to the characters at all . I still do n't understand who is the main character of the series . Ash from the pokemon has more personality than the vampire in this movie !!! He He !! 2 . Back to the pointless dialogues that many anime have . The characters talk and talk without really saying anything . They are trying my patience .3 . What about the story ? Well there is a pattern where there are some people who create artificial vampires and the Hellsing org . hunts them . Personally , I believe the storyline sucked , and in no way I would buy the rest of the volumes.I do n't understand how people give this series a good review . Either they are at the age of 10-13 or I do n't know what . Anime like Akira , Trigun , Berserk , robotech , escalflowe , record of lobos , evangelion , bewpop are excellent.Well Hellsing compared to the above is 0 !! I was very dissapointed . Even if in the next volumes the story gets better the animation is still not the best out there with no atmosphere and no character direction .
 The problem with this series is that it costs to much for a short series and that the series doesnt really have much of an ending . If you like action packed vampire flicks get Vampire Hunter D and Vampire Hunter D
 But it was somewhat entertaining nonetheless . Here 's the basic premise of the movie
 As a fan of the Hellsing series I can not honestly say this series is worth watching . There is no real reason to watch this series when Hellsing Ultimate is clearly the superior work . While Alucard is badass if you watch the Hellsing Ultimate OVAs and compare them to the manga of the series you will see that the Hellsing Ultimate OVAs are perfectly animated version of the manga . So do n't waste your money on the impure souls series as one it has nothing to do with the manga and two its not even finished . Hellsing Ultimate is the only true way to enjoy Hellsing animated .
 Quick comment on this release , not the Hellsing TV series . DO NOT BUY the product featured on this page . It is a pirated , `` bootleg '' release . The real Hellsing R1 DVD release was on 4 DVDs from the late great Geneon Entertainment . FX , on the other hand , is a known bootlegging operation , and none of the money you give them will reach the artists or actors who worked on this series . Aside from the moral/ethical concerns , you will get worse audio/visual quality from this release , since it has 13 episodes crammed onto 2 DVDs .
 Has no box like it shows in the picture . I 'm also pretty sure this is the old addition not Ultimate .
 i just ca n't stand listening to a vocalist who i do n't believe . this guy 's sound is so laboriously cynical , it haunts my dreams . yes , the lyrics are unconventional in structure , but for what purpose ? i 'll add a proper review later , but i just wanted to take this albums score down while i still had the chance .
 I THOUGHT THE SELF TITLED ALBUM `` THE GETO BOYS '' WAS THE ORIGINAL VERSION . IT SOUNDS MUCH BETTER . THE RAPS ON THIS ALBUM SEEM LIKE THEY HAVE NO LIFE . IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE PICK UP `` THE GETO BOYS '' TITLE INSTEAD . TRUST ME YOU WO N'T BE DISSAPOINTED .
 I just was n't impressed with this CD . Perhaps I was simply expecting too much , either that or I 've been listening to Road to Ensenada and Pontiac too much lately.The second time through was a bit better , but I kept waiting for the song that really made me say `` wow , that 's a great song/hook/lyric '' like `` Who loves You Better '' or `` Family Reserve '' . Songs that make you hit the replay on your car stereo 4 or 5 times in a row . For me , it never came . I currently own every original CD he 's put out , and I love his stuff , but there were so many songs that felt like they were old tunes re-fitted with new lyrics that I just could n't get behind this CD . Another reviewer said it felt `` forced '' , and that was an apt description , even the gospel tunes towards the end felt like retreads of past songs.I consider myself to be a die-hard fan of Lovett , but this CD probably wo n't get heavy play from his collection .
 All those years waiting for this ? The Truck Song and San Antonio Girl were previously released so they are not even new . Plus they pretty much sound the same . The title track is one of those overproduced/overdone numbers that you would expect from Garth Brooks . If you liked I Love Everybody , Pontiac , Joshua Judges Ruth , Lyle Lovett and His Large Band and the Road to Ensenada you wo n't like this . Mine is already in the used rack .
 I 've been an avid fan for about 3 years ; one of those who hate country but love Lyle . This is the first of his cds which sounds like a traditional country album - with the exception of the 2 glorious gospel songs . I agree that the music is redundant , but it is also that twangy-kind of country music that Lyle never did . I 've listened to it twice , straight through , and probably wo n't listen to it again . What a disappointment .
 Let 's look at the title of this album for a bit , shall we . `` My baby do n't tolerate '' . First , it has an authentic ring to it , does it not ? Its grammatically incorrect , its talking about a hard-headed woman , it sounds like it could almost be the title to an old blues 78 you 'd find in your great uncle 's attic , does n't it ? Hey , this must be a pretty cool album ! So you buy it and ... Wait a second , this does n't quite sound right ... slick production , clever lyrics , practised and highly affected phrasing and delivery , constantly referring to the fact that he 's from Texas in a way that seems annoyingly needy ... wait , is n't this the guy who was married to Julia Roberts for about 30 minutes ? Hey , come to think about it , there 's nothing truly moving or sincere about this music at all !! Do n't be fooled by the cleverly calculated title
 Great voice , and some great fiddle , but with the exception of 2 or 3 songs on this CD , they all sound the same . And a number sound very much like songs on prior albums . This was a disappointment .
 I own all of Lyle 's albums , and play them over and over again . He could make better music than almost anyone without even trying ; with this album , he seems to have set out to prove it . Songs about trucks , music that sounds like country cliche , another joke song , etc -- I have to keep reminding myself that I own this cd , and I was really excited to buy it back when it came out . That said , it 's better than most things . It 's just not the same kind of thing as what I expected .
 This CD was very frustrating . The sound quality was poor in all respects . Even the volume was somewhat low and sounded rather distant . I listened to just the first selection . I was very disappointed in this purchase . It apparently was produced-made in the UK . Why the quality problem is not clear . It was returned .
 Why did I get this CD ? I read the reviews of previous purchasers and it got an over all , good review . I bought thinking it would be this wonderful and one of a kind remix album . This being an Ayumi Hamasaki album , how could I go wrong?This CD is wrong all the way through . I wanted to like the CD but I ended up skipping over most of the songs . Track 11 `` Appears D-J Turbo Mix '' is probably the stand out track for me , it 's the best on the album.The CD case is cool though , all glittery and there 's an insert that looks like it 's part of a puzzle , but I think that 's only for Japan release albums . If you like cheesy Jazz , and Bossa Nova with a techno beat , you 'll like this album , otherwise it 's a waste of money .
 The great songs are
 I was a huge Kiss fan , `` was '' being the operative word . This album is bad in so many ways . `` Within '' is the only song worth listening to , and you 'll probably enjoy it more if you pretend it 's someone other than Kiss . We 've heard the truth about Kiss over the last few years . They lie to their fans and take every last cent they can get out of them . The fact that there was no-one else doing what they did in the 70s makes them unique , but not great . After all , every snowflake is unique , but it 's still just a snowflake .
 Its about time these morons realised they 're a circus act
 You know what they should have done?Re - recorded entirely their ` Hotter Than Hell ' album from 1974 . And released that instead . Of all the 70 's KISS albums , Hotter Than Hell is one of the worst sounding albums Todd Rundgren DID N'T engineer . Particularly ` Mainline ' and ` Comin ' Home ' . That I would have paid for .
 I listened to 3 songs on this CD and I said `` ENOUGH '' . I mean , how lame can KISS get ? How about the fact that Peter and Ace hardly even play on the album and they still call it `` the origional KISS ? '' Just whip out any Ramones CD -LRB- especially their 1st one -RRB- and watch these lameo 's run for cover !
 i was listening to this and i noticed that this is a rip from a whole bunch od Insane Clown Posse cds , if u truly listen to ICP na dhtne listen to this cd you will notice that they are very similar and unfortunately for KISS , the songs that they related theirs to were out before this cd came out . I was not satisfied when i heard this cd!Juggalos stand tall !
 KISS is the worst band ever !!! That 's all there is to it ! They 're ugly , nobody buys their dolls and sh*t like that . If you want to listen to good 70s music , try Earth Wind & Fire and Cher - At least they do n't look like messed up clowns !!!!
 I will start by saying that I am not a huge Kiss fan infact , I would go so far as to say I am not a Kiss fan in the slightest ! I bought this when it came out and I was just getting into music , and I had herd that Ace Frely was a guitar God and that he could play with the best of them , well thats the biggest -LSB- joke -RSB- I have ever herd ! Ace couldnt hold a candle to Joe Perry of Aerosmith or Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin . I also herd that Kiss was a hard rock band well that was another let down . I mean you can listen to this and hear that Kiss is not hard rock . Kiss is the Beatles with makeup , and pyrotenics ! Gene Simmions cant play bass for nothing , and that goes for his vocals too . Ace Frelys guitar playing is sub-Par , and Peter Criss is not a great Drummer . The only person in this band with any sort of talent at all is Paul Stanly , he has a decent voice and can play a good rythm guitar . Now I know all you Kiss fanatics are gon na say screw that but lets face facts this band is all about the money and sold out the minute each one of them picked up their instruments . Now to the music , oh the music is oh ever so bad !!! I hate the fact that ever since ` Rock and Roll all Nite ' was a hit they think every song must be an anthm . Whats up with that ? The only good songs on here are ` Psycho Circus ' ` Within ' and ` Into The Void ' and none of which are something to bragg about . I am a huge Aerosmith fan so I am going to see them and Kiss will be there what is the deal with that , Kiss is a show and Aerosmith is rock and roll , Kiss is setting them selfs up for a big backlash !
 Why are so many people rating this album 4-5 stars ... I have been a die hard KISS fan since 1975 . The various breakups broke my heart . I was so excited for this disk to come out . I like what Ace has done on his own and thought that the original 4 could recapture the magic of the 70 's . I guess it was n't meant to happen . What is with all of these 4 and 5 star reviews . This disk is no better than Animalize or Asylum . These disks were good in the mid 80 's but I wanted the best but I got the 80 's instead . They still rule in my heart , but theyt need to come up with something that is n't simply done for the money as this seems to be.Bluestar
 I bought the new disk , which I was waiting for . I expected a sound and composition that would be much like the KISS of old . What I found was a bunch of 80 's metal crap and a couple of stand out songs . As a real Ace fan I thin Into The Void is the single standout song on the disk . I also think that You Wanted The Best is also a real good song . Everything else was pure 80 's limp metal crap . I diod notice that there was no collaboration on this disk . Gene wrote songs for Gene and Paul wrote songs for Paul . They were certainly trying to write another anthem with You Wanted the Best , but it wo n't be another Rock and Roll All Night . I Finally Found My Way is an obvious attempt by Paul to recapture the magic and success of Beth , but it simply does not work in my opinion . The rest on the songs are pretty lame in my opinion . It is hard for me to say all of this , cuz I love KISS and have for the past 20 years . This disk is purely copmmercial with little musical content .
 I 'm sure the Kiss sunshine-pumpers will unanimously vote `` no '' as to whether this review was helpful or not , but I say `` whatever , dudes '' . I 've been a Kiss fan since ' 76 , so I 'm not bashing for the sake of bashing ... but this CD is so `` ehhh '' , it 's hardly worth your time , unless you 're one of those folks who HAVE to have everything the band puts out . The songs are average , the production is inconsistent , and with the exception of maybe two songs , it 's most certainly NOT a reunion album -LRB- by now it 's been well documented that Ace Frehley & Peter Criss were shut out from most of it ... they should be happy , ` cuz at least they do n't have to own up to this mess -RRB- . I ca n't even get through the damn CD without cringing at how calculated it sounds ... you 'd think they were making `` Son of Destroyer '' , but with only a fraction of the effort . For the love of God , spend your money on a remastered version of `` Alive ! '' instead . As for Psycho Circus , if you HAVE to buy this , go to a used CD store ... I know there 's ALWAYS a surplus of used copies where I live , so I 'm sure it ca n't be much different elsewhere ...
 I am very surprised to see so many good reviews of this CD . I work in a used CD store and we ca n't give this CD away . Every time I personally try to return it , we already have too many in stock to take it . I love Kiss but this Cd just does n't have anything to it . There 's no excitement . Most bands fizzle out after there prime time but Kiss was awesome in both the seventies and eighties and this Cd does n't hold a candle to anything they have done in the past , with or without Ace and Peter . Listen to Amazon 's previews for yourself , the lyrics are boring and so is the music .
 I made the mistake of buying this album having not heard any of the songs , and only being a faithful fan of Kiss . Yeah I think that new fans -LRB- people that started to listen to Kiss after the reunion -RRB- might enjoy this . It has all of the elements of classic Kiss , but it 's missing something.Do I think that the prime motivation for this was the money?Yes . Purely for cash . It 's nice that the fans had something to go with the tour that was happening at the time , but this album does n't age very well , mainly because this album was n't very good in it 's conception , and was executed poorly.In retrospect , Kiss has made worse albums . `` Unmasked '' comes to mind . Peter Criss ' solo album was weak , but at least an effort was made . `` Animalize '' was poor , but Kiss was playing catch-up , and was breaking in a new guitarist too.Some of the tunes are catchy enough , but that wears off quickly . Based on the merit of the somewhat catchy songs , I rated this 2 stars . Other than that , not much here .
 Because of the fanatical loyalty of their fans , KISS has magaged to remian popular all these years despite their devolving musicianship . I used to be one of their greatest fans , but `` Psycho Circus '' is nothing compared their earlier work . I believe this album is nothing more than a huge cash cow . KISS was an inspiration for an entire generation of great rock bands , but those days are gone , and `` Psycho Circus '' proves it . Ace and his old band is the only hope KISS fans have . I hope he gets back with them soon ...
 A rather uneven CD , with only a few good songs such as `` Psycho Circus '' , `` Within '' , and `` Dreamin ' '' . If you 're a true-blue KISS fan , then buy it . If you 're not , save your hard-earned money .
 I love all the original 70 's Kiss records and have seen them numerous times in concert , even the 80 's incarnations , the reunion tour . But this record should not ever have been made out of respect for the group . I listened once , put it away and that was enough . Simmons has two semi-listenable songs reminiscent of his solo album and maybe Unmasked , but that 's as good as it gets . Most of the guitar work does n't even sound like Ace Frehley and rumor has it that it was actually Bruce Kulick , but he 's supposed to keep quiet about it . Pass on this . They finally reached the stage where they are just trying to milk their gullible group of trekky like fans with an onslaught of merchandise .
 This is the rockin ' equivelent to the lame pop unmasked . the only good song is psycho circus and who knows who the heck is playing on it because Kiss can never be honest to their local sucker fans like me . For years i thought sweet pain was one of ace 's best solos and it turned out that it was dick wagner of alice cooper fame.This album does n't have any melodic highs points whatsoever.It 's pathetic lame pop goo like `` We are one ' which sounds like a Barney song.Then there 's into the void which is dead on arrival ace spew.This album is just a big piece of crap.Kiss has lost their guts and passion for music making due to their sick greed.Hey gene , why do n't you let Ace put some of his real rockin ' tunes on an album ??? Maybe you 're just scared that he 'll destroy you like he detroyed the band with his monster 1978 solo albumAce is the man.This album is just a sad pile of puke.Hey Paul , go call Bob Ezrin and listen to Destroyer so you can remember how it used to be when you loved rock n ' roll instead of using rock n ' roll just as a tool to make you some more dough!This album stinks like a pile of goat turd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I think i listened to this 2 times since it came out . Its just kiss trying to make an overblown commercial album with the same producer from Destroyer but sorry folks it doesnt work at all . This is not where kiss was headed at the time . If you listen to Carnival of Souls which was recorded right before this with Kulick and Singer youll hear the direction that Kiss was going . This was basically made for the money because the fact that it was a reunion record made everyone buy it . Too bad its one of the most unmemorable Kiss albums ever . The best song recorded for this isnt even on the cd . Its called `` its my Life '' and its on the boxed set . Lord knows why this song was left off here . Its better than the every song here combined . Anyway dont buy this , buy CARNIVAL OF SOULS if you want to hear some music with some depth and not just throwaway junk .
 This is not a `` Kiss '' album . This is an album where Gene & Paul hired Ace to play and paid Peter to sing ... Criss does not play drums on this album . What you get here is nowhere even close to a group effort . Just an effort to $ $ $ in on the subsequent reunion tour . It is impossible for me to rate this higher considering it 's a Kiss infomercial in the form of a cd . Notice how many used product there is for sale ? How about the going price for a used `` Psycho Circus '' ? ...
 There 's nothing worse than a bunch or overweight middle aged men trying to go back to their party days . This is pure trash , if you want KISS , go to LICK IT UP . Their BEST CD ever . This is forgettable music .
 With this album Kiss is trying way to hard to prove they still can rock in the 90s . They were trying so hard that they forgot to write good music . The title track is ok , but there is little more . I hate to say it , but the 70s were the bands golden time . Putting a period on their music is over due .
 I got ta be honest . I really liked this album until I found out how Ace & Peter were cast aside during recording of it . I 've sold my copy of it . At one point KISS became KI$ $ corp. . They 've always been about clever marketing but there was a legitimate feel behind it . I do n't know if it 's changed or if I just finally started to notice . Whatever the reason , I have no need for this album . Too much fighting among the original members has ruined it for me , too much greed & ego .
 Riding the crest of arguably the biggest rock and roll reunion in forever , KISS released ` Psycho Circus ' the album that would prove they were more than just nostalgia and more than just four guys in greasepaint . It was supposed to be a Very Big Record.It was n't . For all the pomp and circumstance , ` Psycho Circus ' just is n't a great record . A couple songs work , the title track especially but the rest of it seems to suffer from the same old problems most lesser KISS Records have -- inconsistent contributions from Gene , Peter and Ace and songs that need to have infectious hooks to mask their banality but do n't quite manage that.This album 's self-indulgence does n't help either . From Gene 's self-serving ` We Are One ' to the abysmal ` You Wanted the Best ' where the band trades verses , this is an album of KISS celebrating themselves for all of us to see . But all it did was remind us that , whether they liked it or not , KISS was about fond memories more than current relevance . After a ` Psycho Circus ' tour , KISS promptly went on their Retirement tour . It was n't a coincidence .
 this album is forced ... very forced . kiss knew they had to come up with something fast . there was zero effort put into this album ... the gayest song ever written is `` you wanted the best you got the best '' are they kidding ? i am a long time kiss fan for 21 years and i dont believe they put this out . a song about putting the makeup back on ??? what ??? remember `` hotter than hell '' and `` creatures of the night '' ? psycho circus is such a novelty album ... its not even a group effort ... ace has one track and peter didnt even play drums on the album . money money money . i love kiss , but nowadays gene and paul want the money . they 're old . ace has started drinking and doing drugs again ... he cant even stand up straight or talk . hes barely coherent . gene and paul just want him to make it through the next tour . im over it . ive lost interest ... kiss ... you 're too old ... end the farewell tour now .
 Disappointing . I have n't listened to this album since I bought it . Yes , I like Kiss , But this album just does n't do anything for me . They should have recorded another `` Destroyer '' , `` Rock And Roll Over '' , etc , But this is not the case here . Save your money .
 being a kiss fan for many years now -LRB- i 'm 37 -RRB- I listened very carefully to pshyco circus and hear destroyer all over again . Full of themselves . Stardom going to there heads . Do n't take me the wrong way but , I think KISS could do better . best tracks in my opinion are Psycho Circus , We are One , Raise Your Glasses , I Finally Found My Way , and Journey Of 1,000 years . To finalize , Psycho Circus is the best cut out of the whole cd . With all the experiences these guys have they could do better . Looking forward to the next cd ... . Drheid
 Kiss has had a lot of hit and miss efforts ... you 'd think that after all this time apart they 'd have more to deliver . Stick to the stuff that made this band famous , 'cause Psycho Circus is drivel . And any of the other `` reviewers '' who might disagree , let 's be honest
 Ace Frehley has the only hit song on this cd and it is good at best . Ive been a diehard kiss fan for over 22 years and I was disappointed . Kiss still has the best live show in the world but has lacked in perking my rock and roll senses
 In 1996 , the original foursome of KISS regrouped and embarked on a massively successful world tour , which lasted a little over a year . During that time , the hoopla , crazed fan hysteria , magazine coverage , television appearances and , of course , merchandising were all on a level near or equal to the band 's halcyon days of the mid to late 1970 's . The massive popularity and glory had returned , and the KISS juggernaut was huge once again.When Paul , Gene , Peter and Ace returned to the studio in early 1998 to record their first full studio album together since 1977 's `` Love Gun '' -LRB- Peter was replaced by `` ghost '' drummer Anton Fig on all but one track on 1979 's `` Dynasty '' -RRB- , the stakes and pressure were high . Could the original band once again create something as classic and memorable as such 1976 albums as `` Destroyer '' and `` Rock and Roll Over '' ? Sadly , the answer is no . Although there are a few strong tracks here , the album as a whole is a big disappointment . `` Psycho Circus '' -LRB- the song -RRB- starts things off in fine fashion . It 's an epic , sweeping and brilliant rock masterpiece , one that feels like a fish out of water on this release . Only two other songs , also co-penned by Paul , really work here . `` I Pledge Allegiance To The State Of Rock & Roll '' and `` Raise Your Glasses '' are both catchy enough numbers to recall the band 's 1970 's life-affirming world view , yet both feel like they could have been originally written for 1987 's `` Crazy Nights '' . Everything else falls short , on a myriad of levels . Paul 's `` Dreamin ' '' And Gene 's `` Within '' are actually two of the best tracks on `` Psycho Circus '' , but do n't fit in stylistically . Seeing as both were originally written for their previous effort , `` Carnival Of Souls - The Final Sessions '' -LRB- recorded in 1995 , but not released until 1997 -RRB- , it 's easy to see why . That album was dark and grunge-inspired , and a reflection of the rock landscape of the mid-nineties . Although the two songs are worthy numbers for a KISS album , they do n't belong on something that was supposed to be -LRB- at least ideally -RRB- a continuation of the primal and self-indulgent pure rock fun this quartet concocted in its heyday.The rest of the album ranges from average to insipid and lame . Ace Frehley 's `` Into The Void '' is okay , but not in the same league with previous gems such as `` Shock Me '' or `` Rocket Ride '' . `` You Wanted The Best '' is rather laughable and utterly forgettable , and the Paul Stanley / Bob Ezrin penned ballad `` I Finally Found My Way '' -LRB- sung by Peter -RRB- is overly sappy and edgeless . The two songs which close each album side , `` We Are One '' and `` Journey Of 1,000 Years '' -LRB- both written by Gene -RRB- , sound as misguided and un-KISS like as 1981 's `` Music From The Elder '' . Neither one is terrible , but they are watered down and wimpy tracks which feel out of place here . The recurring theme on `` Psycho Circus '' is that most of it is confused and not what you would have expected or hoped for from the original KISS.Like `` Dynasty '' , the last album released by the original foursome until this one , `` Psycho Circus '' is completely unfocused and pulls the listener in too many directions . It 's not singular in its purpose like `` Destroyer '' , `` Hotter Than Hell '' or `` Love Gun '' . Also , like `` Dynasty '' -LRB- as well as 1980 's `` Unmasked '' -RRB- , too much of the music is second rate . This album is nowhere near as good as 1992 's `` Revenge '' , which actually feels and sounds much more like the classic makeup days than this . It 's common knowledge that even Ace and Peter are n't crazy about the material presented on `` Psycho Circus '' . Clearly , and not surprisingly , Paul and Gene were calling all the shots . If you 're looking for a great KISS release from the nineties , buy `` Revenge '' or `` Alive III '' instead . Do n't be fooled by the hype surrounding this album . It may be the original group reunited , but it fails to live up to expectations . Which is unfortunate , because this could have been a monster .
 Do we need another Kiss CD that sounds like every other CD they have ever done ? They break no new ground with this CD . It sounds like a great way to sell a few more albums to the mass fan base and get to tour again . Save your money and your time !!
 I thought i knew the meaning of the word pathetic until i saw some 4o something men running -LRB- or at least trying to -RRB- around in makeup . I love kiss , and that 's why i really would 've preferred they never got together again , firing Bruce and Eric Singer was terrible , but making a record after 18 years that sound exactly like everything else out there and their brothers , ai n't my idea of exitement . If you really want to relive the 70 's , buy some of their older records , when ther really sweated to earn your hard made buck , this record sound like done in a week 's work , and the lyrics -LRB- `` We are this , we are that '' -RRB- are just so selfcentered they bore you . What happended to the hard rock band that captured me and other thousands of people around the globe ? I guess they 're getting every penny they can for their retirement .
 Question
 Before this album came out I was so excited thinking that my favorite band in the world was back in the studio , just the four of them , the sounds of yesteryear were ringing in my head , Peter 's jazz-rock drumming , Ace 's unmistakable power solo 's , etc. . When the album came out I initially liked it , although it did sound somewhat disjointed , and I really did not like the two slow songs-We Are One and I Finally Found My Way-YUCK ! Then I heard about the deception-the fact that Ace and Peter had not played on all the tracks-indeed-I now believe Peter perhaps only played on Into the Void and maybe You Wanted the Best ... And it 's anyones guess what tracks Ace lent his guitar work to , but probably only about half of the songs , sadly . Well , now everytime I try to listen to it , I 'm so bothered by the fact that it is not just the 4 members-as they HYPED the crap out of it-to be that I really have a hard time listening to it . I feel ripped off and betrayed by Kiss , and for me I seriously doubt I can ever listen to this album without wondering if that is Bruce on guitar or Bob , or Eric Singer on drums or someone else . Besides the fact it is not even Kiss 's best effort anyways , and one of the best songs is the Ace song-Into The Void , which almost didnt make the cut !! Gene and Paul , in my opinion , could do for a bit of humbling . People who know Gene are laughing hysterically at reading this , I 'm sure . Also the extra single available on a cd included with the video for Psycho Circus was another Ace song , and it was great , much better than alot of the songs that made it on to the album . In my opinion , Gene and Paul 's egos got in the way of the music , bottom line . I think this album was a mistake for them to make in the way that they did .
 This cd is garbage . Kiss is a has-been . Retire already , guys . You 're rocking chairs await ...
 Review no. 266 . Knew I still had my copy of this Kiss CD , simply had to take a few minutes to dig it up . I 've heard from some of the biggest Kiss fans that I know comment that ` Psycho Circus ' is even worse than ` Unmasked ' - now that 's saying something . I , for one did n't feel this disc was THAT dreadful nor was it good either - it 's so-so . Tunes I thought sort of stood out were `` I Pledge Allegiance To The State Of Rock & Roll '' , `` Into The Void '' , the Top 40-ish `` We Are One '' , maybe `` Dreamin ' '' and `` Journey Of 1,000 Years '' . Their follow-up ` Sonic Boom ' is much better .
 I do n't think anbody in the world was looking more forward to this than me . The songs are hackneyed , with no real hooks or standouts . Can hardly hear Gene on bass - Performances by Ace and Paul 's vocals sound good , but it 's like a great actor with a bad script . The acting does n't save it .
 The first three songs are okay , but after that this thing is totally down the drain . Believe me , I LOVE kiss , but the whole record is like `` LOOKING BACK ON DAYS OF GLORY '' . Examples
 THE BEST BAND IN THE WORLD JUST GOT A CHINK IN THEIR ARMOUR . THEY SHOULD HAVE STOPPED WHILE THEY WERE ON TOP.MISSING CLASSIC PUNCH . PSYHO CIRCUS GIVES A HIT BUT NOTHING ELSE CAN KEEP UP THE PACE .
 I have been a fan since 1976 , so I feel qualified to say this is less than what they could 've done . The Ace tune rocks , the Peter tune s *** s -LRB- his voice is just embarrassing -RRB- , we have the by-the-numbers Paul anthem , and Gene does the brooding thing -- gee all we need now is an ode to someone 's sexual prowess and it 's 1985 all over again . We are smarter than this . The old Kiss albums had fire and blood in the grooves , and they had deceptively complex songs that sounded universal and simple -LRB- if you play , try the time signature of `` Detroit Rock City '' , or play along with Gene 's bass on the early records -RRB- with lyrics that could be taken several different ways . I appreciated the way they turned up the guitar on this one , but I have serious doubts about who played on this -- it 's not exactly like we have n't been down that road before -LRB- Rick Derringer on `` Destroyer '' , studio bassist on `` I Was Made for Loving You '' , Bob Kulick in many instances , etc. -RRB- I was expecting more , as the last two albums `` Revenge '' and `` Carnival of Souls '' were a return to form . `` Revenge '' sounded the most like my favorite album `` Rock and Roll Over '' of any of their post-Ace releases , and `` Carnival . . '' was just given no respect considering the quality . I hated it when Ace left -LRB- not so much Peter , as we got a much better drummer in the late lamented Eric Carr -RRB- and then finally Bruce Kulick started playing great and he 's gone ... I am really happy Ace is back , he 's the best . Peter should have stayed home , he has lost his voice and he never was much of a drummer . Gene and Paul need to remember the formula that worked on the revitalization of `` Revenge '' -- loud songs , a little bit of raunch , good playing , attitude , believability , and minimum B.S. . We like things simple , not stupid . It 's got a lot of potential and I refuse to write them off , because when you think that you 'll miss the next `` Creatures of the Night '' a perfect expression of everything Kiss can do , or the comeback punch of `` Revenge '' coming after the lamest Kiss album `` Hot in the Shade '' . This one is the second lamest . After two months , it 's gathering dust in the rack -LRB- and on the charts and radio -RRB- . Maybe the next one they will quit being so over-the-top and get back to the basics of good loud rock-n-roll . I 'll still be here waiting .
 If Kiss originally sounded like this they would never have become famous ! I love Kiss 's concerts , but their name recognition will make this album sell , not the quality . Within is the only song that stuck in my mind after listening to the album at least 10 times . I have all of the other Paul , Peter , Gene , & Ace albums and 12th row tickets to the Cleveland show . I hope they stick to playing the seventies stuff ! I traded this album in at the record exchange and used the money to buy the new Metallica -LRB- Garage Inc -RRB- . I advise you do the same !
 If everyone actually listens to the words in all the songs they will see that each has a special meaning that deals with real life . Not exactly like the KISS of 20 years ago but things do change . Cd song quality is excellent . Thumbs up guys !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is n't Love Gun . This is n't Destroyer . This is Psycho Circus , and Gene and Paul should be embarassed to put the KISS name on it . I waited years for this and I am sad to say , it stinks with a capital `` S '' . The lyrics are weak , the music is n't well developed , and the Enhanced CD is nothing more than a ploy to get your money . Why could n't they do like Iron Maiden are doing with all of their re-released CD 's , and put videos or a cool screen saver -LRB- the one on it is small and cheesy -RRB- . That would have shown true devotion to their fans , not their wallets . The album 's shining moment on the is `` Into The Void '' , the only Frehley song they include on the USA release . `` Dreamin '' is a rip off , almost rif for rif of `` 18 '' by Alice Cooper . `` Within '' has a good beat , but the lyrics , other than the chorus , could have been improved . `` I Finally Found My Way To You '' , Peter Criss ' shining moment is no `` Beth '' , but very good . The only problem is Peter forgot how to sing . Sorry Pete . All of Stanley 's songs suck , period . The lyrics are weakest of all , and his delivery leaves something to be desired . The most crappy moment of the album is `` We Are One '' , which sounds like something from `` Saved By the Bell '' . I ca n't believe Gene wrote or sang this piece of garbage . I did n't want to hear them sing about self glory . I did n't want to listen to this album and hear what I heard . To me it is almost like going to visit someone who is dying of cancer and , later , wishing you had n't so you could have remembered them in all of their glory . Strong and Vibrant . May Psycho Circus Rest In Peace . Amen .
 Frehley and Criss do n't play on the record , for the most part , so it 's a dishonest effort , and deceitful since no credits were given to the musicians who actually played drums and lead guitar.Why Kiss did this is beyond me.The songs are n't that good either . The production is too slick , and absent the chopsticks quality that Ace and Peter gave Kiss during the classic years , it 's sterile .
 The attempt to make another Destroyer fell very short . The title track is easily the best song on this album . It was obvious right away that Peter Criss was n't playing on it ... he does ' t have that kind of talent so why go in and make this album at all ? Before it even came out you knew that Peter would be singing a ballad . `` I Finally Found My Way '' is no `` Beth '' or `` Hard Luck Woman . '' The rest of it is just too soft . There is no heavy drum sound . It almost like a weak Lick It Up minus the better songs . Get back with Eric and Bruce ! Do n't worry about makinganother Destroyer . I 'll be satisfied with another Revenge .
 After waiting for years for the original Kiss lineup to reunite , I really hate to say this
 I really wish the band would knock off all of their merchandise gimmicks and put more effort into their lyrical and musical content . The `` enhanced '' CD is lame and only raises the price of the CD . Carnival of Souls really rocked once I listened to it a few times . PC does not do the same . After listening to PC a few times I was so disgusted that I took it out of the CD palyer and listened to Carnival again , wishing that Bruce and Eric were back . I wish I could get a refund on PC and go buy the new remastered Asylum . THAT was KISS at their greatest . On Creatures , Lick it Up and Asylum KISS rocked , period . They were not commercially minded , trying to sell you a KISS can opener or some other piece of crap IN THE CD JACKET for crying out loud ! The music on PC is marginal at best . They traded in two superior musicians Bruce Kulick and Eric Singer for commercial gain . By the way , I have been a devout KISS Army member for 17 years and always will be , please get Eric and Bruce back and get back to the business of rocking like the KISS I grew up with , not this merchandise minded abomination .
 Sorry , but this album failed simply because it sucks.I 've been a Kiss fan since 1977 . In 1998 , however , Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley tried so hard to bring back memory lane that they ended up writing the stupidiest lyrics ever and some of the worst melodies in their repertoire . Songs like `` You Wanted the Best '' and `` We Are One '' are simply embarrasing . '' ... and I see my face looking back at me ... '' '' ... you wanted the best , ahhhhh , yeah ... '' -LRB- Well deserved `` One Star '' for Ace Frehley 's cool guitar solos -RRB- .
 AFTER 1977 KISS LOST ITS CHEMISTRY AND ACE AND PETER DIDNT HAVE WHAT IT WOULD TAKE TO BE WITH GENE AND PAUL ... THERE ARE SOME GOOD SONGS ON HERE ... BUT THAT DOES NOT JUSTIFY A GREAT ALBUM ... The opening track and within and we are one are the highlights.This album lacks focus , and Paul probably did his worst songwriting since HOT IN THE SHADE.This album is overproduced , like UNMASKED , and UNMASKED is better.It tries to have a theme like the ELDER with the Circus thing and the `` we lover our fans songs '' . It tries to be commercial like CRAZY NIGHTS.So ... if you like Unmasked and Crazy Nights and Hot in the Shade I recommended ... if you want the real kiss listen to KISS thru Love Gun , the 3 solo albums sans Criss , Dynasty , Creaturs , Lick it Up , Revenge and Unplugged ... okay?OKIT 'S OBVIOUS KISS MAKES BETTER MUSIC WITH SINGER AND KULICK ... IT 'S A SHAME CUZ THE FIRST 3 ALBUMS AND ALIVE ARE TRULY AMAZING ...
 I used to be a Kiss fan but this album is terrible . Ace ca n't play guitar anymore and Peter never could play drums . I ca n't believe Paul and Gene fired the two best musicians of Kiss , Mr. Bruce Kulick and Mr. Eric Singer .
 Kiss is a lame band with their image only covering for their many songs with inane lyrics with their makeup and concerts . They could ` nt write a song if their lives depended on it . If you want metal , buy a Metallica CD . If you want moronic disgiuses and Cd titles like `` Psycho-Circus '' buy KISS.By the way , only the dumbest band in the world would try to get cash by getting Tood MacFarlane to create a series of comic books and action figures !
 I was mislead when I bought this item , and I want to clarify for anyone else who might be wondering
 There 's nothing worse than a bunch or overweight middle aged men trying to go back to their party days . This is pure trash , if you want KISS , go to LICK IT UP . Their BEST CD ever . This is forgettable music .
 Just when you think KISS ca n't get any lower , they sell you Psycho Circus . Simply put , I enjoyed last years root canal more than this CD . We , as KISS fans , deserve this shoddy product because we do n't walk away from these jerks . Clearly we should have moved on after Unmasked , but nooooooooooooooo , we foolishly think KISS will get better , here 's proof that they wo n't , ca n't , refuse or simply are unable to recapture the music from their early lp 's .
 OK , this album/Cd has been out for a few years now . I bought it when it initially came out and have not listed to it much , but pulled it out today and gave it another shot . My thoughts on it are about the same as when it came out ... side 1 is good and stands by itself as good as it gets to being `` classic '' Kiss , or at least the 90 's version . The Ace tune `` Into the Void '' is the real highlight , and even Paul 's Anthem `` Pledge . . '' is good if not a bit light lyrically.Side 2 is where the problems start . OK I will be frank . It is pure -LSB- disappointment -RSB- etc. , you get my drift . The 2 Paul songs sound like they belong on the mid-late 80 's `` hair band '' version of Kiss . The Peter Criss ballad is just plain horrible and a -LSB- disappointing -RSB- attempt at recreating `` Beth '' . The only song on side 2 worth mentioning is `` Journey of 1000 Years '' . I love it ... I am also a big fan of Prog rock so this is probably why . Very Beatles like with big bass ... crank it up and see what I am talking about ! but unfortunately this one excellent track does not make a record.I am really ashamed to admit that I bought this album , and think Kiss could have done lots better . Shame on Gene $ immons for brining in outside musicians to replace Peter and Ace . Your scheme backfired on you I hate to say .
 It seems that Simmons/Stanley have become so full of themselves at their advanced ages that they now believe that extremely weak songs by the 2 of them -LRB- Just think `` Hot In The Shade '' or any of the other embarassing efforts on their collective parts -RRB- are much better than anything Peter or Ace may have to offer . In fact , this whole album feels like Paul & Gene saying , `` Ace , Pete -- we have the power here , & we 're still -LRB- ... -RRB- . Our songs are far superior to anything you have a part in , and we 're REALLY Kiss , not you ! `` Wrong , fellas . Dead wrong.Ace 's sole contribution , `` into the Void '' is light years beyond the rest of this -LRB- stuff -RRB- . Granted , Pete 's song -LRB- as sappily penned by none other than Paul -RRB- is not good , either , but would n't it have been nice to get one last classic KISS album as opposed to Gene/Paul scraps ? Guys , you ai n't the band by yourselves , no matter what you think . -LRB- ... -RRB- , the 4 of them did n't even play together on most of this album . Even a -LRB- bad -RRB- effort by all 4 throughout would have somehow seemed fulfilling , in a weird , disjointed sort of way -- at least they would have failed as KISS -LRB- more Frehley would have prevented this fate , I assure you -RRB- instead of Simmons/Stanley 's musical rummage sale , which was the product that we actually got -LRB- Ace & Peter are FULL members , guys , whether you like it or not -RRB- . I grew up a masive , worshipful fan . As I get older , the egos of Stanley/Simmons now overpower what might have been an awesome finish to one of my favorite bands of all time . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this disc . Buy some classic Kiss & wait for Ace 's next solo instead . When they were a band , they -LRB- were great -RRB- . Now , as a simple , corporate entity dominated by 2 bitter members who refuse to forgive & forget , they just -LRB- are bad -RRB- .
 Fans of the Original KISS saw this album as a dream come true
 I ca n't give this album a more generous rating . I will not even discuss the quality of the music . The trouble here is of a different subject.This product was advertised as a KISS reunion , be it
 This is supposed to be the big reunion album right ? Well , you will be interested to know that Ace Frehley said that he only played on half the album and Peter , like on DYNASTY , only played drums on one song , `` Into the void '' . `` We are one '' is a good song but most of the album is very cheesy and lacking in the originality and raw sound of 1970s KISS . It 's obvious that they arent together on this record , it doesent sound anything like the old KISS . Do n't get me wrong KISS is one of a kind but even they admitted it 's over musically . Stick to the 1970s recordings . Anything from KISS -LRB- 1974 -RRB- to DYNASTY -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . PSYCHO CIRCUS is not essential nor is it a fair introduction to this phenomenal group .
 I THOUGHT THE SELF TITLED ALBUM `` THE GETO BOYS '' WAS THE ORIGINAL VERSION . IT SOUNDS MUCH BETTER . THE RAPS ON THIS ALBUM SEEM LIKE THEY HAVE NO LIFE . IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE PICK UP `` THE GETO BOYS '' TITLE INSTEAD . TRUST ME YOU WO N'T BE DISSAPOINTED .
 This item showed to be in stock when I ordered it . It was never shipped . I would not have ordered if I knew it was not in stock .
 Saw this CD on Listmania , read some reviews and decided to try it out . I found it pretty boring . Repetitive and dull . Save yourself some time and SKIP THIS .
 WORST CD EVERDONT BUYWILL ANNOY YOUHORRIBLE SINGINGBADHORRIBLE
 I love The B-52 's and have almost all of their albums , but sadly , here , they seem to be losing their footing with this project `` Bouncing Off the Satellites . '' Not only had their guitarist , Ricky Wilson -LRB- Cindy 's brother -RRB- died , but they were just beginning to sound fresh out of ideas . I love almost every B-song I 've ever heard , but here they seem like they 're getting old . The lyrics of the songs sound flat and uninspired . This album is really a continuation of their underrated gem 1983 project , `` Whammy ! , '' which was excellent . They continue to have the synth and drum machine sound using sessionmen . The album has a bit of a weak opening , but is blessed with a wonderful performance by Kate Pierson on `` Summer Of Love . '' Next , Cindy Wilson takes over in a solo called , `` Girl From Ipanema Goes To Greenland . '' Do n't get me wrong , there is some fun to be had here , like Kate Pierson 's wonderfully quirky and kitschy solo , `` Housework . '' There is also another very funny song , one of my favorites , `` Wig . '' There 's also an couple of good songs on Side 2 like `` Theme For A Nude Beach , '' and `` Juicy Jungle , '' penned by Fred Schneider and sung by him , a song about the destruction of the Amazon rain forests . It 's easy to forgive The B-52 's a screw-up because after all , a band member has died , and it seems like something missing , which shows in the uneven and uninspired , flat performances . I can easily , very , very , very easily forgive The B 's for not sounding as spirited with Ricky 's death , but that does not make listening to this album any more fun or much of a pleasure , either , and after a while , it gets quite boring .
 B-52 's albums released in the mid-80s do n't exactly tickle my fancy at all , since they 'd pretty much abandoned their original sound and had n't yet come upon that overproduced late-decade Nile Rodgers dance sound which became so infectious -LRB- and so chartworthy -RRB- . This is n't really an exception , though it shows the band moving away from the dull cheese-fest `` Whammy ! '' into a collection of actual songs . I give the band credit for the gorgeous pop of `` Summer Of Love '' and `` Ai n't It A Shame , '' and the bizarre synth excursions of `` Detour Thru Your Mind '' and `` Girl From Ipanema Goes To Greenland , '' but the rest of the album is basically a studio mess -LRB- `` Housework '' ? Give me a break -RRB- , not helped at all by the death of Ricky Wilson . Most of the bandmembers worked solo for this release , therefore drawing possible comparisons to the White Album , were the White Album about 50 million times less good than it actually is .
 Easily the worst and most disappointing album in the Smiths ' catalog . Here the group tries to tackle every cause under the sun , and come up with an album that sounds flat and uninspired . There is n't even one song on the album I can recommend . There are some good Smiths albums , notably The Queen is Dead . Meanwhile , Meat is Murder , like a rotting carcass , should be given a wide berth .
 I love `` How Soon is Now ? '' The rest of the album is just ok . Not my type of music . Buyer beware !
 I love the Smiths and have all of their albums but this CD is their worst !! Sounds like a poor or rushed effort . All clickers save for How Soon Is Now . I do n't get all of the praises I 'm reading .
 VINYL BUYERS BEWARE !! The vinyl version DOES NOT include `` How Soon is Now ? '' and is actually the original UK version of the vinyl . I hate to say that I specifically purchased an album for one song , but I am guilty of that , and was really looking forward to jamming this particular song with my friends . Unfortunately the vinyl is missing this single , even though the product description says U.S. version!So , if you are looking for `` How Soon is Now ? '' on vinyl , try to locate the U.S. version , not the UK.Otherwise the rest of this album is pretty mediocre , sonics are n't that great and it does n't really make me want to get up and jump around like most albums should.Oh well ... what 's $ 28 ? -LRB- That was sarcasm -RRB- .
 I listen to Disc 2 every single day . I have others , but certain songs on this CD really touches me . As I strive to walk closer with the Lord , some obstacle always seems to find its way into my pathway . But when I listen to `` Closer '' and `` Nothing Else Matters '' my mind is clear of all that is going wrong that day or in my life . Why ? Because I know that there is a God up above that seats high and looks low and will not let any hurt , harm , or danger come upon His children that love Him and want to do right by His will . It 's trully my inspiration .
 I 'm afraid I 'm seem to be in the minority here , but I really do n't enjoy this particular Wow Gospel album . In fact , in comparison to all of them so far , including the latest one , this is the one I enjoy the least . There are a lot of songs that I ca n't get into because they aim to be more `` fluffy '' than substantial , especially on disc 1 . This wow is simply one I can not keep listening too , except for Shackles , Closer , and Rejoice -LRB- especially Closer by Lamar Campbell and co , which really ministers to me -RRB- . Once by Londa Larmond is another favorite . If I would have gotten this when it came out , I would have been listening to this song everyday . But since I have her album , I must admit that the novelty has worn off somewhat.This is truly my least favorite . This was from the 2000 season mostly , where it seemed gospel artists were trying way too hard to be `` cool '' and appeal to the masses but missing a lot of substance . It 's just not one I can just listen to over and over , like the 1st 2 in the series . Even 2000 and 2002 are a little better than this one .
 Back when I first bought this , I would have given it 4 stars but like a lot of artists did during that decade , they opted for a `` modern '' sound which is fine -- for that time . Now I do n't listen to it at all . `` Stages '' and `` Delirious '' are still good , but on the rest of the songs the pounding electronic rythms and synthesizers drown everything else out . Their earlier albums hold up better because they do n't use as much studio B.S. to flesh their songs out .
 It 's the first day of Fall in 2011 and I finally have a handle on the ZZ Top cd Afterburner . I bought this cd a couple of days ago at Walmart for $ 5 and some change . I also bought `` Rio Grande Mud '' which I consider a classic . Ok , so the band was riding high in the 80 's just after the album Eliminator . So , how does one follow up Eliminator ? Ok , go even more techno and expand on songs about sex.Songs about sex or body parts : Pearl Necklace -- a song about ejaculating around a woman 's neck.Legs -- about legs of courseI Got the Six ----- Six inch Penis , 9 inch vaginaOk , so Billy , Dusty and Frank thought it good to expand on this grand subject of sex and body parts . On Afterburner we got `` Woke up With Wood '' , a song about a man waking up with an erection and a gal having fun with said erection . So move on to Oral Sex with `` Dipping Low -LRB- In the Lap of Luxury -RRB- . Really , these songs were weak and dumb . In prior albums we had songs like `` Fool For Your Stockings '' which was very suggestive but still tasteful . Another such song was `` Thank You '' , again very suggestive but still clever.On Afterburner I find myself enjoying just a couple of songs
 The boys from Texas followed up their smash album `` Eliminator '' with a similar sounding album that features far fewer good songs . The burner `` Sleeping Bag '' opens things well enough , but it is not until you get to track four and the ballad `` Rough Boy '' that you get another first rate song . Of the rest , only the ready made dance hit `` Velcro Fly '' makes any impression . It is probably no accident that after this album , ZZ Top turned back in a more blues oriented direction that defined them in the 70s .
 This is a real low point in ZZ Top 's catalog . Eliminator was decent , though the music was buried under layers of synthesizers and drum tracks . But still , Gim me All Your Lovin ' and Sharp Dressed Man were good rockers . However , on Afterburner , ZZ Top simply forgets that they are a rock band . There is almost no guitar here . It 's just keyboards and fake drums . Absolute garbage ! This is a disgrace , especially when compared to the group 's excellent works , Tres Hombres and Deguello.Avoid this album at all costs .
 That album was certainly the worst of ZZ TOP ! At the first hearing of the electronic sound you know that you will never listen to it again . The riffs are OK , but the futuristic sounds will sent you chills down to your spine . A one-listening album .
 Further proof that everything they did after Deguello was an embarrassing waste of time !
 there really good i love the music but they need to shave im just asking amazon books and zztop rules
 Except for the outstanding track , `` On the Other Hand , '' this album failed to capture me . Check out Old 8 x 10 instead
 Always the same thing with soundtrack albums , I keep them for 2-3 songs only.This one is kept for `` N'sel fik '' , one the best algerian song I ever heard . Also kept for `` Downtown '' by Lloyd Cole a magnificiant harmonica song -LRB- my favorite from him -RRB- . Ca n't stand all of Skinny puppy 's songs and this one is no execption .
 `` Hand in hand '' is an album released during the 1988 Olympic Summer Games in Seoul , South Korea . The title song became an international success , and may be the only Korean song ever to become a number one hit in Sweden.The band Koreana must be the ultimate one hit wonder!The song is n't particularly good , and the rest of the album is even weaker . Why would anyone want to buy this album ? It 's probably for gift shop enthusiasts only . But yes , the 1988 summer games were memorable for other reasons.Ben Johnson and Carl Lewis , anyone ?
 I bought this album with the impression from ` ever fallen in love ' on the Shrek 2 soundtrack . I liked that song a great deal , so i took the chance and got this , his latest album.I have to agree with many of the reviews I read before I wrote this
 Okay , a couple of qualifiers . First off , I 've had no prior exposure to Peter Yorn before this disc so I ca n't compare it to any of his earlier of work . I 'm coming at it completely ignorant of who he is . Two , at 47 YO , I 'm probably approaching Oldfogeyland , so you can take that into account.That said , this disc just does n't have much to recommend it . It 's got one absolutely beautifully crafted pop song -LRB- `` Alive '' -RRB- , a couple of passable tunes that do n't quite make it -LRB- `` For Us '' and `` Undercover '' -RRB- , a decent enough cover -LRB- `` Splendid Isolation '' -RRB- and 10 other tunes that seem to be little more than music by rote . Either Yorn is not terribly talented or not terribly interested in all this -- given the craftmanship of `` Alive '' , I suspect the latter.As others have noted , the production is an extremely thick , `` wall of sound '' approach . Normally , I 'd wonder why such an approach was adopted for a singer-songwriter like Yorn , but given the structural weakness of most of the material , it seems like the production team was simply doing their best to coax some coherent material from the sessions . Reinforcing the above notion , the production is not quite as thick on the stronger numbers.Lyrically , Yorn 's voice is generally lost in the production , but where I was able to make out his lines , he did n't seem to have much to say . Again , a seeming lack of interest . Musically , he 's got a sweet voice with a nice range -- at times , you can almost hear whispers of Jeff Buckley in it , which is pretty high praise.Really , as much as I 'd like to like this disc , there 's just so little going on musically and lyrically that it 's impossible to recommend it . `` Alive '' is an instant power pop classic -- a song that we 'll be listening to in 20 years -- but the rest of the disc seems to be little more than filler , both musically and lyrically . Actually , Yorn himself says it best in the final song : `` So here we are nowA couple of foolsDriving around hereWith nothing to do . `` Indeed .
 Love Pete Yorn but the vinyl version of Nightcrawler is awful . It 's to low in volume and sounds compressed and muddy.Wonder if anyone else as noticed this?I also have the CD version so I played that at the same volume level as the vinyl and the sound was a lot better and a lot louder !!! . Whoever mixed this for the vinyl version should be sacked .
 I 'm not sure I heard the same CD as everyone else in these reviews ... this has a few bright spots , but overall , its a weak effort . I love PY , and I was so looking forward to this new record - I wish I liked it more than I do.I like Nightcrawler a little more than the first time I listened ... it 's been a slow grower . Songs I like
 I liked Pete Yorn 's other releases , but this one is not that good . What I mean by that is , the best song on the album is Undercover which is a song from the Spider-Man soundtrack years ago , that was included on this album for some reason . Thank goodness it was because without it , the album would not even be worth having . I do n't know what happened but this album just is n't that good compared to his first 2 albums . His other releases had some standout songs on it , this one does n't at all . Hopefully his next release will be much better . Say maybe more like his debut album , which is still his best album to date .
 I was a huge fan of DM albums like Music for the Masses , Black Celebration , and Violator . I also enjoyed People are People , some songs on Broken Frame and much of Speak and Spell . But , most of this record never did anything for me . It is rare for me to have had a tape in the 80s that I did n't really try to like from bands I liked . But , a few songs like Lie to Me are good as I recall , but People are People is a stronger `` early Mode '' post Speak and Spell choice . Stick with Music for the Masses , Violator , Black Celebration , People are People , and Speak and Spell .
 I 've never understood why so many people place this at the top of the Replacements canon . The songs are fantastic , but the album sounds like the producer -LRB- Tommy Ramone by the way -RRB- put a layer of plastic over the recording . The lead guitar is never allowed to roar , and the sloppiness that made the Replacements so fantastic is reigned in . That being said , `` here comes a regular '' is one of the greatest songs ever written , and the rest of the album is n't bad , but it could have been much better since the songs are there . The next album is way over produced , but the sound is way more open , making it a far better album , even though they kicked Bob Stinson out after Tim . Personally , I like all the early albums a lot better . The early `` hardcore '' stuff is n't really that much different from the later stuff , its just less polished . I really ca n't get past the horrible production . This album is way overrated as is and would be vastly improved by a remix !
 Waitress in the Sky may have amused some back in the eighties.After 9/11 this no longer flys . And on behalf of all flight attendants , it never did .
 This album stinks . But buy it anyway . I need the dough !!!!
 They where the best band in the world , but this is maybe their worst album . By something else !
 2 stars because of songs like `` Animal Boy `` and `` Apeman Hop '' . The others are just down right stupid . This began the trend of bad Ramones Albums unleast until 1992 .
 This a lame , lame Ramones record . The only good tune is My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down . I ca n't believe anyone bothered to reissue this on cd . You are a complete sucker if you buy this cd .
 The orchestral sound for this recording is so blurred and atrocious , I can not understand what the `` producers '' were thinking . Does Opera d'Oro ` cheapens ' it on purpose ? How can the original source be so bad ? And if so , why release it , then ? Not for more than a buck , sorry . Because yes ; Nilsson is interesting to hear and Fricasy was a great one , but the orchestral colors of this beautiful score need decent sound ; and this is in-decent .
 Source
 The sound varies quite a bit on this CD but the macho posturing does not . All the themes are the same and with nothing to say , it 's just tiresome , the ATL are baaaad blah blah blah . Stick to LIVING LIKE HUSTLERS .
 ALL THE BEST SONGS ARE ON OTHER ALBUMS.This is an audio recording from multi-media presentations . Much of the material is geared around visuals and Anderson 's stage personnae . This is like listening to a television broadcast of a football game without the picture . You get the general idea what is going on , but you miss a lot . It is not like listening to a football game over the radio , where the broadcasters explain what you are n't seeing.Without the visuals to go with this CD , many of the stories and jokes come up flat.This CD set is about 4 and a half hours long . It was taken from several years of Anderson 's live shows that eventually became the United States . Each CD more or less covers a specific `` tour '' . Her back up band changes from CD to CD . You can tell that as time goes on , she gets more famous -LRB- and maybe has more money -RRB- she is able to add more to the shows -LRB- and her backup band gets bigger -RRB- . The sound quality is amazingly good . It is sharp and crystal clear . There is almost no audience noise , which does help create a good atmosphere for her stories.About 80 % of the material is spoken word . There is some music . It is probably less than 45 minutes of the total 4 and a half hour production.The recordings come from early in her career . She later redid most of the best material and put in on other albums.I would suggest getting her other CD 's . Or if you want to see her performance art work , I would suggest searching out the Home Of the Brave VHS tape -LRB- I do n't think it has been released on DVD -RRB- . Do n't get the Home of the Brave CD .
 It took Robyn awhile to hit stride after the departure of Kimberly Rew . Fegmania ! along with Soft Boy 's Underwater Moonlight are gems from pop heaven . For who prefer stark accoustic brilliance , Robyn Hitchcock 's Eye , and I Often Dream of Trains are highly recommended .
 It was the wrong cd and did not even have a case for it . I got ripped off by whoever sold it to me .
 Beware ... this is not remastered -LRB- It has the same crappy sound quality as my original cd that came out in 1985 -RRB- . How can amazon charge this much money for this and put a 1997 issue date on it ?! Anyway , poor mastering aside , this as a stellar `` lost Gem '' by Aerosmith that gets 5 stars for the songs , but only 1 star for not being remastered . Every song Rocks . Just do n't buy it until it gets remastered -LRB- the first 3 songs are available remastered on The Aerosmith Anthology -RRB- .
 I have to say Done with Mirrors is a disappointment . Maybe the title has to do with the fact that trickery was used to make this album seem like a finished work . Seems like it was pretty hastily slabbed together . And while I do like the live , raw feel to the compositions , it does not make up for the fact that the songs are lacking personality , musically and lyrically . Nothing really stands out from the muffled blues-rock drone , despite a couple of moderately interesting tracks -LRB- My Fist Your Face and The Hop -RRB- . Seems rushed really , maybe trying to cash in on the hype of the band being back together again after 6 years apart . So , while I applaude the fact that little production and mix magic was used as in some of their more resent stuff , I ca n't quite accept the apparent lack of effort and enthusiam put forth . Barely got 39 minutes out of it , even with a rerecorded Perry solo and bonus track .
 I do n't remember recommending this album because it is not the best of Aerosmith by any stretch of the imagination . However , 2 songs are note-worthy
 A MORE RAUNCHY , MORE UNKNOWN MIXED BAG OF AEROSMITH SONGS . RELEASED IN 1985 `` DONE WITH MIRRORS '' IS AEROSMITH 'S FIRST OF ORIGINAL MUSIC SINCE THEY OFFICALLY DISBANDED IN 1982 . WITH THIS EFFORT SOMETHING IS MISSING THE BAND DID N'T HAVE THAT CERTAIN ENERGY WHICH THEY SHOWED TWO YEARS LATER IN 1987 WITH `` PERMANENT VACATION '' TO ME THEIR TRUE COMEBACK ALBUM AND PROBBALY THE BEST OF THEIR CARRER . DONE WITH MIRRORS WAS DONE IN HASTE AND THAT 'S WHY IT WAS CONSIDERED TO BE VERY WEAK AND A COMERCIAL DISSATER . BUT THERE WERE AT LEAST TWO GOOD TRACKS ON IT , `` LET THE MUSIC DO THE TALKING '' AND `` MY FIST , YOUR FACE '' . OTHERWISE IF YOU 'RE A TRUE AEROSMITH FAN LIKE MYSELF SKIP THIS ENTRY AND GO ON TO PERMANENT VACATION AEROSMITH 'S ALL TIME BEST .
 In 1984 the original members of Aerosmith reunited and entered the studio to record an album that would make them good again . They had n't had a monster smash album since 1976 -LRB- Rocks , pick it up -RRB- . Draw the Line went platinum but most fans thought it was a let down . Night in the Ruts flopped even though it was pretty good . Then came Rock in a Hard Place which is one of the worst albums ever . Things were not looking good as they entered the studio . When they emerged they had an album that sounded like the Aerosmith of old but yet just could n't capture their old magic . This album failed to sell and their comeback prospects seemed even darker than before .1 . Let the Music Do the Talking . 7/10 Pretty good tune that they still play in concert . Best song on the album .2 . My Fist You Face . 5/10 Has some funny lyrics but just is n't very memorable .3 . Shame on You . 3/10 Not very good , fortunately it is very forgettable .4 . The Reason A Dog . 6/10 Good rock song with good lyrics .5 . Shela . 1/10 I always skip this one . Really bad song .6 . Gypsy Boots . 3/107 . She 's On Fire . 4/10 The chorus is n't that bad .8 . The Hop . 1/10 Just makes you scratch your head cause it 's so bad .9 . Darkness . 1/10 Really bad song that closes the album softer than a pin drop.This album is Aerosmith 's second worst and should be avoided by anyone unless they are a hardcore fan or a completeist . Aerosmith is a great rock band and have many more albums that are much better . Get Toys in the Attic , or the real comeback album Permenant Vacation .
 `` Thirteen year old hookersTake a sack right trough the barsYou wonder why the man 's outside the doorJunior achivers , got the old bull by the hornsBack in the saddle gets you soreMy fist your faceThat 's for sure `` I think that 's all I have to say!I listened to this album once the whole way through and ca n't say there 's one good song on it . `` Let The Music Do The Talkin ' '' and `` The Hop '' are passable , but that 's it , passable . The rest is just ... terrible ! Man , what a dissapointment ! I 'm sorry I ca n't seem to formulate an intellegent opinion on the music but it was such a bad listen that I think I 'm still reeling from the shock . Stay VERY FAR away from this . I ca n't believe the band and the record company let this one slip through .
 If you want all the Aerosmith albums , then buy this one last -LRB- even after the tribute albums , which are better than this garbage ! -RRB- The songs are flat & for the most part unlistenable . I think all the other albums are good/great , but this one -LSB- is n't -RSB- . I do n't think they could make another album this bad if they keep making albums when they 're 80 years old ! There 's a good reason why this album 's price is so cheap -- they ca n't sell it any other way .
 I am a big fan of this band , but the last few CDS of theres that i bought are real bad , especially this one , i think its the worst , even the like maybe 2 good songs are only mediocre , the rest is boring and it sounds like it was recorded with really old equipment . dont buy it
 The title says it all ... there is no good songs on here at all ... I am a pure Aerosmith fan , and I have just about all of their cds except Box Of Fire , A Little South Of Sanity , Rocks , Draw The Line , Get Your Wings , and A Rock In A Hard Place . And I must say , I have mistaken my money for this thing . It only has 9 miserable songs on there ... whew ! I 'm just glad it was n't 15 or something . The reason they did so poorly , is because they were all stoned when they made this cd -LRB- no offence , but its true -RRB- . And the second reason was that they just got back together after breaking up from drug addiction problems . But I am VERY glad they woke up by Permenant Vacation . But my advice is just do n't get this cd , it is very terrible and one of the worst cds you will hear in music quality and in sound quality . Undertiming of the cd too . It is only like 40:00 long and thats it . If you want a good cd try Permenant Vacation , Pump , or Nine Lives . The best out of those three would be Permenant Vacation ... I do n't know why nobody agrees with me , but take my advice and save your money on this one and buy Permenant Vacation . Or Pump . Or Get A Grip . Or something else ...
 This is Aerosmith 's worst album . Thankfully , it 's still listenable . There 's simply not any high points . If you to hear `` let the music do the talking '' you 're better off getting the Joe Perry Project version . After this album , the group cleaned up their act and starting making good albums again . All this album is the group trying desperately to capture the brilliance of their '70s masterpieces . They still have their signature sound but the songs just do n't cut it .
 I consider myself an Aersomith fan ... I got all their albums and I think that this is their worth album , remember that they wrote this it when they were trying to get together again ... but this was n't a good try , they were trying to be the same bad boys as their golden years , but they WAS N'T . Maybe it 's a good rock album , but it just is n't Aerosmith .
 Although it is the last album the band put together all by themselves , before Geffen kicked in with professional songwriters and slick pop producers , it does not deserve a place alongside their 70s catalogue , or even the early 80s washout ` Rock in a Hard Place ' . The band just does n't sound good here . The songs seem a tad unfinished , the production is horrid -LRB- not merely raw , which would have been good - but downright sloppy , to the point where it bogs down the material -RRB- , and Steven Tyler just does n't seem all there . His voice was fading - probably due to self-abuse - although he would eventually strengthen those pipes for subsequent releases . Here , his voice is dark and raspy , and brings down some potentially decent melodies.This is not an underrated gem , but it is full of unrealized potential and if the band was n't still grappling with addiction at the time it was recorded , it could have been the start of a more honest comeback . Songs like `` Shela '' and `` The Hop '' have Aerosmith almost rocking as hard & brilliantly as ever , but stopping short due to lackluster delivery.Aerosmith fans should eventually check it out , but only after they 've already got all the classic albums .
 Although it is the last album the band put together all by themselves , before Geffen kicked in with professional songwriters and slick pop producers , it does not deserve a place alongside their 70s catalogue , or even the early 80s washout ` Rock in a Hard Place ' . The band just does n't sound good here . The songs seem a tad unfinished , the production is horrid -LRB- not merely raw , which would have been good - but downright sloppy , to the point where it bogs down the material -RRB- , and Steven Tyler just does n't seem all there . His voice was fading - probably due to self-abuse - although he would eventually strengthen those pipes for subsequent releases . Here , his voice is dark and raspy , and brings down some potentially decent melodies.This is not an underrated gem , but it is full of unrealized potential and if the band was n't still grappling with addiction at the time it was recorded , it could have been the start of a more honest comeback . Songs like `` Shela '' and `` The Hop '' have Aerosmith almost rocking as hard & brilliantly as ever , but stopping short due to lackluster delivery.Aerosmith fans should eventually check it out , but only after they 've already got all the classic albums .
 Let 's put it this way ... at least they made up for this with `` Permanent Vacation '' . This is really the only sour fruit to come off of Aerosmith 's tree over all of their years of making music . This is one of those types of albums that you 'd hear OTHER aging rockers making -LRB- like the new Lynyrd Skynyrd , or The Rolling Stones -RRB- now because they 've basically run out of ideas , but do n't know how to do anything else . The only reason these types of albums sell any copies at all is because they have such a loyal fanbase . Do n't get me wrong , I love Aerosmith ! They 're NOT one of those `` aging rockers '' because they stay up with the times , and are definitely the best American rock band ever -LRB- if not the best World rock band ever -RRB- , but this album is just bad . Avoid it . Even `` A Rock In A Hard Place '' without the licks of Joe Perry and Brad Whitford is beter than this getting-back-on-track album . At least they made up for it since .
 When the best song here is Joe Perry 's rescued `` Let The Music Do The Talking , '' which he wrote during the `` Night In The Ruts '' period , you know something 's amiss in the Aerosmith attic . While not as bad as `` Rock In A Hard Place , '' the reunited Toxic Twins got a label deal on the strength of the very profitable reunion tour that Aerosmith staged themselves . Geffen signed them , not because they were ready to make a new album , but because they saw the profit margin of the concert trek . `` Done With Mirrors '' proves that Aerosmith were just not ready to go back into a studio . `` My Fist Your Face '' is wretchedly misogynist , even by Aerosmith 's sleazy standards . -LRB- Think `` Uncle Salty '' or `` Lick and a Promise . '' -RRB- The remaining songs sound like they needed some woodshedding , though `` Shela '' came pretty close to sounding competent . Even the sound quality sounds off . It 's a good thing they took a two year break before getting `` Permeant Vacation '' out , because this is the kind of album that could have killed the band off for good .
 Done with Mirrors continues the Aerosmith tradition -LRB- started with Draw the Line -RRB- of bad albums with exactly one good song on them . In this case the one good song is the first one , called `` Let the Music Do the Talking . '' They borrowed a riff from `` Draw the Line '' for this song but it fit in nicely . `` Gypsy '' is not bad but a lot of the songs are embarassing , the work of forty year old men with nothing to say churning out a hard rock album.At its budget price I ca n't say to avoid this album but do n't expect an entire CD full of good songs . Think of it as a single with `` Let the Music do the Talking '' and a bunch of second-rate B sides .
 I am a huge fan of Aerosmith , just not of this album . A couple good songs -LRB- particularly ` The Hop ' -RRB- but unfortunately the whole exercise just feels like the band ran out of studio time . Songs are rough drafts and the production is barely adequate . Ted Templeton must have recorded this one is his garage . The autobiography ` Walk This Way ' -LRB- a must read for any fan -RRB- discusses how the album and its lackluster sales forced the band to dry out once and for all . The next release was ` Permanent Vacation ' and Aerosmith was back ! So , perhaps the album served its purpose .
 This is the album that they all put together , after being apart . It 's certainly not their best . I dare say it is the worst - HOWEVER - there is NO bad Aerosmith song - just some that are not as good . There are some good ones on there , and if you are a true AeroFan , you MUST add this to your collection . I have n't listened to it as much as my others , but I must admit it is not as bad as everyone says . And the fact that they had just gotten back together and beaten the odds , and were on their way back to the top ALONE should convince you to get this . And it 's cheaper than the others , too . So go for it ! It could end up being your favorite !
 This here is definitely it ! I think this album is hot and every R. Kelly-fan should have this album . I especially like the new Marvin Gaye-sound he 's put in some tracks . I only have one small comment ... I think he should stop using the Fiesta-sound -LRB- Snake -RRB- . Although I like the song , it 's getting old and boring now . Personally I have some questionmarks about his innocence , but one thing I know for sure is that this man has the gift of constantly putting dope albums out there !
 I do n't intend to be mean , since Lil ' Ed seems like a nice fun guy , but this is nothing but a lounge act , or juke joint band . He may be fun after you 've had 10 beers , and everybody is sweating on you on the dance floor , but this is definitely not powerful electric blues . Ed 's voice has no dynamic features at all . In fact there are only 2 songs on the CD that I would ever listen to more than twice . Obviously , Ed has a sense of humor , based on his `` Icicles In My Meatloaf '' song , but other than one other song , there is no `` Blues Meat '' on this CD . To be frank , I doubt anyone with real blues expertise and experience could possibly rate this above mediocre . Again , I 'm sorry Lil ' Ed , but just like the Budweiser Clydesdale 's , though they are horses , you do n't see anyone betting on them in the Kentucky Derby ! Shaq says you need to decide if you want to order meatloaf .
 let 's hear it for disney.they screwed up the entire spirit of the muppets on this movie , and on the recycled album.there is no more spirit of adventure or zany antics , just a stupid urbanized tale - but it does not work.the CGI was cheap , the songs were uninspiring , and the plot was expected.this record is 60 % already released.whatever .
 I 'm totally half & half on this one . While the sound quality is excellent and music totally enjoyable , the electronic synth & drums -LRB- there 's a no-no -RRB- , give a totally modern , and doctor 's office dated sound . Elevator pop at its very best . Enjoyable , but not what I was expecting , and would have preferred less electronics & more of the '60s sound , including the female vocals which seem to be lacking on this one . That was an essential part of their original sound !
 Although I have not seen this video as such , I am acquainted with its contents from other sources . I will confine myself to commenting on the notes of Spotts , specifically the most outrageous attack I have ever seen in print on Wilhelm Furtwaengler.I suppose controversy over the wisdom of Furtwaengler 's decision to stay in Nazi Germany -LRB- encouraged by Jewish artists such as Arnold Schoenberg and Max Reinhardt -RRB- will always continue . But Spotts , like his predecessor Ira Hirschman , goes far beyond this , stating that Furtwaengler was an enthusiastic collaborator with Goebbels , profitted from the regime , and was virulently anti Semitic , objecting to the mistreatment of Jews only when it would harm Germany 's image and cultural needs.The facts speak otherwise . If Furtwaengler was an enthusiastic collaborator , why did he resign from all his posts after protesting the ousting of Jewish musicians and the ban on Hindemith ? Yehudi Menuhin pointed out that in resigning , Furtwaengler gave up all benefits and pensions , and indeed was penniless after the war . He never resumed his posts during the regime , only remaining with the Berlin Philharmonic as a free-lance conductor . Any concessions that he made , such as conducting at the `` Winterhilfe '' concerts -LRB- a series of charity events -RRB- were done to wring from Goebbels the assurance that the Berlin Philharmonic would continue to be subsidized and that THEY WOULD BE EXEMPT FROM THE ARYANIZATION DECREE , ALLOWING THE JEWISH MUSICIANS TO CONTINUE AS BERLIN PHILHARMONIC MEMBERS . When the Jewish members finally did emigrate , Furtwaengler expressed his regret and continued to write to them . And of course , if Furtwaengler was such a loyal supporter of the Nazis , why did Himmler finally order the Gestapo to shadow the conductor , causing him to seek asylum in Switzerland to avoid assassination ? Remember that Himmler wrote in Furtwaengler 's dossier , `` There is no Jew , filthy as he may be , for whom Furtwaengler does not stretch out a helping hand . `` When Furtwaengler wrote his letter to Goebbels defending Bruno Walter and Otto Klemperer from dismissal , he stated that as an artist , his job was not to disrupt people , but to unite . He saw no difference between Jewish and non-Jewish art , only between good and bad art . In other words , the distinctions between religions and races meant nothing to him , only quality counted ! Of course , he could not attack this from the standpoint of humanity , as this would hardly cause an anti Semitie like Goebbels to lend his ear to the plea.The case of Arnold Schoenberg is very telling here . Furtwaengler was reported to have only intervened for him so that he would not be made into a martyr by the Nazis . As this was reported by the Nazi-controlled press , the veracity of this statement is very much in doubt . Frau Schoenberg tells a much different story
 Although I was told -LRB- in the fine print -RRB- that this was documentary footage of conductors of the Third Reich , I had naively assumed - from the gaudy words `` Art in the Service of Evil '' - there would be some narration , some explanation , some background of what compelled great musicians to stay in the Nazi world and serve it with their music , etc. . However , there was none of that . Except for one brief newsreel segment , this DVD was nothing but a pasted together compilation of conductors in the Third Reich playing music . That 's it - they just played music - no explanation , no background , no voiceover , no subtitles , nothing . Literally , you simply watched newsreel footage of a conductor waving his baton in front of an orchestra and playing the music . Well , that told me nothing at all . -LRB- By the way , what WAS it with the Third Reich 's obsession with ` Der Meistersinger ' ? That was played over and over again on this DVD as if there was nothing else available . -RRB- This DVD is useless , a waste of money . If you want a true documentary of musicians in the Third Reich , do n't waste your money on this - instead , buy `` The Reichsorchester '' . THAT is a superb DVD of the Berlin Philharmonic during the Third Reich with interviews of musicians , newsreels , reading of diaries , reminiscences , facts , etc. , that gives you an honest and thorough understanding of what it was like . But this DVD is a waste of money !
 I have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding the value of this film . I , too , had been expecting a documentary about conductors in the Third Reich and some explanation of background with arguments against or maybe even in favor of them and their decisions to work under the Nazis . There is none of that.What we do have are clips , as follows : - Max von Schillings conducting the Berlin Staatsoper Orchestra in the William Tell overture , 1932-33 - Leo Blech conducting the Berlin Staatsoper Orchestra in the the Meistersinger Prelude , 1933 - A short speech by Joseph Goebbels opening up the renovated German Opera House Berlin in 1935 , prior to ... - ... Karl B&ouml;hm conducting the Meistersinger Prelude and finale to Act III - Brief Nazi newsreel clip about the Salzburg Festival - Another brief newsreel clip of German tanks in Paris and the arrival of the Berlin Opera with `` Madame Wagner '' in tow to watch a Berlin Philharmonic concert conducted by Karajan -- again with the Meistersinger prelude ! But the footage has just excerpts , not the entire prelude . - Wilhelm Furtw&auml;ngler conducting -- guess which piece ? That 's right ! The Meistersinger Prelude , at the AEG factory in 1942 . - Furtwangler conducting the BPO in Beethoven 's Ninth , fourth movement , choral section . This is the famous `` Hitler 's birthday '' performance with the big swastikas on the walls , followed by the Goebbels handshake and Furtw&auml;ngler 's subsequent wiping off his hand with a handkerchief . - Hans Knappersbuch again conducting the BPO in the choral section of Beethoven 's Ninth , fourth movement , in 1942-43 . - Brief clip of Clemens Krauss conducting the BPO in Schubert 's Unfinished Symphony in France in 1943 - Winifred Wagner in 1940 greeting Hitler at Bayreuth . The F&uuml;hrer waves to the audience from a balcony in a tuxedo , which might be the single most interesting image on the whole DVD . Clips of the finale of -- you guessed it -- the Meistersinger.There is no value added in terms of commentary or documentarian insight . And worst of all , right now all these old historical clips are up on YouTube , which means there is even less incentive to buy this DVD.If you are looking for insight into classical music under the Nazis , I can highly recommendThe Reichsorchester
 Lee Perry e Dub Syndicate
 I did n't like this cd because , the sounds were to synthetic and the lyrics are not that profound either . Stick with the first 3 .
 This product was listed as very good and when received there is a defect in the cd . I like the music but it 's difficult to enjoy a song with a scratch in it .
 i had this tape when i was in jr. high and IT RULED ! i thought id replace my lost tape with a cd . WRONG . is this a remix or something ? if youre looking for old school ice-t , dont waste your money on this .
 Disregard this album ; do not even THINK of picking it up . It 's only notable for Ice 's precursor to ` Colors ' , entitled ` Squeeze the Trigger . ' Tape the one tune from a friend then forget about the rest .
 So Ice-T practically invented what we now call `` gangsta rap . `` As if inventing gangsta rap were something to be proud of .
 Whether this is truly disco or not . . i didnt really enjoy it . for some reason this style of Cure doesnt work out for me . I seem to think that too many die hard robert smith fans place biased reviews on amazon . Just because I like the cure doesnt mean I am obligated to enjoy every album ... this album is indeed one i would avoid .
 I remember many nights listening to -LRB- ... -RRB- and waiting for the next Cure album ... When the Let 's Go to Bed singel was first released , I ran out , bought it , put it on and was stunned ... it was one of the coolest songs I have ever heard them do ... then I realized that I was listening to `` Just One Kiss '' which was the B-Side -LRB- it was one of those photo on one side , info on the other singles -RRB- , still in my euphoria , I put the flip side on and gagged ... every other fan of the Cure that I knew at the time pretty much gagged as well ----- when `` The Top '' was released , we pretty much wrote the cure off -LRB- just as we did with Gang of Four after `` Hard '' and Killing Joke after `` Outside the Gates '' - While I still feel `` Just One Kiss '' is right up there with Charlotte sometimes as one of their best songs , La Ment is really the only other track worth a listen on this piece of drivel ... I will never forget how terrible I felt about one of my favorite bands turning to crap ...
 This disk would not work in two differentdrives in my computers and in my regular cd player -LRB- a Samsung -RRB- it would take over a minute to load and then would not play track one -LRB- but played the others ok -RRB- . Not so happy with this.As for the music , it is a clasic .
 I 'd love to rate this on the music alone.Sadly , I have n't been able to LISTEN to it because I ca n't rip the CD on my PC to load into my iPod . I 've tried a DVD-RW drive and CD-ROM drive on two different PCs that rip discs with no problems ... except these . The dual-discs feel as if someone literally took a CD and a DVD and SuperGlued them together . Shoddy.I really regret not getting the standard CD version .
 This dualdisc cd does not work in normal cd players ! Neither the cd or the dvd side work ! It even says on the back of the case that it might not work in some cd players ! Why release something that can not be listened to ! What a joke !
 Outside of its historical context ... this album to me lacks anything that would qualify it as interesting . It is just a couple of well worn rhythm 's and textures repeated ad nauseam .
 Now I admitt it 's sad but true this cd ia a one hit wonder . This Guy -LRB- Ahmad -RRB- never went anywhere . I herd this cd from a friend of mine the whole cd that is . I knew the song -LRB- Back In The Days -RRB- witch is a great hit song . I love it alot !!! But not that much to buy the cd . Sadley the other songs suck and thats not even the worst part are you ready for this ??? One of the most favorite , most popular hit , best sounding song on the cd ever , is a different version of the song . Can this get any worse ??? nope !!! guess not but heres 1 good thing now you know not to buy this cd thats all I have to say comprende !!!
 This second offering from the Dudley Manlove Quartet is a downer . The energy that was evident in the first album -LRB- recorded at live performances -RRB- is totally gone . It 's a shame , as there are quite a few songs on this CD that sound like they 'd be great live . Instead , they sound , well , dead .
 I only recieved 1/2 of this order -LRB- disk # 2 -RRB- - not sure what went wrong where , seems like miscommunication between Amazon and the seller ? Still , the seller was kind enough to refund the full amount paid , and although I oferred to return the disk I DID recieve , the seller did not ask for it to be returned .
 The entire CD case was cracked all over and it appeared that it was put in a blank CD case , was not original casing or brand new as stated in product description .
 now I realize the new one disc New Order best-ofCD does have the greatest -LRB- to me -RRB- New Order track , `` Age of Consent . '' Where the heck was it on thisotherwise solid collection ? not sure if it was a single , but for goodness ' sake it should 've been . My two stars are n't for the band or the music , cause I like it all , I 'm even moreinto Joy Division but that 's another tale entirely , as most New Order/Electronic fans know quite well.This collection was lacking a lot of great songs , so I ended up selling it for credit and got somebetter CDs that held up better , like Julian Cope ` sFloored Genius vol . 1 hits collection which I STILL play a ton more than stuff like New Order these days -LRB- being an olderpunk/new waver now -RRB- . I think if they 'd included a fewbetter selections like `` Consent '' -LRB- a classic club dancefloor fave and my own fave NO song -RRB- this would be a strongercollection . As it stands in 2004 , it 's at least a good intro.to the band if you only know a few songs , but the newBest Of New Order might serve new listeners better -LRB- and less of an initial investment -RRB- .
 The rhythms in this music are so monotonous , songs go on and on and on , with no direction , as if the songwriter did n't know how to end the song . Very disappointed in this because an intelligent person recommended this album and I expected much much better.Just a bunch of over-drugged and over-sexed punks , no role models here!I do n't recomend you buy this one .
 i went to my friends house and i wanted to play my backstreet boys record and he said no and he put on some unknown band i never heard of called new order.he made me listen to these songs called `` confusion '' and `` true faith '' and it made me sick . these guys are no talent bums , i suggest you buy something with talent like aaron carter .
 New Order was a singles band who did their best work in the 12 '' format . However , none of Warner Brothers ' six - count 'em , six - compilations contain all of those original 12 '' mixes . `` Substance '' has the most of them . But it replaces the original versions of `` Temptation '' and `` Confusion '' with re-recordings - and lops a minute or more off `` The Perfect Kiss '' , `` Sub-Culture '' , and `` Shellshock '' . To remedy these defects , Warner Brothers requires you to purchase `` Collector 's Editions '' of the three separate albums containing those songs . -LSB- If you do a web search for `` sorting out the New Order compilations '' , you can get full details . -RSB- Well , screw that . All of the music from the original 12 '' records is available for free on the Internet , if you know where to look . You can also get the original sleeve art - something else `` Substance '' could n't be bothered with .
 I love new order , and I love the music on this CD . Unfortunately , if a CD ever needed to be remastered , it is this one . The recording level is very low on this disc , and it 's hard to really hear the songs . I think I 'll try to get `` The Best of New Order '' , and see if it 's any better .
 I ordered this CD on June 30 and it is now Aug 7 and it has not shipped yey - promised date missed twice - now saying it will ship Aug 23 . I would not buy from them again .
 I was disappointed in this CD . I have a copy of their earlier collection , Nomad , which is one of the best New Surf releases ever . This does n't compare . I got this CD expecting a more subdued atmosphere with a little mystery and espionage thrown in . Unfortunately , they sound like a bad Vegas Lounge act . I should know , I live in Vegas . My advice would be to skip this CD and pick up Nomad instead . I hate to say that because I really do like The Aqua Velvets . Maybe next time .
 Do drum machines belong in surf music ? I 'm not sure . But this CD certainly poses the question . We all know that the guitar is the centerpiece of surf music but even the other instruments must have some `` real '' soul to make it work . There 's no creativity or inspiration here . There are one or two decent tunes but most are just lackluster and listless . The beauty of surf music is it 's deceptive simplicity . But the simplicity in this outing is readily apparent . It 's too predictable . It 's like the disappointment of going to a movie you 've really wanted to see only to figure out every twist and turn miles before you get there . There 's more to great surf -LRB- or other kinds of -RRB- music than just throwing down a few chords and running some scales across them . It require intellect , imagination , and inspiration . All of which this CD is in desparate need of . YOU could make better surf music than this . Just go buy a Strat with a whammy and an amp with reverb ; learn a few basics and you 're there . Just leave the CPU 's at home . If you really want some cool , exciting surf music I suggest Laika and the Cosmonauts .
 Too $ hort has been rapping since the late 70 's but his last few albums have been total junk , and this one is no exception . There are three listenable tracks on this CD
 This one !!! I 've been listening to Too Short since Shorty The Pimp but he stopped making good albums since You Nasty -LRB- his last solid effort -RRB- . Chase The Cat was a bad album but even it wasnt this bad . Songs like That 's Right , The Set Up , and Triple X show you The old Too Short I fondly remember . Quit Hatin Part 1 grew on me but this album is weighed down heavily by these . Filler
 `` I have n't kept up with $ hort Since `` Get In were you Fit In '' I have been so disapointed '' . But i guess I am on this page writing this review because of my Anger . It is quite obvious that the money & fame made him sloppy ! And `` Whats my Favorite word ? '' is just another `` bad apple '' added to a fixing to be , long list!You know ? You could n't have told me after hearing `` Born to Mack '' 1988 , `` Life is ... Too Short '' 1989 , `` Short Dogs in the House '' 1990 . Or even the Classics tracks `` In the Trunk , `` So you want to be a Ganster '' or `` I 'm A Player '' that Too Short 's talent would deminish so rapidly ? What happen to the 808 driven bass that made you so famous ? What happen to the tight Funk with bass beats that made you so creditable ? I mean this guy was really on to something all the way up to `` Get in where You Fit In '' then after that he just got Sloppy!Maybe if he got more reviews like this on his Lps . Maybe he will run to the keyboard and put out some good music ! But I think that day has come and gone he has been sloppy for too long now ! `` Cocktales was the beginning of the `` Boring Beats '' and `` Boring lyrics '' phase ! I mean Too $ Hort use to have you Cracking up . . the way he talked about -LSB- WOMEN -RSB- ! Now his message doe n't even come across as amuzing because of the lack of production . His 3 best efforts will always be the first 3 but `` Get In . . and `` Shorty the Pimp '' had some glorious moments . But now the tracks just get more & More Generic and worst sounding by the Day ! Album # 10 the title track was Classic but the rest was lackluster as well ! We all know with out beats Too 's raps are ABCDEFG ! And now that those are gone he sounds like a fool ! I really think his worst mistake was assigning the generic `` Ant Banks '' to produce his music . That was the beginning of his down fall to ... ! When on his first 3 efforts `` Todd Shaw '' did most of his own production -LRB- And there was a Huge quality difference -RRB- . I mean what happened to tracks like `` Pimpology '' and `` Cusswords ? '' It is really sad `` Too '' see this happen to someone that was once amazingly bumpin without Question . I mean you use to could n't get a `` Too Short '' Cd that did n't rattle your Trunk , now all he has is Junk ! No one listens to him down here and he lives here and thats sad ! The last Too short Cd I purchased was `` Get in '' after that , the funk and bass seemed lost ! I think he should just go back to the simple production formula that worked for him . I mean it could n't hurt at this point his commercial days are pretty much over ! Might as well give the people some OLD SCHOOL ! And personally I do n't think it would be OLD SCHOOL for him because it was his own unique sound . I do n't know why he did n't just stay retired and left as a legend . Now everyone knows he was n't capable of standing the test of time ! The more he puts out junk the less respect he will get for his earlier work . Give Up ! before you loose your legacy and what respect you still have!Maybe he should have stayed in Oakland the Atlanta transition was HARSH For him ! People that still support and Praise him are Older or Pimps or just plain loyal & Blind ! `` Whats my favorite word ? '' is foolishness at best ! LAterA -LRB- Formal -RRB- Too $ hort Fan
 Do n't be fooled by these insane cure fans , who give 5 stars to everything Robert Smith has ever done . I love this band , and have every album , and this has to be the worst -LRB- no wonder its an import only -RRB- . With only a couple of good songs , this is a disapointment especially during his best years . So I give it one star -LRB- overly bashing it -RRB- just to prove a point ... I hate coming on to this site and every album gets at least 4 stars just because of obsessed fans cant bear to give their favorite band a bad review . If these reviews are all bias whats the point of having them ?
 An album that Robert Smith has pretty much disowned , `` The Top '' is a record that pretty much lives up to its reputation . The Cure were in a state of disarray , Simon Gallup having defected left Smith and Lol Tolhurst to handle most of the instrument duties . And while it starts off well enough , the album 's second side is another story.But again , it does start nicely -- opener `` Shake Dog Shake '' with its railing drums , fierce riffing and frantic , powerful vocal is one of the best , early , loud statements by the Cure . And it continues positively -- the crisp , clean , dancey `` Birdmad Girl '' and the moody , MidEastern tinged `` Wailing Wall '' are both great cuts with very unique sounds . But after that , it 's just one unmemorable cut -LRB- Bauhausesque `` Give Me It '' -RRB- to another -LRB- `` Bananafishbones '' -RRB- , with a bad penchant for reedy synths -LRB- `` Dressing Up '' -RRB- or on occasion , oddball reed performances that distract from the piece -LRB- the otherwise fantastic `` The Empty World '' -RRB- . Like the rest of the Cure reissues , this one comes remastered and with a second disc of unreleased material , mostly demos that , while interesting , are n't fantatic , with a few low fidelity live tracks tacked on the end . Honestly , I ca n't figure out why the live tracks sound so bad -- I 've heard better bootlegs from the era.So it 's a nice set , but truthfully `` The Top '' is an album everyone but the diehards can probably skip .
 `` The Top '' is almost difficult to listen to , because if one were in the mood to listen to The Cure , one could make a better choice with any of the band 's other albums -LRB- besides , perhaps , `` Wild Mood Swings '' -RRB- . Although I feel that the two proceeding albums , `` Pornography '' and `` Japanese Whispers '' were not great albums -LRB- for the opposite reasons -RRB- , they are still significantly better that `` The Top . '' It 's not all bad . The best song -LRB- and probably The Cure 's best `` silly '' song -RRB- is `` Caterpillar '' with those curious toy instruments . `` Wailing Wall '' and `` Empty World '' are not bad , but the rest of the album is truly forgettable.According to what I 've read from other reviewers , Robert Smith was going through difficult times when he made this album , and had alot of distractions . I get the feeling that Smith has written his best songs when he 's somewhat miserable , but whatever he was feeling when he wrote most the songs for this album was obviously not very conducive to songwriting . Of course , over the next three releases , Smith and his band would bounce back with `` Head on the Door , '' hit a homerun with `` Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me , '' and knock it out of the stratosphere with `` Disintegration . ''
 Do n't buy it ! This a horrible listen the first time around , and the second , and the third . But , after numerous listens the songs start take you over . They suck you in and you ca n't get out . And if you listen too much , you become the slave to the top . To tell you the truth , this is not regular music , it is better than anything else . Each song is unlike anything you 've heard . Hard to believe such odd songs could turn out to be so irresistably beautiful . I do n't think I 've ever heard a song as captivating as PIGGY or BIRDMAD . All the songs are pure genius ! To tell you the truth , If i had to rate my 10 favorite songs of all time , from any band , here they are :1 . -RRB- Birdmad Girl2 . -RRB- Piggy in the Mirror3 . -RRB- Bannanafishbones4 . -RRB- Dressing Up5 . -RRB- Track 86 . -RRB- Caterpillar Girl7 . -RRB- Shake Dog Shake8 . -RRB- The Top9 . -RRB- Give Me It10 . -RRB- The Wailing WallSee how it 's taken me as its slave ! Before , I had a normal list of favorite songs - look at me now ! I 'm a basketcase . Do n't buy this - you will not like it at first and it will destroy you . But , if you want to take the risk , and have yet to to fall in love with all the hunreds of cure songs , save these ten songs to be the last , as they really are the best . It will be like having a love affair with 10 very different woman at once . I know it 's a mixed - emotions review , but , simply stated , these songs are so good , their scarry ! josha@johnlscott.com
 I believe that virtually all negative reviews are borne from prejudice , and this one is no different . When I say `` borne from prejudice '' I mean that pre-formulated impressions or an innate inability to understand the artist 's intent are usually a factor in developing negative opinions , so it is imperative that all negative reviews be interpreted with the understanding that it is more than likely the reviewer is completely full of s # $ % . Regarding `` The Top , '' the fifth album credited to the Cure , I already had my mind made up about the record before I even heard it . In their earliest years , I thought the Cure were an interesting band with little technical ability but a unique sensibility that set them apart from other bands . I sort of liked them for their first three albums . Then , during a trip to England in 1982 , I found myself in a London record shop on the day that the band 's fourth album , entitled `` Pornography , '' was released . Oh , lucky me.I hated that record . To my ears , it sounded like somebody took the band 's first three albums and blasted them through a garbage compactor and into a canyon , resulting in an unbearable noise that never relented -LRB- you can read my review for `` Pornography '' elsewhere , if you wish ... -RRB- . I never really forgave the band for this , and as a result , I more or less abandoned them ... which is why I never heard `` The Top '' until twenty years later.Do I think I missed much ? No , unless I can quantify the comedic aspect of listening to something so bleak , self-obsessed , and disorganized as if it were meant to be funny . I am sure that my attitude will only add to the alleged horror that is experienced on a daily basis by Robert Smith and his uber-depressed fans , but parts of `` The Top '' are so ` over the top ' that I ca n't help but laugh out loud . The affectation of Smith 's voice when he sings `` Dressing Up '' is one of the most un-deliberately funny moments I 've ever heard . `` Give Me It '' shares the relentless penchant for noise that made me hate `` Pornography '' so much , only it adds disgusting imagery into the mix , with lyrics like , `` Slit the cats like cheese , then eat the sweet sticky things . Suck Harder ! Suck Harder ! Suck your insides out ... '' `` Piggy in the Mirror '' is meant to convey an emotionally harrowing moment of self-loathing , but it comes off like another bad-hair day for Robert Smith . The album never gets any more emotionally compelling than this , either , and the extra disk of ` bonus ' material adds little except half-baked demo versions of songs that should never have been extrapolated on in the first place . The album 's best track , `` Shake Dog Shake , '' opens with a self-mocking `` Ha Ha Ha '' that more or less defines my own attitude about the entire album ; It 's funny , but it is n't ` Ha ha '' funny ... or , at least , this is what my predisposed prejudice has me thinking about `` The Top . '' C - Tom Ryan
 This sounds like a constipated chicken . The first time I saw it I thought it was a collection of trashy outtakes , but no it 's a weirdo 's delight . I mean c'mon this is kinda for weird -LRB- `` Give Me It '' ? -RRB- . I 'd also like to bring up a song that particularly sounds horrible . That would be `` Give Me It . '' That 's what sounds like a constipated chicken . Robert Smith is like `` ahhhhoooo '' and `` rawkkkkk '' and `` SCREAMING FOR LOVE , SCREAMING FOR AIR '' which is exactly what you hear from a constipated farm animal . You hear them go `` SCREAMING FOR ICE CREAM , SCREAMING FOR RELIEF '' when they 're constipated , so I believe Robert Smith knows what I do .
 4 stars for the album , 2 docked because of the mastering screw up.As the previous reviewer said ... my copy also has a couple of seconds or so missing from the beginning of Shake Dog Shake . That may not seem like much time , but it does ruin the effect of the intro . Why , why , WHY ca n't these record companies get these remasters right ? We fans buy this stuff over and over and they keep screwing them up .
 Too much acid . Too many distracting , outside projects -LRB- touring and recording with Siouxsie and the Banshees , recording with the Banshees ' bassist Steven Severin as the Glove -RRB- . Writing and recording pretty much as a solo artist at this time . Just too much of the '' too much '' . The Top is the Cure at its most unsure , its most disjointed , unfocused , and least successful.The single the Caterpillar is a likeable , folk-popish , quirky English love song . And the title track is an emotional , rhythmic dirge on par with the title track from the Faith album . The remainder , however , is dense , difficult to listen to , messy , and maddeningly lethargic . The few of the songs from `` the Top '' that show up on the import cd `` Concert '' sound MUCH better , full of the energy , and vitality they lacked on record , especially Shake Dog Shake and Give Me It , both of which rock surprisingly hard . If you MUST have it , wait until it is re-released next year , it might have a few extras on it that will make it more worthwhile .
 The Top is definitely the strangest cure album available . This album is extremely eclectic and at times is embarrassingly stupid . However there are a few decent tracks on this one and there is a feeling of energy which is lacking on some of the late Cure albums . Unfortunately like the Cures latest album `` The Cure '' , The Top has too much rubbish material on it to make it worth your time . However , for what its worth I do prefer this album to Wild Mood Swings and The Cure.Overall , the general public should stay away from this one and only Cure fans should bother .
 Unfortunately bands , no matter how talented and creative , have to pay the bills , and if you are not one of the very top level of performers like the Beatles , Stones , Dylan , Marley etc. , then sooner or later you are going to have to bow to the demands of what the market will bear to put some bread on the table . This means recording what current popular taste suggests will sell . Even an artist as uncompromising as Marley was not totally immune to this . In his attempts to achieve better penetration of the US market , later efforts like Could You Be Loved show the influence of the disco sound.My two star rating may seem a little harsh , but if you like middle of the road type generic popular music of the type that you can find all over the radio dial , then you are probably already listening to the radio rather than buying CDs . What you will get here is a generous selection of reggae tinged pop songs of the type that would make ideal background music for a hairdressing salon . If that is what you want , then what are you waiting for ? Buy this.For the rest of you , the good news is that there is a remarkable Aswad album called New Chapter -LRB- not New Chapter of Dub -- that is a different album -RRB- that is highly recommended . New Chapter did n't sell very well when it was first released , but it is a classic album , which this is not.My rating system ? ***** A veritable classic album . **** Very good , representative of this artist 's best work *** Fans of the artist in question should enjoy this . ** Some good stuff , but some major flaws . * Awful .
 This is the first compilation of Madonna 's work so it 's fitting that it 's remixes . The good
 I think this album is one of the ways Warner bros makes money out of us Customers . Though it has some great remix songsthis album is to dance , not to listen to , the only new song in here is Spotlight , which is very good -LRB- single only available in Japan -RRB- , I would n't waste money on this one , I ` llget the mp3 of SpolightI think if you have most Madonna album , you can create your own dance album cant you ? shes got much better dance songs than those ones !
 I did not buy this for myself so I have no idea what to rate it as I did not see it
 So There 's three dub mixes , Three remixes and two original songs without any mixing at all . If a collection of remixes and dubs are going to be released then lets just go full force and release all the party tracks and make this a cut we wont forget.There are other songs in her catalog that fit the theme of this record , So why are n't they on here ? . I can name three Madonna songs right off the back that should 've been rearranged to go in place of those dubs or unecessary tracks . Perhaps , A 1987 mix of `` Lucky Star '' , An official `` Holiday '' remix , One that we can actually `` tell '' is a remix , And an `` Into The Groove '' remix . `` Into The Groove '' and `` Physical Attraction '' have no mixes , What 's that about ? . Is n't the purpose of this release to give us something different ? So why am I repurchasing the exact same songs `` Over and Over '' again ? -LRB- get it ? -RRB- . I have these versions of these songs on the original albums and Madonna Collections.What makes it worst is that there 's an extended version of `` Over and Over '' , The same sound just extended . So What 's the point ? The release of this collection was a chance we had to get a NEW sound for a fun song and we missed it because the creaters were careless . Oh , I get it , We can dance longer.The even bigger disappointment is that the leading track `` Spotlight '' has no mixes . There should be atleast 4 mixes of that track at the end of the album considering it 's the lead single . We should have `` Spotlight '' original mix at the beginning -LRB- which we already have -RRB- . Then the last four tracks of the album should be `` Spotlight '' Dub version , `` Spotlight '' Extended mix , `` Spotlight '' Remix , And some other type of exotic `` Spotlight '' mix , All grouped one after the next.Judging by the song choices for this release , All the songs that were chosen for the tracklisting have a certain beat and rhythm . For example `` Spotlight '' `` Holiday '' `` Everybody '' and `` Into The Groove '' all share the same tempo . Therefore , `` Burning Up '' or `` Angel '' would n't fit in which is debatable because `` Over and Over '' is at a slightly faster pace than the rest of the songs , But `` Lucky Star '' shares the same tempo as the others and is the only party track from the debut that does n't appear and it would fit perfectly on `` You Can Dance '' , So where is it ? We have the other three from the debut album but not the most memorable hit from it . So why not a fabulous remix of `` Lucky Star '' . `` Holiday '' claims to be a remix but I hear no difference . It 's the same song all over again in my opinion , I 'm sure there 's a small difference in the beginning but nothing drastic that anyone has time to pick up on . The `` Everybody '' -LRB- remix -RRB- is not as good as the original in my opinion , I prefer the original , Funny huh ? . The only song that I prefer the original to , has a remix . Great ;-RRB- `` Where 's The Party '' -LRB- Remix -RRB- is so much better than the album version in my opinion . It 's smoother , It has a more distinct bassline and it 's just all around groovier . Had all the songs been mixed with the same flavor as `` Where 's The Party '' then this album or EP would sparkle and shine . `` Spotlight '' , The leading single , Is another great reason to purchase this album , But since it 's 2010 just get your $ 1 out and purchase the song . I just wish all the songs were mixed in the same manner as `` Where 's The Party '' , A much smoother and concentrated sound.Surprisingly as big as Madonna is , It 's a mystery why she does n't have an official remix album for her high quality dance songs because this sure ai n't it . Nice try but `` You Can Dance '' was thrown together and not much thought was put into what was being chosen . If this record was thought out then `` Into The Groove '' , `` Physical Attraction '' , and `` Spotlight '' would be remixed . `` Lucky Star '' would 've made the tracklist since the other dance tracks from the debut made it . `` Holiday '' remix would be distinguishable from the album version , And `` Over And Over '' would have an actual remix as opposed to a normal version that 's extended.Lastly , `` Into The Groove '' and `` Holiday '' have dub versions , But `` Where 's The Party '' is the only one of the three that has a remix ? . Then `` Everybody '' has a remix but not a dub version and `` Spotlight '' and `` Physical Attraction '' have no mixes at all . This release is pure non-sense , Darling . Two stars for `` Where 's The Party '' remix and the NEW song `` Spotlight '' although it has no mixes . Child please .
 . . but not with this . These `` remixes '' are lame . They just take the original versions of the songs -LRB- not her best songs , mind you -RRB- and over-extend them to be extremely repetitive and showcase beats . I wonder if Madonna is known for having the best beats in her songs ... NOT ! This album also features hideous pictures of Madonna , only 7 tracks + 3 repeats of those tracks , only insultingly cut down -LRB- vocally -RRB- and EVEN MORE repetitive ! Buy a Christina Aguilera maxi single instead .
 All I Can say is being somewhat of a newbie to Amazon , that I made the mistake of buying a cassette tape instead of a cd . So just be careful to read everything very carefully before you buy.Aside from that , I am sure this is a great album of Madonna 's . One of her classics , with La Isla Bonita and a number of other great songs . I look forward to buying the cd version so I can really get my groove on just the way Madonna intends .
 If you already have her first three albums , there is no good reason to get this other than if you want the one new song , Spotlight . Spotlight is a fun ditty , but you can decide if you want to pay for all the other songs along with it . I thought that the extended dance remixes of her hit songs would be new and fresh , but really they are the same songs , just spread over six minutes . The one exception is the version of Over and Over , which does have a different sound . Any of the three previous albums is better than this .
 Depeche Modes early work sounds dated and uncool now days . And at times embarrassing to listen to . I became a big fan of Depeche Mode after hearing the song Policy of Truth off the Violator ablum which is Depeche Mode 's true Masterpiece next to Music for the Masses . Everything Depeche Mode did after 1985-86 is absolutlely amazing to listen to . I recommend Violator or Music for the Masses instead .
 Depeche Mode is a really great band , but Catching Up with Depeche Mode is not the greatest hits collection to get if you want to hear the best from their early career . The band released Singles 81-85 a few years back with is more complete with such great sogns as People are People . It also has some great remixes to it .
 Yeah , there are a few hits -LRB- `` Master and Servant '' -RRB- , but I am a fan of the `` Music for the Masses '' and `` Violator '' . This album is good for a DM Collection , but no more than that .
 In short
 This band is recommneded because of New Order , unfortunately New Order is far superior . Unlike most great bands I was not intrigued by theeir early work and it does not have a timeless sound . I greatly enjoy The Cure , Depeche Mode and others from this same era but not Joy Division . New Order fans skip this CD .
 This one-off outing from the pop-psych outfit Common People is a strange , strange creation.The pieces herein were produced and arranged in part by David Axelrod , and his contributions to the album are quite stunning . But , not long into the recording sessions , the band ran out of money , and could not afford to keep him on any longer . Thus , we are left with quite a peculiar beast ; the first three tracks feature gorgeous , soaring string arrangements from Axelrod , each piece a mini-masterpiece in its own right -LRB- with a particular nod to Those Who Love -RRB- . But at the end of track three , you can practically hear the sound of the last penny falling into the jar.What remains is a fairly generic , uninteresting and derivative venture into sixties rock / pop . Tracks 4 through 11 are n't offensive in any way , but they 're entirely inoffensive too . . And fairly expendable.I find myself listening to the first three tracks on this album quite regularly , and thinking about what could have been . Axelrod never produced anything else quite like this , and we 're much the worse for it . His arrangements here are among some of the best he 's ever put his name to . But the remainder of the album tends to just rub in what a masterpiece this could 've been had he stayed on.In short - five stars for the first three tracks , and a fairly indifferent two stars for everything that follows .
 This is the song that I keep singing to myself EVERY TIME I buy another Falkner record -LRB- exceptions being the Holiday single , & the Sub Pop set -RRB- , or any other offering of ANY kind from ANY member involved with the best band of the 90 's -LRB- Jellyfish -RRB- . And I did n't discover them POST break-up , oh no ... I was in the fanclub and wore the advance copy of Bellybutton -LRB- Vinyl , yo !! -RRB- out on my college radio shift ! I was also in the Redd Kross fanclub and consider them HIGHER than the Jellies ... yeah , I said it . So , you can bet that I had a raging `` you-know-what '' in my pants for THIS record !?!? Import price and a long wait from Japan later , and I am once again ... let down . It has been painfully obvious for a while where the magic dust came from within Jellyfish , and this is another testament to Andy Sturmer 's greatness . I know , they were n't trying to make a Jellyfish album , but the songwriting here does n't hold the slightest flicker to say , even a Beatnick Beatch tune . If The New Cars had hired Faulkner -LRB- who rhymes as bad as Ace Frehley in spots -RRB- , instead of Rundgren , and they went with the songwriting of ` Door to Door ' , this would be VERY close . This goes beyond `` having a retro sound '' and straight into Justin Timberlake trying to have a retro sound.Better yet , if you actually enjoyed ANY of Duran Duran 's last two records , then this will knock your socks off ... in fact , send ME $ 30 and you can have this copy.Production quality and my sincere love for the past with these three guys , keeps me from comitting this review to ONE star .
 Yes , this does seem to be a tribute to the 80 's , but unfortunately , we have all been busy trying to FORGET the 80 's ! Had this release taken the genre a step in ANY direction , it might have succeded , but I 'm going to have to agree that there are many better ways to spend your money . Roger Manning 's solo -LRB- which version do you like ? -RRB- is certainly more like what I 'd hoped to hear here.The MAGIC , the WHIMSY , and the COMPLEXITY of the old Jellyfish recordings certainly is not apparent here . Todd Rundgren fans have had to suffer the same fate . It 's as if they do n't want to be creative magicians anymore , screw the fans that got them this far , etc. etc.ANYTHING released with the JELLYFISH name on it , domestic , european , or Sub-Tabla are better than this.OK , this is better than the MOOG COOKBOOK ...
 I picked this album up in a local mall where Katie was performing , she signed it for me which was greeeaaaattt !!!!!!! After listening to the whole album it was hmmmmmm to be straight only fair . Production was not too hot , her voice sounded better in the mall than on the CD and the lyrics were too generic . I know why the used price on here is three dollars , I dont think ill be able to make some cash selling the autograph on e-bay someday.sorrrrry katie --------- ya look good anyway and ill still come to see you next time your at the mall . Peace
 He may have started the joke , but nobody should be laughing.It 's just too weird ... please note that on ebay these CDs do n't bring 30 cents . It 's that bad . This guy could have matched vocal wits with Roy Orbison , but does n't seem to care . When I think of all of the cover songs that he could have redefined ... please write to Robin and let him know . And , my dear Robin , I still love you , but PLEASE do your audience the favor of once again changing direction !
 Ok , here it goes . Being a huge Robin Gibb fan this review is not easy for me to write . There were only 5 songs on this cd I liked . As I do n't care for sexually expilcit lyrics I disliked the song No Doubt . Wish You Were Here was fine as it was and did n't need redone . As for all of you 80 's fans out there you 'll notice the song Love Hurts is from a group called Nazareth . I bought this cd thinking it would be him singing songs like he did in the other cds . I was n't looking for a Bee Gees sound at all , and it 's sure not that.I was disappointed that he could n't sing alone and had to have people echoing his lyrics like one reviewer said . His voice is sensual and powerful enough alone . He sounds great as always but it just was n't the Robin Gibb type material you would think he would do . It just was n't him . As for the song No Doubt , what can I say ? It 's explicit enough , but definatley not something you would hear coming from him either.Over all I would say not to waste your money . The songs Special , and Please are really nice but the rest just leaves a lot to be desired .
 I have to say first that I 'm a HUGE Gibb fan . I owned almost everything that has to do with the brother Gibbs since the 60 's and the untimely death of Maurice Gibb was a disaster to me . But for this album , I 'd give it two stars -LRB- or may be one and a half -RRB- just because it was a solo Gibb effort . It was just unimaginably horrible.Firstly , Robin Gibb did n't write most of the songs which he was totally capable to do . And for that reason , the lyrics and the styles did n't suit his age . This album would be good if some boybands like the Backstreet Boys or Justine Timberlake to cut it , not a veteran like Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees . I ca n't hardly imagine someone like Robin Gibb singing lines such as
 The Brothers Gibb are the three greatest songwriters to have walked the earth . That 's a huge claim which can of course be debated . However , facts such as songwriters of 16 US # 1 hits can not be argued with . Nor can album sales as songwriters being in excess of 175 million . With a collective songwriting talent that has not dried up after more than 40 years -LRB- check out the brilliant `` Guilty Pleasures '' that Barry has just done -RRB- , why then would Robin do an album of other people 's songs?As a Bee Gees fan it is one of my most used comments when defending the group that they never record anybody else 's songs . I am so proud of that fact ! Barring some Australian stuff when they were kids and the Sgt Pepper soundtrack , the Bee Gees have never done any covers . Then Robin released `` Magnet '' and it all changed.If the songs were good it would be a different story . I wanted them to be good . I genuinely love all Bee Gees and Gibb-written albums but this I have to pretend never came out . It is the most gross misuse of talent I have heard in many a year . Robin possesses one of the most brilliant and unique voices in popular music . As a songwriter he has few equals . But when he records an entire album of songs that bands such as Blue , Westlife and the Backstreet Boys would have rejected as being album filler , to say I was gutted would be an understatement.Robin sings of `` getting his freak on '' and `` popping crystal '' . Other reviewers have complained that the album is too funky . I disagree . The album is resolutely unfunky . The Gibbs have done many a funky song , `` Love You Inside Out '' being the best example . These songs are attempts at being slick r & b ; but miss the mark by being mechanically produced and devoid of decent melody.The Gibbs have written the best melodies of the past 40 years and the only decent melodies on this album were murdered by being re-arranged . The songs in question are the remakes of `` Wish You Were Here '' and `` Another Lonely Night In New York '' . Robin changes the melody of `` Wish You Were Here '' as well as the lyrics . What stands as one of the greatest songs in the Gibb catalogue -LRB- a heartbreaking tribute to brother Andy that also sounds like a potential # 1 hit -RRB- is transformed into a generic and ultimately forgettable love song . Why ? I have no idea and neither does Barry who expressed shock when he heard the remake.Robin , if you ever read this please do not take offence . Realise your strengths of which there are many . First and foremost , you are a songwriter . I do n't care what genre you write in , but as a Bee Gees fan I have no interest in you singing other people 's songs , especially songs as trivial as these . Do a funky album ! But use a real drummer for crying out loud ! Do a country album ! Whatever you do , do it with the same attention to detail you have always used . I will always be a huge fan and regularly try to listen to this album to give it a chance but it just pales in comparison to every other album in the massive and varied cannon that is the songwriting catalogue of the Brothers Gibb.Tim Roxborogh , New Zealand
 Let me preface by saying I have been a life-long Bee Gees fan and have great admiration for Robin 's vocal prowess . However , Robin Gibb 's voice is NOT suited for this genre of music which is better left in the hands of today 's forgetable `` boy bands '' . Beyond the tolerable `` Please '' , the rest of the album was a major disappointment . Why do an inferior remake of `` Wish You Were Here '' when the orginal version he did with his brothers was so much better ? Why do an inferior remake of `` Another Lonely Night In New York '' and rename it `` Lonely Night In New York '' ? I have every one of Robin 's solo efforts , and this one is by far the worst of the bunch . If you want to buy a good Robin Gibb CD , go buy `` How Old Are You '' which I believe is his best solo effort by far ! To be fair , I agonized through each song on the CD in its entirety before I wrote this review just in case it got better as the CD progressed , but sadly it never did . Robin is an excellent song writer , but the production here is all wrong . With the proper arrangement and a different style of music , this could have been a very good CD as his classic vocals are still impressive . But his fans do n't want to hear this pop gibberish . I have no idea what made Robin think he would be good singing this type of music . Usually I would complain about a CD with only 11 songs , but in this case , I was glad when the CD finally ended and I was put out of my misery . I hope he gives it one more go , but I hope it 'll sound nothing like this one !!
 I love Robin Gibb and have loved his singing ever since I can remember listening to h im and his brothers back in the 70 's . However , this CD was a terrible disappointment to me . Robin has such an angelic voice mixed with sounds of passion and soul . He sings like an angel . But this CD was , in my opinion , not the typical Robin . He sounds like he is trying to keep up with the current trend of hip hop instead of singing songs that match the passion and soul in his voice . I am very disappointed with his choice of music in this CD . I still love him and all of his previous albums and will continue to listen to his other songs that he recorded with his brothers . I would like to hear a solo album of just Robin singing more from his soul with the passion that he has inside of him reaching his listeners .
 I have to agree with the reviewer that this CD was not really worthy of Robin Gibb 's talents but the tasteless remarks about him were over the top.Unless you actually know the man and his travel habits , how would you have any idea how much time he spends with his family or whether or not he saw Maurice in the months prior to his death?For being 15 years old , you certainly have a great command of the English language , with the help of whomever your footnote indicated edited your review . LOL
 I would like to say first Im a beegees fan . But this album is not beegees . Robin Gibb is going on 60 years of age , and to hear him yell `` get my freak on '' & `` chillin in the house '' is disturbing . To listen to Robin more than 2 or 3 songs on an 11 song album as were all use to is just painful.This album is sort of making fun of contempary music . First of all Mr. Gibb sounds like there is a large object cought in his throat.Now to why I do n't like this album.PlEASE the first song is almost good , I ca n't cut on it too much.WISH YOU WERE HERE Robin takes a perfectly good beegees song that really had a meaning -LRB- written for Andy Gibb the younger brother -RRB- and virtually destroyed it.NO DOUBT a 56 year old man should not sing a song like this he sounds rediculous speaking street slang.LONELY NIGHT IN NEW YORK this song was a flop in nine-teen eighty something so he is gon na change the music and put it on an album 20 years later only to be a flop again.LOVE HURTS , yeah its the one done by the 80s band . And yeah it does hurt to hear Robin Gibb destroy another good song.I bought this album with expectations but mr. Gibb did not deliver . So in closing to make amazon happy you might like it . But for my personal openion -LRB- DO YOURSELF A FAVOR -RRB- !!!!!!
 I love Robin and his vocals . Hearing an old classic ` Love Hurts ' is a treasure in the context of Robin 's voice , HOWEVER , the rest of this material sounds like a desparate attempt to keep up with modern material ... `` Hello , get rid of the manager who gave ` thumbs up ' on this one . ''
 Oh boy this is hard to defend . I 'm 25 years old and for the most part when I get made fun of for likeing the BGs I can kinda say `` whatever '' . But dang this is a steaming pile . I never really liked RG 's voice anyway so I really shouldnt have bought it to begin with . So yea if you like the Bee Gees this does n't really reflect what they were about very much
 Perhaps the fact that Robin Gibb is my least favorite Bee Gee plays a significant role in my contempt for `` Magnet ; '' however , the unbiased , open-minded side of me was disappointed with this latest solo attempt as well . Upon first listen of Robin 's newest effort , my initial reaction was to double over laughing . Unfortunately , I was soon distraught in the realization that the album was released as a serious effort . Typical of today 's contemporary releases , the album produces a string of appealing tracks , yet lacks any substance whatsoever . Even more inadequate , the Gibb 's songwriting - a trademark element found on both group and solo efforts - is basically nonexistent . Not surprising , the only satisfactory song on the CD is the remix of the Bee Gees ' tribute to late brother Andy Gibb , `` Wish You Were Here '' -LRB- also an ironic accolade to recently deceased brother , Maurice . -RRB- In an effort to rework the 1983 track `` Another Lonely Night In New York , '' Robin has attempted to appeal to a younger generation with overpowering dance-backing tracks ; stick with what you 're good at , Rob - vocals . Along those lines , my only praise of the album is Robin 's flawless vocal performance ; this album was not worthy of a voice like his . He would 've had much better luck collaborating with Barry and Maurice Gibb on a new Bee Gees studio album , and he might have even gotten to witness the last months of his twin brother 's life . For Robin to increase public awareness and re-establish himself as a solo artist , he should have consulted his brothers in this attempt to recreate the brilliance contained in previous solo albums , such as `` How Old Are You '' and `` Robin 's Reign . '' The efforts from `` Magnet '' clearly lack the trademark Gibb talent that has been showcased in previous releases . All in all , `` Magnet '' is a lackluster release from someone who has previously been considered one of the greatest musical influences of all time , and the most vocally talented Gibb . Should 've stuck with your bros , Rob ; especially if it 's success you were craving.And Rob , warn us before using such juvenile terms as `` gon na get my freak on '' and `` gon na make my move . '' I 'd like to be spared such horrifying mental images in the future ... ** Additional research and editing provided by James Lockwood . -LRB- lol -RRB-
 Befor I start just want to say Im a beegees fan , however this is not ! beegees.Robin Gibb is going on 60 years of age and to hear him yell `` get my freak on '' & `` chillin in the house '' is disturbing.Robin 's voice has always bothered me , its sort of like he has a large object hung in his throat and needs to cough it up.To listen to him sing more than 3 mins . on an hour album is just painful.Robin has completly destroyed an otherwise great song in WISH YOU WERE HERE , a song that had a real meaning -LRB- for Andy the younger brother -RRB- is now just another aweful song by Robin.In NO DOUBT , Robin sounds rediculous singing in street slang.ANOTHER NIGHT IN NY - this song was a flop in ninteen eighty somthing , so he is gon na change the music and put it on an album 20 years later only to be a flop again.LOVE HURTS-yeah its the one done by the 80 's band and yeah it does hurt to see Robin destroy another otherwise good song.When I bought this album I had it special ordered from England , so I certinly had expectations Mr.Gibb did not deliver.So I guess Im not a BeeGees fan.Im really a Barry Gibb fan . Is ` nt it funny that Barry 's solo did ` nt suck.You may end up liking it if you buy it.But my personal openion -LRB- do yourself a favor -RRB- !!!!! ps . this album does not deserve even one star ...
 Except for `` Please '' , a touch from our current time UGLY music has reached the beauty of the clear springs of the past.The first time to regret money i spent on a Gibb CD.I 'll travel back to Egypt to get `` ONE '' and `` How old are you '' out of my old collection i left.I wished . . , i wished even to see better photos.My second condolences .
 I love The Bee Gees!They have been unbelievably talented writers and singers from day one.The emotion in Robin Gibb 's voice has always been capable of putting a tear in my eye and a lump in my throat.I hurried to buy this album.I put it on , listened to the first couple of songs , tracked through a bit of the next several , took it out of the player , packaged it up and sent it back.All I can say is ` Robin , I love your voice and songwriting , but what the HELL were you thinking here ? '
 I was a little dissapointed with the CD . I thought Robin sounded very good , but he seemed like a fish out of water with the hip-hop feel of the music . `` Please '' and `` Wish You Were Here '' are the only two tracks that had any staying power for me -- `` Please '' had an especially nice sound to it , but even that song had too many background vocals for my taste , which was how the whole album felt to me . I think Robin 's voice is strong enough to stand alone most of the time -- he does n't need someone echoing his lyrics.Great voice , but it seemed out of place on this album .
 If you 're looking for this CD to sound like The Bee Gees you will be grossly disappointed ! Anyone care to have my copy of the CD ? I 'll give it to you for free !
 I actually bought this CD a few years back when it was first released . I looked at the credits before actually popping the CD into the the player and noticed that with the exception of the BG remakes , they were mostly written by other people ! I 'm not sure why he let other people write the songs since he 's completely capable to write his own songs . So what gives?I do not reconize any of the song writers credited on the CD and gee ... I wonder why ?? The song writing is terrible and the production is even worse . Most of the time Robin 's vocals are drowned out by medicore backing vocals . Poor song writing does n't help here.Did I mention the songs were terrible ?? The remake of Another Night in NY is a droned out , boring remake and the original was n't my favorite either.Please is a great song to fall asleep to when you 're having a bad case of insomneia.Advice ? Robin , re-release your older solo efforts ! This shows your real talents , not this CD !
 This is as low as I have ever rated a Bee Gees cd . This cd is definitely not him . I do n't even think he would 've released this if Maurice was still around . That aside , he did . Please is the only sensible song on this cd which earned him that 2 stars . The rest of the songs are modern style r & b junkies and the 2 remakes are just like , whoa , why ?? I 'm glad tho that he 's still coming out with music , but it did n't work . Too many unkown guests that make it even worse . I 'm still a Bee Gee fan forever though . Go get Main Course .
 Best of Dark Horse is another half-hearted attempt to gather George Harrison 's greatest songs together . This time we only get tracks from 1976 to 1989 . While there are some good songs -LRB- Blow Away , Crackerbox Palace , Cheer Down , etc. -RRB- the rest do n't represent his best songs from this period . Where 's Faster , This Is Love , Someplace Else , etc?The only reasons to purchase this CD are for the rarities Poor Little Girl , Cockamamie Business and Cheer Down.Until they make a true Best Of , we 'll have to make our own single-disc compilation . Here are the tracks needed
 Not worthy of any comments!However I still respect Amazon.com its moviemars that that misrepresent Amazon.com ! Cherno Ba !
 This is a unique artist , whose voice is my constant reminder ofGod 's gifts to human beings.A voice that has the beauty of Africalocked in it.An inspiring velvet voice with a musicality that gives you vertigo!I have been his fan since donkey years , far back in France . One can never get tired of listening to his music.This CD is another goody-goody . A `` must-have '' . I Merci infiniment , Sali-fou ! T'en as fait encore !
 OK , I will concede the fact that Bam Bam by Pliers , Dem a Bleach by Nardo and Murder She Wrote are dancehall classics . but every song using the exact same beat ? This is why I returned this CD when it came out and would n't buy it now.For the three songs mentioned above , they are all over the place on other dancehall compilation CDs . The rest , you wo n't miss them ... as you already will have the beat ! Dancehall in the 80s and 90s used to recycle beats all the time but this is ridiculous .
 I tried to hold off on reviewing The Crane Wife , thinking that perhaps repeated listenings would energize me and bring me around to liking it . Alas , however , the dozenth repetition is just as boring as the first . After waiting months and months for this album to arrive , my initial hearing of it was barren of comment except for the perennial favourite , `` wtf ? `` To be sure , it is not a BAD album . I remain convinced that the Decemberists will never produce a poor album , or one that is genuinely musically offensive . But the Crane Wife is n't good , either , it simply is . It lacks the eccentric , exciting quirkiness of their past efforts . The stories Meloy is telling do not hold my attention , and the very sounds of the music do not affect me in the same manner of the older work . It 's not a bad album at all , but it leaves me bewildered as it lacks some of whatever made their past albums magic.Truly , fans of the band will find things to like . Even with my overall lukewarm perspective of the album , I still manage to love ` Yankee Bayonet ' and ` Sons & Daughters . ' But I want to recommend that if you are new to the Decemberists , please listen first to Castaways & Cutouts or Her Majesty , both better introductions to their musical and literary brilliance . I am crossing my fingers that the next effort will thrill me like their work has in the past !
 Colin Malloy 's `` signature voice '' is an incredibly annoying whine . The songwriting is quite nice at times , but just plain silly and campy at others . One gets the impression that the band considers angst an emotion that one should strive to feel . I guess that 's great if you 're a teenager -- otherwise , not so much .
 Bought based on a Clip on NPR - sadly the body of the work did not live up.just boring , when not annoying . sory .
 Ouch . I bought this album because of some promising reviews . I listened to it on head phones numerous times , really trying to feel it . To get it . But I just ca n't . It comes off as Jethro Tull hijacked by the most tedious English teacher of all time . I truly hate this record . I do n't get how this qualifies as `` indie . '' It is so derivative and lackluster -- devoid of coolness .
 ... the Decemberists get caught trying too hard . As a fan of their other four-odd releases , I 've found that my support for them wanes with every release they issue . I felt that 5 Songs and Castaways and Cutouts , despite being rough around the edges , were their most original material . This is not to say that I hated Her Majesty and Picaresque ... it 's just that I can honestly say that their first two albums did not conform whatsoever to any sort of music I 'd heard before , and it perfectly fit the wordy literacy of Colin Meloy 's lyrics.So enter The Crane Wife . I think that Crane Wife Part 3 , Yankee Bayonet and perhaps Shankill Butchers and Sons and Daughters are the closest to their early originality . In other tunes I hear glimpses of Yes-like prog , electric piano driven riffs reminiscent of 70s rock , as well as heavier rock -LRB- close to metal , even -RRB- . The words and lyrics on this album feel like apples and oranges ... especially in aforesaid rock tune When the War Came , O Valencia , etc. . O Valencia I think is meant to be an ironic twist as it contrasts a tragic Romeo and Juliet theme with probably the most upbeat music , yet as a pop song it sounds like a strained rendition of Death Cab for Cutie , with none of the smooth sensibility of the latter . I do n't remember hearing any recycling of past genres or even material until Picaresque and especially The Crane Wife.I think this album needs to be listened to , in any case . Simply put , I was optimistic about the label change because of the lacking I had felt in recent releases . -LRB- Granted , I liked a lot of the songs on Picaresque -RRB- . There 's an underlying feeling on much of The Crane Wife , and this is a strenuous feeling of trying to top much of the originality that made the Decemberists such a popular act to begin with . Plus , there 's only so many antiqued ballads a modern songwriter can craft , and I feel that Meloy is beginning to scrape the bottom of the barrel . Irregardless , you still might learn something . -LRB- This review might be biased , since last fall I saw the Decemberists on the Picaresque Tour and was completely unimpressed with their energy , after seeing the much older R.E.M. members completely rock out the previous year . It might have been the night , but the D 's frankly looked like they could n't wait to finish and go to bed . Ever since then I 've looked upon them sceptically . -RRB-
 I 've probably listened to `` crane wife '' several dozen times -LRB- one of the perks of working for a hipster clothing retailer -RRB- and after rolling meloy 's lyrics around in my head for a month or so i can honestly say that he has created the pirate-prog rock song cycle of the year , which somehow is not as cool as you 'd think it might be . what i really do n't understand is the slavering fanboyism this band seems to inspire within some `` intellectual '' music fan circles . just because you need to use a dictionary to decpiher meloy 's overblown dickensian narratives does n't make them well-written or intelligent . instead `` the crane wife '' is the newest addition to the recycled 18th Century story sketches meloy does n't seem to be able to depart from . maybe i 'm just too picky but lyrics such as `` Produced my pistol , then my saber to make no whistle or thou will be murdered '' from `` the island '' come off as extremely silly , especially when filtered through meloy 's extremely nasal delivery . the `` crane wife '' titled-tracks produce some interesting images , but ultimately lose their effectiveness due to meloy 's weakness for 10-dollar-words . overall , the whole album sinks under the weight over over-writting , over-singing , and over-playing . meloy and co. should put down the dickens for a little while and read some william carlos williams .
 In their hey day , my teenage son & I both enjoyed The Decemberists . The Times They Are A-Changin ' ! My son , now 20 , has become an adult and money being tight , I suppose , he did not immediately purchase The D 's major label debut . It might have also been a bit of fear factor . I had hoped the switch to a major label might help them to relax & allow them more time to flesh out what had always been some great music ! My son had hoped `` they still play good tunes !! '' ! Recently , I did chance upon The Crane Wife . Feeling nostalgic , I purchased it for him . He is a bit more forgiving and says the album is okay . I , on the other hand , find the sound and attitude a bit pretentious . Elitist , if you will . It happens to the best of them . Maybe they thought because they are now on a major label they have to show the label they are worth the big bucks and the fans how much bigger they have become . Hopefully , they will realize the error and crawl back into the KillRockStars studio , reread The Crane Wife and have themselves a nice bite of mea culpa to go with their green tea . Also , in the future , they should first understand a philosophy before they attempt to emulate it .
 sorry but note the redundancy of the title above -- there are much much much better hyperliterate kooks out there -- and certainly far more melodic jangly pop bands working senses overtime these days . Quirky 's an awful flavor of tar to brush a band with , but boy The Sugarplastic , Anton Barbeau , Sparklehorse , Yo La Tengo , Robyn Hitchcock , and The Black Watch ALL put out idiocincratic , MUCH more satisfying and beautiful records than this lot 's done . the title track is all right . the lilting nature of a FEW of the melodies is pleasing , but boy does this record , for the most part , GRATE and CHAFE anyone who grew up on good quirk -LRB- XTC , Jazz Butcher , et alia -RRB- . AVOID the decemberists ' brand of `` off '' pop -- i WANTED to like this . i really did . i played it around 7 times . It 's boring and self-conscious . sad .
 This album is completely void of the quirkiness that we have all come to define as quintessentially Meloy -LRB- and company -RRB- . The lyrics no longer provoke theatrical , historical images of dying infants , `` camels in disrepair , '' etc - the Crane Wife sounds almost like obscenely clean , generic prog rock .
 This will be my shortest review ever . I know , everyone wins.This is one of two things.It 's either ... A -RRB- utterly twee garbage that should really be avoided ... OR ... B -RRB- a perfectly transcendant experiance -LRB- for Belle & Sebastian fans -RRB- . Oh wait ... those are the same thing.Well ... whatever ... nevermind .
 Colin Meloy , tone-deaf Irish pirate ? They choose to sing fairytales because any other topic would reveal exactly how atrocious and one-dimensional they really are . The music sounds like a try-out for a junior-college frat party . And Meloy simply can not sing and should never be allowed near another microphone . Somebody should also fine him $ 500 for polluting the ether with that `` per-fect currrrr-rye-um '' hokum.And the pseudo-intellectualism of the whole endeavor is just blatant . If you doubt this , try reading their fake scrambling to explain why they allegedly purposely decided to mis-spell `` Decembrists . '' No way .
 Another typical album from the Apache . The album made me BOOMSHAKALAK all the way to the toilet !!! But giving credit where credit is due , Apache covers some sensitive issues very well indeed . Goes to show , music covers all boundaries , whether it be religious , cultural etc. .
 I purchased this after being fully impressed with From Monday to Sunday and The Apple Bed . I am a Haircut 100 fan as well , but this album unfortunately finds Nick waist deep in the parts of the 80 's that we 'd like to forget
 A little too hokey pokey and sing song for my taste . I think that the group just basically rested on their individual laurels as performing artists . If you listen to the words of most of the songs it sounds like they just went into the studio to record without having any forethought . I would think that recording artists of this caliber would be able to to at least sound like just did n't drop into the studio just to jam and produce whatever . It sounds disjointed , like they are not connected to each other musically . Overall , rather disapointing after you get over the initial excitement of the combination of the artists . Not a CD that makes me want to listen to it again and again , how about you ?
 First the good
 OK , I will concede the fact that Bam Bam by Pliers , Dem a Bleach by Nardo and Murder She Wrote are dancehall classics . but every song using the exact same beat ? This is why I returned this CD when it came out and would n't buy it now.For the three songs mentioned above , they are all over the place on other dancehall compilation CDs . The rest , you wo n't miss them ... as you already will have the beat ! Dancehall in the 80s and 90s used to recycle beats all the time but this is ridiculous .
 I would like to warn anyone considering the purchase of this CD that it contains no original soundtrack recordings and is largely made up of sythesised re-recordings of unbearable banality . Lai is a glorious composer certainly in the top three french movie composers but this CD is not representative of his genius and is best avoided . Go for the original recording and save yourself the disappointment .
 I rushed in and bought this CD because I thought it contained the sound-track music and songs . Well , it did say Francis Lai . Instead I got the very worst elevator music . Its indescribably bad . Do n't be fooled . Find the real one and pay more .
 This is marketed to appear as if it is the original soundtrack of the movie `` A Man and a Woman '' , but actually it is a re-recording of some of the movie 's music , in English rather than the original French , with some extra music thrown in . The original soundtrack , with the wonderful , romantic music that helped this movie win the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film , is available under the title `` Un Homme et une Femme '' . Do n't be fooled .
 I am another person who bought this cd thinking it had the music from the movie . -LRB- Which it says it does . -RRB- The only recognizable song was the theme song , and although it was recognizable , it was painful to recognize it on this cd . The music is synthesized , and it is absolutely horrible.I really do n't know what to do with this cd . Undoubtedly it will end up at the used bookstore , where they will possibly give me a dollar for it.This cd is overpriced , misrepresented , and truly appalling.I hope you can benefit from the mistakes of buyers before you.Spend a few extra dollars and get the original soundtrack !
 Horrid , horrible and cheesy ... makes you want to smash the CD . The track after Blue Rose is quite possibly the worst song recorded in history . Worst than fingernails screeching across a chalkboard . Kinda reminds me of background music for one of the corny high-kick-and-twirl dance routines on Solid Gold -LRB- headband and all -RRB- . I bought it because of Francis Lai ... big , big mistake .
 The quality of the product is very poor . The last 3 songs do not play . Is it possible to get a replacement and to send this one back ? However , the service i.e. response and delivery was good and I am happy with it .
 I listended to a snipet of this cd on Amazon , ' A Quiet Place ' . Sometimes those samples do n't give you the complete picture.In other words you need more than two seconds to judge a song.I did ` nt care for this cd as a whole . It sounds dated , thoughI am a big fan of Take 6 . I especially like their sessions withStevie Wonder , but this cd comes across as just another one ofthoses Boy Bands from the 80s and 90s .
 SNIP SNIP , CUT AND CLIP . The muscle is lost in this 60s anthology of young TED NUGENT AND THE AMBOY DUKES . I would like to add that this poor recording sounds one-dimensional and un-layered . The Smashing Pumpkins site Ted Nugent as an influence - it is a good thing they never heard this . I would never want my boyfriend to play this in the car - we would probably never stop because we would want to get home so fast ! Unlikely parking music .
 Agree with Debbie . Crucial passages -LRB- the bass solo and jazz organ break in `` Prodigal Man '' have been deleted -LSB- if only Ihad perfect pitch I could recall them from memory -RSB- -RRB- but at least the gist of the music is there . I was so disappointed though , that I returned it for a refund and am looking for the LP version .
 track down the LP of this one as there is about 10 minutes missing in the CD ... . I am so sad & I wished for better , the LP is 4 stars
 Ok ! This is another `` Welcome to the Neighborhood '' project where Meat could n't have said it better himself just because he ca n't ... Starting from the beginning '' ... And you said nothing at all ... '' '' ... I 'd lie for you and thats the truth ... `` with the usual acoustic duet right after the middle of the song ... Nothing really new , means nothing really true ... I consider Meat Loaf as one of the greatests rock singers of all time due to his incomparable vocals . But this is not enough especially when he definatelly does n't sound like BAT II or every past work of his.This album states the Truth that Meat can only prevail on `` Steinworld '' and there is where he really belongs ... Keep on dreaming of the BAT III ... THE FINAL AT BATS !
 While this greatest hits collection will satisfy distant fans of DS -LRB- all the songs are excellent -RRB- , it will disappoint others more familiar with the band . Its pretty much the type of CD you expect to be marketed on late night TV - just the immediately recognizable `` hits '' with later tracks thrown in . From the early period , where is Wild West End , Down to the Waterline , even Six Blade Knife , Comminque , Once Upon a Time in the West , Where Do You Think You 're Going , or maybe Follow Me Home . From the mid period , leaving out Skateaway is unforgiveable . Later period is covered well -LRB- but given the paucity of earlier material of greater substance how did the producers then cull three cuts from the On Every Street album ? -RRB- . Since there is n't much alternative for DS fans , it probably warrants purchase . It is so insulting in content though , hold out until better offerings come along - if you can wait that long .
 I realize that they had to edit this CD in order to put all the tracks on it ... that 's clear . My advice to all of you is to do what I did . Download all of the full versions of every song on the album minus `` Private Investigations '' and `` Local Hero/Wild Theme '' . Leave those 2 songs off and you will have enough room on your blank CD to put the rest on it . The reason for eliminating these 2 tracks is ... 1 . `` Private Investigations '' has no beat or rythym to it at all and is a boring song ... and 2 . `` Local Hero/Wild Theme '' is a cover of a solo working by Knopfler , so why is it even on here . Go buy the album `` Screenplaying '' if you want to hear that song . Do this and you will have a perfect Dire Straits `` Best Of '' CD .
 This compilation has 1 song you never found on the other albums , Twisting By The Pool . And I like it great . But several songs on this is in EDITED VERSIONS ! Buy all their studio albums and stop wasting time getting into Dire Straits with this . Get into them by buying all their studio albums . They are all full length . Plusthis is missing too many good songs . Where are they . Not a greatest hits album at all , plus Dire Straits are one of the greatest rock groups in history . I got into Dire Straits by buying this , then I bought On Every Street and it was more fulllength . Then I bought the others and they were better.Don ' t buy this . Get Them insted .
 Dire Straits / Sultans of swing / the very best of Dire Straits
 I was pleased with this collection , until I realized that the entire second verse of `` Money For Nothing '' had been edited out . I assume that this was done so as not to offend sensitive ears with a derogatory term for male homosexuals , which was used as a shorthand device to make no doubt of the ignorance of the song 's narrator . And Knopfler has always maintained that the song came from an actual conversation that he overheard . Too bad that irony is lost on the do-gooders , and that they have taken a song that makes a blistering point and have removed much of its power . A complete disgrace . Politically correct morons , 1 , Rock and Roll , 0 . I sure hope these people never listen to `` Rednecks '' by Randy Newman .
 this sucks . I was just listening to one of my favorite songs , Money for Nothing , I mean this is one of my favorite songs of anybody I listen to , and the song got sensored , the lyrics about the little faggot ... that 's his real hair ... WELL THEY TOOK THAT OUT . Why does the world have to be so damn PC ?! If it offened someone in the first place they would never buy the album . If it does n't offened you , then you DO buy the album . Let the buyer make up his/her own mind on what they want to listen to.this is like when a radio station only plays part of a song because they think it 's too long . ONE OF THE REASONS I LIKE THE SONG IS BECAUSE IT 'S LONG ! gim me a break !
 How can the `` Very Best of '' CD not conatin the Very Best Song ... Skateaway from 1980 's Making Movies LP . Long forgotten song that deserves way better treatment than it has received through the years .
 This would have been a good cd except for the edited version of Money for Nothing which removed the most memorable line in any Dire Straits song - `` The Little F@got wioth the earings and the makeup ... '' I guess they got politically correct in their old age . In addition there is some very boring live recordings where the band sounds asleep . Not worth it !!!
 Dire Straits were a very talented band who made some decent music . Unfortunately this collection leaves off two of their strongest songs , `` Skateaway '' and `` Industrial Disease '' -LRB- three , if you count `` Solid Rock '' -RRB- - and even more outrageous is the editing out the second verse of `` Money For Nothing . '' No warning on the label ? Big-time cave-in to the evil forces of political correctness!A better introduction to the band would be to just buy the album `` Making Movies . '' They have n't made a decent greatest hits collection for Dire Straits , and they probably never will : -LRB-
 Firstly in response to the editorial - ` Communique ' is not a dismal record by any means ! It may not have fared as well as other DS albums and had no hits so to speak , but it was a good album!Its a shame that instead of releasing a 2 CD compilation , instead cramming 16 songs onto one CD meant editing so many great songs - ` Money for Nothing ' , ` Brothers In Arms ' , et al. . More over , this collection has too many annoying live renditions of songs which were superior in their original studio format - ` Love Over Gold ' in particular . With the new ` Private Investigations ' CD out now -LRB- in single and also double CD form -RRB- , check that one out , or stick to the original studio albums , this is not a showcase of DS at their best . Several tracks including the superb ` Telegraph Road ' areis also missing from this collection .
 the songs on this cd should have been listed as edited . since this was not the case it is now the trash that it is
 Many of the songs are mediocre and lyrical deficient . They lack insight and are one-side . Sonically , above normal . About two songs that are good .
 SirsThe record I asked for was SULTANS OF SWING - THE VERY BEST OF DIRE STRAITS and the one you sent to me was THE ULTIMATE YMA SUMAC COLLECTION . Since I , m not interested in this last one , I have to ask you for the inmedite change of it , or Pls . send my money back.RegardsRuben Amores
 dire straits the most over-rated puke making band this world has ever produced god this bands suck . . my mom loves this band i hate them with a passion . . i really really hate them that 's my opipion give me negative i do n't care . . my opipion is all i care for . . and this suxsif you like your music with alot of corn buy thisbut if you like your music with a bit of meatbuy greenday greatest hitsGNR appetite for destructionnick drake pink moonmark lanegan bubblegumt.rex electric warriorblack sabbath paronoiddo n't swallow this cheesy corn . . the only good song ismoney for nothing . .
 Make no mistake , Dire Straits made some classic material and all their studio albums -LRB- with the possible exception of On Every Street -RRB- were first rate , and Mark Knopfler is one of the most talented guitarist and songwriters around as well as a brilliant lyricist . Dire Straits were seen as much more of an ` albums ' band than a singles band.However I found this ` Best of ' compilation disappointing ; it is not a good reflection of the group as a whole . ` Sultans of Swing ' , ` Romeo and Juliet ' and ` Tunnel of Love ' are all here , but most of the remaining tracks are either edited or not worthwhile enough inclusions which is where this set falls down . ` Twisting By the Pool ' is a thoroughly cheesy song which sits uncomfortably with most of the groups other material with its appalling lyrics ! . A dud live version of a track which was appealing in its original studio form is also included with ` Love Over Gold ' . ` Money For Nothing ' is not only edited but the second verse is omitted here . Ditto ` Brothers In Arms ' , as a result the brilliant guitar solo at the end is omitted . Other tracks which were not included but should have been are ` Skateaway ' -LRB- from Making Movies -RRB- , and the superb ` Telegraph Road ' , which was one of Dire Straits ' best songs ever.Probably the best answer to this would be a double CD -LRB- like Billy Joel 's Greatest Hits package among others -RRB- . You 're better to collect the original studio albums -LRB- and possibly the live ones too -RRB- than buy this , and Knopfler 's solo albums are also worth considering .
 If all you know of Dire Straits is their `` Best Of '' you are really missing the best of Dire Straits and the incredible songwriting and guitar of Mark Knopfler . Avoid this mainstream offering and get the albums . Start off with Making Movies , their self titled Dire Straits and/or the live album Alchemy .
 I am a Dire Straits fan . This is why I am disappointed that this compilation provides cut versions of many tracks . Two minutes of Knopfler 's beautiful closing riffs in Calling Elvis are gone while Private Investigations suffers a similar fate . The live version of Local Hero is gracious but not representative of the rock version on the soundtrack.In short this is a disappointing compilation of Dire Straits ' great work . In fact , it is strange that the record companies have not worked out that this sort of offering is exactly why people make their own compilations . This CD is `` Money for nothing '' . Buy the original CDs and burn your own favorites !
 I bought this lp on vinyl today ... in Melbourne . I should have known better seeing 1 . -RRB- the date 1988 and 2 . -RRB- the Quincy Jones executive producer tag -LRB- do n't get me wrong , I LOVE Quincy Jones , but he 's made a few clangers in his time e.g the 1981 Donna Summer fiasco -RRB- . This album is a perfect showcase of some of the worse excesses of 80s music . If you lived through the period it may bring back a few unwelcome nightmares . Clanging drum machines , booming growler vocals , and every sort of production trick that producers Rod Temperton and Dick Rudolph can bring out of their box of tricks . There is absolutely nothing original , refreshing or noteworthy about this record . Siedah 's vocals sounded much lovelier on her duet with Michael Jackson . If you are looking for the same kind of sound you wo n't find it here . We 're talking major turkey . I actually suspect that LaToya may have elbowed her way into the studio and started barking orders .
 I bought this album because I heard her sing at the homecoming service for Marvin Sapp 's wife -LRB- and she sounded great ! -RRB- , and because of the strong customer reviews of the album.Having said that , this album is not that good . There is only one good song , in my opinion , and it is ... just alright . The album is not produced or mastered very well , and the lead and background vocals are not very polished . Do n't get me wrong , Lucinda can sing - it is just that she ... tries too hard at times on this album . She misses at least one note on literally EVERY SONG . I am not saying that to sound critical , I am saying that make a point that for me , personally , I do not like when singers that can clearly sing well , try to ... over sing songs with unnecessary runs and vocal acrobatics - it does not add anything of value for me , it merely distracts , and that is the feel of this entire album .
 Not even a little bit . I found it mindless and juvenile.Maybe it 's because I have n't been to New Orleans .
 The three albums Marc Anthony Thompson released as Chocolate Genius are nothing short of ... well , genius . Thought-provoking , sophistocated , and funny , each of them builds on the one before . This is hardly the same person . `` Whaddaya mean , it 's not the same person ? All he did was change his name ! `` After this album , I 'm not at all surprised . There are a couple of flashes of brilliance on here -LRB- especially `` Monkey '' , which the reviewer below also mentions -RRB- , and they 're the only reason that this album does n't get only one star . There 's no other way I can think to say it
 Nothing worth buying.Sarah Paxton is a very unconvincing actress and a plain singer - another duff , another ashlee .
 It 's really not a wonder to me why John Howard 's records never `` took off '' or why the label dropped him . Both of these discs sound like an artist struggling -LRB- read
 Another typical album from the Apache . The album made me BOOMSHAKALAK all the way to the toilet !!! But giving credit where credit is due , Apache covers some sensitive issues very well indeed . Goes to show , music covers all boundaries , whether it be religious , cultural etc. .
 Low is such a bad song - it doesnt make any sense . Shes no where near the leauge of clay or ruben .
 this remix for the 90 's does no justice for these songs . in my opinion the ninety 's was the worst decade for music anyhow and the remix of these classic songs fell right into that trap . there is 2 songs on the cd that i might play but out side of that -LRB- there is nothing here -RRB- i know this was ` nt a big seller
 Talisman 's first studio album is also called Talisman and this is not it !!!!!!
 I remembered watching Bagdad Cafe and wanting the soundtrack so much , especially because of Jevetta Steele 's `` Calling You '' but when i purchased the CD i was sorely disappointed in its quality . Essentially `` Calling You '' is the only listenable song . I did n't look closely enough at the track titles either , so i was also disappointed to find that although the jacket lists 20 tracks , the CD only has 8 songs . -LRB- rip off -RRB- I am not amused .
 this remix for the 90 's does no justice for these songs . in my opinion the ninety 's was the worst decade for music anyhow and the remix of these classic songs fell right into that trap . there is 2 songs on the cd that i might play but out side of that -LRB- there is nothing here -RRB- i know this was ` nt a big seller
 Mable John is noteworthy as the first woman signed to Berry Gordy 's Tamla Records -LRB- the predecessor to the cultural phenomenon that was Motown Records -RRB- . There , four songs were released . Seven songs were released were released by Stax ; three were released by Tangerine . She was also lead singer of Ray Charles 's Raelettes.STAY OUT OF THE KITCHEN consists of 25 songs , all but seven -LRB- 2 , 4 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 19 , 20 -RRB- of which are previously unreleased -LRB- some as alternate takes -RRB- , recorded 1966-1968 for Stax Records -LRB- tracks 2 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 19 , 20 , 21 are mono -RRB- . Most of the songs are collaborations with Isaac Hayes and David Porter . Booklet includes a lengthy essay -LRB- four panel -RRB- by Rob Bowman , no lyrics , no photos , and very limited track information -LRB- only songwriters and occasionally `` take '' numbers ; no recording dates , chart information , or personnel information -RRB- . The song `` Your Good Thing -LRB- Is About to End -RRB- '' described a her `` monster R&B ; record that peaked at # 6 '' is not included in this compilation . All but two of the songs -LRB- 3 , 35 -RRB- are under 3 minutes long . Total running time is 67:08 . I do n't find this to be the best example of Southern Soul or 1960s Soul . Despite the input of Hayes & Porter , Mable John 's sound is not that of a solo female Sam & Dave . -LRB- But apparently is more Soulful than the Pop recordings made with pre-Motown Berry Gordy several years earlier . -RRB- She is not comparable with Etta James or Millie Jackson - or Ann Peebles or Ruth Brown or Koko Taylor or Esther Phillips , for that matter . Her voice lacks vigor , intensity , urgency , gut-wrenching emotion , or true distinction . But her voice is pleasant and the music is enjoyable -LRB- My favorite is the sassy `` Sorry About That '' -RRB- . For the right price , this compilation is worth adding to one 's collection .
 Another typical album from the Apache . The album made me BOOMSHAKALAK all the way to the toilet !!! But giving credit where credit is due , Apache covers some sensitive issues very well indeed . Goes to show , music covers all boundaries , whether it be religious , cultural etc. .
 Terrible . I actually liked this band when I was extremely young . I 'm glad I woke up and seen them and country music for what it really is.These guys have too many cheesy type of ballads . Their dull and depressing .
 Another typical album from the Apache . The album made me BOOMSHAKALAK all the way to the toilet !!! But giving credit where credit is due , Apache covers some sensitive issues very well indeed . Goes to show , music covers all boundaries , whether it be religious , cultural etc. .
 I remembered watching Bagdad Cafe and wanting the soundtrack so much , especially because of Jevetta Steele 's `` Calling You '' but when i purchased the CD i was sorely disappointed in its quality . Essentially `` Calling You '' is the only listenable song . I did n't look closely enough at the track titles either , so i was also disappointed to find that although the jacket lists 20 tracks , the CD only has 8 songs . -LRB- rip off -RRB- I am not amused .
 Pete Bender is a master at his craft . From the first cut to the last the drums relentless , the flute ever so softly , slowly take you on the journey to becoming whole again.He totally captures the sensitivity of the human soul . He reaches deep down inside you to rid you of your anxieties and helps you to heal your wounded spirit.This album is truly a blessing and one that should be listened to by everyone to heal the grieving soul and restore the balance and beauty in ones ' life .
 Doom Metal is one of those genres that , when done correctly , can pull you down into depths of misery and despair that you never thought possible . Done badly , on the other hand , it can result in music so utterly boring that it 'd be more likely to put you to sleep than elicit any sort of emotion.Which is most definately the case with `` The Sullen Sulcus '' -LRB- one of the silliest album titles I 've heard in a while -RRB- . Upon listening to the first track , `` The Words That Crawled , '' I immediately thought , `` gee , this sounds a lot like My Dying Bride . '' Not just a little , but a lot , right down the spoken-word lyrics over heavy guitar riffs , only this time with an Irish accent as opposed to a British one . It made me think just what exactly makes My Dying Bride so great . It 's because they carefully craft each song with varying tempos and structures , with innovative use of death/clean vocals and atmospheric keyboards so that you never get bored despite the long running length of their songs . `` The Sullen Sulcus '' has none of that.EVERY song here is played at the same , dirge-like tempo ; they NEVER change . For the most part , the songs on `` The Sullen Sulcus '' consist of slow , aimless , guitar riffs played without any hint of passion or emotion , laid over dreadfully tiresome death metal vocals that are neither unique nor interesting . The lyrics , perhaps one of the most crucial aspects in Doom Metal , straddle the dangerous penumbra between vaguely poetic and unintelligble gibberish . However , I 've saved the worst for last , that is , that EVERY song is over ten minutes in length ! Yet there is absolutely nothing to justify their length ; there is almost no actual structure to the tracks , instead they just drag on and on until they limp and wheeze to the end and die . I can not for the life of me recall how the tracks differed from one another , as they all blended together into one big , sludgey mass . There are no highs or lows , no shifting structures , just one big , long dreary mess that 's a chore to listen to.Heavy metal music can be cheesy , overdone , pomppous , or pretentious . But boring ? I never saw that one coming . Stick to your My Dying Bride albums .
 Being there last year I give this a big thumbs down . I am sure some of the footage would be good but there are so many better and more popular artists then some of the ones that were picked . I know its hard to pack in all the great music from the weekend into 2 discs but it 's missing Bob dylan , String Cheese , Yonder Mountain String band , Umphrey Mcgee etc. . . By far this looks like the weakest of the 3 dvds . Buy the First year instead
 In an attempt to make this story more modern and relevant , the author/composer destroyed the original story beyond recognition . It is no longer a Brothers Grimm story . And the musical arrangements do a great job of concealing the talent of Diana Damrau and her beautiful voice . We only watched about a third of it before turning it off . We love Diana Damrau ; but , this production is one she should have refused to do , as it does little to show off her rare musical talent . Do a You Tube search for her and you will hear her true ability as she does the Magic Flute . This production is more like a Broadway play than an Opera ; and , a poor one at that . If you like the original Brothers Grimm story , if you like Diana , and if you like Opera , then you will not want to buy this DVD .
 This is a supreme ripoff . Seventeen minutes and forty-seven seconds of music for $ 9.49 . The music itself is very good , especially the virtuosic adaptation of `` Flight of the Bumblebee . '' This is the only reason I gave it two stars instead of one . Bottom line , there should be two or three times as much music on this CD to make it a worthwhile buy .
 Like others on here claim to be , I am a hardcore SP fan -LRB- or WAS -RRB- the majority of my life . VivisectVI is my favorite album with Too Dark Park and RABIES closely behind . I own all the singles , rarities , unreleased videos , etc. and I also pretty much owe my obsession with Italian Horror films to Skinny Puppy . Obviously , I know my `` Puppy '' and know this ai n't it ! SP was so awesome and creative back in the 80 's because of their deep , innovative style . Each new release would prove to be better than the last and the music was addictive and moody . Not anymore . Dwayne died , OhGr had too many drug problems that were actually draining his creativity and cEvin was too busy trippin ' making all those `` Download '' and solo albums to care about old `` Puppy '' anymore . This was obviously made to cash-in on the Skinny Puppy name . Apparently , `` Download '' and `` oGhr '' albums are n't paying the bills ! EVERY TRACK is a wannabe Emo/goth/Hot Topic track that is designed to appeal to 15 year olds . The intelligence is gone , the horror themes are gone , the GOOD vocal distortion gone and most importantly , that ` nostalgic/moody '' feeling SP music can create . TGWOTR was bad enough , with like 2 `` ok '' tracks , but this just sucks . It sounds like a bunch of `` oGhr '' or `` cEvin Key '' solo project b-sides . A higher production ? Sure . The same talent that made SP the best electronic trio EVER , No . And it never will be again . Old fans hoping for that old SP sound should have given up a long time ago . I did .
 I dont know what happened to good old skinny puppy . It sounds more like an angsty teenage album from a no-name band . I was so excited by the reunion of Key and Ogre . Greater Wrong of the Right was a great comeback showing how the band had evolved since their seperation . This CD leaves me scratching my head and wondering what the hell happened
 I like them quite a bit , but no song really captured my attention . Mediocre album . Disappointing .
 This record is awful . Why these other reviewers compare it with `` the old days '' and then mention Last Rights and Too Dark Park is beyond my comprehension . Those albums are NOT THE OLD DAYS of Skinny Puppy ANYWAY ! Bites , Remission , Mind the Perpetual Intercourse , those were great albums . I 've listened to some of them hundreds of times I think . I 'd say they must need the money , but I do n't know that that 's it and I do n't want to insult them any further ... ANYWAY , this album sounds like a bunch of goofy rock songs to me . Just really bad rock songs . I hated it . What happened to these guys ? DEPRESSING !!!
 The innovative techniques that made SKINNY PUPPY sound edgy and subversive twenty years ago now sound tired and lo-tech . Clearly , times have changed . The average listener is more sophisticated , having been bombarded with new-wave , techno and trip-hop all within the space of a decade . But the passage of time seems to have had little effect on SKINNY PUPPY , at least if this album is anything to judge by . SKINNY PUPPY was fun to listen to . You could even dance to some of it . The early albums were fun ; they were sinister with a hint of camp , like the dopey thrill of watching horror flicks with friends while getting high . The thrill is gone .
 the only thing this album has going for it is its sleeve design . I have loved every skinny puppy release , even the process and gwotr . but i am really at a loss with this album . every track reminds me of yanni new age synth music with ogre doing his cher effects . and then there are these really cheesy repititious melodies . `` jesus wants to be ugly . jesus wants to be ugly '' . . so annoying.remember when listening to a skinny puppy album was like being forced to watch a freaky snuff film or horror movie ? this album is like watching one of those ghost hunter shows on tv ... lots of annoying gadgets and you never get to see a ghost.godd * mn i really wanted to like this album .
 This album sucks ! But if you are a puppy fan , you are going to buy it anyway ... and only listen to it every now and then too make sure it is really as awful as you thought it was!As the title of my review indicates , as far as I 'm concerned ... Skinny Puppy is dead ! I will still listen to ` bites/remission ' thru ` too dark park ' every day , but this and ` TGWOTR ` are not going anywhere near my stereos ! When I first Heard them in the early 80 's , I could not believe what I was hearing ! They were such incredible musicians making a music that has never been duplicated by anybody!If they want to make music like this ... fine ... just do NOT call it Skinny Puppy !!! give it another name!Since when has rhyming become so important anyway ! It actually sounds kinda silly !
 Remember back in the day when cEvin Key was in this synth pop group called Images in Vogue ? And remember how cEvin -LRB- influenced no doubt by The Fad Gadget and other electronic acts of his time -RRB- set out to change the norm and try to create something different ? Remember how they used to have dude man from Front Line Assembly -LRB- who Skinny Puppy now sounds as redundant as now a days -RRB- there to hit a few keys on the keyboard here and there , then Ohgr came in , and Dwayne and so on , and how the dude from Front Line left the band , and they got better and better and better with each album , and how every album was completely different from one another , and un-predictable , and full of beautiful yet disturbing sound scapes , and every song was packed full of logos , ciphers , and subliminal messages , and interesting samples from all sorts of crazy horror flicks and the like ? Remember how once in a while they would make a track that you could dance to , like Rabies , Bites , etc , but that was not he main focus of the musick , to be club friendly ? Remember the cool lyrics?Well change does come , Dwayne has passed away which I 'm sure takes away A LOT from Skinny Puppy , then the fact that now Ohgr seems to be spear heading the project and cEy just seems to be there to fill in gaps from time to time . Well actually I think I could hear a lot more cEy influence on this album , but it was not right , it was like trying to smash a neo-Download or Plataue project in with Ohgr 's solo albums , and then taking that and mixing it with some Man-O-War or something . It just ai n't right . None of the lyrics really stuck with me , I mean they ment well , but they were not that great still . Infact I would say this and the last releases title names were better than most he lyrics or the albums themselves ... then there is a song where Ohgr says , `` ya ya ya '' ... I mean come on , what is this rock-a-billy ?!?!?! Then of course like I was saying , the sound has NOT moved forwared.Now RX , that was an awsome album with Ohgr and Atkins , but for some reason after that , Ohgr took a dive . I guess it 's the adition of Mark Walk that has really changed things a lot . Because EVERY thing that comes out under the Ohgr and Skinny Puppy title anymore sounds like a re-hash of the Process and Ohgr 's solo work , with like I said , a touch of neo-download . The whole thing is mult-layered , but does not stick with you in the least bit ! And what is up with all the Man-O-War like orchestra like stuff ? I mean I like orchestra from time to time , I listen to a wide variety of musick , but this man-0-war orchestra , mixed in with the Ohgr cheesed out voice effects that really remind me a LOT of when Cheer and David Bowie released those hosue tekno albums `` DO YOU BELIIIEEEEVE IN LIFE AFTER LOVE !?!??! '' . I think I 'm going off on a tanget with no real direction at this point so I 'll cut it short . I 'm not coming off as witty as I 'd hoped to for this silly review , but I think you 'll see what I mean when you hear it.I 'll hold out for the new Download and Tear Garden albums in the mean time . Until till then , this will be sitting in there collectin dust with those old Hilt albums ... the ONLY other bad piece of crap that EVER came from Key , well with the exception of Images in Vouge . ; -RRB- Get your copy now at your local HOT TOPIC today !!!! Or not !
 When this musical hit Broadway in 1988 New York Times theater critic Frank Rich deemed Into the Woods the thematic culmination of Stephen Sondheim 's career . Just why this didactic , whiny and uninspired composer has received such unmitigated critical approval is one of the great mysteries of the modern aesthetic world.Unfashionable as it is to assert this , Mr. Sondheim is a skillfull lyricist and composer by Broadway standards but his musicals can not seriously be compared in their moral significance and dramatic power to the Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals of the late 1980s and early 1990s . Like Mr. Sondheim , around the mid-1980s Lloyd Webber experienced an existential and metaphysical darkening , a dramatic shift in sensibility . Sondheim 's began with Sunday in the Park with George , Lloyd Webber 's with Requiem . Lloyd Webber 's `` Music of the Night '' forged a melodic fusion of eroticism and piety that , bolstered only by the strength of an ivory mask , concealed the face no one could ever love . Of all the musicals of the 80s and 90s none has been loved more than Lloyd Webber 's The Phantom of the Opera . Bolstered by strongly atmospheric music -LRB- every bit as sophisticated and Sondheim 's that binds the audience irrevocably to the musical 's hero and a textured and graceful dramatic argument -- a lesson in the decimating consequences of defaulted familial responsibilities and social ostracism -- Phantom will undoubtedly remain in the hearts of millions of people for hundreds of years to come.Like Sondheim 's 1962 A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum , Into the Woods is replete with characters darting in and out of the action , weaving their way through the drama 's melodies , in search of tangential and morally inconsequential goals . One of the story 's many subplots finds two Princes in search of loveless gratification . Their song `` Agony , '' reprised in the second act , is always a show-stopper . The development of these two characters is an interesting case study in Mr. Sondheim 's aesthetic . The uninhibited sexual desires of Cinderella 's Prince lead him to practically murder the Baker 's Wife . This is not his fault , of course , Mr. Sondheim argues , he 's a prisoner of the morally questionable fairy-tale universe that created him . But why does he deliver this final , unrepentant line to his Cinderella after she accuses him of adultery
 I 'm not going to call myself a fan of Stephen Sondheim , as I 've certainly never been able to understand the appeal of any of his music . Yet I had heard from my friends that `` Into the Woods '' is one of his true masterpieces , so I picked rented the DVD and picked up the album.The problem with `` Into the Woods '' is that Sondheim 's music just does n't work in the context of the story . His characteristic preference to write complex melodies rather than memorable ones is particularly noticeable in the first act . POSSIBLE SPOILER-Whereas the first act of the show is a happy retread of several popular fairy tales , you would n't know it by listening to the first act 's pedestrian and overly dissonant score . The second half consists of a `` fractured fairy tale '' approach , and , despite the potential of said concept , `` ITW '' fails to deliver.-END SPOILER - Per usual , Sondheim seems to enjoy injecting psychological realism where it is totally inappropriate , and the dismal , depressing second act is where he offends worst.The redeeming aspect of the album is Bernadette , who , as usual , puts her great personality and fantastic comic timing to work as `` The Witch . '' If you 're looking for a better `` fairy tale '' musical , get Stephen Schwartz 's fantastic `` Wicked '' instead .
 Thank god that this is , in contrast to what is believed by other listeners , not the best composer of musical theatre America has to offer . I read some reviews and took the risk to buy this CD without ever listening to it before . That was most definetely wasted money ! Although I have to admit that I found the story VERY clever and intelligent , ` musical ' still means for me , that the music should be the most important element ! What Sondheim offers is not even music at all . Sounds like actors forced to sing who still prefer to speak . If you do n't like European composer like Boublil & Schoenberg then try Bill Finn 's excellent ' A new brain ' or Wildhorn 's ` Jekyll & Hyde ' , at least if MUSIC is still the reason why you buy a musical CD .
 Once again , Sondheim has churned out another pointless dud.You 'll lament in agony as you listen to this ear-splitting music that will give you a migraine after 2 minutes.We had to put up with tacky ragtime , an irritating barber , and other lackluster duds.Now we have a bunch of fairy tales carelessly slapped together.Alright-we get the joke already , Sondheim!No more!The songs and music are horribly performed and dragged on and on and ond.It makes wonder what the point of this torturiously long CD was , or if there even IS a point -LRB- which none of Sondheim 's duds have -RRB- . It also makes you wonder why Sondheim wastes our time with his irritating musicals.My advice : If you want good soundtracks , go with Rodgers & Hammerstein or Andrew Lloyd Webber.Don ' t waste your time or money on Sondheim .
 Like a lot of Motley fans , I was excited when they got Vince back and was really looking forward to this album . Finally ! Real rock n ' roll again instead of all the post-grunge Nirvana wannabe bands . But , the Crue failed to bring fun heavy metal back to life . This album is awful ... and the good times 80s bads apparently are all sadly headed to a slow , painful extinction . The reunited Crue was the last chance to bring back the old days and they put out this terrible album . Too bad .
 Generation Swine is an interesting album to look back on . It was the Crue 's reunion album with singer Vince Neil thus reforming the original lineup and it was released in 1997 when being an artist from the 1980 's meant death in most cases and Alternative music was all the rage with younger bands who were rapping and experimenting with electronic sounds that were so popular in Industrial music . Obviously the finished product is not your average Motley album , Vince is back but clearly the songs were written for his now departed replacement John Corabi and he tried to squeeze and fit in as best as he could but the mold was already cast and Swine is not a triumphant return by any stretch of the imagination . Unless you grew up around this time and have fond memories of that music scene I think it 's safe to say Generation Swine is a disappointing Motley Crue record . It 's hard to imagine a fan of their heyday in the 1980 's rocking out to this or enjoying it that much at all really . It 's a very different Crue album , more than any other in fact . The self titled album with John Corabi on vocals was still a heavy album all throughout , but Swine is radical in that it introduces electronic elements , Nikki Sixx and Tommy Lee both sing songs on this one and the even re-record one of their classic songs with `` Shout At The Devil '97 -LRB- neither the electronic or Nikki and Tommy 's singingwould be brought back on the band 's next albums , or re-recording a previous song again or that matter -RRB- all of which make for a pretty unusual Crue record , yet also a very interesting one . `` Find Myself '' right from the get-go lets you know that this is very different Crue . It has that alternative sound mixed some NIN-like Industrial sound which is more or less a preview of the rest of the album . It 's not a terrible song but when you 're main lyrics are stuff like `` I got ta find myself some drugs , I 'm a bad mother ****** ... '' it brings it down a bit . I 'm not a fan of that voice that sings with Vince either . I 'll give credit where credit is due . `` Afraid '' has grown to be one of my favorite Crue songs , it 's alternative alright and it reflects the scene of when it was recorded , but it 's honest , heavy and it rocks . Nikki 's lyrics are just great and out of all the songs this is one that feels the most like Motley . `` Generation Swine '' the title-track is not a bad song , a good attempt it does n't compare to anything for say , Shout , but on its own it 's a good song and it 's fast paced and brutal . `` Glitter '' is the obligatory ballad and I 'm on the fence about this one . It seems like too obvious an attempt to write another `` Home Sweet Home '' or `` You 're All I Need '' . Some of the lyrics lack imagination and the pop noises are erringly reminiscent of the Backstreet Boys but it comes off as a sappy , yet honest attempt and Vince puts a lot of emotion into his singing . `` Beauty '' actually makes good use of the electronic sounds and it 's not a bad song , its probably one of the better tracks here in fact . `` Shout At The Devil ` 97 '' is an interesting take but was n't necessary and it does n't improve on or surpass the original , but it 's there and for what it is it 's not bad it 's actually faster and good but at the core it 's just unnecessary reworking of an old song . `` Brandon '' is received negatively by a lot of fans . It 's Tommy Lee 's piece for his son Brandon and although some of it is clich&eacute; and lame -LRB- I love you , I love her , she is your mother , Brandon , my son -RRB- it 's still very honest and even heartwarming in some way . I ca n't say that it fits on a Motley Crue record however , it just seems out of place . Then there are songs like `` Anybody Out There '' and `` Rocketship '' that are below or barely two minutes and are not long enough to either go someplace or let the listener get lost in the music or make up his mind about the song.Then there is bonus material on the remasters . The remix of `` Afraid '' is for all purposes worthless , it does n't do much except add a part of industrial sounds here and there and it seems to bring down the volume of the guitars a bit but the original is far better . `` Wrecked '' is a little too overtly sexual even for Motley -LRB- the chorus goes `` Sex me , wreck me , give me your head , sex me , wreck me , give me your bed '' -RRB- but it 's actually the song that sounds the most like Motley Crue which is ironic , but garage band version . `` Kiss the Sky '' was also one of the better songs that I felt could and probably should have been on the record and replace something that was n't as good . I ca n't say that I care much about the demo of `` Rocketship '' however.The times had changed in music and the brand of music Motley was known for was un-cool to like in the 1990 's and it would be a few more years before it became `` acceptable '' to be into it again . Away from the band Vince Neil released two solo albums but was reduced to being an opening act for other artists and had personal turmoil with the death of his daughter Skylar . The band had split with Vince and although the 1994 self-titled album was a great , solid album it was n't accepted in the mainstream because it was attached to the name Motley Crue -LRB- even though the music reflected the change of music scenery rather well while still being their own thing -RRB- and a lot of Crue fans could n't accept it because it was too big a change in sound and of Neil 's departure . Even though both parties had gone separate ways it was clear that it was n't working out so well for either . During the recording process for Generation Swine they reunited although no one was really happy . Neil replaced Corabi 's vocals on the album and it 's clear that those songs were fitted for him and that he helped shape them which makes a unique scenario as the material did n't fit Neil.I think this was clearly more of a Corabi album and it might have been better with him handling vocal duties . I think it 's safe to say this one is only owned by hardcore and die-hard Crue fans and I do n't think even they played it much . Honestly it 's not an album that I 'm fond of and it 's certainly not an album that I play a lot ; it was n't great in 1997 and time has n't been kind to it . This one is in the competition with New Tattoo -LRB- 2000 -RRB- for the title of worst Motley Crue album although NT was an honest attempt at going back to what they were known for just like Generation Swine was an attempt to keep up with the times and move forward . The problem is Generation Swine is a true mess of an album and does n't have a clear direction and I think even the band would agree . It does n't sound much like Motley which was n't such a problem on the excellent 1994 self-titled album but it is here . This album does very little for me and besides `` Afraid '' I ca n't find a lot to onlike unfortunately it seems this one is largely forgettable and mainly serves for hardcore fans who must own everything Motley Crue . 1 star . I tried .
 Save your money and purchase greatest hits which has `` Afraid '' on it . That is the only track that should catch your attention . This album was originally going to feature Jon Corabi , who sang on the '94 release of Motley Crue `` 4 star album '' . Generation Swine sounds hurried , it seems that when Corabi ubruptly left the Crue , Vince was hurried in to complete the album . The Greatest Hits album should also tell Crue fans how much the band thought of Generation , only two songs on Swine are on Greatist hits . In concert the band only plays `` Afraid '' . I have been a Motley fan since `` Too fast for Love '' and have seen the Crue 11 times . The top Motley albums in my opinion are as follows
 Except for LET US PREY and SHOUT AT THE DEVIL ` 97 , this album sounds nothing like Motley Crue . First , where is the pounding bass drum and the wicked guitar riffs ? They seem to be completely missing . Then , I do n't know what he was doing , but Vince Neil sounded nothing like he did on their earlier albums . It was almost as if they had yet another lead singer there . When I listen to a Crue album , I want to hear that high pitched scream of his.Not that this was a bad album . For another band , this is a very solid rock album . Nothing special , mind you . Just a good piece of work . There were n't really any songs on the album that caught my ear ... they all seemed pretty mediocre . For a Motley Crue album , it was a disappointment , but an improvement over their self titled release with John Corabi on vocals -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- . If you 're looking for an album that smacks of old Motley Crue , then this album will be a big disappointment . It was to me .
 Vince Neil returned for `` Generation Swine '' in an effort for the Crue to start making some money again . However , the result was a horrible album that showed the band going through the motions in a lame attempt to modernize their sound.Although mostly uncredited , John Corabi apparently co-wrote many of these songs before he was dismissed from the band . I can only imagine the songs might suit his style more than they did Vince Neil . Die-hard fans might find it interesting to hear Tommy Lee and Nikki Sixx singing lead on some tracks , but almost all of the songs are at best lousy.On a somewhat related note , in the summer of 2006 , John Corabi was playing with `` Adler 's Appetite '' and was touring briefly with Vince Neil -LRB- solo -RRB- . One night , Corabi actually saved Vince 's show by stepping in to sing Crue songs with his backing band when Vince was too drunk to perform .
 I 'm sure Sixx is thinking the same thing.Vince belongs no where on this album.considering Corabi wrote most of the matrial.This sound does not suit Vince , he should stick to lipstick & make-up and shake his ass elsewhere.Leave this kind of music to real musicians .
 the crue are bak and by the looks of the cover tryin ' to make themselves cool again and following the trends of the times like most washed up eighties hair metal bands try -LSB- well most have n't got the poodles to wash anymore -RSB- this album generation swines starts off with `` find myself '' a explictsong that has a decent riff -LSB- john corabi 's voice would suit it better -RSB- afraid is the lassic track that kicks this half shot album into per-portion . . `` flush '' medium to good half way to bad . . `` generation swines '' the title track has a certain charm but just does n't go anywhere `` confessions '' some great lyrics and vocal performancethe highlight for me `` beauty '' the distorted song that you would n't think that motley crue had it in them to pull an album of this quality in their hatthe rest of the five songs suck eggs so no need to descibe how i feel about them `` shout at the devil 97 '' is abit of an odd ball . . why need to re-recorded a song . . a bit of a alright `` brandon '' the `` sentimental '' love letter for brandon lee and pamela anderson ... that at first listen i thought awww it 's cute he wrote a sweet song then after the second listen i though ewww what a cheeseball of a songwhat a dreadful way to end a decent album with the crue trying to keep with the trends and failing misery atleast their next album `` new tattoo '' was an un-define success and bought the crue rocking to a great tune -LSB- without tommy lee until the re-union tour were the circus is back on the road -RSB-
 The first thing that will come to your mind after a listen of The Crue 's 1997 Generation Swine will probably be
 The album before that had Corabi was the bomb . I wish I had heard Jon on Swine but he was let go and Vince -LRB- who is THE lead singer of the Crue -RRB- was brought back in . In a nutshell , Swine has one decent track imo and that is Afraid .
 Let me just get this off of my chest at the begining . I really hate Motley Crue ! The 80 's rock band is horrible . anyone who has had as many near death experiences as those goofs and not died , there is something seroiusly wrong with the world in which we live . I will admit it however that I do own one of thier c.d. 's and when I was eight it was o.k. . But some people really need to grow out of it . Take my friend for instance , let 's call him `` Junior '' Junior likes this band and more power to him . However the other day I was in his room and he was playing Generation Swine . This c.d. is horrible ! Motley Crue has gone through a pussification period . My other friend let 's call him `` Ray '' interjected that it sounded quite a bit like Smashing Pumpkins . I had no choice but to agree . It really sounds like Vince Neil took singing lessons from Billy Coorgan . And what 's this I hear about them being clean , and off drugs ? Do us all a favor and please get back on them ! Maybe it will speed up your untimely death . No offense to anyone who likes this band , if you like `` The Crue '' more power to you . I just believe that the further pussification and degredation of this band needs to stop .
 `` Generation Swine '' is positively * the * worst album Motley Crue has ever made . Motley Crue should be ashamed of this utter embarassment . I have trouble believing anybody would rate this piece of music ... higher than two stars , and that 's if they 're having a great day . Perhaps those that rate it higher have gone -LRB- tone -RRB- deaf from listening to the earlier Crue too loud . If this is the case , I envy them , as it must be nice not having to listen to this sewage . Anybody who has even a little hearing left should expect to be paid to * take * `` Generation Swine . `` There are exactly two songs on this album that are worth listening to -- `` Afraid '' and `` Shout At The Devil ' 97 . '' These are mediocre , but compared to the rest of this spew , they sound stellar . And both of these songs can be had on the `` Greatest Hits '' album . This , the fact that one of the songs on `` Generation Swine '' is entitled `` Flush , '' and the fact that they 're wearing pig masks on the cover so as not to show their faces are perhaps indicators that Motley Crue is indeed ashamed of this album.When I first bought `` Generation Swine , '' I was excited because I was about to hear some new Crue with Vince Neil back in the band after the disasterous self-titled release without him . This excitement lasted about halfway through the first song , thereafter turning to bitter disappointment . It sounds like it was thrown together in a single drunken night at the recording studio , at best . Vince sounds like he 's trying -LRB- and miserably failing -RRB- to do an impersonation of Kurt Cobain . Get a clue , Vince . I know Nirvana made the old-style Crue unhip for a few years back in the early ' 90 's , but you 're no Kurt Cobain . That 's why your fans love you.One warning
 I think this album would be better if they did it with john corabi then it would sound better
 I love the Crue their my fav . But this one is by far the worst they ever done . I like A Rat like me it is the only one that sound anywhere near the normal Cr&uuml;e songs .
 What were they thinking when they generated this CD , which are now all in the used bin or currently being used as drink coasters or frisbees ?!
 This cd had only one goodsong . They tried to be techno . It did not work . I think this cd is terrible .
 File under ` disappointment ' . The Crue were never supposed to sound like trailerpark Nirvana with a little bit of Marilyn Manson thrown in just in the right measure to take away the bite and replace it with sorry attempts at politically correct rock.So , where 's Dr.Feelgood ?
 Everybody keeps saying that the reason this record sold poorly was because it came out in the 90s and could n't compete with all the grunge and alternative rock that was popular at the time . Well I 've got news for all you Motley Crue fans
 I love Motley Crue 's work , I love it ! I was so excited to buy this album , it looked awsome ! I begin listening to the tittle track and looking at it 's lyrics . Your the Generation Swine ! `` It 's all your fault I can have anything I want ! I wan na blow my brains out '' What the heck ? o.k. I have never listened to the album completley ! On Shout '96 the intro sounds like a fax machine , Generation Swine sounds like Kurt Cobains sucide note -LRB- not to offend anyone -RRB- , the album was suposed to be like Nine Inch Nales . Sorry Nikki bought if I wanted to listen to NIN I would of bought there album , not a Crue album .
 That `` Shout at the Devil '' rendition blew me away !!! Where is that Motley Crue that once was?There are die hard fans out here that hope that the CRUE will get `` On With the Show . ''
 The raw edge is gone , the power is gone , and most importantly , it looks like the `` CRUE '' is officially gone . Stick with the first five classic studio albums . We can always remember the rockin times , ca n't we ??
 With every song I listened to , it just got worse . The absolute horror of the entire album was what they did to `` Shout at the Devil . '' They lost me as a fan with the album they did without Vince Neil , but I thought I 'd give 'em a go when Neil rejoined . They 're going to have to do a lot better than this for me to ever be a fan again .
 Motley Crue has been one of my favorite bands since I started listening to hard rock/heavy metal . All of their previous 6 albums were awesome ! They had a really hard edge and kicked ass ! This album , I hate to say , sucks . What 's with all of the love songs ? There is only one good song on the album , and it is actually from the Shout at the Devil disc . If you have never listened to the Crue , do n't buy this album . Buy Girls , Girls , Girls or wait for the hopefully heavier next one .
 When I first bought this album in 1997 I would have given it 0 stars . At a time when the market for happy fun rock & roll was sorely lacking , it could not have been more of a letdown to find out that the band that ushered in an era of filthy , raucous , and beautiful heavy metal turned into what may as well have been a NIN cover band - but with less originality!Now listening to this album , it does not strike me as being as bad as all that . In fact , there are some strong moments in here if you can trudge your way through the muck :1 -RRB- Find myself - Good anthemic grunge-tinged rocker .4 -RRB- Flush - By far the best song on this record - has a memorable riff and some structure.Now ... . the problems : Vince is not Vince . The guy 's voice is buried in the back of all of the pro-tools , synths , and sequencers used to record this album , and only on one or two songs does he let loose with anything resembling attitude . The explanation for this is that - allegedly - most of these songs were written for Corabi , while he was still in the group as a matter of fact , and Vince Neil could not fit his voice into the mold that was already cast.And speaking of synths - people can sound enlightened all they want by making ridiculous statements about how the group was trying to grow with this sound . Bollocks ! The Crue were trying to remain relevant and gain airplay with this sound - it had nothing to do with growth or originality . How could it ? It aspired to sound like everything released at the time . From Ministry to White Zombie to Sonic Youth to Smashing Pumpkins - the most reactionary sounds of the Industrial Grunge of the 90 's - it 's all here in grandiose quantities for anyone who wishes to celebrate their transcendent exploration of new sounds!Also , production is super-polished - there is so much going on in each song with all the swirling synths , sequencing and the like , it 's hard to close your eyes and envision the group playing any of these songs live at times . Add to that a ridiculous ode to Ministry and Atari Teenage Riot in `` Anybody Out There '' and an embarrassingly sappy ballad `` Brandon '' that is completely out of step with the rest of this dreadful album and you have an album which is to the Crue what `` The Elder '' was to Kiss - a train wreck punctuated with a few accidentally good moments.What is interesting is that by all accounts , Sixx , Mars , and Lee were basically strong-armed by the Electra brain trust to fire Corabi and rehire Vince Neil at the time this album was made , and that really comes through here . Would this have been a better record with Corabi ? I do n't know . But as it stands , there is no resemblance of chemistry , fun , or anything else that made this band worth paying attention to here - just recycled grunge and industrial riffs with an overwhelming amount of effects.There is no growth to be had here . Crap is crap and that 's what the majority of this album is . For diehard fans only .
 I , like some of the other reviewers here , had hoped that Motley Crue 's reunion with Vince Neil would signal the beginning of a renewed popularity of fun , heavy metal music . I am sadly dissapointed with Generation Swine . `` Brandon '' may be the worst song ever recorded , and the Shout at the Devil re-make makes me cringe . And , now they are going to re-release this album with `` bonus tracks . '' Oh boy ! I ca n't wait to hear stuff that was bad enough to be left off this when it was first release ...
 This album is terrible !!! and they said it was a mistake getting John Carobi ? too bad the self titled album Motley Crue with John on lead vocals blows away Generation Swine !!! songs like `` Welcome To The Numb '' `` Power To The Music '' `` Loveshine '' and `` Hooligans Holiday '' are great !!! do yourself a favor and go back and buy their self titled album , it 's really good !!!
 This is probably the album least venerated by even Crue diehards . At least the 1994 album with Corabi was talked about . This one just wandered by without troubling the scoreboard at all , if you take my meaning.But down to specifics ; This album has a number of interesting tunes on it . There are some touches on here that you wo n't find very prevalent in the rest of the Crue catalogue . This in a way was the Crue trying to come across all mature both emotionally and musically . While the bands rhythm section has it 's fans in terms of musicianship the idea of this band as musical magpies just does n't float . And their attempts at musical growth while interesting are only so due to the sheer difference from the bands normal output . But let 's not get ahead of ourselves here , this album is n't some sort of Crue does prog album . It 's just that the party metal of former years has here been tempered in a few places by slower passages sprinkled here and there . But nowhere memorably.In addition the band have really here only penned one great party metal number in their ` classic ' vein in the form of the title track which sees Vince Neils nasal twang in full frontal evidence over the top of a well produced musical attack . But apart from that one flagship number there is precious little here for even devoted Crue fans - of which I was one at one stage . They even have the bravery/temerity to remake Shout At The Devil . A move sure to have their long time devotees turning in their figurative graves.Daring to censure the Crue on any release apart from the Corabi voiced album is a dangerous move prone to score one a lynching . But on this album it simply has to be done . Weak songs , a fractured sense of purpose and no really engaging stories to tell condemn this to being the worst album the Crue have ever released . My advice is to download Generation Swine from our mates at Amazon and save yourself the shipping bill for actually buying this .
 I 'm a HUGE Crue fan , have been since SATD . I wanted to LOVE this friggin ' record . It 's not bad , but it 's so AVERAGE , so run-of-the-mill , so boring . It used to be that each Crue record was something new -- a step forward . This is their first step backwards -LRB- ca n't blame 'em for trying to get their audience back -RRB- ... What happened to the cool lyrics Nikki used to write ? Dragstrip Superstar ? ... And what happened to Randy Castillo ? His playing on some of the Ozzy records is pretty good , but this ? No imagination . This CD sounds like they put no effort in at all . Sigh ...
 New Tatoo is a return to form for Motley Crue , but it lacks good songs . Sure the opener Hell on High Heels is good , and the cover of the Tubes song White Punks on Dope is good , but the remainder of the tracks are simply dull and uninspired . I like the fact that they returned to their original sound , but what good is it when you do n't have quality songs on the record.It is cool , however that Randy Castillo is the drummer now , I would recommend either Dr.Feelgood or Shout at the Devil .
 I just ca n't get into this CD . After the more experimental `` Motley Crue '' and `` Generation Swine '' , this one 's a bit of a disappointment . The lyrics are dull , and the band sounds like it 's had the life sucked out of it . Even Mick 's solos , normally a high point on any Crue CD , sound flat . I was excited when I saw that Randy Castillo was drumming , but , as talented as he was , even he could n't save this album . `` Punched In The Teeth By Love '' is the only song with any life to it ; it sounds like classic Motley . If this had been the follow-up to `` Dr. Feelgood '' or if it had come out instead , I might have liked it better .
 Okay I am a big Crue fan from the old days , and to betruthfull , I was really let down by this album . To the fan that saidnot since Shout at the Devil had Motley Crue released an as in your face album I have six words for you
 this is not motley crue without tommy lee . And ... has anybody noticed that Vince Neil can not sing to save his life ? It 's only been like that for 19 years !
 hOW CAN ANYONE LISTEN to this trash . `` PEOPLE '' Vince Neil is soooo awful a singer it 's hopeless for him.The best Motley Crue line = up died when all you silly fans wanted that idiot back in the band.Too bad for you.Pick up some Union with Corabi & bruce kulick and see just how bad Motley Crue with vince really is
 NEW TATTOO -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Motley Crue 's eigth -LRB- studio -RRB- album.By the year 2000 , Motley Crue had seen and done it all . They had accidently killed their best friends in car accidents , they had beatun up their wifes and gotten arrested and charged with spousal abuse -- you name it , and there is a good chance that either Vince Neil , Nikki Sixx , Tommy Lee , and/or Mick Mars had done it . And a year before the twenty-first century arrived , The Crue released a new studio album in the summer of 2000 . How did the album meausure up ? Read on for my review of this : This album , along with THEATRE OF PAIN , MC ' 94 , and GENERATION SWINE , is a `` love it or hate it '' album . I 'd also say that it is easily the worst album Motley Crue has EVER released . And while Nikki Sixx usually contributes most of the work to Motley Crue albums , the Crue member who probably did most of the work here is drummer Randy Castillo -LRB- RIP -RRB- who had been hired as Motley Crue 's replacement drummer after Tommy Lee had quit the band to do his Methods of Mayhem project . Castillo was a good drummer -LRB- he died from complications of cancer in 2002 -RRB- and when a replacement member of a band deserves the most credit for the first album the band that hired him for and had recorded with him , you know that 's not a good sign.The only good tracks on here -LRB- whether or not I like the title track depends on the mood I am in while listening to it -RRB- are the opener HELL ON HIGH HEELS , FAKE , and their cover of The Tubes ' WHITE PUNKS ON DOPE -LRB- it is one of their best cover songs -RRB- -- everything else here is just really bad . And while the lyrics are quite stupid also , how many agree with me that the dialogue on TREAT ME LIKE THE DOG I AM and PORNO STAR is annoying ? Apart from the good songs on this CD , the songs here just sound unispired and are all quite stupid-I would n't say that Motley Crue was exactly returning to their original sound on this album . Them returning to their original sound shows at times during this record , but with this CD , after listening to it , it may seem a little apparent that Vince Neil , Nikki Sixx , and Mick Mars wanted half of this album to sound like their original material -LRB- DR. FEELGOOD , GIRLS , GIRLS , GIRLS , etc. -RRB- while they wanted half of it to sound like the kind of rock music that was popular back in 2000-they did n't want us to think that , but guess what -- we caught what they were hoping we would n't be able to tell after their fans had listened to this record.Overall , a dreadful CD that could have been and should have been totally better -- Vince Neil , Nikki Sixx , and Mick Mars should have put more effort into this CD then they really did . And here is the bottom line : get their new two disc greatest hits set RED , WHITE , AND CRUE -- that way , you will get HELL ON HIGH HEELS and the single version of the title track off of this album , and then download the other two good tracks on this album -LRB- the tracks that I mentioned at the top of this review , and the bonus tracks here -- if you want them -RRB- and then skip the rest . Now that Tommy Lee is back with the band , hopefully Vince Neil , Nikki Sixx , and Mick Mars will make a new , decent studio album that WILL sound more like DR. FEELGOOD , GIRLS , GIRLS , GIRLS , etc. -LRB- I always found MC '94 to be underappreciated -- I liked GENERATION SWINE , but I can see why some -LRB- or most -RRB- Crue fans do n't care for it -RRB- . Enough said -- although I am looking forward for seeing The Crue in concert one month from now -RRB- .
 Back in the '80s when the heavy metal well was running dry it just seemed like the Crue was just your average glam band . They started out so strong with thier first two albums but then just seemed to fall into the category of ordinary . They finally broke out of that , but at the expense of breaking up the band -LRB- it just ai n't the Crue without all four members -RRB- . Then the Crue was back , and I just so happened to come across Generation Swine in the used CD bin . So I figured `` what the heck '' and bought it . To my dismay , it was actually original , innovative , and by far the Crue 's best . You could tell that they put a lot of effort into the album . Now , much like their fellow metal brethren , Dokken , the Crue has slithered back into mediocrity , content to sell the masses the same old schlok that they produced in the '80s . How very disappointing .
 i cant believe this is a motley lp , all the songs are really really bad !!!!
 this record should have included a letter from nikki . and it would go something like this ... DEAR CRUEHEADS , Well , we tried to grow . We were really proud of MC '94 and -LRB- most of -RRB- Generation Swine . But no one 's listening . So if all you want is mindless sleaze like the old daze -LRB- Theatre , Girls -RRB- , you got it!Tommy 's gone , Vince is back -LRB- sort of -RRB- . There are a couple good tracks on here , and a really bad cover to boot . Enjoy ! - N. Sixx
 They started out like the old Crue , but totally lost it after `` Hell on High Heels '' . They just did n't have the same old Crue energy like `` Dr. Feelgood '' or any albums before . It 's time to move on fellas .
 There is nothing great about this cd . It appears to me that the Crue have been living off their past laurels of Dr. Feelgood and other earlier works . At best I enjoyed 3 songs . I wish I 'd purchased it at a store that allows returns or exchanges . I have a 200 cd changer and will put it in there occasionally in full random mode so the songs will only pop up only once in a while . To listen to it beginning to end is not a very appealing idea . Quite a few bands I grew up with have been very disappointing the last few years . The new Dokken is very good though .
 Motley Crue have always been way ahead of the heavy metal pack in terms of knowing what the fans need and want to hear . I would love to be able to tell you that this is the cd to finally resurrect the metal beast - but I just ca n't . The kick-you-in-the-teeth power of old Crue is simply not here . New Tattoo , in general , leaves you unmoved and left feeling almost cheated . With that being said though , there are HINTS of the old Motley . The cd starts out with the great made for radio hit `` Hell on high heels '' - a gem of a party tune . `` Punched in the teeth by love '' could fit nicely anywhere on Dr. Feelgood , but from there , the high points are just too few and far between . The songs are too formulaic and cliche , bordering on being downright cheesy . The real let down comes in the form of two sappy ballads . In a time when we needed Motley Crue to beat us up with bone crunching riffs and attitude , they instead , leave us feeling as if we 've just seen a bad B-grade movie . A bitter pill to swallow indeed .
 I have been a long time fan of Motley Crue , but I hate to sayit , I believe this band has lost their edge . New Tattoo seems to lackthe energy and magic that could be heard on their previous releases such as Dr. Feelgood , Girls Girls Girls , or Theater of Pain . Although its a little better than Generation Swine , it isnt by much . Randy Castillo is the new drummer taking place of Tommy Lee , and his drumming does not help the Crue 's sound , it actually takes away from it . Tommy Lee had a unique drum sound , which gave much of the Crue 's songs their energy . Castillo sounds like nothing more than a rhythym drummer , just filling in the tracks at best . The whole New Tattoo CD sounds under produced as compared to most of the band 's catalog on Electra which are done very well . The songs just do not jump out at you the way they used to . When Dr. Feelgood came out , it only took one listen and you were hooked . New Tattoo sounds like it needs life support . Bottomline , on this effort the Crue sounds like a watered down Jackyl or AC/DC at best . I really had high hopes for this release after the disappointing Generation Swine , but this CD makes me want to hang my head in shame . What happened to the band I used to love ? This does n't sound anything like them at all . Vince Neil 's solo releases had more energy and sounded more like the Crue then this CD does . I hate to rip on this CD , as I love this band , but it just does n't live up to the Motley Crue name . Tread lightly Crue fans , you will be disappointed .
 As a big fan of eighties rock/metal , I am still waiting on a big release to bring that style back . I 've heard great things about New Tattoo , so I bought it over the weekend & had an open mind when listening to it a few times.Other than the great opener Hell on High Heels , the rest of the music went downhill from there . Their music is just not as good as it once was , when they were in their prime . This is a good effort , but overall I was disappointed . In fact , I returned the cd back to the place I bought it.I also think alot of those positive reviews , -LRB- saying this is such a great cd -RRB- were written by Motley Crue die-hards who would say great things about their cd 's , no matter how lousy it was . -LRB- I personally know a few people like this . -RRB-
 I bought the new Crue album last week and have to say that I am disappointed . I kept hearing how this would be their best effort since Dr. Feelgood . The problem , to me , is that there is nothing on this album that compares to the better songs on Dr. Feelgood . I do n't know if it 's because I 've grown out of Motley Crue -LRB- I still love many of their previous songs -RRB- or because this album just is n't very good . In my opinion , the songs are even more juvenile than before and with a couple of exceptions are n't catchy . The music itself is catchy in some cases but the lyrics -LRB- not the vocals , this is n't a jab at Vince Neil -RRB- that accompany it are bad for the most part . I think many of their fans will like this just because they were so excited for new material to be released that it does n't matter how good it really is . I 'll give it a few more listens prior to tossing it aside in hopes that my opinion will change . Some bands just fade away -LRB- I hope this is n't one of them -RRB- .
 First and foremost ... I am a life-long , devoted , and dedicated Cruehead , HOWEVER , I must say that I am HIGHLY disappointed in this album . I was eagerly awaiting it 's release for a year , visiting the Motley.com website daily for updates and the like . Then it happened ... it was released , and it fell upon deaf ears.This album has nothing significant to offer ... it reminds me of what all the other Crue albums would sound like if they did n't include their respective 2 or 3 hits each . The album spent a day or two in my changer and was then removed ... I ca n't even stomach it ! Yes , it 's that bad.If you are looking for REAL Motley Crue , avoid this album at all costs . Better investments in Motley are -LRB- in order of worthiness -RRB-
 First of all , I like Motley Crue . At times , I love them.and as little as 4 years ago , I was hailing them for `` Bitter Pill '' and `` Enslaved . '' Those songs are incredible!Alas , this is the first Crue album that does n't do it for me . Is n't that strange ! Well , yes and no . Maybe I have a little more tolerance/patience/acceptance than many people , as I do n't seem to start calling albums `` bombs '' or whatever until 2 or 3 albums after everyone else . Only with the most recent ventures of the likes of Def Leppard or Aerosmith , let 's say , do I begin to be a little worried.And it 's only because I love the bands so much . I wo n't give New Tattoo 1 star , because that means poor , and this album is n't poor . Nikki and the others probably just really wanted to get back to rocking -LRB- funny how all bands get that idea after making an album that unnecesariily thinks it needs to be up with the times -RRB- , and I really respect that.Only problem is , I do n't feel it this time . Dr. Feelgood was magic , but here ... I feel that Nikki , Vince , and Mick were so eager just to make this TYPE of album , it was hastily written . In other words , the concept -LRB- and the production ! -RRB- was there for the taking , but ... it 's just one of those albums where the magic does n't make it to tape , and I feel that maybe Nikki or Mick themselves wrote some of those songs without having the wonderful lightbulb come on that says `` this song will be GREAT . '' Rather , some of the music sounds forced -LRB- `` Treat me like a Dog '' -RRB- , like they had to try a little TOO hard to sound sleazy and fun . So , these songs could have been great , but even in the most uptempo/rocking times -LRB- `` Fake '' , `` First Band on the Moon '' , `` Porno Star '' -RRB- , I just do n't feel the sincerity . `` Hair Band Haters '' never have felt that , and many others stopped feeling it after 1989 . Well , it took me this long to unfortunately start feeling similarly.Although not wonderful , there were good creative moments on both the album with Corabi and `` Swine . '' `` New Tattoo '' is the first album I have ever bought where it 's as if I was given a musical numbing medication ... I just do n't feel anything ANYWHERE , from start to finish . Is n't that strange?I wanted nothing more than for the Crue to evolve and rock on , Leeless or not , I try to be openminded ... and Castillo -LRB- RIP -RRB- was n't the problem , I loved him on No More Tears , I just sense that Nikki will never find it motivating to MUSICALLY evolve , which , to his pardon , very few rockers do . And he is n't all that skilled as a bassist , of course . Still , I was optimistic , waiting patiently ever since Dr. Feelgood , not for a remake of it , but for an evolution FROM it , and not just an evolution in production and modern technology , though that 's fine too . I love Nikki 's personality and attitude , and he is very intelligent and well articulated . I 'd also like to hear SOME songs reflect that ; it 's cool to party to songs about women , but I think the Crue is capable of a little more diversity , which would just make the album a little more interesting , overall.The one possible exception is `` Hollywood Ending , '' there 's parts in that that I think Vince put emotion into , and the songwriting intrigues me . Some may find cheese , but do n't think I do . The title track also is a cool song . But that 's it . The real rockers , although well meant , just do n't rock like rock should!Anyone wondering how to start getting into Motley , do n't get this album first , but do get it at some point , so you get some sense of chronology Although I scorn Greatest Hits packages for the ridiculous commercial motives , I will say that Decade of Decadence AND their Greatest Hits have EXELLENT new -LRB- at the time -RRB- songs . If this album does n't get you off , do n't think that you wo n't like the band . There 's just much better stuff out there.This album just is n't fresh and rocking to me , but I 'm happy for those of you that it is , cause I 'm missing out !
 Motley Crue faced a difficult period in the 1990 's and to certain extends the early 2000 's . As a famous 80 's act it was though for them to even manage to survive the 90 's . Lead singer Vince Neil was out of the band in 1992 and the Crue had to adapt to the changing times and music scene and face a future without Neil . The 1994 self-titled album with replacement singer John Corabi was an excellent album but it did n't sound anything like Motley Crue and a lot of fans could n't accept someone other than Neil fronting the band , and some people who liked it could n't accept it because it has the words Motley Crue written on it . 1997 's Generation Swine was the band 's reunion album with Vince Neil back on board although it was clearly written with Corabi 's voice and style in mind and Vince had to fit his voice into a mold that had already been made . Tommy Lee left the band after the Greatest Hits tour in 1999 an a year later we have New Tattoo , an album that aims to capture the band 's sound of old whereas their previous two albums were products of their times . New Tattoo was written with Neil 's voice in mind which should have been a step in the right direction and Randy Castillo replaces Tommy Lee on drums.There are n't many high points on New Tattoo , the opening track `` Hell On High Heels '' is one song that I still play and I think it fits well along other Motley classics and somewhat succeeded at recapturing their 1980 's heyday sound . The album starts out well with what is probably its best song but does n't go far . `` Treat Me Like The Dog I am '' is a tad too much on the repetitive and generic side . `` New Tattoo '' the title track is the second highlight for this fan , it 's a slower song almost ballad-like and is one of the more enjoyable tracks of the album . The band 's cover of `` White Punks on Dope '' is just a pain to listen to . Even the better songs like `` Fake '' and `` Porno '' stars are nothing special . The truth is New Tattoo sounds uninspired , unoriginal and tired and it 's easily one of the worst Crue albums , a contender for sure.It 's not that Randy Castillo does n't do a good job here but obviously Tommy Lee 's drumming had elements that were crucial to the core of the Crue 's sound . The drums here just sound dull and boring as if they 're just going through the motions instead of playing a big part of the music like they used to . Even Mick Mars , who usually provides great riffs , flamboyant solos , dirty near bluesy on steroids and distortion-stuff fails to shine here . The version of New Tattoo I own has a bonus live disc consisting of six songs with Samantha Maloney -LRB- Hole -RRB- on drums but even that ca n't redeem this album . Interestingly future Sixx A.M. -LRB- Nikki Sixx 's side project -RRB- collaborator James Michael gets co-writing credit on six of the songs.Supposedly New Tattoo was made with the intention of being the album that could have been a follow up to Dr. Feelgood , honestly it simply does n't work and falls far of achieving what it set out to do . The fact that Motley does n't even play any songs from this album live is telling . I do n't want to sound like the bad guy here but the last time I checked it 's ok to have an opinion and this is mine , New Tattoo is a BAD album . I think the follow up ; Saints of Los Angeles -LRB- 2008 -RRB- fared much better and was much more honest and Motley-like album . 1 star for `` Hell In High Heels '' and the title track . Quite forgettable . Hardcore fans only .
 If you want to listen to a real crooner , buy Harry Connick Jr. . There is nothing special at all about this CD - save your money .
 as a proud israeli i am ashamed of this c.d.it is so bad in a way that you have no idea.save your money and do not buy this c.d
 I purchased this item as a result of an email from Amazon featuring the product . The low price should have alerted me , but I overlooked it . I was impressed with being able to get a 2 CD set for such a low price , and the singers are some of my favorites , as are most of the songs , so I ordered it . When I received the CD , the first thing I noticed is that it was recorded in Holland ! Many of the arrangements are cheesy and dated . -LRB- They sound like something from the Lawrence Welk Show , only he would have done them better . -RRB- Five of the 16 songs on the first CD are recorded by the United Studio Orchestra and Choral Singers of Holland . One of them has a portion of the lyrics in Dutch . The second CD is guitar music . I made myself listen to both CD 's all the way through so I could give a fair review . It was not an enjoyable experience and this CD is going in the Garage Sale box .
 At first this looks like a fly collection of tunes from Clinton 's solo career , which it would be if it were n't CENSORED . When the record labels do n't release multiple versions , `` clean '' , `` explicit '' , etc. , it seems reasonable to assume that you will be getting the artists original work , unadultered . Not so in this case , there is the one edition only , and it is censored . Not only that , but unlike a lot of the newer censored discs , its not just a word that 's omitted while the music continues
 THE SONGS ON THE WEB SITE WERE COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM THE SONGS ON THE CD I RECEIVED . THE CD COVER WAS THE SAME AS WEB SITE .
 after reading a review in a UK DJ magazine I ordered this
 I will at least show my true colors and admit I think they have gone downhill since the addition of Angela at vocals . I think musically they have lost their spark and I think her vocals are overrated by a plethora of googly-eyed male teens . The fact of the matter is there really is not a lot of substance to this album . `` Machtkampf '' and `` Nemesis '' are among the few songs that have grabbed my attention . `` Hybrids of Steel '' is actually a pretty engaging instrumental that really does n't sound like anything else on here . This was not enough for me though , and I think it important for potential Arch Enemy fans to know that this album does not touch the greatness of `` Burning Bridges '' .
 The First three songs rip and then it is on to the crapiest Arch Enemy has been since their last singer . If you likes the first two album that were any good then you will hate this one . Arch Enemy is melodic fast paced metal and Wages of Sin and Anthems of Rebellion were amazing and Doomsday Machine sucks . I am disappointed and am waiting for the next cd hopefully they will bounce back . The closest I could compare the crappiness of this cd would be when Metallica came out with St. Anger . The old Metallica fans hated it and now Metallica has a bunch of new fans that like the new sound which I think they sould have broken up instead of coming out with St. Anger . I will say one good thing about the cd and that is Nemesis is like the Arch Enemy of old and completly kicks ass . I suggest that anyone that wanted to metal it up should go pick up the new Trivium , As I Lay Dying or some Children of Bodom . Screw this cd .
 The band continues to kick butt severly but ANgela needs to get booted , bring back johan . THe swedish broad is lame as hell . Good music , bad singer . Ditch the wench , she ruins a great band .
 Good band , really bad vocals . It 's almost as if they are playing a joke . Too bad , could have been a good album .
 this bands earlier releases were great . this one is extremely boring . i was very disspointed with this album . too bad . : -LRB-
 this is so sick to listen to . i really could n't believe that was a woman singing when i first heard it . i thought it was a man at first but then looked it up on internet . omg ! how could someone wan na listen to that demonic voice . sounds so awful and disturbing . why would u subject yourself to listeing to a woman singing like this ??? wouldnt u rather listen to a beautiful female voice , say like Amy Lee of Evanescence . of course u know them by now . they are rock with her soaring beautiful angelic vocals over hard hitting guitar . i kno everyone knows that song `` bring me to life . '' im just so puzzled at how ppl could listen to this kind of vocals . it baffles me ...
 One criticism I frequently hear is that the ejection of Johan Liiva for Angela Gossow was a terrible move . Myself , I think that Angela 's vocals are far superior to Liiva 's and they give the band a much more aggressive and extreme sound . I have to say though , that while it was a good idea , doing so changed the band for the worse . `` Wages of Sin '' was a good CD . `` Anthems of Rebellion '' was a disappointment as we saw Arch Enemy sacrifice a lot of the technicality that made Arch Enemy the legends they were . And that brings us to `` Doomsday Machine . '' `` Doomsday Machine '' has basically left the technical side of their musicianship behind for a much more -- dare I say -- radio-friendly sound . After track 3 all the songs are slow , slow like Arch Enemy used to use as a sort of low note on their CD 's to bring it down for a bit . Now , instead of being something used to add flavor their CD 's , Arch Enemy uses a bunch of them as the entire CD . After about track 4 , the CD becomes utterly boring and monotonous.As far as the musicianship goes , the guitar solos are slow and boring -- nothing like they used to play back in the day . There is a dramatic decrease in the number of riffs , so basically all you hear from the guitars is a few chords before the solos that are n't much better the mere riffs they used to play . I can see their next CD being the Arch Enemy version of `` Stabbing the Drama . `` As far as the drumming goes , I 've never really understood why Daniel Erlandsson has such a following . He 's got some great speed , and he 's very powerful , but he 's not as creative as I would like . He also never seems to develop his style . When I compare him to his brother , there 's no competition . If you listen to Cradle of Filth 's new stuff , Adrian 's playing is far advanced over his stuff from At the Gates , or even from his first album with Cradle . Daniel on the other hand , still sounds basically the same as he did years ago.But at least he stayed constant , instead of moving backward like the Ammott brothers or Angela Gossow . In Angela 's defense , she did have to suffer throat surgery , and that ca n't have done good things for her , but that does n't excuse her from doing her vocals herself . On this CD she uses a disappointingly high amount of processing , to the point that she sounds weak and incapable as a vocalist.To sum up , this CD is unworthy of the Arch Enemy name . Simple as that . If you 're only going to buy one CD today , opt for something else .
 This album is not a complete loss , it just sucks compared to their prior releases.I thought Wages of Sin was an awesome album , I got the privaledge to see them live along with Bloodgasm , Lugosis Needle , Nile , Vader , Origin , and Hate Eternal . I like Angela , she 's a talented metal vocalist , so I do n't put all the blame on her , even though I think that the albums following Wages of Sin have been lame.I could only listen to this album twice , and the second time I listened to it , it was hard to imagine that Arch Enemy of all bands are making this transition . Now , it is a chore to sit through most of the songs on this CD.Arch Enemy kicks ass , but do n't get ` this ' album . Get ` Black Earth ' or ` Stigmatta ' for Arch Enemy at their finest .
 Melodic Death Metal is a genre known for expanding beyond the typical sound of standard Death Metal bands in order to incorporate new style and sounds not seen with traditional Death Metal bands . Whereas traditional Death Metal bands utilize slower tempos , and less complicated riffs , Melodic Death Metal bands tend to lean the other way and create songs that feature faster rhythms , and overall more melody than their Death Metal counterparts . However , there are a few bands who fall within the Melodic Death Metal scene , who for some reason , tend to not fully utilize the sounds and variety normally associated with Melodic Death Metal . Arch Enemy is one of these bands that seems to forget what exactly Melodic Death Metal should sound like , and instead ventures into their own territory of slow , repetitive music.The album starts off promising , with the fast track `` Taking Back My Soul '' , however , it 's all downhill from there . The remainder of the album utilizes boring , simplistic riffs , that are simply repeated throughout the entire length of the song , never changing up the tempo to add or accentuate anything exciting . The solos that present themselves from time to time are also very slow , repetitive , and boring . Tracks like `` Carry the Cross '' are extremely slow , and do n't really represent the Melodic Death Metal sound that fans would come to expect , especially after a great album like `` Wages of Sin '' . The most underwhelming part of the entire album falls on Angela Gossow 's vocals and her overall style she chooses to use on the album . There are many cases where the instrumental work is actually faster and heavier than it seems , however , Angela holds it down with her monotonous screaming style that is extremely slow , and repetitive . Every track sounds the same due to her monotone nature of screaming , which is always performed at an extremely slow pace , despite the speed of the accompaniment of the guitar work or drums . This makes tracks even like `` Nemesis '' sound a lot slower than they actually are . Her lack of experimentation with her vocal styles drags down the entire album.Overall , the album is simplistic , boring , repetitive , and generic . Arch Enemy seems like they were afraid to take steps to advance their progress they had established with `` Wages of Sin '' and even `` Anthems of Rebellion '' . Instead , the album was slowed down , drastically , all while using generic riffs and monotone vocals . While other bands such as Scar Symmetry , Mors Principium Est , Callenish Circle , Skyfire , Ensiferum , and Dark Tranquillity are expanding their sound to incorporate various styles and distinguish themselves from the countless other Melodic Death Metal bands , Arch Enemy decides to take a few steps backward and actually create one of the most generic Melodic Death Metal albums in years . Unless you 're a huge fan of Arch Enemy , it 's best to avoid `` Doomsday Machine '' altogether and look into any of the aforementioned bands instead .
 Very rarely do I feel the need to post a review , unless I feel strongly enough about it.This is one of those times.I have been into this band for quite some time now , and I have enjoyed collecting all their cd 's and ep 's . I would go so far as to say that they WERE one of my favorite bands.To give you an idea where I stand with Arch Enemy , my favorite cd 's by them are Stigmata and Burning Bridges , preferably the former.While Johan Liiva is my preferred vocalist , I can usually take Angela Gossow.Her debut album Wages of Sin was really good , but Anthems was merely ok -LRB- imho -RRB- . Now I have been looking forward to this cd just like everyone else , especially after the great Dead Eyes see no Future EP.Then Doomsday Machine arrives , and I 'm left in stunned disbelief.As of late I had read internet reviews from sites I never heard of that said this cd blows , but as a once diehard fan I did n't buy it and accepted the fact that the reviewers did n't even like them anyway and were to harsh.It sucks when people are like that to something one likes , you know ? . So needless to say I awaited with anticipation that DM would turn out great , especially since Michael himself said that old fans would be pleased with the guitar heroics more akin to their older releases.Well , unfortunately I am left depressed , let down , and and in sheer disbelief that I actually have the final product in my hands.I was under the impression that the songs on the album would be more akin to the likes of the track Nemesis -LRB- and a few off of their recent Ep -RRB- , which was a sample they released a few weeks prior to shipping.It will probably piss people off , but this album just does n't connect with me , and I 've really tried to like it.It hurts to think about it , but I would have to say it seems to be a lack of passion and originality in the songs.In fact a few tracks actually had me wondering if I had put in the wrong cd.Alot of the riffs are recycled -LRB- something I thought I would never say -RRB- from previous cd 's , and a few solo 's seem to be as well.To add to my disappointment is what seems to be a lack of enthusiasum in the musicianship.It just does n't feel like they cared very much , or even wanted to do this anyway.Also missing from past releases are the awesome melodic heaviness , mixed with the great leads and eventual solo 's that were played like there was no tommorow.It 's just not here.Couple that with the fact that I have grown to really miss Johan Liiva on the mic , and Angela comes off irritating.The vocals are n't exactly new either , pretty much Anthems leftovers.Which btw , it seems all the more painfully obvious Angela is becoming the frontperson for AE.The booklet layout seemed like it would be great judging from the cover art -LRB- which looks great dispite a rather large lack of orignality -RRB- , but it just is abunch of generic nuke signs slapped onto a post apocolyptic shell.So , in retrospect , which hurts to say this , I feel let down bigtime.I like two tracks , Nemesis and MachtKampf , but that 's it.Even then I do n't like them enough to go reaching for this all the time.Those who say that this is different from their prior works , so much so to avoid comparison is fooling themselves.We are measured in life by what we achieve , and Arch Enemy continously set the bar higher and higher.As a once longtime hardcore fan -LRB- I may just take down the posters -RRB- , I ca n't help but see how little they strive to really be something legendary , and raise the bar even higher.They only seem to be riding the wave of popularity , and rely on Angela to wow the fans , as opposed to actually writing incredible music.Wow , that did n't feel so good , particularly because I thought I 'd never say something like that.For recommendations I would say for those looking to find this bands inspired work , look to Stigmata and Burning Bridges.A recent release which kinda wowed me because I 'm not that big of a fan would be Nevermore.This Godless Endeavor is simply astounding , and they really pushed themselves with that release , something Arch Enemy should look into.One thing is for sure , I will hesitate before going into any more of this bands releases.Older AE fans , be warned .
 Enjoyed the first song `` Drivers Seat '' very much that is the reason for purchasing this cd . It took a little while but listening to this cd over and over a few times it became much more enjoyable .
 After a great deal of research , I decided to purchase a DI-714 for my home network . Unfortunately , when it arrived , it did not live up to the promises made in its behalf.I run Linux on most of my computers , and therefore , wanted a wireless broadband router compatible with Linux . For whatever reason , the DI-714 would only allow me to access its administratiive functions via a Windows computer . I need to clone the MAC address of my network card to the router in order to connect to my cable modem . Here again , the DI-714 failed to `` remember '' the new MAC address . I eventually found out that my unit would n't even allow me to change the admin password.The last straw broke when I found out that , rather than the advertised wireless range of 300 feet , I could only get about 3 feet of wireless range of any kind . Even after upgrading to the latest firmware version -LRB- that actually worked , I was surprised . -RRB- these problems remained . I eventually returned my DI-714 and bought a newer D-Link DI-614 + . The DI-614 + does everything that the 714 could n't , or would n't , except allowing a backup modem connection -LRB- the 614 + lacks that feature . -RRB- In all other respects , the DI-614 + is superior to the 714 . Its wireless connection is capable of 22 Mbps , its firewall is much more advanced than the 714 's firewall , and it allows filtering of individual websites or keywords for `` parental control . '' If your looking for a wireless broadband router , get the 614 + and steer clear of the DI-714 , you 'll be pleased that you did !
 Overall installation was very easy , up in 15 minutes.I found the wireless component of this product very good . Decent range -LRB- whole house -RRB- , easy to setup . I hear you should use encryption to hide the backdoor of this product , and any `` piggybacking '' from the outside.The initial install was very good . Using DHCP from ISP , all went together well . All my computers found the router without problems , and received an IP address.This product goes straight down the tubes with its advanced features , which is what sold me . I can not get its `` virtual server '' settings to route HTTP , FTP , Telnet traffic to internal servers . The `` ALL -LRB- DMZ -RRB- '' setting was the only way to get one server visible on the outside , which defeats the purpose of the firewall . I was only able to get one of three computers in the DMZ . Also , with DMZ enabled , I was not able to VPN -LRB- using IPSec -RRB- to my company 's private net thru the router . However , with DMZ disabled , VPN works fine.I am using the most updated firmware , which shipped with the product . Hoping there is a upgrade soon to fix this hunk of junk , and allow it to do what I want it to . I had a friend who bought this , and returned it in two days for the DI-713P , which he reports works much better.Support is free , and not very helpful . Reboot the router , upgrade the firmware or send it back seem to be their favorite replys . Do n't try to call the support phone number , because you will never hear back . By the time I got around to trying the advanced features , my trial period was over , lost my receipt and original packaging . Definitely re-thinking this purchase ...
 This is the worst product I 've encountered for the computer . Not only was it a difficult installation , but the tech support disagreed with each other on various calls , although they were nice . It took 8 calls before they informed me that this product does not work with Toshiba Satellite laptops . Yes , it does not work with my laptop and they do n't know why nor do they state so in the manual -LRB- let alone on the box -RRB- . I took it back and bought a Siemens Speedstream and had it up and running in 30 minutes .
 This Router -LRB- like most of their products -RRB- is the product ofa company founded on widespread mediocrity.As a Network security Engineer , and even more importantly , the guy that many people try to keep up with technologicallyI have to say that D-Link has successfully embedded themselvesin the technology market . They are the company to buy from ifyou do n't mind paying an average price for below averagequality.If you want a real broadband router try Linksys they costabout the same but are better overall . I think D-Link needsto narrow their product range and put more effort intotheir product quality as they seem to be spread too thin .
 Before you think of purchasing this CD realize one thing . This is not Praying Mantis the British hard rock outfit but a German Techno outfit with the same name . It should have been mentioned because people like myself who like Praying Mantis are going to buy this unaware they are going to get a load of techno ... I do not like techno so I can not give this any stars . What annoys me is that Amazon would not file this CD as Praying Mantis - German Techno ... not the great hard rock band of the same name.Do not be fooled like me .
 I was truly mesmerized by Fantasia when she was on American Idol . She was herself , happy , bubbly and energetic . This young lady has a wonderful voice . I bought her debut Cd to support the cause -LRB- America 's 2nd . African American Idol -RRB- , and I ended up liking it , and keeping it in rotation . This Cd on the other hand is just plain AWFUL !!!!!! No where on this Cd does it give her voice just do or show her natural talent . Too Hip-Hop Trying-to-Be , Bubble Gummish , here today gone tomorrow , a few hit wonders . It is sad too , really SAD , but the same basically applies for Rueben because I did not care for his Cd 's either , yet loved him on American Idol . These two individuals are trying tooooooo hard to please the teenagers and young adults and they are wasting their given talent -LRB- wonderful voices -RRB- trying to get rich quick ! All the songs on the radio have catchy hooks , no Real music -LRB- music with words and meaning , fuel for the Soul -RRB- . WHERE HAVE ALL THE GOOD ARTIST 'S GONE ???????? There are a few up and coming -LRB- Robin Thicke , Raheem DeVaughn , Liv Warfield , Havana , -RRB- and then the Keep It Real -LRB- India Arie , Remy Shand , Floetry , Musiq , Jill Scott -RRB- . Need I Say More ? I hope that soon and real soon down the road that they be true to `` SELF '' and sing as well as put out well selected and meaningful songs/Cd 's that will attract more than the under 25 crowd ... otherwise the others from American Idol will continue to out sell them and have their songs played on mainstream radio . They are both still young , so hopefully something positive will happen before they fade away . Tamia , Chante Moore , Jon B. , Silk have made really good music and continue to make great Cd 's even though the do not get the recognition that they deserve . In the end it means more , so Just think about it ...
 Fantasia has the staying power to transend all generations , or so I thought . Her voice is powerful and blessed . Her capabilities transend this album . The song are rappish in nature , and offer no power as summertime and Maybe i did n't love you . Fantasia , please go back in the booth and sing us songs from Broadway , the wiz , or Dreamgirls . The second album could have been made by a mediocre singer . Fantasia is worth to all of us , much more than this album .
 Fantasia is one of my two favorite female artists and this `` too '' reeks of another disappointing `` 2nd '' effort . The tracks produced by Missy are awful . I pray that Fantasia 's team will not solicit her assistance on the next project ; she 's played out ! Fantasia has talent ... point blank she can sing . However , the tired beats just do n't get it . Be truthful if you 're a real fan , Fantasia can do much better . In fairness to perspective buyers there are at least 3 decent tracks on the CD but most of the tracks do n't flow well . It 's like she forcing herself in an unatural way to sing to the track rather than simply flowing with the music.AND , If you 're hearing the chipmunks perhaps its due to the poor quality of your bootlegged copy !
 I am a fan of Fantasia but this is not a good follow up for `` Free Yourself '' she needs to tone it back down a little . I will not be purchasing this one . She and Ruben fell off for real !! Their talent is greater than what they are putting out , needs some new producers .
 With her first release being poor I am really surprised that she was given a 2nd chance . This CD is as horrible , if not worse , than the 1st try . She is the reason why I stopped watching AI . I highly DO NOT recommend this chipmunk junk .
 Who is this person that a sexed-up culture spat out of its mouth ? It is Fantasia ; the sweet girl from North Carolina who wowed America with her bravery and perseverance.She dropped the surname last year on her debut , and the album was a success ; a true showcase of what America had come to love about this `` triumph from adversity '' story.Who is the person singing on this album ? A girl who just could n't help equating `` feeling beautiful '' with singing songs about sex and activities which , I thought , she had previously deemed a dangerous path . See , she 's been through this love-me-for-my-body phase before , and it got her hardship and pain . Yes , she is an adult now , and sure , she can make her own decisions - but the matter still stands that she completely sold herself out to a music culture that venerates promiscuousness . Also , who 's to say that after you reach adulthood this kind of thing is alright ? Her status as a high school student the first time around made the case for her deviance ? No . I hate to say it , but a 25 year old can use you just as fast as a 16 year old can ; who , might I add , do you think they learn it from?I was a fan of Fantasia Barrino ... but this new Fantasia girl is an extreme disappointment .1 star .
 I gave it one star for the one song that I like , which they play on the radio so I wish I did n't buy it . Sorry Fantasia , I guess I should have bought the first one instead .
 I am truly disappointed with this album . I loved the first so much that I actually purchased the real and not boot leg . Fantasia is a great singer and that is not showcased with this album at all . I am wondering why does she want a `` Hood Boy '' if her baby 's daddy was a no good `` Hood Boy '' not to mention that is not positive to young girls/ladies . Fantasia has the potential to hit it big if she has more of a creative control that allows her to showcase her American Idol voice . This is -LSB- ... -RSB- at its finest . What is going on with the American music industry ? Everyday I hear more and more -LSB- ... -RSB- on the radio so that I do n't listen anymore . -LSB- ... -RSB- . for example , `` my lipgloss , '' `` chicken noodle soup , '' and a whole lot others . People stand up and stop support -LSB- ... -RSB- ... SAVE THE MUSIC as Nas said !!!
 Fantasia is on her 2nd album & is fast moving away from Her American Idol days . Vocally she has some decent moments , but overall She just mainly comes across as a After school special version of Mary J.Bliege . the lead off track with Big Boi `` Hood Boy '' sounds like a cliched type of track at maintaining a Hood Pass as a Song . it goes nowhere . she is following closely the MJB Formula of balancing out Drama & the Day to Day Grind . to this point she does n't get material that fully captures her range . it 's a Hit & Miss Album more things are balanced because of the Production , but She still is n't being handled the right way as a Artist . she is channeling alot of Modern acts on here , but She still does n't have her own Idenity as a Artist yet .
 Fantasia has truly fallen from her Idol status . The beats and lyrics on this album are re-used and tired . I was expecting so much more from this artisit , but was let down by the forth song . Make sure you hear someone else 's copy before you buy it yourself .
 Save your time and Money . Just look at the wack picture . Why whould she want to look like ugly Grace Jones.She 's washed up . The five star reviews come from people in her camp.Save your money .
 I STARTED TO PURCHASE THIS CD JUST BECAUSE , THEN I LISTENED TO THE SAMPLES , WELL WHAT CAN I SAY , I 'LL PASS ON THIS ONE . I THINK BALLADS ARE HER STRONG POINT . I HOPE SHE DOES N'T LOOSE HER AUDIENCE BECAUSE OF HER CHANGE OF STYLE .
 Someone said that Fantasia 's CD cover was `` a hot mess . '' Actually , there 's nothing wrong with the CD cover ; it 's the music itself that 's really a hot mess . I was so excited about Fantasia 's 2nd album and now I 'm just exteremly disappointed . Fantasia was supposed to step up her game , not step down . You have Amy Winehouse and Joss Stone using leftover music from the previous decades , being hailed as great soul singers . Yet if Amy and Joss were told to make a contemporary R&B album , the first thing they would do is get The Neptunes , Timbaland , and Swizz Beats . Fantasia , who could blow Amy/Joss and the rest of their ilk out of the water , comes out with this tired album . I have nothing against Missy Elliot , but she and Swizz Beats did a very bad job producing Fantasia 's album . How are you going to have a voice like Fantasia 's and come out with this souless , immature , flavorless bubblegum noise ? It 's obvious that Fantasia wants to be pop and be in the mainstream , but it 's working against her . That R&B sound she had with `` Free Yourself '' ca n't be find on this new CD at all . What you get is some watered down R&B music polluted with loud repetitive club beats and and pop overtones . Everything sounds like what 's already on the radio , there are no potential classics , and nothing that would be played on the Quiet Storm . It sounds `` modern '' and it 's heavy on style , but that 's it . In other words , it 's forgetable . The best song on this CD was `` 2 Weeks Notice . '' I actually do n't like the song , but it sounds better than the other ones . I 'm not feeling this at all and I 'm upset . Fantasia needs to go back to the studio right away with some different producers and songwriters and come up with a smooth R&B sound . She needs to remember where are real fanbase is at . And if the mainstream does n't like it , that 's too bad . Sorry , but I 'm skipping this .
 Sounds nothing like the Fantasia from American Idol , whom I loved . Nothing of her unique voice or talent in this one . She lost herself in her first album and I had hoped maybe in the second she 'd come back . Nope . Too bad most of the AI contestants leave their talent behind once they get into the recording studio . Not sure how it happens because some of them manage to bring their unique style into their albums -LRB- Clay , Kelly , Carrie , Kelly Pickler , maybe Taylor Hicks -RRB- .
 I ca n't understand why such a talented singer would produce a CD with the caliber of songs she chose . I wo n't buy any more Fantasia CDs until she goes back to R&B .
 Simply OK , recommend to pass unless you 're a super Fantasia fan , if not , this recording will not make you a huge fan .
 Fantasia has a wonderful voice , she is so mush passion and energy , but I feel so let down with this and `` free youself '' . This girl has gospel and soul ooooozzzzing out of her , yet we are subject to missy elliot / mtv base type tracks , that just do n't fit or suit her at all .
 OK ? `` Hood Boy '' ? Can you say DONE ALREADY by Destiny 's Child -LRB- `` Soldier '' -RRB- ? I was n't impressed with this CD . You can tell Missy was all up and through this production -LRB- fast beats and lyrics -RRB- . I know Fantasia is young , but I do n't really think this CD is `` her . '' The beats and lyrics are very `` clubby . '' It does n't compliment her voice at ALL.Yes , there are a FEW good songs on this CD -LRB- I Nominate U ; I Feel Beautiful ; Two Weeks Notice -RRB- , but overall , I would n't recommend buying it .
 Fantasia ! Lord I Dont Know What In The World Has Happen Since `` Free Yourself '' This CD Is Just A Totally Disappointment . . Her Whole Style Is Class Has Just Changed From A year Or So Ago.this cd & Her First One Is Just Like day & Night ... ump ump ump , what a waste . .
 If you like Kansas enough to want a collection of their radio ready singles , then you should invest in the 7 studio records this collection is drawn from . There 's more than enough to engage even a casual fan of Kansas . The reason for buying all the CD 's represented here is not simply that they are really good , but it is also because this collection is technically botched . It was released on vinyl in 1982 and contained one new song , `` Perfect Lover '' , which had no particular appeal to it . For some strange reason , the band 's engineer , Dave Moire , and two of it 's members decided to re-mix these songs and encase some of them in plate reverb , so that Steve Walsh sounds like he is singing in an empty oil drum . One would think that these songs , all being hits , would sell themselves . But not so . To compound the error , this disc was an example of what happens when you simply transfer old analog masters to digital . It emerged as the first Kansas CD release of the digital age , with all it 's faults uncorrected.In 1998 , this collection with a replicated and color corrected cover was released for CD . `` Perfect Lover '' was gone , but the disc had some new `` hits '' added to take advantage of the longer CD format . Fortunately , the songs had been properly mastered and restored to their original mixes.So , when you shop for CD 's you may see almost identical covers , with similar , but different track listings . The one with `` Perfect Lover '' is the one you do n't want . I have them both and the difference is astonishing . Do n't make the mistake of buying THIS version .
 THIS KANSAS COLLECTION DID N'T DO SO GOOD ... THE ONLY GOOD SONG IS CARRY ON WAYWARD SON . THAT IS THE ONLY SONG I HAVE EVER HEARD ON THE RADIO .
 Kansas had their moments , especially in the late 70s , but this is n't the definitive collection by any stretch . The 80s songs were n't much good when they were new , and they sure have n't gotten better with age.If all you want are their Big Three hits -- Wayward , Dust , and Point -- plus the beautiful Song For America , then by all means pick up this album . But if you want more bang for your buck , buy Leftoverture and Point Of Know Return instead and figure out some alternate way to score SFA .
 There are only two songs on this cd that I reconize . The rest is a waste unless you love Kansas .
 I ordered and paid for the Kansas MP3 album to be downloaded to my computer and I have not recieved it yet . That is why I do not like this product .
 In case anyone else was wondering...swells@destiny.esd105.wednet.edu from Yakima , Washington , September 17 , 1998 Kerry Livgren 's departure from Kansas was a disapointment to all die-hard Kansas fans , however we all saw it coming as he and Steve Walsh drifted apart both musically and philosophically . Livgren 's Kansas lyrics read like a road map of his search , literally , for life 's meaning . We did n't have to wait too long , however , to see what this guitar virtuoso would come up with . On this , his first solo effort , Livgren has gathered together some phenomenal musicians -LRB- Ronnie James Dio of Black Sabbath , Barrimore Barlow of Jethro Tull , David Pack of Ambrosia , Paul Goddard of Atlanta Rhythym Section and many others including Dave Hope of Kansas -RRB- and he 's finally done things `` his '' way . The result is an inspiring and musically powerful collection of songs . It is a departure from the Kansas sound but his Christian perspective is encouraging and his use of great back-up musicians and guests produces a very good recording for anyone who appreciates Kerry Livgren 's awesome guitar and keyboard work as well as some deep and thought-provoking lyrics . Go get it -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- . I guess the guys from Stryper were too busy to help out .
 Pass up the CD and download the MP3 files for their two hits -LRB- Dust in the Wind , Carry on Wayward Son -RRB- . Two stars for two songs -- What a waste of money . K
 I hope we do hear back from A music fan from Indianapolis , who on November 18 , 1998 wrote that this album contains songs no one should have to sit through . `` Maybe I could buy this , buy the Journey Greatest hits , sit down , and once and for all determine which of these bands deserves the title of Worst Band Ever . `` Before publishing the final verdict , maybe he should also consult with other Amazon Customers who bought titles by Kansas -LRB- and -RRB- also bought titles by these artists : StyxKerry Livgren Rush Boston Journey ... . ForeignerSurely there must be a Star Trek convention coming to Indianapolis soon , and these alleged customers should n't be hard to find there . But in the meantime , from this stellar list I would vote for Styx , with Journey a close second , for overall scatology.p.s . who the heck is kerry livgren ? Is he/she in the Chieftains ? -- Big Tone
 If you are not really a big Kansas fan , and just looking for a few Kansas songs `` to have '' , Then this recording is probably ok for you . I can tell right off that true Kansas fans probably find this collection embarassing . So embarassing in fact , that this CD has been out since the CD format was in it 's infancy , and no one , until me , has bothered to review it here . True Kansas fans probably ignore the existance of this recording altogether . First off , right at the opening of `` Carry On Wayward Son '' , the first track on the CD , you can tell something is WRONG . The echo is overpowering , something that is not part of the original recordings . It gives the CD that `` Electronicaly Rechanneled To Simulate Stereo '' feel that you used to only get with cheap bargain bin recordings that were beefed up from the original mono masters . It 's downright annoying . Plus , 10 tracks does not do the band 's retrospective justice . Even if you are not a huge Kansas fan , you may find that the way this CD was re-produced may get on your nerves . My guess is that when the CD format was new , CBS did a rush job on it 's back catalogue to get some of the old LP 's to market on CD . Some joker at CBS decided to throw in a little extra echo to make the record sound like they did something special for the CD release . Well , it did n't work out like they planned . And it shows . I am sure that there are other Kansas retrospectives on the market that better represent the fine work of this great band . I would suggest you seek one out , and pass this one up . This collection is better off as a distant , and very insulting , memory of how stupid some major label executives think we really are .
 Kansas had their moments , especially in the late 70s , but this is n't the definitive collection by any stretch . The 80s songs were n't much good when they were new , and they sure have n't gotten better with age.If all you want are their Big Three hits -- Wayward , Dust , and Point -- plus the beautiful Song For America , then by all means pick up this album . But if you want more bang for your buck , buy Leftoverture and Point Of Know Return instead and figure out some alternate way to score SFA .
 Maybe I could buy this , buy the Journey Greatest hits , sit down , and once and for all determine which of these bands deserves the title of Worst Band Ever . Then again , maybe it 's not worth enduring this platter of dreck , even in the name of science . If all we are is dust in the wind , do n't add insult to injury by making me listen to this , too .
 Pop Kulcher Review
 There are three songs in the Kansas canon which are well-known to anyone who listened to a fair amount of American album-oriented radio during the ' 70 's and ' 80 's . Two of these , Carry on Wayward Son and Dust in the Wind , are widely regarded as rock classics . The third , Point of Know Return , has not garnered quite the esteem -LRB- or airplay -RRB- of the other two , but nevertheless remains a lively and melodic rocker that sounds as fresh today as when it was written.I think it 's a safe bet that if you are thinking of purchasing The Best of Kansas , it 's because of one or more of the three tracks I mentioned in the previous paragraph . My own interest in Kansas was sparked by seeing them perform these three songs live on their recent tour with Yes ; I arrived late , and these last three songs were the only part of Kansas ' set that I saw . These alone were well worth the $ I later paid for the Best Of cd , however I was disappointed to find nothing else among the nine remaining tracks which I ever want to hear again . Overall , I found them to be an odd mix of forgettable ' 80 's cheese -LRB- e.g. Fight Fire With Fire , Play the Game Tonight -RRB- , and bombastic , pointlessly intricate , melodically starved ' 70 's sludge -LRB- e.g. Song for America , The Pinnacle -RRB- . Imagine Styx trying to imitate Gentle Giant - if that 's your cup of tea , you may love this stuff . As for myself , I 'm left wondering how godawful their run-of-the-mill album filler must be , if this is the cream of the crop .
 I absolutely loved that song `` Carry On Wayward Son '' which sounds like one of the greatest stuff in history . Rest of the other songs on this album are not that good . 2-stars .
 more slickly produced corporate arena rock for the mindless . Bands like them , Styx , REO Speedwagon , Foreigner are what makes classic rock radio so unlistenable . Why they play these guys in favor of the Clash or the Ramones is beyond my comprehension . I can not recommend this CD for anybody . Someone ought to shoot these guys and put them out of their misery
 On her third album , raps most shamelessly crude artist tries to talk a little less about sex and a little more about violence . Yet , Lil Kim 's image , personality and talent are wasted on this generic , vapid disc . Timberland creates a wonderful escapade of drums and horns form Kim on `` the jump off ' , where her playful sexuality and diva persona shine through . She spits `` I got ta man in Japan and a due in Tahiti , believe me sweetie I got enough to feed the needy '' with a wonderful mixture of sexuality , strength and personality . On `` Magic Stick '' 50 Cent 's chuckles on playfully and Lil Kim plays seductress over a blaring beat and on `` Beehive '' Kim shouts `` I 'm back and I 'm about to murder cats '' with unstoppable energy . The standout track here is `` This is a warning '' where Kim reworks the lyrics of R Kelly 's hit `` A woman 's threat '' into a verbal threat directed at fellow female rapper Foxy Brown . Foxy Brown , with her overpowering wit has made her own attacks on Kim , but this by far the best piece of music that has resulted from the feud between the top two female rappers currently circulating the airwaves . On `` Warning '' , Kim makes her far share of physical threats , but it 's the heartbreak and sorrow in her raspy voice -LRB- she sings in the track -RRB- that makes the song so interesting . It 's a whole new side of Lil Kim . But other than that it 's all sloppy , generic beats and annoying , squeaky unenthusiastically delivered shtick form Kim . Miss Elliot cant even save her and as great as she sounds on some of the tracks her , the queen of the rap game hardly sounds interested in further staking her claim or expanding artistically .
 I really respect Lil Kim and I think she has a lot of talent but while I was journaling Light in August by Faulkner for school , I came across something very interesting . As Lil Kim is very original , I feel that she has a credibility problem . I was listening to the song `` Big Poppa '' by Notorious BIG , whom Lil Kim had a relationship with . One of his lyrics is `` Now check it , I got more mck than craig and in the bed -- Believe me sweetie I got enough to feed the needy '' and his album , Ready to Die was released in 1994 . Interesting . In Lil Kims song , The Jumpoff , she has a lyric `` Got a man in Japan and a dude in Tahiti -- Believe me sweety I got enough to feed the needy . '' Coincidence ? I have no idea . Perhaps Queen Bee is not as original as we all think . This CD is good but I question the originality of her work now . Watch out .
 the source gave this album 41/2 mics . this album was so bad and pointless that i had to force myself to go past track 5 . her first album was real good , but they get worse and worse after that . every song i heard ice this , rim this , and cristile this , thats so laaaaaame . while she was working on her new `` barbie doll '' looks she should have been working on her album . Biggie is in heaven with his head down ...
 I 've really never liked Lil ' Kim that much ... she far too often falls into the category of what I call Generic Rap-just a bunch of tiring , speedy rhymes fumbling along to a horrible backing track . But rappers who can give their songs style and infectious hooks are the ones I really admire-such as Black Eyed Peas , Eve , Missy Elliott , etc. . With `` How Many Licks ? , '' `` Lady Marmalade , '' and one of the tracks here might just add Lil ' Kim to that list . The aforementioned track is the irresistibly hooky `` Magic Stick , '' possibly the best track Queen B has ever recorded . The lyrics are a bit stupid-as usual , just her -LSB- and 50 Cent -RSB- boasting their sexual prowess-but the chorus is infectious , and the backing track is danceable and hot . This CD is worth buying for that hit alone , but ... I 'd think twice .
 Out of 16 tracks on `` La Bella Mafia , '' Lil ' Kim appears in only three songs where she performs on her own . The rest of this CD consists of nothing but colabos . 50 cent saves the day with the best song on this album , the `` magic stick , '' already a club favorite from coast to coast . Other than that , this is typical Lil Kim stuff , sex , sex , sex , and I can do it better than any broads in the game ...
 The best song is the jump off . . with the exception of 2 others . . this CD is garbage ... I think Lil Kim is tight but the tracks are weak , , and I thought it was going to be more like her first single . . But I do like the look change for her ... Maybe her next one will be better
 not much to really say about Her as a Artist.yes She has a Catchy song here & there from time to time but more often than not She is Wack ! same ole Formula driven Material.still She is able to Maintain Her Hustle so I give her Props for that , but as a Artist not much has changed at all.Her flows are only alright on someone else 's Hooks to me.a whole album of Her is to much .
 I just bought this based on other reviews here . I do n't know what these people are talking about . I thought the beats would be more the first single `` the jump off . '' But they are n't . A lot of them are really slow . That with the fact that she ca n't rap makes for a really dissapointing cd . What a waste of money .
 Now That I 've listened to the whole album . . I have to say , that Lil Kim got worse with each LP that came out . . This is definetely the weakest of her Albums.especially Track 9 . . What 's it supposed to be ?! It sounds like homemade singing over R. Kelly 's `` A Women 's Threat '' . . Her singing voice is so ugly , an insult to Mr Kelly . . The only Song I really like is `` Magic Stick '' feat . 50 Cent - This track is tight!I hope she will be improving again on her next LP !
 the source gave this album 41/2 mics . this album was so bad and pointless that i had to force myself to go past track 5 . her first album was real good , but they get worse and worse after that . every song i heard ice this , rim this , and cristile this , thats so laaaaaame . while she was working on her new `` barbie doll '' looks she should have been working on her album . Biggie is in heaven with his head down ...
 The Queen Bee delivers yet another epic masterpiece of astrophysics and philosophy . The cosmic rays gleaming from 20-inch rims and the Newtonian dynamics of Hummers are addressed in profound tales of bling blinging through the space-time continuum . Her collaboration with fellow theoretical physicist 50 Cent presents a powerful challenge to proponents of string theory -- dismissing the malleability of strings of quantized waves , the two suggest that the central theorem of the universe may be derived from stiff , elongated rods of energy . Overall , this effort is a leap forward for quantum physics . I highly recommend other brilliant treatises by her prestiged colleagues Lil Romeo , B2K , and the prolific P. Diddy .
 Lil Kim IS the worst female mc to touch the mic . I don &#65533; t know what happened to her . Her debut album was kinda tight and she showed promise on the Junior Mafia album but from there she has gone downhill . FAST . She has no originality -LRB- in music -RRB- whatsoever . When I listen to this cd I feel like I &#65533; ve been here before . First off her lyrics aren &#65533; t original &#65533; I can deal with beats being reused but when it &#65533; s lyrics it gets annoying . She steals lyrics from basically everywhere -LRB- mostly BIG -RRB- and hooks too . Secondly she steals voice from the Notorious BIG and Foxy Brown . Since when does Lil Kim have a Jamaican accent or Carribean roots ? That was a complete jack move if you ask me.The beats on the album are borderline unlistenable . Even the single &#65533; Jump Off &#65533; , which was produced by Timbaland , is not bumping . The guests steal the show &#65533; Twista , 50 Cent , and Styles P seem to overshadow Lil Kim &#65533; s performance and that is just unacceptable . She also chooses to flaunt her body and sexuality on the album when in reality she is not the least bit attractive or sexy . The Swizz Beats track is quite possibly the worst song of the year . And what was the fascination with putting Lil Shanice on &#65533; Shake Ya Bum &#65533; ? CORNY ! When your friends come to your house make sure you hide this so they won &#65533; t know you have it . Because if they see this they will clown you till the end of time . WACK.Man after the horrendous &#65533; Notorious KIM &#65533; , I gave Lil Kim a chance to redeem herself and she has failed me horribly . Lil Kim has proved with this album that Foxy Brown has always had more talent , beauty , flow and originality &#65533; stay away from this trash .
 Lil Kim is -LSB- bad . -RSB- She cant rap , and shes just selling her image . I listened to this CD yesterday , the beats are pretty good , but if you want lyrics pick up 50 cent , freeway or fabolous , not this ... Also , in terms of female rappers Trina and Foxy Brown are better.bottom line
 I only liked 1 or 2 songs off the whole CD ; the CD is just weak !
 Though I have this album , it will definetly be my last because this tramp is so disgusting and vulgar . Now , I must be honest that some of the songs sound good like `` came back for you '' , which is tight , `` get in touch with us '' with Styles , and `` doing it way big '' , but , seriously , I ca n't stand this fake , wannabe white girl !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This dirty w **** ! Have you noticed that she just keeps getting lighter and lighter and she goes on in her career ? She probably should not even do rap , though she can really rap , because she is just trying to be white , and she even said it ! She said that she wanted to look like her role model , Pamela Lee Anderson , which says something about someone that is BLack . I find her insulting . It is obvious that she is only using rap to make money and have an income , but when it all comes down to it , she is not proud of who she is . Do n't support her . Let her try to be like her white people who she so adores ! This trick !
 Lil kim is the most over-rated female rapper of all time ! What 's sad is that most people think that she is dope because the media is swinging from her pubic hairs but lil chimp is about as fresh as a 50 year old prostitute ! This album standout cuts
 lil ' kim was at the top of her game when she came out with the classic rap album HARDCORE , and slipped a little on her 2nd disc NOTORIOUS K.I.M. but now she is repetative ... . how many times do we have to hear her tell us that she is the boss in bed > ? this lackluster only has a few songs on here that are able to keep interest : ` thug luv ' w / twista ` jump off ' w / mr. cheeks ` magic stick ' w / 50 cent -LRB- and i hate 50 -RRB- ` ca n't f *** with queen bee'and surprisingly ` shake ya bum bum ' w / lil ' shaniceall the other songs make lil kim tiresome ... . even the performance by Styles P is disapointing ... what happend to the good female rappers like foxy brown , rah digga , trina , mc lyte , and eve > ? they need to make a huge comeback and kick kim out of the so called rap game ... kim needs a huge ` jump off ' after this horrid album . .
 Although I enjoyed listening to Notorious KIM and Hardcore for a while , I do n't really enjoy listening to this one . Her songs on this album do n't reflect any originality nor any new recently-covered ground . The subject matter is much the same as in her previous album . And also , I 'm so sick of listening to Lil ` Kim bash Foxy Brown in her songs !! She needs to get over the fact that Foxy Brown is better and to just admit it . In conclusion , if you currently do n't own any Lil Kim albums , you might as well just buy her debut `` Hardcore '' album because it represents Lil Kim when she first started out and it shows what little spec of creativity she might have had ... even then .
 This is more typical garbage that the industry keeps producing ... anyone notice its tougher and tougher to find good rap cds , theres maybe5-6 a year now ... thats LAME ... everyone go buy the black album
 If you 're thinking of buying this album for the track `` Magic Stick '' -LRB- featuring 50 cent -RRB- , do n't do it . The version we all heard on the radio contained samples and elements from Billy Squire 's `` Stroke It '' , while the album version sounds totally and completely different . The liner notes indicate the album version of `` Magic Stick '' contains samples and elements of a song called `` The Thrill Is Gone '' performed by B.B. King . Anyway , the only other song on here worth anybody 's time is that `` The Jump Off '' -LRB- featuring Mr. Cheeks -RRB- . And even that track has gone out of style pretty fast . Do n't make the same mistake I did , go out and buy Billy Squire 's Greatest Hits for that awesome guitar hook . Have a nice day !
 It 's bad enough that male gangsta rappers refer to women as b * tch * s and h * 's , but for a female rapper to spew that about other women is worse than disgraceful , it 's downright disgusting - just like this singer herself . And then to call herself a queen like she 's better than other women in the world ? I 'd vomit , but she 's not even worthy of my puke . Some advice to LITTLE Kim - get out of the recording studio since you ca n't carry a tune anyway , and spare us real women from your misogynistic garbage . FF --
 Lil Kim wants to be a hardcore rapper so bad , it 's sad , because she 's dead . This album comes off much less aggressive than her last one -LRB- her best -RRB- , and features too many superficial tracks to be considered taken seriously . Kim repeats Biggie verses almost as if she penned them herself . It 's also a disgrace to women when she constantly nags that all women are about is
 Lil Kim 's debut album was the only good one to ever hit shelves . Her latest album , La Bella mafia , is once again beating the dead horse that everyone has been beating for the last few years . There are a few reasons why we know this album is poor . First off , the over-indulgence of guests appearances . I mean , come on . There 's at least one feature in every song . Is it a collaboration album ? You 're not Jay-Z and this is not La Roc Familia . Second , her lyrics just lack everything except topics about materialism . Third , we all know that if you need to feature 50 Cent on a song , that 's how you decide when somebody is just desperate for attention . Even though 50 Cent is horrible , anything with the pop star 's name on it will give it credibility . Magic Stick was more filler on this album and could have been cut out in two seconds . The only song I enjoyed was Thug Love featuring Twista , and The Jump Off had a rattling beat . Other than that , this album was extremely unneeded . Hip hop is in a state of 911 in 2003 . Nothing new here . Look elsewhere .
 Lil Kim 's debut album was the only good one to ever hit shelves . Her latest album , La Bella mafia , is once again beating the dead horse that everyone has been beating for the last few years . There are a few reasons why we know this album is poor . First off , the over-indulgence of guests appearances . I mean , come on . There 's at least one feature in every song . Is it a collaboration album ? You 're not Jay-Z and this is not La Roc Familia . Second , her lyrics just lack everything except topics about materialism . Third , we all know that if you need to feature 50 Cent on a song , that 's how you decide when somebody is just desperate for attention . Even though 50 Cent is horrible , anything with the pop star 's name on it will give it credibility . Magic Stick was more filler on this album and could have been cut out in two seconds . The only song I enjoyed was Thug Love featuring Twista , and The Jump Off had a rattling beat . Other than that , this album was extremely unneeded . Hip hop is in a state of 911 in 2003 . Nothing new here . Look elsewhere .
 When Lil Kim came out with the classic `` Hardcore '' , I thought it was the beginning of a great career . Boy , was I wrong !!! Kim is not only selling out , she is making `` bad '' music along the way , which is not helping her at all . Also , she repeats the same themes over and over again with her albums . The same topics about missing Biggie and hating Foxy is wearing on my ears and my nerves . I just wish she had that same hunger she had before , because she was awesome then . This will be the last time I buy another cd from her again without trying it out first .
 lets see here , first of all I must say that this is the only country on the planet where a 5 foot 2 ghetto chick with mediocre at best rapping skill could be rich and famous.Secondly , the only reason she has a record deal is because she was biggies friend.Ofcourse , like most rappers out today she features a million other people on the album that only proves she has no talent of her own.Her rap lirics are very boring and one dimensional as she only raps about bling bling and being a hooker.Its very sad that some people label her as the black madonna of hip hop.To finish , dont waste your money on this sleazy ghetto gold digger .
 When Lil Kim Hardcore came out Kim established that she was a no nonsense MC . When Biggie was murdered it definitely took its toll on Kim but she took her pain and transformed it into a determination to show the world that she still had what it took to be the Queen Bee . But with this album she let me down in a major way !! While some of the songs are entertaining and others are even Lil Kim caliber , as a whole this album was a sad attempt at trying to be Queen Bee . If she would take sometime to be Lil Kim again and stop trying to be the new millenium 's black Barbie she would be okay . She needs to get back to who she was when she first came out !!
 the source gave this album 41/2 mics . this album was so bad and pointless that i had to force myself to go past track 5 . her first album was real good , but they get worse and worse after that . every song i heard ice this , rim this , and cristile this , thats so laaaaaame . while she was working on her new `` barbie doll '' looks she should have been working on her album . Biggie is in heaven with his head down ...
 OK I know artists have growth in their careers but this CD is awful . I ca n't believe this is from the same woman who was in the Junior Mafia and put out Hardcore.I really feel like her nose job has hindered her flow and voice completely as in some songs she sounds like Angie Martinez.Worst Songs - Shake Ya Bum Bum , This Is A Warning , Basically tracks 1-15 . Good Songs - I Came Back For You ... this is the only good track on the whole album.I would only recommend this for die hard fans who only like her image and could care less about what tripe she puts out .
 First a Ginuwine album . Now a Lil ' Kim joint . `` What 's wrong with you '' , you wonder . But again , this is yet another album I had to endure , ladies and lads . Kim Jones ' third album , `` La Bella Mafia '' , released after one of the worst mainstream rap albums I 've ever heard -LRB- 2000 's `` Notorious K.I.M. '' -RRB- . Now , aside from her nasty Biggie-helmed '96 debut `` Hard Core '' , I just do n't like Kim 's rapping ... I just could n't get into honey 's post-Biggie agenda . She seemed -LRB- and still does seem -RRB- lost without Christopher Wallace 's guidance . Although a sweet and caring person in real life , Kim seems like that sweet yet air headed aunt of yours . The nicest woman in the world but very confused . Yet , aside from my little experience in post-B.I.G. Kim fandom , I had to make this album for someone and I listened to it quite a few times and will conclude that it 's weak.Kim has nothing to say . It 's the same , `` I look so good '' , `` My oral sex skills are this or that '' , `` I 'm balling '' , `` Biggie this , Biggie that '' , and then to show her true confusion , she 'll start talking about God or again , how she 's gon na be okay without Big Poppa here . Kim 's lyrics are n't that quotable and she does n't seem believable . Being nasty and tired is n't representing Black women so she needs to get off that . Aside from boring topics , there 's also a lack of confidence on Kim 's part . `` La Bella Mafia '' has too many guest stars who have NO chemistry with the 4 ' 11 '' rapper . The tired sex rhyme , `` Magic Stick '' , with flavor-of-the-month 50 Cent reeks of Sound Scan pandering . Yet the track is weak . The beat is listless . 50 's verse is obviously phoned in and Kim 's wicked sexual prowess sounds old and stale . `` Thug Luv '' with Chi-Town legend Twista sounds so average and like with 50 , Kim has no chemistry with the tied tongue wonder . The club romp `` The Jump Off '' is dated and a stereotypical Lil ' Kim track . Timbaland lays down a surprisingly standard beat . `` Hold It Now '' and `` This Is Who I Am '' are boring and just some filler-ish tracks for Kim to brag about her fictional appeal . `` This Is A Warning '' finds Kim threatening to `` poision -LSB- an adversaries ' -RSB- food '' and singing to the R. Kelly slow jam `` A Woman 's Threat '' . The song is funny for all the wrong reasons . Aside from all the boring tricks and average production , surprisingly Kim , does have some halfway decent tricks in her Prada bag . `` Ca n't F *** With Queen Bee '' is humorous self-parody . Singing a haughty allegiance of self to the tune of Denience Williams ' classic `` Free '' . Along with Full Force singing background and Kim 's quips , it 's actually a good track . `` Shake Ya Bum Bum '' is a one-off club jam produced by Swizz Beats that 's fun and harmless . Also , `` Heavenly Father '' finally finds Kim going beyond fashion , sex , and arrogance , to talk about her break from Junior M.A.F.I.A. and her deeply rooted faith . With a sped-up O'Jays sample , it 's actually well-done and finds a new side to Kim.By the time this overfilled , overtly pointless set is over with `` The Beehive '' , an eight minute rave up of her new crew of the same name -LRB- they 're basically the new Junior M.A.F.I.A. -RRB- and the year old `` Come Back For You '' where she obligatory swings at rival/sister Foxy Brown as well as Eve and Trina -LRB- ? -RRB- , two other newbies who Kim feels are being disrespectful to the self-proclaimed `` Queen Bee '' , you start yawning . Kim is a sweet person and outside of the nasty image , you feel the need to protect her . With better producers , a more stable mental condition -LRB- this overbalance of Biggie is really unhealthy -RRB- , and a more stable sound , I could see her succeeding . `` La Bella Mafia '' does n't come close to Kim 's ex-best friend Brown 's stellar `` Broken Silence '' opus but since , the two one time multi-platinum dames seem to be plagued by bad decisions , industry drama , and personal turmoil -LRB- for Fox , it 's the breakups , bad label deals , and a miscarriage ; Kim , it 's the bitter split with Puffy and Junior M.A.F.I.A. and the inability to fully move apart from Biggie , whose been dead for 6 years -RRB- , maybe they could do a record together . Giving two embattled femme-cees who have the spunk a chance to grow , musically and importantly , as grown women .
 I think this album is kim 's worst yet!I 'm a huge fan of the Queen , but save your $ $ . Out of all the tracks there are only 3 that I listen to , and thats only because I 'm a big fan of Twista ,50 Cent , and Timberland.Without them , the album would 've been tossed out the window!I definitely liked her better when Biggie was writing her rhymes.And that R.Kelly song she remade !!! She did NOT need to incliude that track!I know she had to listen to that before she decided to put that on her album ! ... It seems to me that she is just repeating her rhymes over and over on every album.She does n't soung original anymore ... It seems she 's trying to clean up her act.She realizes she does n't need to tell the whole world whats going on between the sheets , to sell records.Eve does n't have to , and still sells records ! ... I would recommend Kim 's last album Notorious K.I.M. and forget about this one.I underestimated her talent.She needs BIG to get the real $ $ $ $ $ $ $
 BOUGHT Vinyl believing that the ENTIRE Cover would be the COVER photograph -LRB- as ADVERTISED -RRB- NOT merely a STICKER at the TOP of the cover .
 Tracks on this CD are mono where they appeared on the `` Electronically Rechanelled for Stereo '' vinyl release in TRUE stereo . For that reason alone , this CD is disappointing . The tracks that were in fake stereo on vinyl are also mono here . They obviously used the mono LP master for this release .
 A few good songs made great by her vocal performances but everything she 's done since far exceeds this debut .
 The song that got me hooked was `` Strong enough '' . I heard it on the radio one day , and was compelled to listen more and more just to hear that song . Admittedly , Sheryl does n't have the best voice out there ; often she sounds strained on certain notes , and some of her melodies are strangely patterned . Still , her lyrics are something that many young , teenage-type lovers can relate to .
 After being forced to listen to various tracks off of this debut album at my in-laws tavern , I realized that this cd should of been strapped to Leonardo 's back when he sunk in the Atlantic . It is pure fluff from the word go . Lyrically , it offers nothing , and the accompanying music is not much better .
 Simplistic , inane , childish , and lame . The highlight for me was the opening chord structure of `` All I Want To Do . '' If you have this , demand your money back !
 I never buy an album on the basis of one song . When I hear two I like , however , I consider it . I ended up with this album because I liked ` Leaving Las Vegas ' , and especially ` All I Wan na Do ' . To my dismay , I found these two to be the only good songs on the album . The rest was either boring background music or just plain irritating . My interest in Sheryl Crow 's music ended after listening to this album . On the basis of only two songs , I ca n't reccomend the album to anyone , but maybe the ` All I Wan na Do ' single would be worth it .
 Once upon a time , there was an actual Tuesday Night Music Club . It was a group of guys who jammed together for fun . Sheryl Crow came along and joined the group . They made more music together . Sheryl went on to fame and fortune . The others did n't . That 's all I can type on this matter . It 's up to you to fill in the blanks !
 Sheryl Crow is not woman enough of a woman to be the woman who would be my woman .
 Got ta be a tie between Cheryl Crow and Dave Matthews for most overrated modern artist but when your responsible for one of the most putrid songs of all time like Strong Enough the crowns got ta go to Crow and any cd including that piece of garbage does n't deserve more than 1 star
 Let 's face it folks this is not a rock album that everyone believes it is . I will start by saying I did n't play the 30 second snippet for `` All I Want To Do '' because I knew it was already a lost cause , the rest were all just as bad . There are only 2 songs that may be a little bit o.k. and they are `` Ca n't Cry Anymore '' , and `` We Do What We Can '' . I just feel that this was a pop album all the way even though it has a rock edge do n't be decieved . I do n't know what she 's like , or anything like that , but I do know she 's beautiful , but while talented it 's not the music I seek to listen to .
 I read recently that Sheryl Crow 's song `` Good is Good '' a song from her new album , was nominated for a Grammy award . Seriously , how much time and effort could it possibly take to come up with that . TNMC , also won a Grammy when it was released . I still can not understand why , but I do have a theory . Simply put , the music industry is more interested in image than musical talent and integrity . While only a mediocre talent at best , Sheryl Crow is deified . I realize that this is only my opinion -LRB- and I have a right to state it -RRB- this type of music nauseates me . There is so much music throughout the world to be explored and appreciated . Do not let some in the music industry to bombard and assault you with this type of musical drek . I do have a solution
 This video , made in 1969 , not 1987 , is not all that bad as an attempt to film an opera . The acting is generally decent too . But the sound is awful , and , after the first twenty minutes , the language changes from the Italian to German . There are no subtitles throughout . The film was made with the Berlin Comic Opera orchestra and conducted by Kurt Masur . None of the singers is well-known . Unless you are an Otello on video and DVD collector , I would avoid this one at all costs .
 Yet again , the Zappa Family Trust have botched up an archival release - feigning to have paid some attention to the needs of the more knowledgeable fans , before delivering a. . . perversion of the fans ' suggestion!Memo to the Zappa Family Trust
 Many people have said it , but the following was damaged : The LPThe CDsThe DVDAll scratched.The books , etc are very nice , but not worth the inability to have good , clean vinyl .
 I own the original Kind of Blue Album . This CD reproduction bites the big one . I got Borders bookstore to give me a full refund-A rarity . The original album is a classic .
 Right in the best part , about 5 cuts deep , the CD begins to skip . It was not my system which cost more than I want to say.Don ' t buy CD 's any more . I wo n't .
 I picked this up to try and expand my horizons in music and honestly this leaves me cold . The recording quality is stellar , the playing is great , yet the recordings themselves meander around with no direction ... for 10 minutes , and then they end . I discern no cohesive melodies . I like jazz , or at least I thought I did , but are n't songs , even jazz songs , supposed to have some sort of patterns ? I chalk the universal praise of this cd to mass hysteria and being too afraid to stand up and say , `` You know what ? This is boring . '' There seems like there should be dialogue going on , because this seems like background music from a movie . If you 're trying to round out a collection , this could pass , but if this is your first taste of jazz head straight for the desert .
 The CD has the sound that you used to hear on cassettes , this kind of shhshhshh . I did not expect that . I have a HiFi system that revealed right away the true quality of this CD . I have not idea whether it is related with this mastering or with the K2 mastering in general .
 Kind Of Blue is one of my all time favs , and it has had needed face lifts a few times . But how many time can you repackage this `` album '' and resell it ? I guess the answer is self evident . I think it 's sad that this continues to happen and no one is held responsible for taking advantage of the music buyer . This is just getting stupid - people are being ripped off in my opinion . Five stars for Kind Of Blue ; Zero stars for the Legacy Edition . -LRB- I guess I am going to be the bad guy in this , but enough is enough ! -RRB-
 Another rip-off reissue ! How many more times can they repackage this classic ?
 I have a Super Audio CD player and I love the format . But I got this DualDisc as a present and was willing to give it a go since I 've always wanted `` Kind of Blue '' on a high resolution format.First of all , Dual Discs are NOT a high resolution sound format ! The DVD side 's sound is merely Dolby Digital or PCM encoded information and no better than any soundtrack on a feature film that is released on DVD ! And the sampling rates are very very similar to CD anyway ! You basically get a two sided disc that HOPEFULLY works on one of your players.As I said , I own a SACD player , a rather expensive Denon that also plays DVD-Audio mind you . And it ca n't read the CD side of ANY dual discs because Dual Discs do n't conform to CD standards . But it will play the DVD side just fine . But what is the point ? If you 're not going to invest in a SACD player than buy the regular remastered Audio CD version.Also , I 've had no problems with copy protection software because I used a program called CD-EX to get my bought music onto my iPod which can rip anything ! Download it !
 I have 3 versions of `` Kind Of Blue . '' I have the MD version , the old Columbia Masterpiece remaster , and the newly Columbia remaster with added alternate takes . I think something like this is a huge waste of money even from a collector 's standpoint . If you did n't have `` Kind Of Blue , '' then I can see something like this being a good investment , but take it from a jazz collector like myself , it 's not worth $ 70 . It 's worth maybe $ 25 or $ 30 . I 'm disappointed that Columbia continues to put this album out . I mean it 's like we get the idea already . It 's a groundbreaking album , but how many times does it have to be released?Columbia seems to do this a lot and totally ignore other jazz legends that recorded for them like Thelonious Monk and Dave Brubeck . The attention to Thelonious Monk 's discography on Columbia is n't that great . I have all the re-issues of his albums and the attention to Dave Brubeck is even less . Miles was n't the only jazz musician that mattered on that label . Wake up Columbia ! Pay attention to the people , like myself , who think you should start releasing out-of-print Dave Brubeck Quartet albums like the rest of the `` Time '' series , `` Gone With The Wind , '' etc.As I mentioned , if you already have different versions of `` Kind Of Blue , '' then I do n't see any reason why you should buy this , unless you like throwing money away . To those who do n't have this album and want to explore the album that made Miles a legend , then you might want to pick it up , but you can buy the individual album so much cheaper and still get the same quality . Thumbs down , Columbia ! * Special update to potential buyers
 Just doing my part to make sure Amazon shoppers know this product is damaged from day one . I 'm giving it a low score , because I figure if the average score is low enough , they 'll check out some reviews to see why . And here 's why : The cardboard pockets where the discs are housed scratch the discs beyond playability.I bought a copy from my local CD store , took it home , and could n't even play the discs . They skipped on several tracks.I took it back to the CD store with the intention of exchanging it . I recalled they had another in stock . The sales associate opened the other copy to examine its condition - Guess what . It was worse.So , please be warned . Until Sony/Columbia rectify the packaging issue , you are undertaking a tremendous risk in buying this product.Sure the book is beautiful , as are the other goodies included . After all , this is THE JAZZ ALBUM , and it deserves such a lavish treatment . But they made one tremendous flaw in the packaging.FYI , I could n't say if the blue vinyl is up to par or not . I never played it
 I hope this poor review wo n't hurt Miles ' reputation , but the distortion on this album is inexcusable . Columbia/Legacy ck64935
 This SACD will not play in any of my DVD or CD devices . Not the car , not the PC DVD Players . It will not play on the Sony CD & DVD players .
 If you are particular about what emanates from your speakers , do n't bother . The standard re-mastered CD is as good and the original LP is markedly superior when played on a decent turntable with a better than average cartridge.Either this particular effort was poorly engineered or too much upfront quality was sacrificed to appease the gods of multi channel whiz bangs . The high end is over driven , the upper mid-range is muddy , and compared to the presence of the original LP , it sounds as if it were recorded in a cave . Al in all , a very poor example of super audio technology.Tone deaf
 Fairly poor vinyl transfer . The turntable/cartridge was not properly set up and you can hear lots of anomalies . There are several other versions of this that are much better . You wo n't get the mono verion but , for me , it was so distracting that I got rid of the CD since I would n't listen to it . The music is still classic but the rating of 2 stars reflects the quality of this product .
 Like other reviewers , I 'm not focusing here on the music or the sound quality . I 'm just adding my warning to the others . -LRB- I should have listened to them , but I thought `` mine will be different . '' Ha ! -RRB- So putting aside the music and the sound quality , DO buy this set if you do n't mind purchasing brand-new LPs and CDs that are pre-scratched and pre-scuffed for you . DO N'T buy this if you expect new merchandise to be , well , new .
 After eagerly unwrapping this release I was thoroughly underwhelmed when I threw it on the turntable . Bill Evans ' piano sounded slightly muffled while Chamber 's bass boomed and resonated with little definition . When Coltrane 's tenor came in on ` So What ' it totally obscured and overpowered the rhythm section . What gives?Upon further research , it appears many people believe this to be a homespun ` remaster ' of an existing CD release which was then transferred to vinyl and I have to agree . Since the recording is now in the public domain , this is entirely plausible -LRB- and also explains the absence of the original cover art -RRB- . I 've been unable to track down any info about `` Jazz Wax Records '' , which should probably tell you something.While not unlistenable , I can only see buying this record as a curiosity . If you are looking to experience something close to the original record , this release will leave you disappointed .
 Most people know what is included in this box set so I wo n't get into details on that . The hardback book is great , the six 8x10 photos are nice , and the blue vinyl is outstanding!So why two stars?Both cds and the dvd are scratched beyond belief because of the horrible packaging . The record and discs are both held in the record gatefold . Opening the gatefold , the inside left side is designed like the back of the record jacket and the record is held in that side of the gatefold . On the right hand inside are three slits in the cardboard that hold the discs . The bottom half of the discs slide into the cardboard while the top half is exposed . I cringed when I saw this . Taking all three discs out as carefully as I could , all three have deep scratches on them . To get discs in this quality from a brand new $ 75 + set is not right . No care was taken into protecting these discs at all.This is probably going to be a common problem so I hope Sony will give out replacement discs but you 'll still have to keep them in seperate jewel cases if you want to keep them protected from damage .
 Ok , sports fans ! After hearing so many glowing reviews of this album and hearing it referred to as possibly the greatest jazz album ever made , I felt compelled to write this . It was about 20 years ago that I first heard this album , and found it to be boring . Everything is about the same tempo . I found Mr. Davis ' playing to be laughable at best . Finally , it 's irritating ; and confusing that so many people laud it . DO NOT buy this album as a primer for jazz . It is very misleading to hail this as the ultimate representation of an art form that has had far superior accounts of itself . If any musician showed up on a gig sounding the way Davis did on this album , they would be fired in a heartbeat ! If you want to learn jazz , start with Louis Armstrong , Charlie Parker , and Duke Ellington . I give `` Kind of Blue '' one star for Cannonball Adderly 's and Bill Evans ' efforts . Otherwise , it is feces hailed as something good-and it is with great effort that I 've edited myself !
 Amazon becomes less customer friendly all the time . Give us some help
 how can someone enjoy the horn when all through EVERY song this constant bass thumping , boom boo boo boom boom boo boom boo boom boom boom boo boo boom STUPID!that is a stand up bass thats doing that , right ? or is it my uneducated jazz earsNow Sketches of Spain CD . thats what its all about . some bass , but its minimal and in the background , not dominating the songs
 Kind Of Blue is adequate at best . It has no feel , no mood and no form . I do not see what the hype is . Its pretty basic . When I want to hear real jazz , I will just play my Kenny G 's Greatest Hits . Know there is a sax player .
 I am sorry but this is WACK . Want some good jazz music ? Listen to some 50 cent or Jessica Simpson and you hear REAL jazz on the masterpieces they made , well it 's probebly all sampled from this album but this is still boring ...
 I was handed Kind of Blue and was told , `` this will cd will change your life '' . I 'm a die hard Louis Armstrong , Bix Beiderbeck , etc. fan , but I could n't grow to like this album.I thought maybe I needed to listen to the cd for a couple times to even begin to understand its sophistication or importance , but finally I gave up , and said this is not for me.I am not meaning to diminish the quality of this cd , for it appears that many hold it up high , but for me it was less than adequate .
 Maybe I got a bad copy , but the BUZZING and HISSING throughtout this CD was so bad that I could n't listen to it . This in spite of a sticker on the jewel box proclaiming
 As others have said - This is an incredible box set , but the method of packaging the DVD and CDs is horrible . All of my CD 's and the DVD are scratched and my Disc 1 wo n't play track 6 due to the scratches.I do hope Sony will provide replacement discs .
 Two discs approximately 45 minutes in length each . Standard plastic double jewel case . The 2 page booklet contains several paragraphs on the period when this album was recorded , and about half a page on the mono version of this album . Specifically that Columbia Records released both a mono and stereo version of the album , and the mono tapes were subsequently lost/discarded . But the notes do n't say specifically what source was used for this edition-LP ? Listening with good headphones , this is a vinyl album used as the transfer medium-if the mono tapes are long gone , what else could it be ? It 's an okay pressing/source as far as vinyl goes-but it is a vinyl source , so beware . And I do hear what sounds like sonic anomalies beginning at 4-5 minutes on the first track -LRB- and occasionally after that -RRB- of the mono version . There 's also slight differences in all track timings between the mono and stereo versions , which is n't unusual . The 2 `` stars '' is for the less than perfect sound -LRB- especially -RRB- on the mono disc -LRB- taken from an okay vinyl source -RRB- - you may rate this album lower-to each his own . This is probably closer to 2-2 1/2 `` stars '' . But the music itself is unassailable-a classic album of music.The mono version seems a bit fuller , while the stereo version seems a bit brighter . Perhaps that 's because of the separation in stereo gives an openness to the sound . Perhaps it 's because if this is truly the `` original '' album-with uncorrected speed -LRB- the notes do n't make it expressly clear -RRB- it causes the horns to sound a bit brighter than they should . Listening to the Sony/Columbia Deluxe Edition of this album , the stereo sound -LRB- adjusting for volume -RRB- , does n't seem to be much different from this release . The mono version -LRB- allowing for a low quality source -RRB- is full , clean and warm , but it lacks that open punch . Sound is so subjective that it 's probably wise to hear this release yourself . But if the slight `` clicks '' I hear , or the less than great overall vinyl source put you off , you may want to pass on this edition . But if not , I know , another edition of this album around the house . But to hear this album in -LRB- less than good -RRB- monaural sound , and the low price , makes this worth considering purchasing . But I wish someone would release a good mono version of this album from a better -LRB- good -RRB- source.Not much else to say about this seminal album . Most people , even non-jazz fans , have either heard portions of and/or own this album . This is a nice , neat package , making it easy to hear both the mono and stereo versions back to back . Plus it 's pretty cool to have both `` original '' versions at your fingertips I suppose . Just know what you 're getting before you purchase this . If good sound is a great concern-pass this by .
 Had to return my box set cause three discs are in the same manner slipped half way into cardboard that leaves a scratch across which makes it impossible to play . Too bad dvd is n't included in the Kind of blue Legacy Edition
 There is a reason this recording is the best selling jazz album of all time . The music is magical - I loved it when I was a teenager in the early 70 's -LRB- despite being a `` rock '' fan -RRB- , and it 's still special 35 years later . I highly recommend getting the pure CD format.This disc is not a pure CD - it is a special new format called DualDisc , with `` CD Audio '' * on one side , and DVD video content and 5.1 audio on the other side . Seems like a great idea , a great way to get people to buy CD 's instead of downloading them . NOT ! Notice that asterisk next to `` CD Audio '' ? There is a warning on the outside of the disk that it does not comply with the strict CD-Audio format , and it may not play on some CD or DVD players . If that was the only problem with this disc I say fine - the risk is worth the possible reward.But no . Despite the added content of the DualDisc format with various extras , the DualDisc format is treacherous , very treacherous . If you want to play this `` CD '' -LRB- DualDisc - CD side -RRB- on a computer , on a Windows machine it installs a small hidden piece of software on your machine altering the driver for your CD or DVD drive reducing the CD/DVD 's functionality . I have not yet been able to reverse the damage this disc has done to my machine 's software despite reading many posts about methods to do this . I never agreed to any software installation -LRB- I never would have -RRB- , and yet my CD/DVD drives have lost the ability to do DMA . And to add insult to injury , the DualDisc - CD side will not play on my computer - I can not even listen to it where I spend many hours a day . Outrageous . I 've wasted so much time on this DualDisc that I have n't had the time to watch the DVD side content . Unbelievable that I paid for this abuse - this is the way the publisher Sony/BMG - Columbia treats a legitimate customer ? I do n't have enough words to describe my loathing for the purveyors of this current DualDisc product . This DualDisc seems to violate the first rule of customer relations - `` treat your customers with respect . ''
 Let me first point out that this project was ambitious enough , that the music is still great after 50 years.But what could this box set have been , when it was done with the ambition to make all errors from the past up?So why did Sony/Columbia NOT give us the entire , uncut and complete studiosequences , with all tracks in the order they were recorded , and all false starts and studio chatter?It really does NOT make sense to release the tracks , and after that only a selection of the studio chatter and false starts.There is no connection between what was happening in the studio and the music , and that 's why you give this studio chatter , etc. , for in the first place.This Special Edition is compiled for true collectors of Miles ' music and lovers of this great record `` Kind of Blue '' . These collectors and lovers have , you might expect , already one , maybe more releases of the album at home.So they are looking for something they do n't have , and hope that all the errors and mysteries are solved with this release.From the several Japanese releases we know that it is possible to release the complete two sessions as they were recorded in 1959 , so why did Sony NOT release those?The most interesting music of the other recordings during that time was most certainly the television broadcast `` The Sound of Miles Davis '' recorded between the two sessions of Kind of Blue.Certainly `` So What '' of these sessions is the most interesting track , since here we can hear how this fine track sounds with pianist Wynton Kelly , instead of Bill Evans , and Cannonball Adderley -LRB- who was ill -RRB- replaced by three trombones.This track is much more interesting than the version of `` So What '' recorded much later in Amsterdam . -LRB- and I am from the Netherlands -RRB- . Why give us a blue vinyl record in this box set?It 's only a gimmick that was already done before , but NOT for real collector 's . The poster is most certainly intented for those who are still having a room full of popstars hanging around , and the material on the DVD was also already released completely.That leaves only the book , and to be honest the book is nice , has great pictures , but has several errors and leaves so many questions open.Questions about : - The speed error of side A. - The mix up about the switch of the tracks on Side B. - The correct recordingdata , and why that was corrected by Sony in the first place on The Master Sound Edition of 1992 by Amy Herot.I think Columbia Legacy has something to explain . Because in 1992 the recording date for the second session was changed to April 6 , 1959 . Mind you the first time we got `` corrected speed '' . - Who wrote what of `` Kind of Blue '' ? We all know that the liner notes from Bill Evans are not correct , but did nobody see there are two handwritings on the original handwritten liners of Bill?He left the titles out , and when Macero took over from Towsend and asked Miles for it , he gave the wrong titles!Why ? Because Bill Evans wrote all the sketches , and maybe he also wrote all music , and inveted the titles , including that of the record , also.Problem with all those questions and books around Miles and Kind of Blue
 Only after plunking down $ 15 , I discovered this package contains disappointingly duplicitous supplemental material.I bought this issue for two reasons
 This is a dual disc with a nearly standard resolution mix -LRB- 16bit@48KHz -RRB- deliberately published by Sony -LRB- the creator with Philips of the SACD ! -RRB- to infringe the Dual Disc reputation . Dual Disc itself is not good or bad
 It is important to note that this particular CD version WILL NOT PLAY on a computer or a stereo that is not SACD-compatible , whatever that means . Who 's system is SACD-compatible , anyway ? Nothing against the music it contains ... have n't been able to listen to the recording because it wo n't play on any of my systems ! Save yourself the time and hassle and buy the * regular * CD version , and avoid this version .
 WOW !! I 'm sure that there has got to be lots of music lovers like me who just dont see the attraction here . I tried three times to get with this disc , but all it does is make my eyelids heavy . Not terrible music , but nothing to rave about either - simply this music is lullabye stuff that conjures up a serenity which is great for unwinding , but not so great if your impulse is to stay awake . Sorry if I offend , but this is my honest opinion of this .
 After a smacking allocation of misty hornious spooky teeth like accords , the whole projects collapses in a devasted submarinistic garden of hollow and narrow blow outs . Instead of mystifiing and collapse oriented draw back it enters into the realism of a blossoming prune orchard . That the orchestra manages this garden promenade is more due to their rampant cleansing of this musically main laundry of the decade , than to Mr. Chief Prune of the century .
 I bought this CD for an assignment for a Music Appreciation class . And that tells you what I know about the elements of music that make it good -LRB- or bad -RRB- . My biggest gripe is that I can hear hiss and other noises that could/should have been removed when this was remastered.As for the music itelself , this is what I think of when I hear people talk about Jazz . But it sounds like every small Jazz band I hear at formal events . maybe they 're all coppying this ? But it is pleasant to listen to.Now how do I expand that into 3 + typed pages ?
 Okay - here goes , Now , first of all there is NO ONE that can possibly even doubt Davis ' ability as a player . You listen to ANY OTHER trumpet player then listen to him and you will right a way be able to tell how he has his own unique voice whenever he plays his instrument . It is so different than anyone else , and his soundis INCREDIBLY hard to reproduce , most trumpet players can only dream of having a sound and dynamic control like his . Being able to play stuff like this that is n't just fast lound and flashy , and keep it MUSICAL is true genius . You listen to anything on this cd and it is all GENIUS . It really takes a true genius to come up with the stuff he does . After hearing the album Davis makes it extremely clear the mood he was trying to convey to us because thats what music is ... a language and he definately says something with this album . No matter if you like it or not , NO ONE can disagree thathe does not get what he wants to say said through this album , because Jazz truly is a great artform - where someone like him can actually do something like this and say so much through music . So honestly , whether you as an individual likes it or not does not matter , because this album besides being hailed as the greatest jazz album of all time , and just plain being insanely amazing , is a true statement of Davis ' genius , and this album is truly the greatest piece of art and mastery ever to be created , even though some may not like the music - he gets what he wants said .
 First , let me start off by stating that my field of musical interest and knowledge is Country Blues . By `` Country Blues '' , I mean Blind Willie McTell , Willie Walker , Richard `` Rabbit '' Brown , Charley Patton , Johnny Shines , Memphis Minnie , Son House , Lonnie Johnson , and that man who has already received way too much press at the expense of others , Robert Johnson . As far as Jazz music , I have many recordings by Louis Armstrong , Duke Ellington , Johnny Dodds , Jimmie Noone , Billie Holiday , Django Reinhardt , Coleman Hawkins , and the man whom I consider to be the greatest of the early Jazz composers , Jelly Roll Morton.I have tried , time after time , to listen to John Coltrane 's `` Giant Steps '' and this particular Miles Davis record , `` Kind of Blue '' . Aside from `` Blue In Green '' , there is nothing on this disc that I find of value . Many will surely tear me apart , stating that I know nothing of musical notation , composition or theory , and that Modal Jazz was an extremely important movement or `` discovery '' in Jazz music . However , we are not mathematicians ; we are music fans . There is nothing on this record which I can relate to emotionally , aside from `` Blue In Green '' , which is decent . Nothing on this record even comes remotely close -LRB- and that 's an understatement -RRB- to competing with Louis Armstrong 's `` West End Blues '' , Jelly Roll Morton 's `` Deep Creek '' , Duke Ellington 's `` Black Beauty '' , Django Reinhardt 's `` Minor Swing '' or his version of the standard , `` Moonglow . '' The music on this record is empty of feeling and Davis ' trumpet playing is frankly annoying and irritating . All of the music on this record , aside from , perhaps , `` Blue In Green '' , simply meanders and is only of value to people who spend more time relating to musical theory and the notion of Modal Jazz than to the actual quality of music . I 'd sincerely love to know how listening to this album fills one with a feeling of commiseration or moves one emotionally . To me , this is stone cold boring.I 'd imagine that the majority of people who 'd say that a Country Blues fan has no clue about Modal Jazz would also think that Blues is simplistic music and is inferior to Jazz . To those people , I would direct them to the 1931 recordings of Skip James , various Blind Blake and Blind Lemon Jefferson recordings , the brilliance of the Reverend Gary Davis , the incredible playing displayed by the little-known Willie Walker , the poly-rhythms played by Charley Patton , the slide mastery of Johnny Shines on songs such as `` The Devil 's Daughter '' , and the hypnotic , other-worldly tone of Fred McDowell 's slide playing . After listening to the aforementioned Blues recordings -LRB- the guitar playing , the passionate vocals , and the poetry which Bob Dylan so admires -RRB- , I challenge any champion of `` Kind of Blue '' to tell me that Miles ' exercise in putting people to sleep has the same vitality , sexuality and brilliance of a McDowell , Patton , Skip James , etc.Simply put , this album is atrociously overrated and does not compare at all with New Orleans Jazz or the many great masterpieces by Django Reinhardt . I do not want to hear about Davis and Armstrong not being comparable because their music is so different , because that is simply nonsense . Music is music , and should not be reduced to over-intellectualizing . Even musicologists , who know more about music than we will ever know , were not drawn to Blues , Jazz or any other field of music because they wanted to debate technicalities . Instead , they were shocked and in awe the first time they heard a work by Beethoven or Louis Armstrong , because it gave them a rush , not dissimilar from taking a powerful hallucinogenic drug . In conclusion , avoid this album like the plague , and go out and buy some early Louis Armstrong , anything by Django Reinhardt , or , if you want Jazz recordings with better sound quality -LRB- which do not endlessly meander like Miles Davis ' music does -RRB- , pick up some later-period Coleman Hawkins .
 I like the album , but be wary ... whomever did the remastering should be banned from any other duties in the studio . Distortion , loud hiss , and other unexplained sounds ruin the enjoyment of the album.I recommend you stay away from the `` remastered '' version .
 I am very dissapointed with this DualDisc , because there is no comment -LRB- worning -RRB- about DVD region protection . What can I do with this disc - region 1 , in Europe -LRB- region 2 -RRB- ? My message for Sony Corporation is
 In this inflated rating system , five stars is mediocre and undeserved by this , possibly the most magnificent recording of our century . Art blah blah blah incredible blah blah blah unparalleled ... If you do not own this album , you are indescribably dull-witted and care nothing for your body and soul . Give the thing a thousand stars , and you would still be laughed at on Olympus . -LRB- I have been reading reviews online and have become embittered . Forgive me . But still , listen to this album if you have not . And listen again . And again . Which is to say , possess it . -RRB-
 I know it is a classic and I love miles but he has such better work and this album is way over rated . Do n't get me wrong I love Miles and respect his work .
 I 'm very sorry.Even the cd cover says `` JAZZ MASTERPIECE -- Perhaps the most influential & best-selling jazz record ever made '' . But now that I think about it , I guess that 's not necessarily false advertising , since they did n't actually say it was GOOD.I love many types of jazz . Vince Guaraldi jazz trio style is fantastic . Tommy Emmanuel style smooth jazz is very cool . Jobim style bossa-nova jazz has fantastic chords and movement . I 'll even enjoy some Kenny G on occasion.But this stuff is purely unenjoyable to me . Calling it boring would not be an overstatement . It 's quite repetitious and drony . It lacks a melodic center . It even lacks great solo sections . I 'm really not giving it a `` 1 '' to offset all the `` 5 '' scores . I bought the cd trusting the recommendation of my jazz guitar teacher . Now I 'm about to sell it on Amazon marketplace.Before people counter my review , do n't think I 'm doubting the `` significance '' of this recording in the history of jazz . For some reason that I do n't understand , this recording was apparently foundational to jazz . All I can say , however , is that I still find it worthless.Hope this helps someone .
 This is one of the worst albums I 've ever bought . It 's so boring and lifeless . Good to fall asleep to .
 Ok , sports fans ! After hearing so many glowing reviews of this album and hearing it referred to as possibly the greatest jazz album ever made , I felt compelled to write this . It was about 20 years ago that I first heard this album , and found it to be boring . Everything is about the same tempo . I found Mr. Davis ' playing to be laughable at best . Finally , it 's irritating ; and confusing that so many people laud it . DO NOT buy this album as aprimer for jazz . It is very misleading to hail this as the ultimate representation of an art form that has had far superior accounts of itself . If any musician showed up on a gig sounding the way Davis did on this album , they would be fired in a heartbeat ! If you want to learn jazz , start with Louis Armstrong , Charlie Parker , and Duke Ellington . I give `` Kind of Blue '' one star for Cannonball Adderly 's and Bill Evans ' efforts . Otherwise , it is -LSB- bad work -RSB- hailed as something good-and it is with great effort that I 've edited myself !
 The reason for this album 's eternal appeal lies in its emotional tone.Once its quietism was the perfect reflection of the spiritual Emptiness of the Eisenhower era.Now its boredom , nostalgia and scarcely concealed contempt make it the perfect background music for this narcissistic age of ours .
 This Cd is n't as good as everyones says it is , the solo 's are clear and easy to hear but the group never really play together , it 's no better than ` Milestones and definately less good than ` Miles Smiles ' .
 This is what happens when you have complete control of your music making but do n't actually have any musical ideas . Davis was the epitome of self absorbtion and should be most famous for his opinion that `` white players ca n't play on the beat , they 're always behind it . '' And while apologists like Herbie Hancock might claim Davis did n't turn his back on the audience , `` he was conducting the band . '' It 's kind of hard to conduct when you 're simultaneously playing your trumpet with your eyes closed . Maybe if his music equalled his legend then it would be easier to accept excuses for him .
 I sent it back because it did not play . I am waiting for you to send me another CD and I am not sure where to go to write this message . Please send me another CD . Thank you . Trish
 C'mon , this stuff is a drag ! If you have to ` acquire ' a taste for this stuff , then it has n't hit you right off , which is what great music does . No waiting for the effect ... great music says HELLO !!! ... not ... Shhhhh ... it 's time for sleep ! One reviewer compared this to Dark Side of the Moon , but at least on DSOTM , Pink Floyd had the sense to add the alarm clocks to stir you . Closing time music for the droll and lifeless . One star out of pity !!!
 stay away from this overhyped crap offering from sony , the 5.1 channel mix is dolby digital , no advanced resolution , not even close to dvd audio , and by the way , an inside source at sony told me they pulled the plug on sacd , so much for there hi-res format , sony is like the whiny little brat that couldnt get his way , so they release poor quality crap in hopes of hurting a format that they didnt start . lets just hope that universal stays the course and continues to offer a dvd audio layer on there releases .
 The disks in this box set contain fantastic material . Unfortunately , both the original and the replacement set I received from Amazon contained scratched DVDs & CDs , both contained warped vinyl lps , and on one side of one of the LPs , the stamper had operated off center.Amazon sold this set about $ 30.00 cheaper than anywhere else.My impression is that these were B-stock offers .
 To see these suspiciously-aged ladies jump about on their videos like children was truly hilarious . Music-wise , it is difficult to find the words to describe quite how dreadful this KIDDIE-BAND is . Another appalling corporate band that gives children more useless heroes and floods the charts of good music . Any adult that finds this ` uplifting ' is small-minded to the point of disfunction . Save your money on this trash .
 What have they done for us lately ? Just imagine ; 20 years from now , they 'll be doing the `` has-been '' geek shows with their male counterparts `` The Hansons '' . How embarrasing !
 B * witched is very cutsey-poo . Their songs sound like little girl songs that I would of liked when I was maybe 5 ! They have no real music talent . You ca n't go through life as a singer just because you have a cute , pretty voice . You have to learn how to use it right . Does the word harmony ring a bell ? Okay , Okay , they have some , but not enough , and not good ones . My school chorus has better ones than their 's . Some peope like that type of music , but I know REAL music when I hear it , and this is not real music ! Sorry B * withced , but you 're going down !!!
 Their song `` Cie La Vie '' was good for about the first two weeks but the other songs have almost no point to them .
 Do yourself a favor , do n't get it - I agree , they are 3 year olds
 Is this a bad excuse , or good excuse for bad music ? I think so . . because I have never heard such rubbish of music in my entire life , i mean . . since when do you get four girls that sing like little , how do I say this nicely . . babys ! I agree when people say , hit the road , b witched !
 i mean common ! grow up a little . they sound like 3 year olds prancing around a beautiful garden . their songs are very annoying i dont like them one bit
 BWitch are definitely one of the worst artists in the year . I thought All Saints was bad enough already until i heard BWitch . The vocal is so annoying and weak , and the songs are so shallow and stupid -LRB- eg . rollercoaster , blame it on the weatherman -RRB- . i got this cd on special sale and threw away in the rubbish bin after a few listens .
 I only reccomend this cd to all of those Irish people . Now , I am not against the people that like this CD , but my opinian is that it is totally rude of people to say that B Wicthed are the G Rated version of the Spice Girls . The Spice Girls are much better than B Wicthed . I personally have the CD , not knowing it was this bad , but I think that only one of the songs were ` OK ' - but still ` OK ' is n't good enough . C'est La Vie was the ok one I was talking about . Others like Rollercoaster and stuff were to light to hear . Let me give you some advice . Save your allowence and buy a Britney Spears or Ricky Martin CD rather than the Spice Girl-Wannabes `` B-Wicthed ''
 two words , two syllables ------- SPICE GIRL
 B'Witched needs to make those voices Vanish.The Music is super chessy & who is Writting the songs?this is so bad that they make The Spice Girls Look as though they have Actual Talent .
 The good news
 this cd ... ! Please do n't buy it . My sister loves it and acciendantly put it my cd plyer . Wow this cd stinks then again maybe your into this kind of music . in case you are you should save your money . Download the music or find some other pathetic loser and burn their 's
 This is a really bad POP album .
 Why , why , why , why , why , WHY WOULD YOU BUY THIS ! It is horrible teen pop with no semblance of music . But if you 're reading this , you probably do n't care . I ` mn mostly just trying to bring down that horrible 4-star rating .
 Okay at first I loved this Cd but now I think this is the worst cd I have ever heard personly I would buy Smash Mouth or Britney Spears but I would not spend forteen dollars on this cd
 I thought B * witched could do better than this . It is a real real let-down . All the songs sound the same , they are all too artificial , Keavy throws her voice too much and everything is just too poppy - there is no variety whatsoever . None of the songs make sense , and those that do have very simple , meaningless lyrics -LRB- I mean come on - I 've got a house with windows and doors ? -RRB- . Girls
 Do n't fall under their wicked spell . You will be horrified . They are evil and their songs will make you scream . Please . Listen to me . Do ... not ... buy ... this .
 This cd is a mix between celtic and teeny bopper pop . I thought it would sound neat , but it sounds disgusting ! B * Witched are such perverts ! -LRB- `` i 'll show u mine if u show me yours '' `` i 'll huff puff and blow you away '' -RRB- this cd is just really bad ! How they got 3 number ones in Britain just bulls ** ts me !!!! DO N'T BUY IT PLEASE !
 My rating is somewhere between 2 and 3 stars . 2 , I assume to mean barely tolarble and 3 meaning your average `` okay '' CD . While I bought this CD for a friend , I was subject to listen to it with her the first couple of weeks she had it . Overall , the pinched lead vocals get really annoying after awhile . `` C'est La Vie '' is down right unlistenable after hearing it about 3 times . Even my friend , whom I bought it for , stopped listening to it admitting she 's glad she got it for a gift rather than to have bought it . However , the CD is n't totally horrible . `` Blame It on the Weahterman '' is actually quite nice . That song , plus about 1 or 2 others is the only reason I give this CD any stars . Otherwise , it 's mindless manufactured bubble gum pop that too sweet to tolerate .
 In sixth grade , I probably would 've loved this stuff . They are so amateurish and repetitive , it is hard to endorse as real music . Sounds like bad candy commercials . I 'm really not this mean .
 I hate them !!! They are just so tacky !!! Their music and clothes are so disgusting to the point that it 's not even funny !!! Riverdance rejects .
 Personally , I do n't find the music in the CD , being a very big bubblegum pop fan . I like Hanson better than these 4 girls , -LRB- which is a very big compliment to Hanson ! - not ! -RRB- But what really makes me mad is that people consider them as the G Rated spice girls -LRB- my favorite band in the world -RRB- so I do n't find the comments to thrilling . . all I can say to these 4 little girls trying to make it in the world is - though luck ! -LRB- I very much do reccommend
 It was good . Not excellent . Not brilliant . Not horrible . . just good . The first star is for trying , and the second star is for having a few good tracks . . but even my 2 year old sister hates it . . except the bomb - c'est la vie !
 I liked the CD , but I do n't like B Witched one bit - they sound like 12 year old 's . . Good Job to the CD , loosen up a little B Witched - Thanx !!
 It 's only another bad copy of the Spice Girls . Like All Saints , and other female groups , this is only garbage ... Yes , they will need to bewitch me to buy this cd ...
 My younger brother bought this album when it was first released , do n't ask me why.Bewitched are , high pitched , squeaky and annoying.The four of them must take a dose of helium before they sing a song.It is unfair to other bands out there who are trying to scrape a recording deal and ca n't , and these bands are so much better and more experienced than be-witched ever will be ! In today 's world it is typical for bands such as Bewitched , Five , Boyzone and the Spice Girls to get a recording deal so quickly.This is un-deserved . Bands like Steps ripping of songs such as `` Tragedy '' and making some serious cash!Is ther anyone in their right mind who thinks this is fair ? But Bewitched really do display undeserved success.The sad thing is , is that there is actually a market for these kind of artists , that 's the sad part.A band that display terrible vocals and can not dance for peanuts.Keep your money in your pocket , until you come across something which you can listen to without cringing .
 If you like feeling nauseated , then this CD is for you . The songs are not performed well enough for them to be considered good music . Their voices get annoying pretty quick , too . Listening to B * Witched makes me actually miss the Spice Girls !!!
 My advice is , do n't get this cd
 Annoying squeaky voices , cheesy dance routines -LRB- I shudder to think of Riverdance -RRB- , and the mentally of 8 year olds , B * Witched is possibly the worst pop band yet . Utterly meaningless lyrics and flaky melodies do not make this CD cute or danceable or even listenable for that matter . Hand over the ear plugs because you will certainly need them for these four girls . Oh yeah , and mixing in Celtic jigs for flavor ? No , they 're only degrading it to their teenybopping level . Only the Corrs , okay ?
 B * witched is a spitting image of the Spice Girls.They will go in and will go right out just like the spice Girls too . C'est La Vie is an ok song , but their abnoctious voices sound like they have been inhaling helium for a bit too long . WARNING : After you hear C'est La Vie too many times you may get sick and start talking in a high squeeky voice . So I am warning you
 It s ** ks d ** k !
 this is the biggest piece of f $ # % ing s # $ % I have ever heard made me like the spice girls if that is all possible .
 this Cd is so horrible . i heard it thru their website and it deserves no stars . the lyrics are retarded and do n't mix with the beat of the song . stay in the UK . girls , you do n't belong in America .
 SAVE ME from these happy , peppy songs ! SAVE ME
 Just because pop is the thing right now does n't give record labels the right to sign just anybody ! Just because Keavy and Edele are sisters to Boyzone 's Shane does n't mean they have talent ! Talent is n't always hereditary ! I was excited -LRB- at first -RRB- about this cd ! C'est La Vie was a great song , but OH MY GOSH ! the rest is really bad ! Keavy really is n't a great singer ! And we are n't even given a chance to really hear the other girls ! Sinead seems to have the most talent . Girl if I were you I apply for the open position in the Spice Girls ! B * Witched is nothing but a `` Riding The Success of the Spice Girls '' pop group . Please , ladies !!!!!!
 B * Witched is just another bunch of airhead girls trying to sing some good songs . All they 're trying to do is be just like All Saints . They are so totally lame !
 this cd is not worth the money . the oniy good song is cest la vi
 B * witched are so unbelievably horrible , so apallingly unmusical , so dogmatically insensitve to the magic of of the art that they qualify as crowned heads of anti-music !
 I 'm as open-minded as they come , but when I listened to my friend 's B * Witched CD , I thought about welding shut the hinges to the door of my open mind . Their voices sound so pinched . And it would help if they had decent music and lyrics to make up for where their voices obviously lack . But instead , I get the soundtrack to a Saturday Morning cartoon . However , I felt fair-play . Only a handful of misguided youths + my friend , would by this album and then they 'd dissolve into obscurity where they belong - a VH1 `` Where are They Now '' waiting to happen . But then she told me this CD had gone Platinum ! People , if you 're into Pop . that 's all well and good , but do n't buy this senseless dribble that you 'll only end up selling to a 2nd-hand CD store 2 yrs from now . Feel your CD racks with meaningful pop like Lenny Kravitz , Robbie Williams or The Corrs . I 'd even recommend the Spice Girls any day over this . At least their lyrics remotely make sense and those songs that do n't usually have a decent beat to them .
 BEWICHED LISTEN TO ME YOU WILL NEVER BE LIKE THE SPICE GIRLS SO STOP TRYING TO ACT LIKE THEM !!! THE NAME BEWICHED IS SO F *** IN STUPID IT 'S THE NAME OF A OLD 50 'S SHOW !! IF YOU KEEP ACTING LIKE THIS YOUR GOING TO GET OLD VERY FAST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This CD stinks . I do n't think I have to say much more !
 My sister got this CD for Easter and some of the songs are catchy , but others are just annoying . They are a good group , and good singers . If you like a lot of pop music , then get the CD .
 who would wan na b called `` b * witched '' ? imean , come on!and y is evrey1 saying that they sound like s.g ? -LRB- spice girls -RRB- they sound wwwwaaaayyyy 2 corny 2 sound like theyre the s.g. 's !!!!!
 why r all u people saying that they sound like the s.g 's ? they totaly sound diffrent than s.g !!! and besides , who would wan na be called `` b * witched '' ? ~ i know i wouldnt !
 Ok first thing , no one except the Corrs can pull of celtic pop . Second , this is a horrible album . Almost as bad as Aaron Carter ! but not quite . There is one decent song -LRB- `` To You I Belong '' -RRB- and that 's it ! The rest is crap ! I 've listened to this whole thing beginning to end , and I ca n't say anything good about it except for that one nice song . The reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is that `` To You I Belong '' is an excellent song . Do n't buy this trash album though , resort to the cd-single instead . You 'll thank me for the advice .
 Yeah , they did their goofy little dance under the Big Top before the geek started eating the heads off chickens , but after the Hanson triplets proved P.T. Barnum was right . Wow , how bad can it get ! Their magnus opus , C'EST LA VIE , is catchy in the same way Mountain Dew commercials are . But thats it . Irritating and flat . I 've heard better music in elevators .
 Hey , has anyone found the button for ` zero stars '
 OK , I 'm not a bubblegum pop fan or anything , you 'd probably catch me listening to NIN , but please , you call this music ??? I am a 14 y/o girl so hearing it is inevitable . So I think I can qualify to review this . You call THIS a band ??? Let me blow the pollution away to reveal the truth
 Seriously , this has to be the funniest thing i have seen in ages , a load of girls in their twenties strutting around trying to appeal to eight year olds , its just obscene ! I feel sorry for the familys of bewiched and i feel sorry for the little kiddies that have been sucked in by the corporate giants of this otherwise credible industry.Bwiched , GET A LIFE !
 This cd is great !!! u have to buy it !!!!!!! do n't listen to all the wierd people who say that B * witched are Spice Girl wannabes . I like Spice Girls and all but B * witched are much better . Take it from me !!!!!!
 Is it just me or does no one else notice the numerous pitch problems that occur on this recording ? I applaud the efforts and premise of this production by the producer and performers ; but a concept does not a recording make . The voices often do not blend and the soloists are often amateurish in their renditions of very sophisticated material . This sounds like a benefit night at a local church -- not a CD that cost me -LSB- $ -RSB- There is definitely a market for this concept ; just a little more polished and professionally done , please .
 `` Waking up to you '' is a blatant ripoff of Elliott Smith 's `` Somebody that I used to know '' . I do not believe that they should be profiting from his intellectual property .
 I ordered this sometime last year . It arrived very quickly ; however , I received Madonna 's `` True Blue '' album itself and not the True Blue single , on Blue Vinyl as depicted . I left on a trip and completely forgot to contact the seller that I was not given what was advertised . Unfortunately , this is my fault and I have to live with what I received . Nonetheless , because I received the wrong item , this seller receives ONE star . For the record , the album I received was in good condition , but it 's not what was advertised !!!
 Heard slicker in a bar . liked it
 what an awful production ! A complete mess with dreadful projections , static performance . i could not believe the Scala would put up such a bad show !
 I would never buy this album , one of my ... friends has this and I wanted to check it out to see how ... it was , and guess what ? It was worse than what I expected and that is pretty bad . The production on Care Bears has better tunes than this ...
 Sung in German with no English subtitles , this is the Harry Kupfer production from Dresden 's Semper Opera House . The film was made in 1978 , in what was then East Germany , and makes a hash out of Pushkin 's original story . This version is so heavily cut as to render the storyline almost incomprehensible . Even the best piece in the opera -LRB- the lovely tenor aria from Act III -RRB- is gone ! With its Russian origins so obscured by conventionally schlocky costumes and makeup , one would hope the cinematography would compensate for it . Alas , this is not the case either - most of the camera work is truly hokey . The singers do a good job -LRB- they are identified only at the end -RRB- ; kudos must go to the wonderful Semper orchestra and conductor . This is a video that should interest only the serious student of Russian opera . And , unfortunately , if you do n't speak German , it will go over like a lead balloon .
 Shania Twain 's Up ! is the worst pop/country album I have heard in quite some time . First of all , there are too many tracks , all 19 songs are awful , have terrible lyrics , and cheesy disco music . What was she thinking ? Who said she had a talent for writing and singing . Well I guess her husband thinks she 's the best artist to ever live , Mutt Lange . Songs like I 'm gon na getcha good , I 'm Jealous , and Forever and for Always are just immature and tripe . Her voice has no powerful in it , she 's only famous because she was the first country artist to flash her belly button , so what ! What 's so groundbreaking about that ! This is her worst album , maybe you should change producers than depending on your hubby to do the work for you , I highly DO N'T recommend this garbage !
 Her previous 3 albums were very tastefully done and her songs made much more sense and the lyrics and the videos were not out of hand . UP ! is a disaster waiting to happen first off there are way too many tracks on this album I say the limit is 10 to 12 songs on a album but no more then that . There is just two much material . here . The songs were just stupit and there just unreal . Country music is about being real and her latest video does not look very real at all and even if this is supposed to be pop it 's pretty bad . Double cd 's red and green cd 's and a fluffy album cover the album is just too much . I compare this album to overfilling your dinner plate at a buffet .
 Ugh ! , not UP ! should be the title of the new cd . She 's definitely not the greatest songwriter with lyrics like `` even my skin is acting weird ... I wish that I could grow a beard '' ... wow ... deep . She has a decent enough voice , but she should maybe get songs from some good songwriters . Each song on this cd reminds me of other songs on her past cds , just with slightly different lyrics . Yeah , she 's hot ... so what ? She should also never market her cds under `` country '' as they are anything but . She has said she does n't even like performing . . she 'd rather sit in her castle and `` write '' ...
 38 songs over 2 CDs -LRB- one red/rock mix and one green/acoustic mix -RRB- . It 's a shame to see Shania went the way of Brittney and the lot with pre programed synths , heavy handed Def Leppard mixes and hints of rap / hip hop through out this new release . There is also a hint of a `` blue '' CD which might prove to be the most interesting of all . Still it 's a shame she has left her roots and went for the big bux . Shania Leppard is more like it .
 Bought it cuz liked `` Gon na getcha good . '' But that was the only one I liked ; the rest were comical . Should have released as a single . My 7 year old likes , tho , so not a total loss .
 This album is the worst . She may be a babe , but so what . The music stinks .
 Sorry , but I just had to add one more review -LRB- I hope I 'm not breaking any laws here -RRB- As an extremely disappointed Shania fan - -LRB- I know , thank God there are other artists out there that I can turn to in times like these -RRB- I gave her new album a good go of it , and I ca n't help it-I just do n't care for it at all . In fact , all it does for me is give me a bad headache -LRB- is there such a thing as a good headache ? -RRB- It starts off pretty well -LRB- welcome back Shania ! We have missed you ! -RRB- then . . alas . . gradually declines from there . `` Juanita '' is catchy-actually quite nice , but somehow it just reminds me of Marc Antony -LRB- sp?sorry - but you know who I mean -RRB- And , `` Ka-Ching '' - great title but whaaat is it ? At first it reminded me of a song the Backstreet Boys would sing-and I like them too but jeeez , ca n't you just see Robin Williams and Nathan Lane singing that song for a movie - -LRB- a movie like `` Birdcage '' perhaps ? -RRB- Or , picture a Disney character dancing around singing that song trying to prove a point of some kind or another to another jovial Disney character . Wow . `` UP '' is not the Shania I have come to love . I truly enjoy `` The Woman In Me '' and `` Come On Over '' ... that is where her true talent is , and I know I 'm not the only one who wanted to hear more-in hopes that , that were at all possible - ? I do not recommend `` UP '' . If you do buy it , take some Excedrin first .
 As a country fan , I enjoyed her last 2 or 3 albums . They were very poppish , but had country themes and instruments . With this most recent release , she 's lost all semblance of country and stepped energetically into pop . I wish her luck . But , as a fan of her last few albums , she 's lost me . If you are a country fan that enjoyed Shania , it 's probably best you listen to this album before you buy . My copy is already given away.Wes Y. Keller
 If you want up tempo Shania -LRB- such as `` Rock this Country '' or `` Do n't Impress Me Much '' -RRB- then look else where . When I first played the whole CD I found myself not even really paying attention . It was just back ground music while I was driving.Definitly far from her best !!
 Okay . I 'm going to start with the lyrics . Hilary Duff has more grown up , better lyrics than Shania Twain in this cd . I 'm not expecting great depth in pop music , but the beard part in Up ! , which many people have cited , and just the lyrics in general make me cringe in parts and hope nobody heard me listening to them -LRB- kind of like parts of Hilary Duff 's `` Why Not '' -RRB- . I mean , you would expect that she could have more interesting topics than present in the cd ... I mean , she had a kid , lived in switzerland for a long time . She had 5 years to come up with something interesting.The only reason I 'm giving this 2 stars is because the choruses are remotely catchy for the first 5 seconds , before you hear the same growingly painful lines 3 more times per chorus , and each chorus 5 + times per song . As stated , the country versions are ... bad . They 're just like the pop versions , but the instruments do n't sound as good since the rhythm of the song does n't slow down all that much -LRB- she retains the same lyrics , so the song ca n't slow down much w/o becoming incredibly long -RRB- . Also , the rhymes are just sooo bad . They sound completely forced -- `` All we ever want is more/A lot more than we had before/So take me to the nearest store '' just does n't sound good at all to me -LRB- in my Hilary Duff comparison , I 'd take `` why not take a crazy chance/why not do a crazy dance '' over Twain 's Ka-Ching chorus any day -RRB- . To summarize , Shania Twain has an endlessly repeating babble of poor , simple lyrics w/bad rhyming and choruses that are catchy for the first few times but quickly get old . If you like bubblegum pop at its lowest form -LRB- i.e. worse than mandy moore , early britney spears , etc. -RRB- this album might be for you . Personally , I just ca n't stand the incessant choruses and painful rhymes.P.S . Just because an album sells a lot does n't mean it 's good . I think it 's fair to acknowledge that Shania Twain has a fan base from Come On Over , and most of those fans probably bought this album , disregarding -LRB- p -RRB- reviews of it .
 I ca n't believe she put out an entire album of this junk . Almost every single song sounds the same . She needs to develop a new style of music , because all of her songs are beginning to blend together . She will not define herself as an artist until she can carve out her own niche . I do like her voice , so I hope that she can try something different .
 ... I ca n't believe that it took her five years to come up with this pile of garbage . The music is nothing but a bunch of pre-programmed keyboards . The lyrics are so simple minded , a five year old could write better ! As for the singing , I think Shania could use a few lessons ! I would much rather listen to a c.d. full of Barney songs , than to sit through this c.d. again . Save your money for the aspirin , this c.d. will give you an earache !
 Not a good cd by any means . There is n't a song on this cd that is as good as the worst song on Come On Over . Its -LSB- bad -RSB- !! Did Shania lose her producer ? Or did it take her 10 years to write the songs on Come On Over ? The songs on this CD are not good .
 This was a real disappointment . No quality to her voice and nothing unique about this CD . I would not recommend this CD , but do recommend that Shania find a day job .
 I am normally a big Shania fan but this album has been tough for me to get through , even when I try time and time again . Her voice seems very strained and unbelievably , sometimes is irriating to listen to . I was also disappointed with the quality of the songs - you can only rhyme words like kiss/miss , together/forever so many times and in so many songs . `` Forever and Always '' is a keeper . The others are passable at best , and I think the album would have flopped had it been a debut , instead of her 4th CD . I will give her credit for the issues and song topics , it 's just the melodic qualities were very ... overdone . Definitely a disappointing album , I feel like I wasted my money .
 First of all , let me just say that I have written two reviews for this album , only to have ... say I was attacking Shania . That 's fair , I suppose . But I ca n't help it . This is the worst album of the year and it has sold 3 million copies in two months ? As we all know , sales do n't mean anything . The true test is longevity . The sign of a great or even a good artist is growth and risk taking , which Shania does n't display on this album . Her voice sounds weak , her `` songwriting '' is lame , and the productions are really bad and 80 's garbage . And is she country ? NO !! Even with green version , its clear that she was making a pop album . Just because you throw in a banjo does n't make it country . This album is another example why the music industry is in bad shape . I really feel sorry for the next generation who will never know the power of good music . Avoid this mess and pick up the latest Dolly Parton 's cd .
 If your not yet tired of ms twain , get this cd . Not only do you get the songs in the twangy crap that is country music , but , you also get a pop version of the exact same songs . Where is the creativity ?
 It boggles the mind how gullible consumers are . Repackage a long , long list of songs that have been done over and over again and sell them as new , original recordings . Sorry , but I do n't buy it.There is not anything original -LRB- or good -RRB- about this CD . The notes , the music , the teenager-like , sweet-little-country-girl immature diary-like lyrics , the ` whoops ' , the ` uh-huhs ' , the ` yeah-yeahs ' , the ` baby babys ' ... enough already ! We 've heard this all before Twain.Sex sells . If Twain looked like a wrinkled old curmudgeon , yet had the voice of an angel -LRB- which she does n't -RRB- , she would n't have sold half of what she has brainwashed people into buying so far.This CD makes you want to give up completely on the music business . If someone can release something this banal , sell a ton of records and get away with it , something is seriously wrong in the world.I refuse to be beat over the head with this woman 's amateurish junk music anymore . I would like to thank the person who invented the off switch . It comes in handy whenever Twain appears on the radio and TV.Whenever I think of all the money put into this ` thing ' to make it and buy it , I think of how all that money would have instead gone to one of the world 's problems like homelessness . Then I shake my head .
 The points Shania will score with this album is the value-for-money . 2 CDs of 19 songs each for the price of 1 but really Disc 1 is the Pop version and Disc 2 is the country version . Although supposedly a country artist , the fact that the pop version of the album appears on the first side shows that everything country about this lady is a marketing ploy.Most people would enjoy the songs on disc 1 given its more contemporary and often happy-go-lucky mood . The songs that benefit most from the pop treatment are those that are upbeat and happy with typically inanae lyrics such as the first single I 'm Gon na Getcha Good and the current single Up ! . Both spot upbeat tempos laced delicious sing-a-long chorus in typical Shania style . She sings beautifully but both songs come across as nothing but leftovers from Come On Over . The theme is the same , bad men who do n't stay long enough and getting through on your own without the silly antics of men . Then of course , a man has played an important part in shaping her wonderful career and that 's biggie-producer Robert `` Mutt '' Lange -LRB- who also helped fellow countryman Bryan Adams score a string of hits in the 80 's / 90 's -RRB- . The country disc only interests listeners with the ballads where the subject content is a tad bit more serious . Otherwise , do n't spend time listening to I 'm Gon na Getcha Good or Up here . They merely sound different due to the change in instrumentation.Shania 's formula has n't changed - cheesey songs and a vampish/sexy image , but it proves to be a wise choice cos everyone 's snapping the album up and sales already totalled more than 3 million in the US after 2 months . Unfortunately , on an artistic front , this album is absolutely boring !
 As a linedancer from england -LRB- and a country music fan -RRB- I have to question the companies decision to release the red & blue versions in the uk . why was the green country version not made available to us ? it seems that the record lable has yet again failed to appreciate the impact of country music in the uk and have released a indian -LRB- wolrld music -RRB- version which may proove to be popular in London and the south but is of no interest to those of us living in the freezing north.there are some good tracks on the album in my car being just one but the vocal talents of shania are shown to their best advantage in country based and phrased songs.shania , dump the pop and world stuff and stick to what you are so good at.keep it countryandy
 I became a Shania fan with her last album . This album was quite a disappointment . All the songs sounded the same . It was very boring ... I sold the CD after listening to it only once ... do n't wast your money !
 The concept -LRB- or conceit -RRB- of Twain 's sort-of double album is either quite cynical or remarkably honest , depending on your point of view . In short , she 's released the same album twice , in one `` Red '' pop disc , and another `` Green '' country version . The vocal and backing tracks are identical ; all that 's different is the choice of tacky instrumental ornamentations -- a fiddle & pedal steel here , or a cheesy New Wave-ish synth riff and generic electric guitar fill there ? Post-1990s Nashville has gone so far into N'Sync - ish pop territory that neither version is that far apart from the other ; all Twain has done is point out the by-the-numbers nature of the modern music business . Nobody actually performs a song anymore , they just have studio engineers assemble them like tinker-toys or prefab tract houses . At any rate , this is n't my cup of tea ... I like real , good , old-fashioned hard country -- Hank , Hank , Hank , George , Webb and Loretta -- and all this glossy pop stuff , though apparently all the rage , simply has no soul .
 Shania Twain ? If you look up for the meaning in a dictionary , it would be ` Shania Twain means a female singer with pretty face and terrible voice . Sorry for all her admirers , sometimes the truth is so hard to swallow , is n't it ? I admit that I 've bought her CD just to get her picture in the booklet !!! Her voice is so ... unbearable . Her latest DVD concert with Alison Krauss and the Union Station can prove all my judgement ! Apart from her intolerable voice , her hand movement while singing is also annoying as well . This one star is totally coming from her ` just a pretty face '
 Sorry to say but i am extremely disappointed with this album . With the sucess of The Woman in Me and Come on Over , I was really expecting something great from Shania . This album basically sucks . THere are really no good songs on this album and her voice is very annoying to listen to . THe only song i like is Up . It 's catchy and upbeat but the rest is excruciating to listen . My advice is to avoid this album and wait for her next one to come out . Hopefully it will be a lot better .
 What has happened to Shania Twain ? Her past works were soooooooo good and this one is so awful!I tried the old keep listening it will grow on you approach ; it did n't ! It merely got on my nerves even more!The Cd is way over-produced the vocals grating and the music blaring.I listened with dismay as I realised the real Shania was gone and now she was a mindless Mutt Lange fabrication.Take my advice and do n't spend your hard earned money on this partially worthless piece of crap . I 've already sold my copy!For something tender , something real , something pure buy Sherrie Austin Streets Of Heaven instead !!!!!!!!!!
 Except for two really nice songs -LRB- ` Forever and for always ' and ` When you kiss me ' -RRB- and two bearable songs -LRB- ` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good ' and Ka-Ching ! -RRB- this CD consists of a cacophony of horrible melodies , -LRB- that is if you really want to call this music ` melodious ' -RRB- , and a mumble jumble of badly written lyrics and at the lack of that , winded Yeas and Oohs.It is hard to believe that this is the same lady who brought us ` The woman in me ' and ` Come on over ' . This CD should be added to the US military 's physiological warfare arsenal . I 'm sure they could have beaten the Iraq republican guard into submission by playing this CD to them twice in succession.Need I say more ... ?
 im a shania fan but this was too pop ... she tried waaaay to hard to be a pop artist ... the only half decent song was `` UP ! '' ... and the country version -LSB- disc 2 -RSB- of the cd was horribly fake ! i like pop but this was terrible for her , she needs to go back to her cd `` come on over '' NOW !
 As -LRB- I 'm sure -RRB- MANY others , I had been anxiously waiting to hear Shania 's new CD 's / tapes / albums-what have you :--RRB- , and ordered them as soon as I heard . Having practically WORN OUT `` Come On Over '' -LRB- International Version -RRB- and `` The Woman In Me '' I was definitely ready for some new tunes expecting , perhaps , similiar spunk , enthusiam and fun lyrics . I know she wanted to try something new , but what is this ? I am giving it a good shot-have listened to the pop version a couple of times , yet I have n't even tried the Country version-am kind of afraid to at this point :-O I just do n't like it-it lacks the same crisp , clean-just plain fun that Shania has become famous for-practically all of the songs sound the same-too many muddled up words and repetitive arrangements-with the exception of `` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good '' , and `` Juanita '' . `` Ka-Ching '' is fun.It just sounds like she was just getting through it-not really enjoying herself.Her voice sounds very strained in `` C'est La Vie '' - I like the song-but ... it 's just not what I expected to hear from a singer who had established her own individual and unique style with some very fun-and , some meaningful and beautiful `` ballads '' - too , if you will , that are so great to hear , and sing along with . I 'm not sure where she is is going with this one .
 I 'm a fan of Shania Twain but this CD was really dissapointing . It has only one good song -LRB- I 'm gon na get you -RRB- and the rest have lyrics that either do n't make sense or are just plain boring/stupid . I should have listened to the bad reviews and not bought it .
 This album is by far her worst album to date . I expected it to be so much better , especially since it took so long for it to come out . The Women in Me and Come On Over are full of hit songs that you can listen to over and over again . However , with this album most of the songs are just plain annoying and unbearable to listen to . Whats with the two discs ? The country and Pop ones basically sound the same . It 's pretty silly and lame that there are two different discs . ANyways , it Should have been better . I expect a lot more from Shania on her next album .
 First of all , if you want true country music look elsewhere . The only reason I could see for Shania to release these CD 's is for money making purposes because she has obviously already recorded her best material . Songs like `` From This Moment On '' are not about to be topped . As far as her other `` catchy little tunes '' from her other albums , they have just been rehashed on this album and it has become tiresome ! She has n't evolved one bit ! I do find her lyrics a little hypocrital too when she relys so HEAVILY on her appearance to sell her cd 's and concert tickets .
 Most songs sound the same , and you get two versions of each of them ! Save your money !!!
 Anyone who honestly believes that Shania Twain is n't completely Robert John `` Mutt '' Lange 's creation may be interested in a bridge in Brooklyn I have to sell . `` Up ! '' , the latest Twain/Lange `` collaboration '' , is just another confirmation of this.Lange 's production work is among the most recognizable in music . He 's not very original , but he can create hooks with the best of them . Def Leppard was his first huge success -- all it took was a little melody in otherwise generic metal tunes mixed with big production . But when they rebelled against his control-freak ways , he moved on to people like Bryan Adams and Michael Bolton . Then he found Eilleen Edwards -- gorgeous , ambitious and malleable . Garth Brooks was making a name for himself by applying rock production to country music . Lange had often toyed with the idea of producing a country artist , believing that country was the last bastion of pure pop music left.And as fast as you could say Trilby , Eilleen Edwards was transformed into the glamorous , billion-selling Shania Twain , whose records always sound like what Def Leppard would have sounded like if the band had been fronted by a woman and Steve Clark played the pedal steel . `` Up ! '' is certainly no exception . Keep in mind that Lange was born in South Africa and lived mostly in England , neither of which are booming country music hotbeds . Just the song titles alone -- `` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good ! '' and `` It Only Hurts When I 'm Breathing , '' among others -- indicate that time-honored country outsider belief that a punny title and some fiddle is all you need to make a country song . I have heard people complain about Shania 's cliche-filled lyrics , but Lange is no great poet either , and I suspect he does the lion 's share of the writing . Shania is just a gorgeous , well-dressed mouthpiece whose voice is different enough to get attention . Since it 's relatively easy to be thought of as an innovator in country and the songs are catchy enough to grab a pop fan 's ear , it 's no surprise Shania is such a massive success . What will eventually kill her career , however , is the unrelenting sameness of Lange 's tunes . What was a novelty on `` The Woman In Me '' and pleasant on `` Come On Over '' is getting downright boring on `` Up ! '' , although I will give a nod to the marketing person who came up with the idea of packaging the country and pop versions together . The true test of Shania Twain 's talent will come if and when she ever decides not to work with Lange . Her early pre-Lange stuff is surprisingly listenable , particularly the rock work she did . But since they seem joined at the hip , I guess all the music world will have to look forward to is more synth-pop tunes decked out in a cowboy hat .
 yeah She is a Babe & whatnot but that has nothing too do with the overall product which leaves me feeling kind of empty.Her voice just does n't move me as much as some of Her Previous tracks.this Album feels like Nashville Shine.She is too young & early in her Music Making Career too be Rehashing Material so soon.not a track on this set really stands out for me.More Factory driven than anything else.and the Lyrics are as Bland as most of what is out nowadays .
 This album is full of dredge . Not only is it full of dredge , you get each song -LRB- ? -RRB- in 2 styles . Country and pop . Wow ! She has stamina and charisma , but not on this set . Pass on this one , it is boring !
 I was patiently waiting for this CD to come out -LRB- I bought it at 10:00 at Circuit City the day it came out -RRB- , and I was so disappoined in it . `` I 'm Gon na Get You Good '' is the best song on the CD and it does not make a top ten Shania list . The best thing I can say is , that she does not abandon country like The Dixie Chicks , Leanne Rimes , and Faith Hill did , by at least having two CDs -LRB- One for pop and one for country -RRB- . Between so called country -LRB- Really POP -RRB- , and bluegrass , the female singers of today -LRB- Sherrie Austin excluded -LRB- If you want to listen to REAL country -LRB- And guys if you want to see a beautiful woman , check out her videos -RRB- , this is the female singer to listen to -RRB- have abandoned REAL country to the male singers . I would love to see Shania start to sing some ballads again `` Is There Life After Love '' From `` The Woman In Me '' is beautiful , `` When '' from `` Come On Over '' is brilliantly written with the song sung in the being in the past tense , so she can do it . Does this mean she should turn into Pam Tillis and go from `` Cleopatra Queen Of Denial '' to depressing material ? No not at all , but lets have some more music with heart and feeling . Let me say I am a Shania Twain fan `` I 'm Outta Here '' from `` The Woman In me '' is my all-time favorite song , but I will NEVER again buy a Shania Twain CD without listening first .
 This CD was kind of dissappointing.I could tell it was made to be a hit.It was way too commercial . . I needed somethign with emotions ... feeling ... and just ... something was missing . Not a bad CD but I rather go with Mariah Carey .
 Wow ! I ca n't believe this CD got so many great reviews . Have you been a fan since her first CD ? If you have , I ca n't believe you would love this one so much . I was disappointed and I love Shania . I have all her CD 's . This newest one just does n't have the catchy , fun beats as her previous ones have.No real `` country feel . '' I really loved `` Woman In Me '' and `` Come On Over '' and this does n't come close . I have a feeling that the people who give glowing reviews are big fans of now pop singer Faith Hill , LeeAnn Rimes , and the rest who left country .
 Shania 's album `` Up '' has `` Mutt '' 's 80 's influence all over it and that 's a bad thing . The processed `` Cheez Whiz '' , synthesized 80 's backbeat is found on every track , including the ones that are on the `` country '' CD . The only difference between the country and pop versions of these songs is that he adds gratuitous riffs of slide guitar and a little fiddle , while keeping the cheesy pop , drum machine beat for every song . Finally , the attempt to add other culture 's musical influences to this album consists of `` Mutt '' pressing the flamenco guitar button on the synthesizer for one track and the sitar button on the synthesizer for another track.A word on Shania 's voice . We all know she can actually sing and has some versatility , but it 's nowhere to be found on this CD.This CD is a huge disappointment . Listening to Shania has always been a guilty pleasure , now it just leaves me feeling guilty that I spent the money on the CD in the first place .
 The first two songs are great , but the rest of the CD is completely and totally forgettable . I was disappointed . Shania 's lyrics get more and more mundane with each new album .
 I am a huge Shania fan and must say , I was really let down with her new cd . There was n't one song out of nineteen that was awesome or really caught my attention . It does n't leave you wanting to hear it again . I know it is hard to compete with what she had on her last two cd releases , but this is n't even close at all . It sounds as if she did n't want to sing . Her voice sounds so nasaly and not her full range that was heard before . I have put it aside and hope that the next time I listen it will grow on me , but thus far , no such luck . .
 After waiting five years for this album , my spirits were anything but `` up '' when I finally heard it . Expecting Shania to top `` Come on Over '' would be expecting the impossible , but her longtime fans deserve better than this teenpop-rock hybrid . The album lacks variety , lyrically and instrumentally . After the first two songs , which happen to be the only songs on the cd that I liked , the whole thing starts to sound the same . The lyrics are immature and at times , outright stupid.Her voice is still as lovely as ever , but it is n't enough to save this album . Sorry Shania , Up ! is definately two thumbs down .
 Over Thanksgiving my family bought this CD and listened to it in the van on the way home from a trip . The CD was awful , all of the songs sound almost the same and and do n't live up to Shania 's standard . Excercise caution when buying this CD .
 Why are all these people calling this country ? Everything about this woman is POP - down to the horrid aerobic instructor outfit . It is simply marketed to country MOR listeners.It is bad music , Super cheezy , and the arrangements are nothing more than Bad Pat Benatar riffs . Oooh this is so cheezy I cant even stand this . If you like this music , you are being led on by some NYC / LA A&R ; guy rep with a pinstripe suit and a pony tail . It 's pure filtered corporate cheeze . Put down your Value Meal , stop driving your Tahoe while on the cell phone and Stay Away from this kind of music .
 I 've never quite understood why Shania Twain is as popular as she is . Shania Twain is one of the most bland artists you 'll find anywhere . The media would have you believe that she is some incredible talent , which will make you incredibly disappointed when you hear the CD.What you have here is some really unappealing pop songs -LRB- usually accompanied with a disco beat -RRB- and some really hokey power ballads that went out after Def Leppard 's heyday -LRB- not too surprising , since Shania 's husband produced DL -RRB- . One needs to look no further than the song titles themselves -LRB- Ka-Ching ! , Waiter ! Bring Me Water ! , What A Way To Wan na Be ! - I think Shania is obsessed with exclamation points !!! -RRB- that the listener is in for a banal , mind-numbing experience . And those lyrics ! `` Even my skin is acting weird / I wish that I could grow a beard '' - those words are made even more disturbing knowing that they come from a woman that 's pushing 40 . Also , call me crazy , but does `` C'est La Vie '' sounds like ABBA 's `` Dancing Queen '' with new lyrics , or is it just me ? I 've come to thinking that the only reason Shania is played on country radio is because she sometimes wears a ten-gallon hat.In summary
 I do n't think Shania Twain should really even be considered a country artist anymore . With the exeception of one or two songs , I was VERY disappointed with this CD . Even the country CD is n't really country .
 I have endured listening to all 19 songs on the red disc and frankly i 'm exhausted , and a bit offended . I enjoyed Shania 's previous efforts and defended her against music `` purists '' . Her music was fun , funny and very entertaining . After a promising start this CD turns south at around track five and never stops . I found myself longing for tracks like `` Home Ai n't Where His Heart is Anymore '' or `` Leaving is the Only Way Out '' . It 's like we 're babies and Shania has to keep waving colorful objects in our face or we 'll start crying . I also find it a little insulting and ironic that she feels the need to lecture us on our greed -LRB- Ka-Ching -RRB- and vanity -LRB- What a Way To Wan na Be -RRB- . This coming from the poster child for commercial and physical obsession . Give me a break ! Wake up America and do n't be fooled again !
 I 'm sorry , but how does this garbage sell ?? I guess sales prove nothing , because after listening to this , I could n't believe there were people , adults , who actually loved this.I do n't mind the idea of some light-hearted music , and I did n't expect no Joni Mitchell , but this is just ridiculous.I mean cmon , I admit this cd is catchy at times , but the cheap ,80 's production , and the absolutely atrocious lyrics ruin it for me completely.Ka Ching?Nah?Waiter , bring me water?Honestly did you ever think you 'd live to the day when songs had titles like the ones above.And with all the money , and all the contacts , they 're not able to make it sound like it was even produced in a professional studio.The production is some of the worst I 've ever heard in my life.Shania 's voice is fairly decent , but has no depth , or range , and is n't capable of taking on a different lilt , and we all know that if it was n't for her husband , that Shania would still be stuck in some Northern Ontario Bar.Now , even though I 'm no country fan , I was intrigued by the idea of the same songs , just in country versions.Let me tell you somethin' sweetheart : throwing a little fiddle into the mix does not make music country.It was obviously just a marketing ploy to appeal to her long and forgotten country fans , and to other people like me who were simply curious.This is a tacky , tasteless piece of junk with zero effort or imagination .
 First , let me say that I am into most genres of music out there , except hip-hop . I 'm not some kind of country or pop or rock purist who is unwilling to accept new things.That said , I have to say that this CD is a major disappointment . Shania and Mutt have made twice as big a jump with this album as they did with the last one . Unfortunately , there 's not even one song out of the 19 on this album that even comes close to any of the singles released from her previous two albums.Unfortunately , I think that `` Gon na Getcha '' , the first single released , is probably the best track . The problem is that its only good enough to be a filler track on one of her previous 2 discs.Shania has become well known for her crossover appeal and for pushing the limits on what can still be called `` country . '' Well , nobody is coung to accuse her of having any `` country '' songs on this album , unless the mere inclusion of some overly processed -LRB- or maybe synthesized -RRB- banjo and fiddle automatically qualify you for country.Whenther you listen to the pop or country discs , what you 'll hear is generic blah pop that would n't fly if it were anyone even an already established artist . It 's not good country . It 's not good pop . It 's pretty boring.I 'm sure she 'll sell a few million copies -LRB- if she has n't already -RRB- but I do n't see this album doing nearly as well as her last 2 . I really wanted to like this album , but I ca n't force myself to .
 I like Shania Twain and I believe she is a very talented country singer . I have her previous album -- `` Come on over '' and I really enjoy it , because of shania 's pop country style . `` Up ! '' could be a good CD , if it were n't for its different versions . So , I keep thinking
 I 'm from North Carolina , and I was raised on country music ... as long as I can remember , I 've been a big fan of Shania Twain . Her songs have always been catchy , with amusing lyrics and her beautiful , unique voice . I was greatly anticipating `` Up !! '' , but I was extremely disappointed with what I found . I 've always been told not to mess with success - or `` fix what ai n't broke . '' With this album , Shania clearly tried to fix something that was working wonderfully for her - this CD is of a completely different style than any of her other music . The only songs that I even remotely like are `` Up '' and `` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good . '' The other songs are irritating . If you liked `` Come on Over , '' you 'll probably want to skip this one .
 Okay . I 'm going to start with the lyrics . Hilary Duff has more grown up , better lyrics than Shania Twain in this cd . I 'm not expecting great depth in pop music , but the beard part in Up ! , which many people have cited , and just the lyrics in general make me cringe in parts and hope nobody heard me listening to them -LRB- kind of like parts of Hilary Duff 's `` Why Not '' -RRB- . I mean , you would expect that she could have more interesting topics than present in the cd ... I mean , she had a kid , lived in switzerland for a long time . She had 5 years to come up with something interesting.The only reason I 'm giving this 2 stars is because the choruses are remotely catchy for the first 5 seconds , before you hear the same growingly painful lines 3 more times per chorus , and each chorus 5 + times per song . As stated , the country versions are ... bad . They 're just like the pop versions , but the instruments do n't sound as good since the rhythm of the song does n't slow down all that much -LRB- she retains the same lyrics , so the song ca n't slow down much w/o becoming incredibly long -RRB- . Also , the rhymes are just sooo bad . They sound completely forced -- `` All we ever want is more/A lot more than we had before/So take me to the nearest store '' just does n't sound good at all to me -LRB- in my Hilary Duff comparison , I 'd take `` why not take a crazy chance/why not do a crazy dance '' over Twain 's Ka-Ching chorus any day -RRB- . To summarize , Shania Twain has an endlessly repeating babble of poor , simple lyrics w/bad rhyming and choruses that are catchy for the first few times but quickly get old . If you like bubblegum pop at its lowest form -LRB- i.e. worse than mandy moore , early britney spears , etc. -RRB- this album might be for you . Personally , I just ca n't stand the incessant choruses and painful rhymes.P.S . Just because an album sells a lot does n't mean it 's good . I think it 's fair to acknowledge that Shania Twain has a fan base from Come On Over , and most of those fans probably bought this album , disregarding -LRB- p -RRB- reviews of it .
 Prior to the release of `` Up ! '' i considered Shania Twain one of , if not my favorite artist . `` Come on Over '' and `` The Woman In Me '' were truly special , and she seemed to have the ability to sing/write about fun and serious material . However in this album , she writes only about fluff . For example , one of her songs is called `` Ka-Ching '' and starts with a cash register sound effect . She then goes on to say how we spend too much money . Furthermore , although I give her props for trying to appeal to a broader audience , I think she should just make up her mind - pop or country . And what 's with the eastern/Indian-influence music ? I find two cd 's with 19 tracks each an overwhelming amount of music to listen to - and the 2 cd 's pretty much sound the same anyway . What she claims is `` country music '' is simply fiddles in the background - nothing else , not even the vocal style changes in the slightest . After waiting 4 years for a next release , I feel like she could have come out with something deeper and more mature . The lyrics sound like bubblegum pop that a thirteen year old , not a thirty year old , should sing . She should either go back to country or move more mainstream , but not try to hang on to both , because to me , neither are working .
 Shania 's fourth MCA release , `` Up ! '' , is an unabashed all-out marketing assault . The 19 songs on this album -LRB- 38 , if you count the fact that there are two versions - pop and country - of each -RRB- are designed to generate a dozen singles in both markets . But that 's only the beginning . Many of the songs are arranged to target a specific demographic . Others are made exclusively to appeal to a specific country in the international market . And the ones that do n't will have a custom remix - by Mutt Lange 's edict - to satisfy every individual taste in the world . Even the first video , with its anime-inspired themes , is a direct strike on the Japanese pocketbook.This obsession with beating the album sales record in one fell swoop has hurt the music itself . There 's no sonic or thematic cohesion , no art , no originality . Many of the tracks sound virtually identical to the biggest hits on `` Come On Over '' and the rest sound like stuff from the 70s and 80s -LRB- Mutt 's glory days -RRB- . Seriously , can anyone deny that `` C'est la Vie '' is Abba 's `` Dancing Queen '' in new dress?I used to discount the Svengali stories that came out of their producer/husband relationship as mere jealousy , but I ca n't any more . Shania herself has been very -LRB- almost naively -RRB- honest about all of it in recent print and TV interviews . Their romance began because he was the first producer to listen to songs she 'd written and then use them . Now he listens to them and tells her , `` That wo n't sell . Shut it . -LRB- This is a direct quote from Shania in her ` Time ' interview -RRB- , '' then tells her to go back and write simple-minded , upbeat lyrics for the masses . And it is horribly apparent on this CD.Shania seems to be overly-ambitious enough to play along but she is also transparently torn by her career path . Deep down , she 's an insecure orphan of poverty who 's always waiting for the next shoe to drop . This colors her best songwriting . Unfortunately , it also keeps her clinging to the Man With the Midas Touch . And as long as he 's calling the shots , we 'll never hear those heartfelt songs again .
 As a lifelong fan of Shania I was eagerly awaiting the new album UP ! As a dedicated fan I bought the album on the first day of its release in the UK . What a disappointment ... I did have reservations about the different versions , as I have experienced a similar dilemma with the previous Come On Over album . People in the US are probably unaware that this album is also available in different versions . I have the US Country version , which is far better than the pop version distributed in the UK . I 'm sorry if I appear to have digressed from the UP ! album review but all will be revealed ... please read on!On purchasing the UP album I checked the version , ` International Version ' , great ! I must be getting the pop and country versions . Wrong ! , I got the pop version and a pathetic pop + version . -LRB- red/blue -RRB- . On reading the insert I discover that a green country version is available to download from Shania 's website , great I thought ! Unfortunately there are only a couple of tracks available . I would need to order a US import of the CD to get the format I wanted , more money , more expense ! I find it very interesting that Shania felt the need to produce multiple versions to satisfy the diverse fan base , as indicated in her reasoning on the CD insert . Shania should have realized that her fan base , young and old enjoyed her original Country style i.e ` Woman in Me'Ok lets discuss the songs ... I love the single ` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good ! ' , ` Juanita ' , ` Forever and For Always ' , ` C'est La Vie ' and ` Waiter , Bring Me Water ! ' . So why am I so disappointed with the album ? Given Shania 's immense talent this is a very average album and many true fans will be very disappointed ! , -LRB- my parents and friends were -RRB- . UK fans who have enjoyed the pop Shania they 've been exposed to in the UK may well enjoy the album ... but they most certainly have n't heard the best of Shania i.e. ` Woman in Me ' US Country version.To conclude , I hope Shania goes back to Nashville and rediscovers the magic within her early music and give this back to her true fans .
 Very good album for Pop music fans . Horrible for Country fans .
 but catchy only because the same synthesized drum hooks are used in every song - i will give her kudos for including pop and country takes on each song , but what good does that really do ? they all still sound the exact same ! what happened to the pop/country tinged catchiness of * come on over * ? for my money that is the better cd when discussing pop cross-over ability.i did miss shania - i think she puts out fun music - but this CD is a disappointment -
 Although most of the reviews I 've read on this CD are overwhelmingly positive , I was really disappointed . Besides the first single `` I 'm gon na getcha good '' and the ballad `` it only hurts when I 'm breathing '' , there is not much that could be expected to get airplay . I do n't mind the fact that her lyrics lack substance , but they do n't have the rhythms and arrangements to make up for it either . Some of the songs , especially `` she 's not just a pretty face '' just plain hurt to listen to they 're so bad . Whatever you do , do n't expect anything close to her last CD , which had plenty of material to get stuck in your head for days . Go buy Faith Hill 's Cry instead , which is one of the best CD 's of the year out of the twenty something I 've bought this year .
 Shania deserves respect for what she has brought to country music - making it accessible to so many who otherwise would have passed it over . She has had a profound effect on a segment of the music industry that is very resistant to change.Her talent is real , she 's not just a babe who sings . Involved in all aspects of the music-making process from start to finish - writing , singing , playing , etc , she brings a unique quality to her work . To top it off , she is warm and friendly , and her down-to-earth demeanour does n't appear to be put-on . But this album is c.r.a.p.Overproduced , whiny-voiced , badly arranged , no depth whatsoever.Sounds like a girl and a synthesizer .
 This is a case of a beautiful , energetic , and talented performer with a very mediocre album . Some of the songs are very catchy and have a good beat but there is little substance here . I guess grandpa was right when he said today 's music is targeted for teenage kids .
 my girlfriend loves shania so she asked me to critique this . i should never have bothered . this is not music to me . she is NOT country and this is mediocre pop so what are we left with ?!? the first cd had such upbeat catchy hooks that make you want to jump out of your seat and boogie . the first cd was shania that started out country and then turned country upside down by flavoring it with melody and a popiness that made it great . this is all missing . not gone but sorely lacking.the pop cd is just blah , to me . it is so flat that i was bored . the country cd was drifitng , not quite contry and not quite anything else . the best use for this cd was to own this cd as an aid to get down a girl 's pants -LRB- worked for me -RRB- but as for the music it is uninspiring and boring and i would seek out greeener pastures elsewhere .
 I expected a lot more from Shania with her talents . But this CD is bad , 1 star was 1 too many . I can give her this , there is 1 good song on the CD , I 'm gon na get you good - That 's it . I really ca n't beleive I wasted my money on this.It does n't have the the flare that we 've come to expected and enjoy from Shania Twain .
 Shania seems to have rushed this one together . Most of the `` band '' is synthesized . The songs sound mostly alike with similar rhythms and sounds . I was very disappointed .
 As a lifelong fan of Shania I was eagerly awaiting the new album UP ! What a disappointment ... I did have reservations about the different versions . On purchasing the UP album I checked the version , ` International Version ' , great ! I must be getting the pop and country versions . Wrong ! , I got the pop version and a pathetic world version . -LRB- red/blue -RRB- . . I would need to order a US import of the CD to get the format I wanted -LRB- green version -RRB- , more money , more expense ! I find it very interesting that Shania felt the need to produce multiple versions to satisfy the diverse fan base , as indicated in her reasoning on the CD insert . Shania should have realized that her fan base young and old enjoyed her original Country style i.e ` Woman in Me'Ok lets discuss the songs ... I love the single ` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good ! ' , ` Juanita ' , ` Forever and For Always ' , ` C'est La Vie ' and ` Waiter , Bring Me Water ! ' . So why am I so disappointed with the album ? Given Shania 's immense talent this is a very average album and many true fans will be very disappointed ! , -LRB- my parents and friends were -RRB- . If you enjoyed the pop Shania you 've been exposed to in the UK/US you may well enjoy the album ... but you most certainly have n't heard the best of Shania i.e. ` Come On Over ' US Country version.To conclude , I hope Shania goes back to Nashville and rediscover the magic within her early music and give this back to her true fans .
 All false fatties will be destroyed in the nether-fire ! `` Burn the weak-kneed virgins , cast them beneath our anvils of God 's almighty wrath , spurn the cheeky venom from their faces flushed-a-rose with hatred immortal -- nay witches of the night , unite ! Ohh , Ohh , I love your smile ! `` The burning chaos of truth , syrum-like revealed , reviled , irrefuted for all ages in a chorus as sick as this : `` Oh , twisted-throated nubile nymph , do not to thy tortured wisp of feigned recognizances . 'T is a dagger unspurned that hast cleft thy unfrettled gruntbuggly in twain , oh ! Ohh , Ohh , Aiieee you so fine , y' all ! You so fine , y' all ! Y' all Y' all Y' all . `` Yes , Shania is truly the best singer . Keep it real , soul sistah !
 I 'm not a big fan of country music , but I do like Shania . I have to admit I am very disappointed in this CD - both CD 's are really bad . I do n't know what she was thinking . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this CD or listen to it before you purchase it .
 Shania releases her battalion of 19 songs and yet this CD fails to impress.Simple , fabricated pop tunes more akin to Britney Spears than a grown , mature woman.Ok Shania is far from over the hill ; in fact she 's a raving beauty but how much more beautiful would she be if she acted her age?These songs might appeal to teeny boppers finding music for the first time but for people who have grown serious about music this CD is pretty close to junk.It 's amazing how she can release 2 versions when they both sound nearly identical.A few songs on here sound like weak imitations from Come On Over which is n't necessarily a bad thing but the rest of the CD is over the top fluff with very bad titles ... Waiter Bring Me Water indeed!Mutt Lang has always wanted to make the perfect pop album , it 's a shame he tried to do it with Shania -LRB- who I actually feel has talent -RRB- . In other words Lang failed misearably.Going through most of the songs would be a waste of time.Suffice to say this CD is for people with a tin ear .
 I bought this CD because I am a Shania Twain fan . I was very disapointed with it . It was the worst of all her CD 's so far . I thought it was horrible and lacked creativity . It was very boring too . The only good songs on it are I 'm Gon na Getcha Good and It Only Hurts When I 'm Breathing .
 Is n't she fine , still ... But denifinetly not her best work . Most tracks sound similar to previously released material.She is the finest woman in country music -LRB- Faith Hill # 2 -RRB- but her new music is out of the top 10 in my book .
 Yes , as so many reviews have already said , Shania Twain is beautiful . That said , if it were a DVD there may be some redeeeming value to this music . However , with endless songs sounding the same in both the country and pop versions , this CD is an absolute bomb . Why the two stars ?? My wife loves Shania Twain , and in deference to her taste I recognize this album must in some way be better than I think it is . However , 2 stars is twice the rating that I think it deserves .
 Of the ninteen tracks only three sounded like the Shania I 've followed through the years . Up , I 'm Gon na Get You Good and When You Kiss Me are the only tracks I felt were Shania 's . If allowed to give advise leave the baby sitting to Mutt and you get back to the States so maybe you can get in touch with your original fan base . In addition , leave Rock and Roll alone maybe you like listening to it but your not Rock and Roll you are and always will be Pop-Country its what you know and its what you do best . Thank God there were two CD 's because at least I felt like I got my money 's worth . I hope for your sake the sales of this CD proves me wrong but personnally your next CD will have to prove it 's self before I buy it . I hope you can do some great Video 's to save `` UP '' because I think it should be `` OUT '' . A word of advise do n't lose touch with what made you so good it 's easy to forget that you fought hard to get a break but now that as you said in an interview `` your have everything '' maybe except the desire your once showed .
 Here we go again -- another pseudo-country creation by the queen of mediocre pop sex symbols herself . And is it any surprise when listening to this `` work of genius '' that the album deals with the same cliched , sugarcoated themes Shania has assaulted `` country '' radio with over the last several years ? One can make a definite case for the fact that Up could quite possibly be her last blockbuster album Come on Over played backwards . The song titles alone are enough to make one cringe -- as if `` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good '' was n't bad enough , the music world is also being tortured by tunes with such creative titles as `` Nah , '' `` Ka-ching , '' and the highly contradictory `` She 's Not Just a Pretty Face '' -LRB- if there is more to women than their appearances , would someone please explain why super-thin Shania is pictured on the album cover in a torn t-shirt ? -RRB- . One thing 's for sure -- if she 's going to write her own songs , Shania should at least attempt to craft lyrics of her own . Fans of Lucinda Williams will note that the words of `` I 'm Jealous '' bear a striking resemblence to those of a song on Williams ' 2001 album , Essence . Shania , I beg you . I implore you . Please stop sullying the image of country music with your interchangable songs and hardly original themes . Then again , what exactly IS country about Shania anyway ?
 The much-anticipated fourth album from the greatest country-pop crossover in recent history , ` Up ' suddenly does n't live up to its great expectations.Shania 's first album , the self-titled one , may have been a showcase of her voice instead of her songwriting abilities , but it was fairly good , for a country album . Then came her greatest album to date , ` The Woman In Me , ' which sold more than any other female country album ever -- until ` Come On Over ' came along . While Shania had finally achieved her goal of becoming bigger than Garth Brookes , she really had done it by selling pop remixes of her songs.And that brings us to ` Up , ' which , like ` Come On Over , ' does n't do much to convince us Shania 's got the voice , and will often make you cringe with its meaningless , tacky lyrics . ` Up ' does nothing but prove that Shania is still The Queen Of Cheese . She was better represented by the heartfelt ballads and/or the soaring upbeats of 1995 's ` The Woman In Me . ' `` Nah ! '' is probably the best song on the album , but you 'll like it more if you 're a fan of teen pop than country , rock , or even ` crossover country . ' At least Faith Hill -LRB- the woman who , unfortunately , was pegged as a Shania-wannabe -RRB- has a new album that makes her voice sound magnificent -- and does n't feature idiotic , pointless , and poorly-written lyrics , because , though at times catchy , ` Up ' is just a piece of crap .
 For those of who are n't aware of them , let me explain the `` CanCon '' laws . Here in Canada , radio statios must , by law , have a certain percentage of `` Canadian Content '' in their playlists . The idea is , that , since radio stations are often owned by American corporations , they will play only American music and Canadian artists will not receive any exposure.The idea is fine in concept , but the problem is is that radio stations only play mainstream Canadian music , which is mostly indistinguishable from mainstream American music . But occasionally , we get an artist like Bryan Adams , that is both distinctly Canadian ... and distinctively awful . And no artist is more loathsome and awful than pop/country princess Shania Twain.I do n't know who told Shania that she could sing , that she could write music , or that she should ever involve herself in the music industry at all , but it 's safe to say that the worst punishment thought up by man would be too good for them . No other artist 's works have inspired such disgust and revulsion within me as Shania , and folks , that is NOT hyperbole . I do n't hate her because I hate country music , or because she 's popular . I hate her because her music is so mind-bogglingly irritating , so utterly godawful that , if there is a Hell , and I 'm going there , then the devil will make me listen to her music for all eternity . Shania Twain is my anathema . `` Up ! '' -LRB- should have been called `` Ugh ! '' -RRB- is divided into two discs , the first `` Red '' disc is pure pop music , the second `` Green '' disc has the same songs as the `` Red '' disc but done in a country style . At least Twain is honest ; she 's always stradled the boundry between country and pop , leaning definately towards pop later in her career . Indeed , the two-disc format is a unintentionally hilarious indictment of just how similar pop music and the `` Nashville Sound '' have become to one another . The music on `` Up ! '' is pure assembly line ... no originality , no artistic creativity , just made-for-radio drivel . The whole album reeks of being studio-processed and carefully assembled to ensure that no originality whatsoever slipped inside by accident.And Shania 's voice ... my god ... the voice ! Not all the technology of NASA could improve this woman 's voice . There are not enough words in the English language -LRB- or any language , for that matter -RRB- to describe the effect that hearing words spewed through her malodorous maw have upon an individual . Imagine , if you will , every simile , every turn of phrase , that can be used to describe bad singing . `` Like nails on a chalkboard ... , `` like strangling a cat ... , '' `` like slaughtering a cow ... '' Every one of those could be used to describe Shania 's vocals . Listening to her lazy , crooning bleating on the chorus of `` Forever and For Always '' makes me yearn for the sound of a dentist 's drill , or perhaps a bawling child . She 's that bad . The best parts of `` Up ! '' were when she kept her mouth shut , which sadly were few and far between.The awful vocals , however , certainly are n't helped by the utterly stupid lyrics . `` Up ! '' is filled with sickeningly mawkish sentimentality , not helped in the slighest by horridly forced rhymes . `` Even my skin is acting weird / I wish that I could grow a beard ? '' This is gibberish , not songwriting . Since when did country music start becoming nothing but sappy , maudlin ballads ? Country Music is a genre deeply reviled and loathed by many , and has a totally undeserved negative reputation , no doubt the result of Shania Twain and her ilk . Let us never speak of her again .
 but where would she be without her looks ? Her previous music was hardly country , but only the lame country audiences could bear to listen to her music . The `` country versions '' here do sound more like country - pretty gross . At least it 's more tolerable than some wimpy , whiney country dude bellowing in some hick voice . Do n't people who sing in country accents realize they sound uneducated ? The `` pop '' stuff is even more gross . Yes , I actually did listen to this album -LRB- as much as I could tolerate -RRB- . What 's the deal with the title `` UP , '' the third major album with that title in just a few years ? R.E.M. got it first and that should 've been the end of it . Peter Gabriel recently released his `` Up , '' -LRB- and it hardly fits the music -RRB- but he has some silly need to name his albums with two letter words and choices are limited . Does n't Shania have people working for her that pay attention to what 's going on in the world ?
 I alway want to go to your show but they are all gone I love you Shania Twain.I need to see you Shania I wish I can go but I ca n't you are so nice to people I love your music Shania Twain I was born in Ontario to I love to talk to you my e-mail is super_star_natasha@hotmail.com
 i have listen to the cd once so far and its all i can stand , i ca n't believe how bad this cd actually is , i would not recommend it to anyone . I wish i could return my copy .
 The lyrics are hokie . The quality of this CD is `` slapped together . '' It 's as if NO effort was put in to the lyrics , etc. . Waste of money !
 Shania Twain made a country crossover milestone with her 2nd album `` Come On Over '' which was all written and produced by one of pop rocks greatest producers & song writers `` Mutt lange '' . Mutt just so happens to also be Shania 's husband at the time and now x husband . I guess with high expectations to top themselves Mutt & Shania just did n't make UP ! a winner . Instead it just seems like every song is trying so hard to be something and falls short . She tries so hard to create pop perfection and it just does n't work . This album is nothing compared to `` Come On Over '' and i can see why she has n't done an album since this mess fest . With her pending divorce i doubt Shania will ever be on top the way she was before . Her husband is beyond talented as a musical artist and without that marriage or union i doubt she will be able to find another hit maker to churn out the hits for her .
 It amazes me that people consider Shania a great singer . Good maybe - great no . However , if Shania finds another songwriting partner/producer there may be hope for her . This album is a rehash of everything else she and Mutt have done on their last 2 albums only the lyrics are even worse . The country and pop versions of each song is just a cheap attempt to dominate the music scene . If you want something refreshing -LRB- and country -RRB- buy Shania 's first album where she actually had to sing .
 Is Shania serious ? After listening to this waste of recording time , I was left frazzled and utterly speechless . I must be fair . After listening to her first single `` I 'm Gon na Getcha Good '' I should have been wary . However , I had no idea that the whole album would be this bad !!! I would n't even give this album a single star if I could , thats how terrible it is.Shania is a skilled artist , I 'll give you that . She has the ability to craft wonderful pieces of music that stay in your mind . You 're constantly humming them at work , when you 're working out , when you 're watching TV ... whenever ! However , Shania really loses that skill with her latest album . On ` Up ! ' Shania and her husband seem to merely find words that rhyme and stick them together . Case in point
 Being a big Shania Twain fan , I rushed out and boughther new CD Up ! as soon as it was released.This CD is a big disappointment compared to herother last two CDs.The whole CD seems to so overly calculated to be a commercialsuccess that in the process it loses it 's soul.First , every song has a country mix and a pop mix -LRB- to make sure that every demographic market is covered -RRB- which ends up making all of the musical arrangements sound sterile . How can every song be good as a pop and a country songwithout sounding contrived ? There are no gems like `` From this Moment '' or other good ballads as found on earlier CDs.This CD trys to be everything to everyone and in the processsays nothing . Some of this material is really weak such as Waiter ! Bring Me Water ! The vocals sound like she is just going through the motions.Up ! proves that no matter how big of an international star you are that it all comes down to the songwriting in the end . Maybe next time her and `` Mutt '' will concentrate more on the songs and less on all of the alternative mixes.My advice , pick up the new Dixie Chicks CD ifwant something with some soul .
 I asked for this album for Christmas last year and I am so dissapointed that I got it ! There are a few good songs , yes , but , the whole 2 sets of every song is a crock ! They are exactly the same vocals and arranged music with the exeption of the electric guitar on the red disc and the steel guitar on the green one . So much for spreading her wings . If you like Shania , buy come on over and burn a few songs off this one from a friend who got suckered into buying it .
 Shania is on a downward slope . The two version of the CD packaged together are a good deal , but I wish the matial was stronger .
 This album is pitiful . The sound is the same and the lyrics are weak . It is OVER PRODUCED . By this I mean that , if Shania just sang her songs , it would be better-without all the fancy computerized `` Mutt Lange '' side affects . You would think after a 5 yr hiatus that this album would be her best -- not so . I was a big Shania fan , but this album and her new rock/star - `` hip-hop '' image is , well , sad . There are a few really crappy songs , ie . `` Waiter , Bring me water , '' about a guy with a roving eye . Possibly this is just some guy trying to look away from Shania'a `` new image ! '' Come on now ! However , some songs are ok , such as UP ! . Finally , the song about greediness really had me thinking-Why is Shania complaining about people spending their own cash , when she has this $ $ making idea of 3 versions of UP ! for her fans to buy ?? Possibly to add an addition to her 100 room Swiss Chateau ?? Think about it !!! To sum it up , some songs ARE good , do n't get me wrong . Buy her music is the same , just different lyrics , her new image is somewhat odd . My advice is to burn the CD from a friend !
 There are about four songs that are good . The rest seem to sit there like a bump on a log . The songs seem to have no direction ... Up certainly is n't one of them . There is a lot of pointless blather ... lyrically and musically.The production is really good , though . My hat of to Mutt ... again.To Shania 's credit , the vocals are right on and very good . I just did n't think the material was very strong.SpidrVII
 Overall I 'm not a great country music lover but Shania 's voice and upbeat music had appealed to me when she was trying to make herself known a few years back . I had purchased one of her earlier CDs -LRB- which was good -RRB- . Expecting that Shania grew better with experience and after her prolonged hiatus , I readily purchased her new release . WHAT A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT !!!! My 11 year old neice could have written better lyrics , the music sounds the same throughout and is obviously written for a ho-hum audience . She must be getting prepared for writing CD 's for her own children ! It 's all bubble-gum music geared towards teeny-boppers ! And ... TWO CDS !!! Whoopee !!! They both sound the same - country and pop ? My co-worker also bought this album and he feels the same way . This CD is going into the garbage . Only good thing is I did n't pay full price ... got it on sale ... - what a waste of my hard earned money . Shania should be ashamed of herself - selling on her name and not backing it with substance . She should get her writing and composition abilities renewed - or at least tweeked and remember she is supposed to be a high caliber artist these days !
 I just want to start by saying that I have loved Shania and her music for as long as I can remember - I think she is a total goddess . After listening to `` Come On Over '' and `` The Woman In Me '' countless times , I could n't wait for her new cd to come out . However when I bought the cd , I was bitterly dissappointed . First I would like to say that to put 19 songs on the album is a bit excessive - and 38 songs -LRB- yes , 19 x 2 -RRB- is an overwhelming amount to listen to . Although some of the songs are catchy -LRB- namely the first 5 tracks -RRB- , the subject matter is so rediculous I feel embarrassed singing along , let alone listening to it to begin with . I can understand if she is sick of singing about love and relationships , but please . The following are lyrics from In My Car -LRB- I 'll Be the Driver -RRB-
 I used to be a huge fan of Shania , but this cd absolutely blows . I ca n't figure out why everyone seems to like it so much . Every song sounds the same , and her voice sounds much more nasal than it used to . The songs are all extremely annoying , and the lyrics are the worst lyrics I 've ever heard . Why does her shirt that she wears for the cover and liner notes have holes all over it ? And why are her hands behind her head in every photograph ? Her music has gone way down hill . This is one of the worst cds i 've ever heard .
 What exactly is it that makes people like Shania Twain ? Is it the anti-male lyrics -LRB- ` That Do n't Impress Me Much ' -RRB- , the double standards -LRB- ` Any Man of Mine ' -RRB- or the hypocrisy -LRB- ` What a Way To Wan na Be ' -RRB- ? I have listened to Shania 's `` music '' since 1997 -LRB- because her producer husband has enough money to get her gobs of radio airplay -RRB- , and I have craved insulin shots ever since then . Well , Rolling Stone 's cover had the heading ` Shania Knows What You Want ' , but it should have been titled
 I got this CD as soon as I possibly could since I liked many of the songs on her previous album , Come On Over . This new CD disappointed me from the first track onto the end of the CD , following much of the same formula as the other country releases by artists like Faith Hill . The lyrics do n't seem crafted as well , the ballads are missing on the CD , and some of the songs meant to be funny come off as just plain mish-mash and flat out lacking . It 's a mixture of traditional country and pop lyrics , a combination that 's bound to be missing through and through . I 'm hoping her next album whenever it comes out will enhance upon some of the major points of Come On Over that made her famous , the stunning lyrics but also the variety on the CD from pure country to slow country ballads . For a person liking Come On Over , do n't expect the same on Up ! and for traditional country fans , do n't expect pure pop either ... this CD seems to fit no genre and lacks in lyrical strength as well ... a disappointment from an extremely talented artist .
 The bad part about this CD is that she only has 1 really good song , Soak Up The Sun . All of her other songs are well , boring and stupid . Another thing is that her Soak Up the Sun song is everywhere ! It 's getting kind of annoying.Bottom Line
 Sheryl Crow is a lightweight talent best when she 's pushing herself . Her best songs limn the Hollywood ennui that 's her lot in life as a product of the L.A. celebrity crash 'n' burn . She came up through the ranks , triumphed , and has no intention of sliding back down . On C'mon , C'mon she trades the depth of The Globe Sessions for a sunny surface that 's catchy yet ultimately empty . Let 's give her credit though - going through a rough patch in her life , she refused to wallow in her misery , hoping to transform it by immersing in the uptempo . Rock and rollers have kept the blues away for years by confronting them with fierce music that , by its very nature , refuses to settle for depression . But forcing happiness usually leaves you with whimsy , leaden whimsy . And these 13 tracks fall straight from the top of the Hollywood sign with a thud .
 Ms.Crowe is nothing more than an imitator and opportunist . She hitches a ride on any train that will offer her fame . Never has this been more obvious than on this CD . She stole the title from Mary Chapin Carpenter 's far superior effort . Even this CD 's artwork is nearly identical to k.d.lang 's Invincible Summer , another far superior effort . And I am not even addressing the recycled pop hooks littered throughout . People may be buying into this , but it is time they saw her and her music for what it is and is not . Her own .
 She was a headliner in the beginning of her career , but lately she has n't been up to the standards that she showcased with her first material . Over time her work became less and less noticed and her albums began to flop . In an attempt to regain control of her spiraling fame , she began to market her videos and songs to a younger audience , by appearing on MTV & VH1 in exotic areas for music videos and wearing next to nothing at award shows . However that may help her gain a fan basis , but it does n't make the actual music any better , and like the previous ones before it , Crow 's newest material continues to disappoint.The album 's first single `` Soak up the Sun '' is one of those tracks that you have to be in the mood to listen to . Its an OK track , but it does n't flow through well . `` Steve McQueen '' , `` You 're an Original '' , `` Safe and Sound '' and the title track are all atrocious and easily Crow 's worst material to date . However on a brighter side , the album is n't a complete waste . The more trl-ready songs like `` Diamond Road '' & `` Its So Easy '' are high points on the album , and through the failure , are the two sure fire picks as favorites and hopefully the next two singles . The album 's attempts at ballads , `` Its Only Love '' & `` Abilene '' are n't the worst thing on here , but they are n't good either . I felt like crying when I listened to `` Hole in my Pocket '' , because if this is what artists can pass off as music today , then I guess that I will have to keep on some old school material.Overall , Crow put in one of the worst if not the worst albums of her long spanning career . Only loyal fans will purchase the album , and she wo n't gain any new loyal ones . Basically it comes down to who has the most loyal fans in the long run , because the artists that do make a great deal of money and can get a certified platinum or gold plaque . Crow however continues to lose these fans , and that is why her albums continue to lose sales .
 I 've tried . Lord knows I 've tried . But this cd just blows . I ca n't decide if it 's the music or the lyrics . Or could it be both ? Sheryl usually rocks my world , but this time out she just fell flat . Maybe turning 40 is n't all t hat cool afterall .
 Sheryl got better and better with each album , finally blowing my mind with `` The Globe Sessions . '' She was * not * the pop queen everyone seems to want to make her out to be . Her true talent lay in folk & blues songwriting , for which her voice is uniquely suited.This album ... this album was written by a completely different woman , and it sounds like it was written hurriedly to satisfy a contract obligation . There 's no real soul in this album . Following up with that horrid Kid Rock duet did n't restore my faith in her any , either.If you want to know the real Sheryl Crow , get `` Tuesday Night Music Club , '' `` Sheryl Crow , '' or `` The Globe Sessions . '' They 're infinitely better .
 I was always a fan of Sheryl Crow . She had good taste , she worked hard and , above all , wanted a musical evolution . In this record you can expect a kind of `` sell out music '' -LRB- the first single tells it all -RRB- . I never expected Sheryl Crow to become a such `` teenager commercial '' , almost like the pseudo-pop songs of Britney Spears . Only good to children with less than 17 years old ...
 I am a big fan of Sheryl Crow - but for some reason no album she 's done as been as good as `` Tuesday Night Music Club . '' This one is incredibly boring and redundant . All of the songs sound the same . Good background music , I suppose .
 If you loved Sheryl 's last two CDs like I did and highly anticipated her latest release , you are in for a huge disappointment.On the way home from buying the CD in a local store , I perused through the tracks in my car only to find a CD comprised of mostly flat , monotonous rhythm and elementary lyrics that are a bore.If a CD could be returned for lack of artistic originality , I would have turned immediately around and taken it back to the store for a refund .
 I love Sheryl Crow , really I do . However , I feel like this is the weakest album of her catalog so far . Not to say it 's a bad album , but it runs out of steam quickly . The first five tracks are easily five of the six best -LRB- she does save a gem for us at the end with Weather Channel -RRB- . Here is more of a fun album instead of a labor of love . Sheryl brings her famous friends to guest , such as Lenny Kravitz , Don Henley and Stevie Nicks . However , Sheryl seems to do her best work on her own , just listen to the self-titled album and The Globe Sessions.From a sales standpoint , this album thrusted Sheryl back onto the A-list after middling sales for Globe Sessions , but if you listen to the two albums , you 'll notice that this album does n't have half the heart the predecessor does . Luckily , she has redeemed herself with Wildflower in my book , although some might consider that album too mellow.Sheryl has some great tracks here , and a few that are the most commercial she 's ever done , but if you just want one Sheryl CD that is n't a compilation , this is the last one I 'd recommend , it 's way too mediocre for her talents .
 Es una lastima anunciar que La Sheryl Crow de `` My Favorite Mistake '' Y del Disco THE GLOBE SESSIONS , Se vendio al pop mas infraganti y meloso como melcocha de mascar . Ya no sabemos si fue por influjo de tocar en los Mtv Video music awards o para sacar mas billete . Ujule ... Ya nomas le falta un cover a `` I 'm a slave for you '' o que toque con Onda Vaselina o Justin Timberlake.Lastima .
 Sheryl Crow , in a desperate attempt to recapture her old fan base , hits the gym , dons a halter top , poses for nearly nude photos in a men 's magazine , and releases the most flimsy CD of her fun but inconsequential career . Crow ca n't even perform these songs live -- her incredibly lame appearance on `` Late Night with Carson Daly '' proved she ca n't even reach the notes on her own tunes -LRB- Crow sings flat live CONSTANTLY -RRB- . Crow is n't much of an artist anymore , and she 's desperately trying to cling on to her celebrity . What a shame ... it 's like watching your grandfather fall down a flight of stairs -- you ca n't stop it , but you knew in your heart it was inevitable .
 I 've always had a strange relationship with Sheryl Crow.I remember digging her 1993 debut , `` Tuesday Night Music Club '' , with it 's glossy yet strangely compelling pop-rock tunes.But her next two albums -LRB- ' 96s Sheryl Crow and ' 98s The Globe Sessions -RRB- were high on nice hooks and good ideas but low on actually realized songs.But I still semi-liked her.But I shall say that Sheryl never really got on my nerves but she just struck me as an artist that would do anything to keep her name out there ... Maybe I had a point after giving Sheryl 's long-awaited fourth disc , `` C'Mon C'Mon '' a whirl.Like some other reviewers noted , Ms. Crow sounds a little amatuerish and insecure on here.Such duds as the simple-minded `` Steve McQueen '' -LRB- armed with a clunky hook and predictible chords -RRB- , the I 'm - deseprate-for-a-hit , VH1-aimed firstsingle `` Soak In The Sun '' , the so bland it hurts `` You 're An Original '' -LRB- my boy Lenny Kravitz could n't even save this one ! -RRB- , and `` Safe and Sound '' do n't sound done by a veteran peformer that 's seen her share of struggle.But rather by a dippy,success-starved upstart.Sheryl seems above such middle of the road material as this.And my intial assertment that Sheryl would do almost anything to stay afloat in today 's -LRB- mindless -RRB- music scene 's seems pretty correct on `` C'Mon C'Mon '' . The fourty something Crow dresses up like an aging Britney Spears in the album 's photography -LRB- adorned in tight jeans and bikinis ; nice to look at but this is the same women who asserts one track `` All our pop stars look like porn '' -RRB- and an attempt to keep folks intrested Keith Richards , Lenny Kravitz , Emmylou Harris , Natalie Maines -LRB- Dixie Chicks -RRB- , Kid Rock , Stevie Nicks , Scott Weiland , Don Henley , Gwyneth Paltrow -LRB- YES ! Gwyneth Paltrow ! -RRB- , Liz Phair , and Kravitz guitarist Craig Ross all appear on `` C'Mon C'Mon '' . So what 's the matter Sheryl ? Scared no one finds you intresting enough to just check out your records just to hear YOU ? Awkward poses like this make you wonder why such a seasoned pro as Crow is resorting to such predictible , record company tactics.But that 's the pop world in 2002 : baffling , dull , and pointless.But I suspected better for Sheryl.She actually has talent . -LRB- That 's not a requirement in today 's mainstream music -RRB- . I guess our strange musical relationship continues ...
 Ok , first off I am a huge fan of Sheryl Crow -LRB- or at least WAS -RRB- . I own her albums and play them frequently . So , when I heard she had a new release , I was right there purchasing it . I should have left the shrink wrap on because it was not only a huge disappointment , it left me wondering at exactly what point did Crow decide to transform herself into Britney Spears or some other wanna-be ? This album is hideous . While Crow has never been one for profound lyrics , the songs on this album sound like a child wrote them . Self-serving , sappy , jingle-like tunes are the end result and this is by far one of the worst albums I have ever encountered . During the entire album , you can almost picture Crow hamming it up at the microphone , trying to sound like a teen success story . The whole experience leaves you wondering `` What happened ? '' I mean are you kidding ? If you have n't bought it , do n't . If you have , then my advice is to burn it or use it as a coaster . It does n't even deserve one star .
 I 've been a fan of Sheryl 's music ever since she came out with her smash album TUSEDAY NIGHT MUSIC CLUB . She had a knack for creating some fun , catchy pop/rock treats with a quick wit and some irony attached . Sadly it seems like Sheryl threw out all of her charm for this bland C'MON , C'MON . After the toe-tapping `` soak up the sun '' I could n't wait to get my hands on C'MON , C'MON but the rest of this CD really struggles.After `` soak up the sun '' it all goes downhill . The lyrics , production . . just everything . When I first listened to this CD I was very surprised as to how watered-down Sheryl seems . Do n't be fooled by the sunny photos and the sunny first single . C'MON , C'MON is Sheryl 's most depressing work yet . She states in `` steve mcqueen '' that she wants to `` rock & roll the party '' but she does n't . C'MON , C'MON is mostly loaded with depressing mid-tempo ballads . Sheryl Crow lost all of her wit and charm with this lame CD .1 . Steve McQueen 2/52 . Soak Up The Sun 5/53 . You 're An Original 3/54 . Diamond Road 2/55 . It 's So Easy 3/56 . C'Mon , C'Mon 3/57 . Safe & Sound 1/58 . Over You 2/59 . Hole In My Pocket 3/510 . Abilene 1/511 . Lucky Kid 1/512 . It 's Only Love 2/513 . Weather Channel 1/5
 Blech ! Drivel ! Such nice reviews in the papers , such a shoddy album .
 The title says it all . A lousy album . Sheryl Crow is a poor songwriter and even a worse singer . She has no deph , no originality and her vocal range is bad . The songs on this album are so american -LRB- No offense -RRB- . A Duet with Don Henley and then bacups by Tom Petty and that god awful Stevie Nicks -LRB- except for the rumors material -RRB- . Sheryl Crow is just so uninteresting in my humble opnion and so is her music .
 I did n't really enjoy this cd at all . I ended up selling my cd . None of the songs were really that good ...
 this one is just a few notches below other cd 's of hers that i love -LRB- globe sessions , tues. . . -RRB- . she just does n't seem as `` into it '' and the songs all sound alike . also , her voice is a bit different and i do n't like it .
 This album has been heralded as the `` cheerful counterpart '' to Ms. Crow 's eponymous second album . Cheerful as it may be , a counterpart it is not . Witless and utterly lacking Crow 's trademark irony , I can not warn too strongly against the purchase of this album.Perhaps this album suffers from over-collaboration . With guest appearances by Lenny Kravitz , Don Henley , and Stevie Nicks -LRB- among others -RRB- , this album seems like a bad Sheryl Crow-tribute album , with Crow making a half-hearted imitation of and appearance as herself . All this resulting in a bizarre mixture of pop culture antecedents , with some of the songs sounding like bad Beatles redux or like the tremendously strange song `` Lucky Kid , '' particularly odd since it sounds nearly identical to `` Paranoid '' by Shirley Manson and her band `` Garbage . `` Admittedly , Sheryl Crow 's albums are never consummate masterpieces , this can be overlooked , especially considering her numerous songwriting credits from `` If It Makes You Happy '' to `` My Favorite Mistake . '' One can even overlook the fact that she nearly butchered Bob Dylan 's `` Mississippi '' on 1998 's _ Globe Sessions _ , but this current offering is beyond all reasonable condonation . Her second album -LRB- _ Sheryl Crow _ -RRB- remains her strongest effort to date .
 sheryl crow keep your mouth shut . your hot and all but damn this commercial bus you call music is the worst . your way to hollywood anyway . it sounds like you wrote a soundtrack for and old navy commercial . im sorry your to old to be on mtv so just write something that means something to you so the people that do buy it enjoy it , do n't write music that youll trick some airhead teenager into buying and haveing no connection to it . boooo
 I am not impressed at all with her last few works of embarrassment . I hope she retires soon . She 's a home wrecker and a bad example to the human race .
 i like soak up the sun and it 's so easybut other are terrible to mesorry
 Sheryl Crow has no real talent - what she is good at iscreating songs from other artists . I think she probalyspent alot of time listening to Stevie Nicks music andcopied her sound . She is such a no talent . You listen toher music and then say why did I buy this . I have re soldall of my Sheryl Crow CD 's because you want to buy thembut after a few listens you hate them . I will give her creditfor ripping off Stevie Nicks style . She could ` nt be originalif she tried . She is all hype -- why does everyone want her ontheir CD 's . She did do one good thing-produce Stevie Nicks `` Trouble IN Shangrila '' CD - but then she pretended she wasStevie . C'mon C ' mon is her worst CD . It is terrible and fromthe looks of her recent sales she will soon be a has been.Sheryl you made alot of money ripping off Stevie Nicks
 i think sheryl crow should retire now that she is worried about her being middle-aged . none of the songs are worth a penny on here but `` Weather Channel '' . It 's a fairly decent song . Anyways , do n't waste your money on a woman who is paranoid and singing so yuck ! Buy Madonna 's ` Music ' . Now that 's a woman who is n't paranoid about how old she is , she does everything well , and she 's getting better with age !
 I ca n't believe this woman has a recording contract . Her songs alter between bland and uninteresting to unbelievably irritating . My introduction to `` The Crow '' was that simply awful `` All I Want To Do Is Have Some Fun '' song which really set the tone for how creatively inept she is . Last year I had the pleasure of attending my first Rolling Stones concert , which was almost perfect . For some odd reason , The Crow opened up . We timed our pre-concert dining almost perfectly so that we would miss her entire set . As we walked through the parking lot , unfortunately we could hear `` If It Makes You Happy '' which is probably in the Top 10 list of worst songs ever written . We overlooked this small annoyance , and looked forward to what was almost a perfect Rolling Stones concert . Almost . During their classic hit , `` Honky Tonk Women , '' The Crow came out and sang it with them . She managed to ruin a really good song for me . I want this woman and her bad music out of my life !!!!!!!!! Incidentally , I know everybody reading this will give me an `` unhelpful '' vote because that seems to be the case on Amazon . If you agree with the review , you say it is helpful . People do n't seem to realize that they are not asking whether you like the review or agree with it . Morons . No wonder you listen to Sheryl Crow .
 If you have bought one of her cds you have bought them all . She is past boring . Beside she is unamerican and pro iraq . Dont support her .
 This album is a snore ! This is a woman that is too stupid to realize that even after 9/11 that war was declared on the United States . She would rather the US be attacked again so she can write some sorry song about it instead of being proactive in protecting itself . A weak album from a misguided person !
 I loved `` Sheryl Crow '' and `` The Globe Sessions '' . I excused her lackluster live album because I thought , `` no one ever sounds that great out of the studio . '' I was totally psyched for c'mon , c'mon , I could hardly wait to tear open the CD wrapper . When I popped it in and heard `` Steve MacQueen '' , I thought that it was going to be her normal , awesome stuff . Then , the already-boring `` Soak Up the Sun '' was next , so I skipped through to track three , in suspense about what would come next . `` You 're an Original '' was so-so . `` Safe and Sound '' was good , but I figured it would be one of the slowest songs on her album . Then , THE REST . Everything sounded exactly the SAME ! I was very dissapointed with the quality of this album . I realize that this was a tough three years personally for her , and her depressing music certainly reflects that . What is even radio-worthy ? `` Lucky Kid '' was pretty cool , but nothing I 'd like to listen to over and over again . Sorry , Sheryl , i 'm still a fan , but BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME .
 I 've been a longtime fan of Sheryl Crow ... but this CD is much like her very first demo album -LRB- which was never released , but can be found in bootleg and online -RRB- -- it is hackneyed mainstream pop . There 's no lyrical or musical complexity here . It might be a little catchy in places , but it seems that Crow is just aching for a `` hit '' ... not art . I was so happy to hear she had a new album out , and really bummed when I heard it . I think this will win her some fans that hated her last few albums -LRB- and maybe loved `` All I Wan na Do . '' But the truth is , this just does n't seem like the `` real '' Sheryl Crow ... it 's just mainstream pandering . At least I hope that 's all it is .
 I 've always been a fan of Sheryl Crow 's , so when I heard her new single , I just had to buy the CD . I was feeling rather happy with my choice when listening to the upbeat `` Steve McQueen '' and `` Soak up the Sun '' as the first two tracks ... but after that I was left wondering what would make Sheryl record such a lethargic and depressing CD . I 'm sorry , but not impressed .
 I do n't know what most of these reviewers have been smoking , but this album is , by far , the least compelling of Sheryl Crow 's studio albums . Just go back and listen to `` Sheryl Crow '' or `` The Globe Sessions . '' The differences are stark and obvious . I hope she snaps out of it with her next album . Hey Sheryl , lose all of the guest vocalists and get back to the gutsy writing of the previous two albums . As far as I am concerned , this album is fluff . Use it as a ninja frisbee .
 This album has been referred to as the sunnier counterpart to Crow 's moodier epynomous second album , but _ C'mon C'mon _ falls so short that no comparision can even be made . Frankly , it would be difficult to call _ C'mon C'mon _ an album at all ; it is filled with episodic duets -LRB- with Lenny Kravitz , Stevie Nicks , Don Henley , etc -RRB- that showcase more Crow 's popularity among her peers than any of the musical gusto she projected on her previous albums . Indeed , Crow sounds like a guest musician on her own tribute album
 What happened ? This is truly a 2-star -LRB- or less -RRB- record . The `` Rolling Stone '' review really nails it when they say it sounds like `` a Sheryl Crow cover band fronted by Bob Seger . '' In general , the record boasts a few solid tunes , but many of them -LRB- especially the ballads , such as `` Safe and Sound '' and `` It 's So Easy '' -- a cringe-inducing duet with cheesy Don Henly -RRB- are over-the-top in a way that has n't really been apparent on her previous records . To me , the best way to sum up the `` sound '' of this record is that she 's going for a sort of mid-70 's pop radio glammed-out Aerosmith kind of feel -- and she succeeds at this . Whether or not that 's a desirable goal is another question . I just do n't `` get '' the direction she 's taking here . She still retains the artistic control she gained with her second record
 For those of us who have taken pleasure in the slow but rewarding evolution of Sheryl Crow 's music from Tuesday Night Music Club onward , this album is a disappointment . It seems as though Sheryl Crow has set aside her musicianship and artistic instinct for an album that has all the appeal of the American Express commercial in which its first single , `` Soak Up the Sun , '' is featured.While never a consistently great lyricist , Crow 's songwriting is lazy and just plain bad at numerous points throughout this album . A perusal of the lyrics from earlier albums reveals clever , knowing songwriting that is peculiarly missing from the current release.Even Sheryl Crow could not pull off this level of banality with tongue in cheek , so it must be cash in hand that drove the release of C'Mon C'Mon and the accompanying photo shoots , commercial promotion and celebrity parade that , until now , seemed very un-Crow . For other fans of `` Old Crow '' disappointed in this latest turn , I recommend the rare Crow rendition of `` All By Myself '' and the equally rare singles that can be found on some imported versions of the Tuesday Night Music Club album . Here 's hoping Sheryl Crow returns to fine form when she comes back down to earth .
 C'mon ... C'mon ... already . This album is too long , too slow , has too many ballads and too many dang string arrangements . I consider myself a Sheryl Crow fan and believe her previous albums are wonderful , even brilliant . But this thing has to be the smarmiest album I 've bought/listened to in years . It 's both rythmically and lyrically uninteresting . Too bad . Do n't waste your money .
 `` Steve McQueen '' rocks ... the rest of the album ? ... I 'd buy that single and wait for her Greatest Hits album to come out . Or better yet download her best songs . Soak Up The Sun is okay but the lyrics are sophmoric , `` I 've got noone to blame and everytime I feel lame I 'm looking up . '' ... And give us some more exciting people to collaborate with - Stevie Nicks sounds like a billy goat and she has turned Kid Rock into a pansy . `` Steve McQueen '' however - is Crow at her best . ... At one point thugh she vocalizes her obsession with her fear of being 40 and having to compete with sexy sassy 21 year old singers , i.e. `` We 've got rock stars in the white house and all our pop stars look like porn '' . -LSB- ... -RSB- But still thanks to that song I did n't feel like a total fool for buying this album - that one line kind of ruins it though .
 The best album by Sheryl Crow up to date
 I bought this album for the song , `` Soak Up The Sun '' and it ended up that that was the only song I would like on this album . I think most of the songs are a little stupid and poorly written . Save your money . I ended up giving the CD away because I never wanted to listen to it .
 The aqua net hair bands of the 80 's died swiftly when the 90 's hit ; not so with the `` anti-hair bands '' of the 90 's . The legions of un-glamorous lead singers strumming acoustic guitars are alive and well.Indeed , Sheryl Crowe is the embodiment of that 1990 's stereotype ; her music encourages people to enjoy the `` simple life , '' though she prefers the life of a multimillionaire.Yes , the classic hypocrosy that defined music of the 1990 's is coming through loud and clear in Crowe 's latest album . Crowe has a `` communist friend '' whose gas she ca n't afford . She sells millions of records but ca n't put gas in her car , see . She loves her impoverished way of life , and ecourages us to love it too.She preaches to us , saying `` It 's not getting what you want / It 's wanting what you 've got . '' Apparently Ms. Crowe thinks that complacency is the answer . Is that how you got your multimillion dollar record deal , Cheryl ?
 only one good song on this whole cd , dont waste your time with this one , sorry sheryl but u need some betta songs on it ...
 Sheryl Crow is one of the most renowned popular singer/songwriters around . I have never really enjoyed any of her previous work , but I gave this one an unbiased fair shot.It 's cotton candy . There are some really catch tunes here
 The aging , airbrushed Sheryl Crow is back with her once-every-two-years piece of product designed for Maximum Cash Flow . ` c'mon , c'mon ' , her 4th studio project since her days as being a Michael Jackson backup singer , is a 13 song collection of over-produced , bland , blurry , AOR-friendly , vaguely retro music that is designed to be played by that large portion of our population whose tastes never really advanced from the time they graduated college in 1979 . On the surface , at least , there is nothing that one could possibly take offense at with this music . Just like Tom Petty , or the Wallflowers , this is gutless roots rock music that has been whitewashed to the point of disco . It 's safe , suburban , SUV music.No fewer than 62 individual musicians are credited in the liner notes , but by the sound of things the only one who really needed to be credited was whoever was running Pro Tools and manipulated every sound to within an inch of its life . Despite Sheryl 's persona as a good , old-fashioned , analog rocker chick , this is one of the slickest , most glossed productions you 're likely to here . This is music that sounds like it was designed by savvy Businessmen , not musicians.Sheryl and her press corps would have us believe that this is some sun-baked tribute to the heady days of 1976 , when the Eagles , Lynyrd Skynyrd , and Steve Miller ruled the airwaves . Yeah ... you know just where you 're going to stand with the album once you hear Sheryl paraphrase `` Freebird '' on her first song , `` Steve McQueen '' . What 's happened here ? There was a time not long ago when Don Henley was rightly mocked , a black hole of uncool ; he was spiritual father of Sting and the sworn enemy of rock and roll . Just when did the tide turn on the Eagles and their brethren ? What 's happened to the world?That Sheryl has invited him to duet with her on the unbearably dopey and pointless `` It 's So Easy '' seems reasonable enough then , as long as you approach it with the idea that the world -LRB- or at least that part of it that cares about rock and roll -RRB- has gone utterly mad . Just as does the indulgent , useless inclusion of Stevie Nicks . Gwyneth Paltrow , on the other hand , is a little harder to justify.Don ' t worry , though , just like those 62 musicians , you ca n't really distinguish anyone from anyone else . It might as well be Ernest Borgnine backing up Crow for all that you can make out the humanity through the pancake-thick , macrame ' production.For a woman who complains that `` all our popstars look like porn '' Sheryl is showing an awful lot of flesh both in the CD insert and on her VH1 hit , the trite `` Soak up the Sun '' . The pre-press on this album would have you believe that the whole album is made up of such breezy , bikini-wearing numbers , but after a few upbeat songs Sheryl gets all reflective and the ham-fisted production kicks into high gear with such lumbering , DOA monstrosities as `` Diamond Road '' and `` It 's Only Love '' . Like the 1970 's themselves , the interminable `` c'mon , c'mon '' finally ends with a giant bummer that feels like you 're going to suffer a hangover from it for the next decade . `` Weather Channel '' is a morose , leaden , downbeat , hopeless song , that includes one of the creepiest , least-funny lines ever
 I 'm sad for the fact that I have to rate this cd with only 2 stars because I really love Sheryl Crow 's past efforts , but this cd , to be honest , is just ` not good ' and ` not enjoyable ' . I bought C'mon C'mon without listening to it first , based solely on the merit of her previous releases -LRB- mistake # 1 -RRB- . Her previous works more than warranted me buying her newest cd without previewing it . I mean , after Tuesday Night Music Club , her self titled `` Sheryl Crow '' cd , and The Globe Sessions , all I thought was , `` Whew-whoo ! Finally , a new cd from Sheryl Crow ! '' My enthusiasm lasted long enough for me to unwrap the disc and put it into my car 's cd player . After the first 35 seconds , my excitement vanished , and that 's when I actually found myself skipping through the disc looking for anything that resembled some good old fashioned Sheryl Crow songs . When I realized ` good old fashioned Sheryl Crow ' was no where to be found , I decided to settle for ` anything that could be remotely pleasing to my ears ' . Even that is a stretch on this cd . Outside of `` Soak Up the Sun '' - which is a very catchy and totally , popular ` pop ' song , the only other decent song I could really find was `` Safe and Sound '' - and it 's likeability is questionable considering its overriding depressive tones . To be honest , I kinda feel like a Sheryl Crow traitor , but this cd is truly a sad effort on her part . She should be embarrassed . The songs on C'mon C'mon are shallow - for instance , the song Steve McQueen has a decent rhythm , but give me a break ... a Steve McQueen song ??? Here are some of the words , `` Like Steve McQueen - All I need 's a fast machine , I 'm gon na make it all right , Like Steve McQueen - Underneath your radar screen , you 'll never catch me tonite '' . What innovative song-writing talent ... NOT !!! ... Anyway , the final word here , save your money - if you just ca n't help tapping your foot to ` Soak up the Sun '' as you drive down the highway - be smart and go buy the cd single because the rest of this disc is n't worth the time it takes to listen to it ...
 Let 's be realistic here ; `` C'mon C'mon '' is simply a bad album aimed almost completely at commercial success rather than Sheryl 's usual goal of achieving artistic repsect . Lacking the usual Crow brilliance that leaves us begging for more , `` C'mon C'mon '' is missing the great songwriting and ground-breaking production that `` Tues. . Night Music Club '' , `` Sheryl Crow '' , and `` The Globe Sessions '' have demonstrated to the industry in the past . Each of Crow 's previous releases have been works of art , pushing the envelope of popular music and testing waters that only Crow has dared to float upon , and with success . `` C'mon C'mon '' is filled with such an emptiness artistically that unfortunately even a few exceptionally great songs can not keep this record afloat . The opening number `` Steve McQueen '' rocks out with great lyrics and such a creative production that it leaves us looking forward to what 's to come . Unfortunately , there 's not much to look forward to . Crow 's artistic balloon is slowly and sadly deflated after `` Soak up the Sun '' , the overplayed theme song of this past summer , with it 's great hook but no real content . The worst of the worst is the eighties-style duet `` It 's So Easy '' with eighties king Don Henley . `` It 's So Easy '' sounds out-of-date and over done , as so much of this record is . But Crow deserves credit where credit 's due . The true gems of this album are `` Abilene '' , a duet with Dixie Chick Natalie Maines , and `` Weather Channel '' , a duet with Emmylou Harris . `` Weather Channel '' is a beautiful reminder of Crow 's capabilities , an eerily - haunting stripped-down track with such brilliance that it leaves you wondering if it was left over from the Globe Sessions . The bottom line is that Crow second guessed herself this time around and it shows . Next time , Sheryl , please trust your gut instinct - If it ai n't broken , do n't fix it . Crow 's usual border-pushing songwriting and artistic production lead to simply great albums . This was not one of them .
 There was a day when Sheryl Crow could belt out Rhiannon and Rock On Golden Woman real good or even that freedom song from the white album . I liked her when she recorded the Sunset song . something about being in california if i remember clearly . But now all of a sudden she 's putting on ears and leaves her gravelly voice behind . Now she 's pretending to be a pop singer , it 's just not sounding good at all , in britney style . she used to sing out rock song now she 's into Britney style song . and her voice change . i feel betrayed cuz she did n't keep it real . voices carry from til tuesday was her best album . but that 's just my opinion . hope this helps : -RRB-
 Dreck , ladies and gentlemen , pure commercial , uninspired , dreck .
 If Amazon let customers return a CD merely because it stinks , I 'd send this back in a New York minute . I absolutely LOVE Sheryl 's other stuff , but this is like eating bubble gum for dinner compared with her earlier works . Gone are the dark songs with nothing but Sheryl 's plaintive and contemplative voice . Gone is her wonderfully flippant creativity . They 're replaced with overdone , overproduced made-for-radio pop . You 'll love the songs the first time you hear them , and be sick of them by the third . How disappointing !
 i 've seen sheryl crow perform live before and she is a far more talented musician than is reflected in this record . the best track is the one you 're hearing constantly on the radio , which is a catchy but far from excellent song . i had high expectations given some of the early reviews of the album and the collaborations with many artists i am fans of , but the much discussed duet with lenny falls short as do most of the other duets . i think two stars is actually generous . by way of comparison , this album pales in comparison to emmy lou harris ' recent album , red dirt girl .
 I am sorry but this album was awful . I was and still am in love with Tuesday Night Music Club , but this album is mindless pop filler .
 A true avid SC fan am I but what 's this -LSB- stuff -RSB- ? Sheryl has never been the most perceptive songwriter , depending more on cliches and formulas that have worked in the past , but I ca n't believe the mediocrity of these -LSB- stinky -RSB- songs ! Safe and Sound alone is totally undecipherable `` maybe this is forver/forever fades away like a rocket ascending into space . '' Huh ? I 've read better words in high school literary magazines . This is mindless drivel and if it had been done by a lesser-known artist it would be in the dollar bins by now . The plethora of artists `` helping out '' is a gimmicky attempt to sell the album and make up for lack of originality ; the overblown ballads are a big yawn ; and she must have been pretty desperate for material to rehash `` It 's Only Love . '' Some brigt spots - the glam rocker `` Lucky Kid '' , the soulful `` Weather Channel '' and `` You 're an Original '' the only song with a trace of Sheryl 's `` sweet sneer ''
 It seems like alot of bands are chaning their old styles and ways to compete for top 40 radio play and to sell more records . This album without a doubt is her most poppy yet and has taken the path so many have taken these past couple months - like No Doubt , the Cranberries , etc. the new single `` Soak up the Sun '' is a great example , as it is one of her most happy radio-friendly singles to come out , probably ever from her . The rest of the album is composed of simple lyrics and lack the depth of what we are used to , like from her greatest album `` The Globe Sessions '' . The rest of the album just sounds like pop pap ... overall i was waiting for this record because we have come to set the bar high for miss Sheryl Crow - and she just turned 40 but she isnt really acting her age in the music . This sounds like a debut record .
 In an article at rollingstone.com Sheryl Crow complains about the recording process of her new album C'MON , C'MON as a `` meltdown . '' It seems turning 40 was hard on the poor thing . Whatever the cause , her fourth record has certainly missed the target . It is full of mostly forgettable songs with greeting card lyrics . Sure , there are some good rocking pop tunes like , `` Steve McQueen , '' `` Soak Up the Sun , '' and `` Hole in My Pocket . '' But these are the bastard children of songs like `` Run , Baby , Run '' and `` All I Wan na Do . '' Those songs from TUESDAY NIGHT MUSIC CLUB had not only effective pop hooks , but gut-grabbing , emotional lyrics . The bulk of the songs on C'MON , C'MON sound like the schmaltz pop and ersatz-country playing on commercial radio stations these days . Only occasionally do we get a glimpse of what this album could have been , like the beginning of `` Over You '' or the only sparkling gem `` Weather Channel . '' That song , the last on the album is an exploration of depression , and an achingly beautiful acoustic ballad punctuated by the always-tasteful backup vocals of Emmylou Harris . Harris knows how to underscore an artist 's lead vocal and not overshadow it . Her presence on a song is usually cause for a closer listen . But the rest of the guest vocals -LRB- Stevie Nicks , Liz Phair , Natalie Maines , Lenny Kravitz , and unbelievably , Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- here prove self-aggrandizing on the part of Crow . Like her SHERYL CROW & FRIENDS
 I really hate to have to say this , because I have been a major fan of Sheryl for years , but I was extremely disappointed by this album . And it took so long to hit the shelves , which only adds to my frustration ! It 's like she 's a huge star now , and surrounded by sycophants who tell her everything she does is gold , but that is NOT the case . These songs are mixed so badly , and the lyrics could have been written by a third grader , for the most part ! And what 's with all the melodramatic strings on every other track , overwhelming the natural build of emotion that would come if everything were stripped down and you actually had some room to have a reaction ? Sheryl needs to chill out and get back to her roots . She 's gone Hollywood , in the most bloated and complacent way . I 'm sure Pepsi will be signing a contract with her this week for `` You 're an Original . '' Sad . I wo n't buy another one of her records without listening to it first . Oh , and by the way , thanks for not mentioning your fans even once in the liner notes . What happened to her heart ???
 When I bought this CD , I was a big fan of `` Soak Up the Sun '' . But after listening to it twice , it got boring . All of the songs on this CD are way too sugary . Sheryl is trying to get her popularity back by trying to become Britney Spears .
 I must confess I have not listened to this album -- nor will I . One time through `` Soak up the Sun '' on the radio was all I needed to hear . What an insipid and annoying song . I ca n't believe a professional , 40-something musician would put her name on such godawful drek . It must have been written by the marketing department to get late spring airplay . A pyrrhic victory , I 'm afraid .
 I bought this album due to the song `` Soak up the sun '' . I was dissappointed when it was the only good song on the cd . I still believe Sheryle Crow keeps it real -LRB- Just not on this album -RRB- .
 That 's what I said when I listened to the whole cd . Now , `` Soak Up the Sun '' is cute , granted . It 's got the hit formula down . `` Steve McQueen '' hits the mark , but the rest - C'MON , Sheryl . I actually had to get out the old stuff and listen to remember why I like this girl . Yes , she is good , but this collection is not her best - it 's formula pop and to me , that is the death knell . I owned this one - notice I say `` owned . '' I gave it away after I heard the line , `` You 're an original , Baby , '' once too many times .
 This is my least favorite Sheryl Crow album . She did too many collaborations and lost her sound . Steve McQueen and the Weather Channel sound like Crow , but the rest is just manufactured pop .
 I 'm giving Sheryl 's last studioalbum a spin at the moment and to be hounest , I still do n't like it . Her last studio album , The Globe Sessions , was a really deep and personal album full with introspective songs . It 's also one of my favourite albums in my collection and her best so far . C'mon , C'mon is an album full of catchy pop-rock songs , but it feels so forced , the writing , her singing , everything . I think that she 's a little bit lazy here and there . The songwriting and some lyrics are really trite and corny . There are also a lot of guest musicians that overpower her own input . The last couple of songs are pretty decent and the collaboration with EmmyLou Harris , Weather Channel , is one of the most beautiful songs she has ever written and the strings give the song a beautiful atmosphere . Why the European bonustrack Missing is n't included on the American release is a riddle , it 's one of her better songs . I give this album 2 stars because she can do so MUCH better . This is not a good introduction to Sheryl Crow because she has so much more to offer then this for her standards rather shallow album .1 . Steve Mcqueen 3/52 . Soak Up The Sun 2/53 . You 're An Original 2/54 . Safe And Sound 3/55 . C'Mon C'Mon 2/56 . It 's So Easy 2/57 . Over You 2/58 . Lucky Kid 2/59 . Diamond Road 2/510 . It 's Only Love 2/511 . Abilene 3/512 . Hole In My Pocket 3/513 . Weather Channel 5/514 . Missing -LRB- Euro.Bonustrack -RRB- 4/5
 Sheryl Crow 's latest album is definitely a change , but not for the better . Even the cover implies something 's up . The new album is definitely upbeat , but it seems that it would appeal more to fans of beach boy or bubblegum pop , rather than her fans from the '90s . Sheryl might be coping with a midlife crisis by trying to prove that she can be immature , superficial and poppy even though she 's now 40 . I bought this CD because I 'm a big fan of Sheryl 's older music , it was her first album in four years and even though her first single , `` soak up the sun '' was less than spectacular , critics seemed to be speaking well of the album . I was disappointed that there was n't really anything reminiscent of her earlier work and the songs do n't really grow on you . Sheryl seems to be playing in a whole other field for now , but hopefully , in time , she 'll get back closer to the road she was on . Although I may want a refund , I 'm not assuming that people with all tastes in music will agree with my evaluation of the new Sheryl . You will probably be glad to have this album if you are a fan of artists like Michelle Branch , or any other youngster who lacks real substance , lives on top 40 radio and plays guitar .
 Well , I know a LOT of you have been waiting for my review of this one , so here goes : cheryl , cheryl , cheryl ... tisk tisk ... This is pretty bad , and I 'm a fan from waaay back . It jussounds liek she 's tired and maybe didnt have any ideas and didnt really want to record an lp , but was forced too . The melodies are weak and teh lyrics are n't there . they are n't anywhere , IMHO . IMHO this sounds like it was done by some woman who was a really big cheryl fan and decided to do an lp in her style , but could n't . Once again , do n't all get mad at me . That 's just my IMHO!Now I know your all waiting for my Famous song by song review , but I 'm just going to focus on a few . I 'm tired from my trip to Little Miami . `` Steve MCQueen '' opens it and it completely rips off Steve Miller band . Anyway , I 'm sick of cheryl whinning about how she cant be loved cause shes famous and mizundastood -LRB- get it ? -RRB- and picks teh wrong men . Why not next a song about Clapton ? `` You 're an Original '' yeah , well this song aint ! `` Hole in my pocket '' sounds like she just did a version of Alanis ' Hand in My Pocket , a much better song IMHO . `` Soak up the sun '' is beneath her . a play for pop radio . Will be used for Sunny D commercials in 4 years . and cheryl will cry her lonely heart out all the way to the bank . `` Wether Channel '' Why do the people here like this one ? It 's just a copy of `` Ordinary Morning off of Cheryl Crow and a half a dozen other songs she alredy did before.So ther it is . FINALLY ! It 's not that I 'm mad at cheryl , its just I expected more from her first cd in four years and didnt get it . oh well , maybe in 2006 she 'll put out a better one .
 What a waste of money ! sheryl has always been one of my favorate female singer , for many reasons . the main resaon is that she is a hot chick who plays gautar and does not sing fluffy pop hits . As for this cd in my mind its all fluffy pop hits geared to geting a younger people to buy it . only thing I liked was the video for `` soak up the sun '' but the song lyrics need work really bad . the other song people seem to like is `` Steve Mcqueen '' but it is very forgetable just like the song on the cd . dont buy this buy the 93 release `` Tuesday Night Music Club '' its a way better cd .
 If you 're like me who admired Sheryl for her tough-girl attitude and great songwriting , spare yourself the agony . Most of the songs will leave you thinking `` Have n't I heard this song before ? '' -LRB- especially `` Diamond Road '' and `` It 's So Easy '' -RRB- and there 's a preponderance of `` Love-hurts-so-get-drunk-and-cry-in-your-drink '' kinda songs -LRB- ESPECIALLY `` C'mon C'mon '' , `` It 's So Easy '' and `` Over You '' -RRB- that lack both the edge and depth of Crow 's previous work . NOW we understand why after this album she decided to take a break from making music . That said , there are still some tracks that are up to her usual standard . I recomend downloading `` Safe and Sound '' , `` Lucky Kid '' and `` Steve McQueen '' ... proof that while Sheryl may have missed the mark with this album , she 's still got what it takes , somewhere in there .
 I LLLLLLLUUUUUUUUVVVVVV Sheryl Crow ... I Detest this album.She seems to have completely relinquished her depth , articulation , irony , and artistry to release a mediocre collection of rushed fillers . What is going on ? She has so much power . So much ability . She can , and has altered mind-sets and points of view , raised politcal and social awareness , and asked the world to take a look in the proverbial pond reflection , smoke a cig and laugh . NOW it 's a bunch of subjective self centered incoherent babble that is not worthy of a true Crow fan 's hard earned duckets . This album is in short Dry , lazy , and flamboyantly uninspired . For once this lyrical genious has ABSOLUTELY NOTHIN ' TO SAY ! No wonder 3 of the only attempted songs are at the very beginning ... This is a mid-life crisis set to music ! ... C'mon C'mon Sheryl!she needs to lock herself in her house and put her second album on repeat for a good month or two ... that 'll snap her out of it .
 This is easily my least favorite Sheryl Crow album . `` Tuesday Night Music Club '' featured a slew of catchy hits that , though sang imperfectly , had a charm and a lot of emotion . `` Sheryl Crow '' and `` The Globe Sessions '' followed , and we learned that Sheryl has quite an impressive vocal range , and is n't afraid to play around with different styles of music . Her lyrical ability became more apparent in the process as well . While these second two albums were risky in all the right ways `` C'mon C'mon '' is predictable and boring . Nearly all the songs have a radio-friendly southern rock sheen , and there are FAR too many guest vocalists -LRB- Gwyneth ? why ? -RRB- . I did n't want a Sheryl and Friends album . This is not to say that the album has nothing to offer . The innocuous `` Steve McQueen '' is catchy and decent . `` Safe and Sound '' sounds like Sheryl has channeled Tori Amos for a moment in time . `` Diamond Road '' sounds like something from the Beatle 's `` Sgt. Pepper '' days -LRB- ca n't go wrong there -RRB- . For someone new to Sheryl 's work , I suggest purchasing any other of her albums ... for those that just want to her the same formula about 10 times , this might work for you .
 Sheryl Crow definitely did not put all of her effort into this album . The only songs I find good are -LRB- in order of `` goodness '' -RRB- Steve Mcqueen , Soak Up The Sun , Diamond Road , and Safe And Sound . The rest of the album is so blah and mediocre it is painful to sit through . Her 2nd is definitely her best effort and this one is behind her first album which I thought could have been a little more crafted better . Anyway , there is always the future for Sheryl to redeem her music and talent .
 C'mon C'mon is a lighter album that the Globe Sessions , and I really did n't like most of the sappy lyrics , and boring progressions . I still like her as an artist , but this album will probably be seeing more shelf time than the others.There are a few interestingh tracks , but not enough of them pull this album into a decent 3 star rating.Buy the Globe Sessions before you buy this one if you do n't already have it -- even skip this one and hope she gets back that edge she lost somewhere .
 My feelings about the C'mon C'mon album are that it is notwhat I was hoping for . I honestly can not find a single track that I care to listen to more than one time on this album withthe exception of the song `` Soak in the Sun . '' And this song is not at all representative of the musical style of the rest of thealbum . The songs are not catchy on this one nor are they memorable . Her new style is just not fun . Her mood and lyrics are melancholy . This album may be for you if you are into thesound of the classic rock and roll era . You might consider getting this album then . However , I think that you ought to listen to this album before you go out and buy it because it is very different in style than her previous work . This one is made for classic rock fans and not for many pop music fans such as me .
 I am a dedicated fan of Indian spiritiual music and I HATED this CD . The voices have a very depressing intonation , and all the chants are slow and lethargic , more like a dirge . ... If you like Indian-style music , order Krishna Das tapes . Or `` The Divine Gypsy '' from Self-Realization Fellowship , for deeply spiritual , soothing music .
 Sade is back !! Her lyrics are solid and the music is wonderful yet the union does not illuminate the soul as her previous work has done . Her pinnacle work was indeed Love Deluxe . That album exceeded all expecations . Her songs contained the same amount of sadness as her present work yet they stirred the listener and revealed a sense of hope.Lover 's rock does have memorable cuts , All about our love , The king of sorrow , and The Sweetest Gift . However , some tracks are too drum and base heavy and drown out the lyrics.The live cd will illuminate the listener as to what the current songs lack . The fire and passion has fizzled and her heartache overwhelms the material . The songs lulled me yet they had no direction . Her voice is beautiful , the instrumentation is excellent but overall this cd is not is memorable .
 I have been a fan since Diamond Life and have always felt that this was one of the most original and unique groups around . And then came Lover 's Rock . After 8 years , SADE has left behind almost everything that made them unique . Gone is the variety of musical style . Gone is the warm , organic sound of a real Jazz band playing real Jazz . Whether it 's pure egotism or just the urge to be `` modern '' , featuring only SADE 's singing backed by this stripped down , programmed version of the band just does n't hold up . The mellow , `` aloof '' singing style played very well against the previous warm , smooth musical backing , however it now comes across as bored , cold , tired , and frankly depressing . Although some of the lyrics are very nice and the Lady 's can still sing in her inimitable way , this has always been true . Please , bring back the rest of the SADE ! Let 's hope there 's another album soon to redeem this one . Without their preceeding reputation , there 's no way this one would have ever been a best seller .
 I guess I should 've known better than to think after 8 years , Sade would not change her sound , but ... I found Lover 's Rock quite disappointing . I 've gotten used to the tunes after hearing the CD several times , and it is now tolerable . But comparing it to the unforgettable jazzy and seductive songs like in `` Promise '' , this one fails to deliver . I found some of the guitar here to be somewhat `` choppy '' and `` squeaky '' , and it was almost as if I 'm hearing folk music instead of smooth jazz . Although , I 'm giving it more than 1 star because her voice is still undeniably excellent and above the rest . Yet , some artists need to realize that change is n't always good , and trying to `` update '' your sound does n't always mean success . Sade , it 's your old sound that made you an icon in the first place , and is also the reason why fans still yearn for you after all these years ... so bring it back !
 this cd is bad i cant beleive i got this cd all the songs are so bad why did she become a singer she sucks big time sade get a beter vocie this cd is the worst cd i ever got in my hoie life so do me a faver in dont buy this cd
 I like Sade . I do n't like this disc . There are three songs I really love . You can throw the rest of this out . Sade sounds great . The songs are bad and the accompanying music is awful . This is Sade with a drum machine . The songs do n't even have enough to allow her to put them over . The first song is Country and Western Sade . Not flattering to her at all . I ca n't really express how bad this is . I do not compare discs to other discs the performer puts out . This disc stands on its own . It is bad music by itself . If you like Sade , do n't buy this . You wo n't like it . She is forcing herself to sing this stuff and is very uninterested in what she is singing . I do n't blame her .
 Long awaited , but not surprising . With the growing numbers of artists that have tried to re-ignite the fire that drove them to fame and fortune in the late 80 's and early 90 's , this effort falls far short of what we 've expected from Sade.Sadly , fans have waited 8 years for this release , and not doubt they will buy it , as I did . However , the album lacks all the depth , originality and feel that has defined Sade over the past albums that were so great.Drum machines , bland melodies , and rough production have created a sad , and probably last , effort from from our lady Helen . Too bad , so sad .
 Sade has been out of the loop for 8 years ... and it shows on this CD.The only song that got my attention was `` Immigrant '' . `` Lover 's rock '' was unmoving and whiny.The whole cd sounded bland , uncaptivating , depressing , and uninspired ... like it was rushed to be put out there for the fans to feast on.Yuck ! What a dissapointment!and a waste of money . `` Stronger than pride '' was my best Sade album by far , This one does n't even measure up !
 I 'm sorry to say that I was disappointed when I listened to this CD . I 'm happy to say that I borrowed it and did n't actually buy it . There is one good song that I really enjoyed so I gave it 2 stars for that but it is not really up to Sade 's normally high standards .
 To really enjoy these 11 tracks you have to be a Sade lover in extemis . There is hardly any variation in the style , rhythm or sound and after eleven tracks of the same I was tearing my hair out . Sade sounds as if she has just got out of bed and is still bemused by the world around her . This will not encourage me to buy her next one , despite having a collection of three of her previous CDs.Harry
 Like most Sade fans I could not wait to get my copy of Lovers Rock . Unfortunately , after spending a week trying to get into the new CD its not done it for me . There is n't enough strong songs on this set to really grab your attention . I even played Diamond Life and Love Deluxe again , and they are far superior albums , and still sound fresh and up-lifting even now . I look forward to hearing the next classic Sade album , whenever that may be .
 glad i had chance to hear two/threetracks before buying , saved some money . can never compare to her great albums .
 If you are a Sade fan , do not buy this CD . The lyrics and melodies are dull and inane and the stripped down production cheapens the whole effort . The subtle piano and guitar tracks are buried so deep you have to strain to hear them over the over-boosted , thumping bass and synthetic drums . I 've tried hard to like this CD but to no avail .
 This is the first Sade album I ever bought . I enjoyed all of the 20-something songs that were and still are being played on jazz stations today , but this album has no radio hits . `` Lover 's Rock '' is a lack-luster , tedious album to listen to straight through . Although Sade is one of the pioneers of `` quiet storm '' , this album is no where near that category . It has no real beats , no catchy melodies , and no Stuart Matthewman guitar/sax solos . That does n't mean that the whole album is a flop though . There are some songs that I found noteworthy - `` King Of Sorrow '' , `` Immigrant '' , and `` Every Word '' , but the other ones had no spark , especially `` The Sweetest Thing '' and `` It 's Only Love That Gets You Through '' . Talk about a `` snore-iffic '' . If you 're expecting to hear another `` Maureen '' or `` I Could n't Love You More '' ... do n't buy this .
 In a word , yuck . With the exception of `` Flow , '' there is no Sade of yesteryear present on this CD . It 's all an exploration of a new musical style , with that trademark yearning voice the only clue that you are listening to Sade . `` By Your Side '' stunned me into open-mouthed silence with its country twang ; for this to be the first release is nothing short of a travesty . Next time when the group is shopping for a new sound , they would be well advised to remember that there was nothing wrong with the old one .
 I waited 8 years for this ?? This CD is so depressing -- everything sounds the same . I 'm so so disappointed .
 Am i the only one that is disturbed by the annoying guitar fret changing noise ?? > ? I ca n't seem to hear anything else.Pass on this one . Sade should be embarrassed at the poor recording quality !!
 The jazzy , mesmerizing quality of Sade 's voice that made her a major force in the music world was sorely missing on her latest offering . Each new song sounded pretty much the same as one previous to it . Her back up band , Sweetback lacked its usual drive and the tunes were recorded with annoying scratchy sounds of fingers sliding over guitar strings . After having waited eagerly for years for some new material , I hope she goes back to the drawing board to recapture what made her so terrific .
 It was time to find someone with some honesty regarding this new Sade cd . I could n't agree more with you Sienna , this album is a HUGE disappointment . After eight years of waiting we should have had at least a good record . This is trendy , soulless , self-indulgent . All this enthusiasm about a `` romantic '' record
 For some one who had this much time to put out a quality CD she realy missed the boat . Each song sounds like the last . If you have a drum machine and can sing you can make this Cd at home . She should have quit after her last Cd . Trust me I own all her other CDs . waht ever happened to melody ?
 I know I 'm the odd one out but I 'm comparing this to ` Diamond Life ' which if you do n't know Sade , you should buy first . She 'll never do better than those wonderful songs from our youth but then again , how could she . She 's grown old too ...
 Nothing is more brain atrophying than being conned by someone you initially had such hopes for . For 15 years before the release of ` Lovers Rock ' in 2001 , I 've grasped onto an iota of desperation that she will at the very least equal her enjoyable-cum-guilty pleasure debut in 1985 . But all that 's manifested every few years - as well as on ` Lovers Rock ' - is a DOA compendium of lethargic tunes whispered in a voice so consistent in its tone-deaf monotony it 's actually soporific . As usual , the band 's competence is in tact , grooving along to its fullest groove , brought way down by Ms. Adu 's emotionless non-voice . You wake up from slumber unperturbed ; you stretch your arms in new relaxation ... only to feel conned all over again . My grade
 I 'll never forget the day that `` Lovers Rock '' came out . I had finished all of my finals and it was time to sit back and chill . So I go to the CD store to get `` Lovers Rock '' and then I went to Subway to get a meatball sub . So I go back home , put the CD in the stereo , and , let me tell you , I lost my appetite . I love all of Sade 's music , but `` Lovers Rock '' is her most awful work ever and was n't worth the wait . Out of the 11 songs on the CD , I only like 2
 i am with the group mind in loving SADE 's earlier works , most all of it , and the recent excitement of the new releases have caught me as well , and now that i am the owner of the LOVERS ROCK , i hear little in it the excites me . what i love about SADE 's earlier songs is her powerful understanding of the true depth of love and of it 's workings deep within our hearts . what a life she must have had ! yet i found none of this in her new release . i also found little music artistry either , particulary with the drum machine accompaniment . i see that i am in the minority , and that is why i decided to voice this opinion .
 I 've always been a huge Sade fan . Her incredibly smooth voice was always perfectly complimented by musicians who played their instruments just as smooth . This Album contains mediocre guitar playing along with popular electronic sound effects that lack emotion . Plus , her voice is over dubbed way to often . Her voice does n't need enhancement . Bring back the band .
 i usually dont add my two cents to highly reviewed music but in this fickle world you are only as good as your last album , and since we usually have to wait half a decade for you to spit out another this makes it worse . Ive seen Sade often in concerts and she has always had a great sound . this album is more pop . If it ai n't broke do n't fix it .
 I have been a Sade fan since her first album , which was purchased by a friend of mine while doing a semester in London . I still remember the first time I heard her voice ... we were all sitting on the floor in my friend 's room , drinking wine , and he put on her album . Her sultry voice sent shivers down my spine as she sang song of love and betrayal that resonated with my own experience . It also restored my faith in music during a time when syth-bands like the Thompson Twins were all the rage . I religiously purchased every Sade album , then replaced them with CDs . To say that I am a fan in an understatement . However , this last effort did nothing for me . The music is AWFUL ! Sweetback has moved into some type of electronic/new age/easy listening groove that simply does not work , and the drum machines and mechanical beats are an insult to anyone who appreciates real instruments . Sade should get a new band if she ever wants her career to move forward . There 's definitely no rush to get this disc . Get Jill Scott 's CD instead . I have listened to it far more than `` Lovers Rock '' because it makes me feel the way that Sade used to .
 Anyone who has heard any of Sade 's previous albums has to see that she has simply lost it . The magic is gone and replication is not working . Evolution of sound here has turned sour , and it may have had an effect on her as well . I would say that she should leave hip/trip-hop beats alone , or hire some professionals to create them . Further , the `` dub '' like influences here are even worse . If this were Sade 's first album , I would say that she has a Promising career ahead , but we all know that this is not the case.The engineer here has no business to be in the studio and should be fired . The CD is lacking in depth and soundstage , all to all , her previous discs are sonically much more pleasant.This just seems like some forced production , either to fulfill an obligation to the record label , or just to score some cash . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 What a bummer . Long after the subtle , brilliant `` Love Deluxe , '' Sade returns with this lukewarm snore-fest . The percussion is barely there , and the rhythm section seems fast asleep . Two , maybe three songs have a discernable pulse , but the overall album is drowsy and mediocre . She 's capable of so much more .
 After being away from the music scene for eight years I quess I expected the group to return in their big , but subtle way . This CD is by far the worst Sade music I have ever heard . I do not understand the rave reviews . I am a huge Sade fan and I was very disappointed by this release . It is very stale music . As one review said `` time stands still '' . It does , but it appears to have passed Sade by . Do not by this CD !
 Like millions os Sade fans , I eagerly awaited the arrival of Lovers Rock . I expected something familiar . I 've seen Sade in concert , and loved her and the band . . Lovers Rock seems to be missing something . With artists I like , I always look for the positive elements . This disc is a snoozer-bland , blah , no groove , no punch , no inspiration . I would have settled for a few tracks with `` any '' beat . It appears that this disc is not very radio friendly . Whenever I hear Sade on the radio , her more upbeat music is mostly played . Maybe it was just my expectation , but I 'd prefer to take a nap .
 Wow , it has been forever since we have had new work by Sade . Unfortunately , this CD disappoints severly . From any other artist this work might be worth a listen as a promise of future potential , but from Sade , it is not up to speed . The material is unbelievably poor . The selections remind one of a B side , never meant for prime time . I have played it over and over hoping for a better impression . All in all a very disappointing effort by one of the best . If you are not familiar with her work , buy Diamond Life , if you are , perhaps a better effort waits further out on the horizon .
 As a long time fan of Sade , I expected to be impressed with her latest CD after the long wait . Unfortunately , it plays like hip hop would play if it were trying to be a lullaby . The hum-drum drum beats take away from the other instruments leaving the selections monochromatic . I could n't tell when one song finished and another started . She could have produced a more varied album of her smooth sultry tones which have inspired so many .
 As much as I love Sade and her elusive , seductive sound , her latest CD struck me as having delivered a CD for all reasons save the one that counts most-her heart an soul was in it . She obvioulsy waited 8 years to launch her latest-perhaps she should have waited several more years until she was really committed to delighting her fans . Unfortunately , this does not measure up .
 Talk about feeling disappointed ! I listened to this album 5 times , and still ended up giving it away . I anticipated feeling mesmerized by this album as I have with Sade 's previous works , but instead I felt depressed after listening to this monotonous and vacant droning ! The groove is gone ! Sade , what 's happened to you ?!
 I just could n't get into this album at all . Sade tends to cover the same ground over & over again , but this time it is hampered by tinny , artificial beats . Drum programming was expected in the 80s , but Sade bucked the trend at that time & in doing so was a breath of fresh air . Now it seems like she 's giving in to it , 15 years later . Who knows why . It sounds both dated & trendy at once . If you want to hear Sade at her best , pick up `` Diamond Life '' or `` Promise '' . This one rings false .
 Sade went 8 years without a new studio album . You would think the resulting release would blow your socks off . Compare this album to Basia 's new album and you 'll see what I mean . Stuart Matthewman 's great sax work -LRB- once a vital part of the band 's sound -RRB- is nowhere to be found . What 's that all about ? He gets in a few long background long tones -LRB- not even a solo -RRB- on the album 's first tune on tenor sax , but you ca n't hear it without headphones . The instrumental backing in mostly keyboard washes , synthesizer bass , distorted guitar chords and drum machines , making it sound more dated than the band 's original albums released several years earlier.The album is mostly SLOW , SLOW , SLOW depressing songs about Sade Adu 's broken heart . She 's in fine voice , but so what ? After one listen I wanted to throw this one in the garbage but opted for selling it instead . Sadly , the new album , `` Soldier of Love , '' is even worse . Stick to Sade 's `` Best Of , '' or the material from the '80s / '90s instead .
 I really did n't find one song that jumped out as a great song . Although her talent is obvious , none of the songs we upbeat and catchy . I 'm sorry but in my opinion you have to be a REAL HARDCORE Sade fan to appreciate this CD .
 I bought this CD after two people recommended it . I was very dissapointed . I own most of Sade 's early works and really enjoy them . This CD is very down beat and not up to the usual high standards of Sade 's other albums . This one lacks the soulful upbeat nature of previous work . While I feel her pain , it does n't sound like her heart was really into this project . I listened to this CD start to finish twice , and honestly do n't feel the need to listen to it again . This album is vague and unremarkable , which is too bad because Sade is a great artist . I ca n't recommend this album , I hope her next effort is better .
 I actually had to recheck my cd to make sure I had the same one as eveyone reviewed here - personally , I thought this was awful - the other reviewers have a right to their opinion & I 'm glad they enjoyed this cd , but i have a right to mine & I found the music here to be choppy , uneven & extremely slow moving - I 've been a fan of Sade for years & have all her other albums & enjoy her work very much , but this sounded as if she was just dragging along - my husband , sister & 2 friends who are all fans agreed that this was not her best work - very disappointing .
 This CD does not even come close to the early Sade recordings . Extremely disappointing .
 Sade has been out of the loop for 8 years ... and it shows on this CD.The only song that got my attention was `` Immigrant '' . `` Lover 's rock '' was unmoving and whiny.The whole cd sounded bland , uncaptivating , depressing , and uninspired ... like it was rushed to be put out there for the fans to feast on.Yuck ! What a dissapointment!and a waste of money . `` Stronger than pride '' was my best Sade album by far , This one does n't even measure up !
 Released in 2000 , this album has come in many different options . The original album , which is this CD , has 11 songs and is 44 minutes long.Also available is a Lovers Rock CD with some bonus live tracks on the disc . There is also two disc option , with the original Lovers Rock CD , and a bonus CD of a few live tracks.Lovers Rock is also included as a bonus CD in the DVD Lovers Live -LRB- which comes in a standard DVD case -RRB- . The best value is to get the Lovers Rock CD with the bonus Lovers Live DVD in the standard jewel case . Confusing?THIS CD DOES NOT MAKE THE MOST OF SADE 'S VOICE OR SONG WRITING.This is really a stark , stripped down sound for Sade , especially when you compare it to her early work.Seven of the tracks are driven by muted electronic rhythms and a muffled background music . I do n't think the sound works well with Sade 's vocal style . She sings flat and without emotion . All seven of these tracks sound alike and the CD gets boring and monotonous.The songs that are good are where she drops the electronic rhythms and lets the emotion of her voice come through , or where she livens up and starts to rock.On The Sweetest Gift and It 's Only Love That Gets You Through , Sade sings to almost no accompanyment . Here she sings in a great jazz/blues style and really lets the emotion of her voice come through.King of Sorrow and Immigrant are a little more upbeat rockers . -LRB- they are not really rockers , but do rock when you compare to the other tracks on the CD -RRB- . Here she sings with more energy and variation.So , if she is the King of Sorrow , I think I might consider turning gay .
 Sorry , folks but this one is terrible . I am a big Sade fan buying her albums from day one and really loving them . I also love the fact that they kept getting better and better - up until this one unfortunately . When I first heard the single on the radio I thought it was ok but could n't understand that horrible guitar squeek . Much to my amazement , the whole album has that annoying sound throughout . I could get used to that -LRB- unprofessional as it is -RRB- but the whole album -LRB- a mere 45 minutes -RRB- sounds like a practice session of all the songs that got rejected from the real album . It is annoying , repetitive , and not SADE at all . It sounds more like a contractual obligation album . This one is a stinker ! If you want the real thing , start with LOVE DELUXE and work your way backwards . Try again SADE !!
 I have been a Sade fan since her first album , Diamond Life , and what I have always loved is her sultry , international sound and soul filled rhythms . But Lover 's Rock is a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT ! I like only two songs , It 's All About Our Love and By Your Side . The rest are dispensible . This album feels rushed . Like the band did n't have enough time to finish the songs . There are no layers of rhythms or beats that we have come to expect from Sade . The lyrics just do n't resonate with me and that is something I thought I would never say about a Sade album . It all feels like a first effort . Something thrown together to meet a deadline . With a dud like this , I seriously hope it 's not another 8 years before they come out with another album . They need to redeem themselves quickly .
 i dig Sade i have all of her Albums plus Imports , etc. ... but this set does n't really showcase her all that well.i was looking for horns & things but this set did n't move me.it felt like it was just there.good lyrics but the music goes nowhere.it is just there.considering She drops a Disc once every 5 plus years you would expect a little more overall depth & something different.still i listen to her older stuff.but this wo n't be getting much play .
 This much anticipated follow-up double cd to Love Deluxe , falls into a different category and genre . Unfortunately , it would be hard for any artist to be able to follow up to such a powerful album as Love Deluxe . The best songs on Lovers Rock are By Your Side and King of Sorrow . The other songs tend to use the same monotonous drum machine pattern , that after a while bores you.I am not disappointed by this double cd , but I am not overwhelmed neither . Although the album is cohesive and follows a good pattern , it does not provide the smooth and erotic flow that Love Deluxe had . As stated it would be hard to follow-up on a song like No Ordinary Love , the ultimate love song of life.This is a good album for your collection , but it will not be one you listen to the most . It is a good buy , but you will prefer to listen to the 2nd CD which contains live recordings of past songs , including a great live rendition of No Ordinary Love . It would be for the 2nd CD that I would recommend this album , as the live songs are worth their weight.Unlike SEAL , SADE did not direct this album into a different dimension of sound for fans . Instead , it focused on two or three themes and continued with that alone . If you are a collector , buy it . If you are not a collector , may I suggest you purchase the 18 track compilation or Love Deluxe .
 After listening this album I am a bit disappointed by the come-back of Sade . Especially the music does n't approach the intimite atmosphere and smoothness from earlier albums from both Sade and Sweetback . This album comes to me like a pretty cold winter ...
 Take a look at all the 4 and 5 star reviews ... nearly every one praises Sade the artist , her voice , how we fell in love with her first album , etc. . I 'm sorry , I love most of Sade 's work , but I do n't rate a CD 4 or 5 stars simply because I like the artist as a whole . If you look for honest reviews of this CD , I agree with them - this is easily her weakest work . It 's simply boring . And where 's her band ? I do n't believe they 're on here - and they 're sorely missed - there 's no sax , and the drum machine is VERY annoying . Anyway , I had to add this to balance all the 4 and 5 star reviews . Her other albums are 4 and 5 star , not this one .
 The drum and bass tracks on this album overwhelm any other sounds . These almost sound like unfinished tracks , awaiting the addition of horns and strings . Aside from rhythm , the only other sound is a guitar . Sade 's vocals are buried in the mix . After sitting through 11 numbing tracks of beating and pounding , one longs for some of the sweet saxaphone solos on previous Sade hits such as `` Your Love Is King '' and `` Is It A Crime '' .
 weeee , whooouhooouhooouhooo . What fun to play with my little sampling machine ... H'mmm , what does this sound make ? dueep ? How cute . zoop , bweeet , kachouw chew chew chawang . Hootchy Koothcy what a hoot . I suppose this was interesting in 1998 , I got it from the electronica section under the sign ` Best 1000 albums you must own . ' Say no more , say no more , but this ai n't one of 'em . Although , track 12 is really good . The rest sounds like a irishman 's idea of what people with ` street cred ' sound like -LRB- and I guess the sounds they listen to -RRB- in New York City . Really though that somewhat mythical gritty side of New York , manhattan-wise all but disappeared sometime in the 1980 's to be replaced by a different kind of city where people from Chicago or , say , Ireland can feel safe trodding about purchasing incredibly expensive stuff from stores they can see just about anywheres now . I would n't recommend this album to anyone , although I would n't actively discourage a purchase either ... just shrug and say I 've heard better , way better . Doooweeep wapppppupupupbuzzoooey . Say , if you want to hear a better execution of this kind of thing try out the Japanese group ` Buffalo Daughter ' , specifically their first couple of albums . Same era but oh so much better .
 While the sound quality of this blu-ray is outstanding , the package included a `` high quality digital copy of the full album '' to be downloaded online . When I went to download the album , it said the `` We 're sorry but this promotion has now expired '' . What a rip ! There is no expiration date in the packaging . Special message to Top Petty . I have purchased this album 3 times now and this one will be the last TP album I buy .
 Poorly conceived Blu Ray Audio package . Audio quality is also not as good as a typical DVD Audio CD or SACD.Load time slow . Need Video screen to play the audio . Should be similar in concept to an SACD methodology .
 WHY Should I buy another format For 5.1 SOUND . I dont really watch many movies and they look and sound fine on dvd 's anyhow.I own 3 players that play all the other formats but that one . they should release a version that more people could enjoy the surround mixes . Rush Did it right with the -LRB- Moving Pictures -RRB- release . Why cant you ? No more Tom Petty stuff for me . Thanks for being jerks .
 I too see this as a ripoff based upon the pathetic packaging . This is a $ 25 music disc and it comes in an over-sized cardboard sleeve . That 's it !!! The disc 's surface can be scratched by removing it from and inserting it into the cardboard sleeve . Apparently the manufacturer is hoping the disc will become damaged so that over time they can sell more . I 'm going to ask Amazon if I may return it for a refund . Pathetic !
 I 'm a huge Tom Petty fan . I have every one of his CD 's and have seen him LIVE at least 10 times . However , this is the first DVD-Audio -LRB- actually Blu-ray audio -RRB- that I 've bought of his and only my second DVD-A period , as I mostly have SACD 's for HQ sound to play in my Oppo disc player . I was not that impressed , truly . I listened to the whole DVD on the DTS 5.1 setting and it definitely played through all 6 speakers . So it 's a unique take on the album and is definitely in surround sound -LRB- which I usually dig -RRB- . Yes it was kind of cool hearing some of the piano behind me , yes it was cool hearing some other instruments in surround sound , but it really did NOT blow me away like so many other 5.1 multi-channel surround sound SACD 's have in the past . I have buyer 's remorse and believe listening to a regular CD of Damn the Torpedoes or a high quality feed -LRB- like MOG -RRB- is basically just as good sound quality . I returned this to Amazon -LRB- opened -RRB- and they only gave me $ 12 back . I wo n't be doing that again ... could 've easily sold it on E B A Y for $ 20 + .
 Does anyone else like to hope that a band is good because they have a really creative name ? Or is that just me?It seems that Franz Ferdinand -LRB- FF -RRB- spent all their originality on their name , referring to the -LRB- beware ... this is a mini history lesson ! -RRB- Archduke of Austria whose assassination sparked World War I.The problem with dear old FF is they do n't seem to have an original bone in their body or song on their CD . In fact , some of it seems to be a blatant rip-off of something , like their single , `` Do You Want To , '' which is `` I Want To Hold Your Hand , '' by The Beatles with different lyrics.I actually rolled my eyes at several lyrics like in the power-pop `` Well That Was Easy , '' verse , `` Kill me now , kill me now , kill me now , ` cause I 'm leaving you . `` Oh , cheer up , FF . You gained enough success off your last , self-titled album to maybe skate by on this clich&eacute;d , overdramatic , really-not-all-that-special CD.Maybe.Nowadays , everyone seems to have an MP3 player , eliminating the dilemma of liking a song , but not the whole album . Now get to the nearest computer and enjoy the beauty of technology ! Since FF is so much better mellow , get `` Fade Away . ''
 The album has one great song and thats `` Do you want to . '' Now do n't mistake me this album has some more good songs but only one great song . If your like me then your better off downloading the single . Do n't waste your money . Spend it on New Order `` Singles '' .
 This album is appropriately named , because you honestly can do so much better than this album . Their prior album was very good , but with the exception of a few tracks , this one is bland . I listened to it maybe 10 times after buying it when it first came out and did n't listen to it again until today , hoping I would have a different opinion of it . But I have n't changed my mind . If you liked their first album , I would recommend the Arctic Monkeys , which is a fantastic band . Both of their albums are superior to anything Franz Ferdinand has done .
 I love FF and was excited to listen to this CD . The format of it is a Dual Disc CD/DVD therefore it is thicker and will not fit in some players . There is a * very * small warning about this on the back and is something most people wo n't notice , I know I did n't . I listen to all my CDs on my ipod now , so I tried to load this CD into my laptop . It did n't seem to fit so I gave it a little push -LRB- I know , stupid -RRB- thinking it would still work . Well , it got stuck , would n't play and would n't eject . I finally managed to remove it with a pair of tweezers and now it is all scratched up and most likely useless . Should have just gotten it from itunes .
 Seriously , am I the only one not blinded by the hype ? Am I the only one who actually hears this album ? This albums is a perfect example of why we even have terms like `` Sophomore Slump '' and `` Sellout . '' `` Do You Want To '' is the cheesiest song of the year with horrible lyrics and an irritating riff . Why anyone would listen to this more than once is beyond me . The title track is so horribly horrible and boring that I 'm not even going to try and come up with something clever . It just sucks.The rest of the album is n't much different . They seem to have been reading the titles of too many Ramones songs . Their favourite word is `` wan na '' and they do n't use it as well as Joey Ramone.I love their debut . Maybe the best album from last year . This album ca n't be their debut 's toilet paper . If someone tells you this is a really great follow-up , do n't listen to them . I wasted 20 bucks on this , do n't make the same mistake .
 If you buy the CD , you ca n't rip it to itunes or any other player -- which is how I listen to 100 % of my music now . Download it from itunes
 Franz Ferdinand 's debut album had songs truly unique , but this new album is just a rock remix of old Herman 's Hermits songs with slightly different lyrics .
 Really , what do people hear in this group ? Reading some reviews , they sounded interesting , and I enjoy some of their influences . However , after hearing both of the first two records , I can only conclude that the bank lacks both musicianship and strong songs . There 's just not enough interesting material here to prop up an album , and even the obviously commercial `` singles '' are somewhat boring and derivative . These guys would be better off honing their skills a few more years before being thrust before the world by the media as the next big thing . Also , the mastering courtesy of notorious record-ruiner Howie Weinberg is an abomination .
 nothing much here truth be told.this album basically is part 2 to there debut album.another over-hyped act who has a few commerical sounding songs , but nothing that appears to make them stand out anytime soon.i expect another 2-3 albums to follow a blue-print that sooner or later will have them out wearing there welcome .
 It was on for a couple of weeks , got positive votes and then it dissapears ? Is the recording industry expurgating reviews on amazon ? This is pathetic . Did anyone find it offensive that i said that i dont find someone bragging for sucking somebody else 's boyfriend off neither artistic , nor funny , nor sexy , but dumb ? And why is the review quoting `` your famous friend well i blew him before you '' made spotlight due to the high rating ? Kids , bottomline is there is much better music out there to dance to , fall in love to , revolt to , relate to , you do n't have to suffer through a guy with a cock in his mouth , some people do n't want you to hear this ...
 Being a Franz Ferdinand enthusiast I agree with the previous reviews as to the musical content of this recording . However Amazon does not alert that the DVD side of the dual disc is Zone 1 and can not be reproduced in other zones . I bought the Dual Disc of the Ferdinanz recording as I wanted to listen to the enhanced high resolution multichannel version , but I just could n't because of the compatibility problem mentioned . Besides , although the Dual Disc can be played in my CD player it makes a nasty noise . Not a format I would recommend .
 The album is excellent , but the Dualdisc format is problematic -- it does n't play in all CD players , and many folks online have reported that it ca n't be recorded into iTunes .
 Every day I hear the Killers on the radio -LRB- no choice really -RRB- because they force it down your throat here in San Diego . Theyve recently decided its a good idea to mix in Franz Ferdinkook , probably because they figure I dont have to deal with enough rotten horsesh * t from the Killers . Franz Ferdinand is horrible , unimaginative , radio friendly garbage designed for sheep . I guess your all sheep since you all seem to lap up Franz Ferdinand like a bunch of mindless idiots . This music is so void of talent , I tend to doubt anyone that enjoys Franz Ferdinand has ever seen a monkey with 4 asses .
 please see the title . thanks .
 To me this is nothing like as good as their debut album . The songs are less interesting , less catchy , less memorable . I tried to like it , I 've played it through many times now , but it just isnt growing on me at all.It 's not as if they 've changed their sound much either , although they have upped the tempo a bit and it 's a bit more `` in your face '' but really I think they could have done with taking a bit more time making this album .
 You could have done so much better ! This album is such a let down . As a follow up to 2004 's debt , which is one of the finest debt albums of all time ; this is a poor effort . The hooks that captured Franz Ferdinand 's tenacity have all but gone , the pure raw guitar sound that dominated the first album have been thrown out the window , replaced by quirky pretentious lyrics and boring instrumentation.The only songs that are remotely good are the opening and closing tracks -LRB- ` Fallen ' and ` Outsiders ' -RRB- . In between they attempt to break new ground , but it does n't work . They fail at a slow ballad ` Eleanor put your boots on ' , which many critics say sounds like the Beatles . If the Beatles sounded like this then they would have sold very few records . ` I 'm your Villian ' has its moments , but everything else sounds b-grade . They sound like a bad pub band , playing covers on a Friday night . If you liked their first album then keep listening to it . Do n't bother with this one . Franz Ferdinand has slipped down the pecking order of great British rock bands .
 21/2 Typical sophomore from the type of indie group unable to deliver on any over-hyped promise to begin with , FF play it safe and in effect are still able to coast by on the small amount of talent they do have .
 I first listened to Franz Ferdinand looking for another band to add to my music collection and found wonderful bass lines and funky guitar with a unique style that was actually worth listening to . The first album was perfect other than the band 's decision on what to release as a single , Take Me Out , which was not one of the best tracks on the self-titled album.After enjoying the first album , out comes `` You Could Have It So Much Better '' which proves what is wrong with music these days . Consumers get so wrapped up in the `` right '' music that it sells but there is no artistic merit in either deed . Franz Ferdinand 's second album is all noise with no music at all . The lyrics have no effect because the effects of guitar amps take over and leave the listener disappointed in a once great band.Just as Newsweek called The Hives and Strokes stylized flops , Franz Ferdinand can now be added to that category and be put on the garbage heap of pop-rock history .
 When major music publications such as Rolling Stone , Entertainment Weekly , and Blender all agree that a particular album or band is the next big thing , chances are they suck . Case in point -- Franz Ferdinand . They should have just slapped a ` the ' at the beginning of their name and an 's ' at the end , because they 're just as horrible as The White Stripes , The Hives , The Strokes , and the rest of those trendy alt rock bands . Franz Ferdinand is a perfect example of what is wrong with commercial rock music today .
 THIS RECORD IS NOTHING MORE THAN RECYCLED 80 'S POP MUSIC . ANYTHING FROM THE CURE , DEPECHE MODE , FLOCK OF SEAGULLS , AND A DOZEN OTHER RADIO BANDS FROM THE 80 'S . I THINK PART OF THE PROBLEM IS THAT THESE GUYS HAVE AN AUDIENCE THAT IS SO YOUNG THAT THEY DO N'T KNOW ANY BETTER . A PRIME EXAMPLE IS SOMEBODY WHO WAS PRAISING THIS RECORD SAID THAT THEY REMINDED HIM OF GREAT BANDS LIKE THE KINKS , THE DOORS , AND THE CLASH . ARE YOU F**K ING SERIOUS KID ! THE CLASH WERE A FANTASTIC AND CREATIVE BAND THAT CONCIEVED THEIR OWN SOUND THROUGH GREAT MUSICIANS AND WITH LYRICS THAT WERE POWERFUL POLITICALLY AND SOCIALLY , WHERE IN THESE GUYS MUSIC AND LYRICS CAN YOU FIND THAT ! I WO N'T EVEN COMMENT ON THE COMPARISON TO THE DOORS AND THE KINKS , BECAUSE THAT IS JUST ONE OF THE MOST IGNORANT THINGS I HAVE EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE ! WHEW GLAD THAT 'S OVER WITH NOW MAYBE I CAN FIND SOME RELEVANT MUSIC TO CHECKOUT ! ====== I loved Ginger 's review she actually proved my point and at the same time praised the album . hahaha ! `` music for girls to dance to '' That statement kind of blows away that stupid remark somebody made about this band being as relevant as the Kinks , Doors , or the Clash . I am done the sheep may return to their flock !!!!!!!!! -LRB- TO CLARIFY THAT WOULD BE THE LOCAL MALL FOR EMO 'S . -RRB-
 -LSB- CD TITLE -RSB- + `` if you only listened to better music '' = my review .
 Ok I 'll start by saying im incredibly biased because I cant stand franz ferdinand . They sound like a cheesy cabaret act that decided to turn out a band . In fact this is worse - the lead singer is pompous and arrogant - the rest of the band throw little or nothing to the band with tired old guitar riffs , the choruses are incredibly generic , boring and repetitive , the lyrics are stupid - its as if they tried been all cryptic and clever and then thought sod it lets just throw random words in instead so we can complete the rest of our radiohead clich&eacute;.It gets worse - the way the lead singer hangs onto the end of each word is incredibly irritating and the lyrics are so bad even the other band members do n't understand them . Sometimes I wonder if they even know they 're in a band or weather the lead singer has just brainwashed them all.I just had to write this review cos im so annoyed with people laying praise on this vastly overrated band just because the Uk has n't turned anything decent out in the last 10 years the media has to leap on the bandwagon praising bands with little talent like this . I wish they 'd realise that indie died years ago . None of these imitation bands can do it justice . Just go away and let us move on !!!
 Maybe a year ago , I got the first Franz Ferdinand CD ... I didnt think much of it . At first I liked it , and then it just got old . Sooner or later it was forgotten under my bed and it has n't been touched since.The second album of theirs isnt better than the first . Usually artists experience some growth in their music , and their second or third album doesnt sound exactly like the first album . Franz Ferdinand however , is different . This is like the follow-up of the first album , and all of the songs sound the same . Jesus , even in the first album all of their songs sound alike . Its one , long , annoying 56 minute song.This band blows ... so save your money and go and buy some real music .
 This is a let-down compared to their debut . The singles ai n't too good either . You Could Have It So Much Better peaked at # 8 in the US , but by its 5th week on the chart it 's at # 83 , and is flopping bad.Their debut is soooo much better !
 Over the past year or so I 've danced around buying Franz Ferdinand 's stuff . What I heard on the radio from the first album was okay , but I felt it still was n't quite `` there , '' like the first album of a great band that was still waiting to find their sound . When I heard cuts from the new album , however , I was very excited to get the disc and was looking forward to becoming a Franz Ferdinand addict.The good news is that there 's some solid work on this CD . `` Do You Want To '' , `` This Boy '' , `` Evil and a Heathen '' , `` You 're the Reason I 'm Leaving , '' `` Eleanor Put Your Boots On , '' and `` I 'm Your Villain '' all make the price of the album worthwhile , evoking a weird mixture between 1960s surf and early 80s punk . Although the album suffers a bit from a bit too much `` sameness '' from one cut to the next , it 's a highly listenable outing for a second album.Now comes the bad news , which is the reason this album got two instead of four stars . If you do the majority of your music listening with a portable music player like an iPod , then be prepared for the fact that Franz Ferdinand 's publishers have decided they do n't want you to legally buy their product and make it convenient for you to enjoy . This disc wo n't play on most computers , which means you ca n't pull the songs into iTunes , which means it never gets onto your iPod . If you 're like me , if it does n't get onto your iPod , you may never get around to listening to it because you do n't want to have to haul around the 100s of CDs you own . It 's the twenty first century , and it 's knuckle-dragging-STUPID to expect people go BACK to having to lug around huge CD cases in their cars because of patently moronic copy protection schemes . Do n't these publishers realize that junk like this will only encourage the piracy of the music they 're trying to protect ! The idiots at their label behind this scheme need to be lined up and shot .
 Do n't get me wrong , the music is fantastic . One of the best audio disc 's I have bought all year . The tech is garbage . I could n't play it on any of my computers -LRB- 3 different ones -RRB- and that 's the only way I listen to music . I refuse to purchase music twice and they seem to think that this is software , not music . Next thing they 're going to have EULA 's on music CD 's . I will then finally just listen to vinyl .
 This CD installed trojan-horse spyware on my Windows-based computer , without informing me . My company had to reinstall Windows , after erroneously purchasing a new optical drive , thinking that was the problem.SONY / BMG releases contain spyware . This is not rumor , it is now reported in the mainstream news -LRB- ... -RRB- YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RIP MP3s OF THESE SONGS , and play them on more than one device , as the CD is currently formatted . Think on that . Plus , you will have your Windows permanantly altered with tracking software.I would avoid this and all other Sony/BMG releases until this issue is settled . In the meantime , perhaps artists could stick up for their fans and demand that the record company do better .
 Love Man . Steam . BUT wish that he would come out with different compositions.This DVD is a waste of money if you have previous Christmas presentations.Donated it to GoodwillJohn
 Amazon sent this in a flimsy envelope - it was shattered upon arrival . I had to send back immediately -- I never got to give this gift as they were not able to send me a new one -- they were out ! Total disappointment .
 I usually like Beyonce 's songs , but this has got to be an exception . I really do n't think there 's anything good about this song ! The beat is irritating , there is no apparent melody , and the lyrics are just lame . Slim Thug does n't do anything to improve the song . Sorry , Beyonce . This has got to be the worst song of the year .
 I hated this song the first time I heard it . The instrumentation was thin , there was no apparent melody , and the lyrics were bland and easy to forget . Imagine my surprise when it turns out to be a hit ! I guess it stands for what America really wants , something catchy , sexy , and thoughtless . I 'm pretty disappointed , because Beyonce has such a lovely voice , and I know she can do better than this .
 Beyonce can Sing , but alot of the material she elects to do is straight up stank . this song sounds like outtakes from her `` Bills , Bills `` Bills '' Era with Destiny 's Child . the Video is good for my eyeballs & this song stays on Mute . I hope One day She will truly challenge herself because she has that `` IT '' but has to have somebody to truly bring it out of her.a bounce cut is cool here & there but the bulk of her tracks just roll on the same wheels .
 I heard this song on radio several times before I realized that the song was by Beyonce . I 've never admired Beyonce 's music style because she 's mainly pop with very little substance . `` Check On It '' has to be the worst song so far in 2006 . The video is just as awful , showing Beyonce caked with make-up , scantily clad , and shaking her behind . I thought she looked ridiculous , especially with that matted cat fur on her head . Basically , the song is about shaking your booty at the club and giving some perverted scumbag permission to grind into the back of you . That 's one of the reasons why I stopped going to the clubs a long time ago because that type of `` dancing '' is just plain vulgar . Anyway , the song sounds better without the guest rapper -LRB- Slim Thug -RRB- , but it 's still an awful song .
 its terrible do n't buy it ! :-LRB- not very impressed with her ... I am done haveing my hopes high that her music would be a hit single I am done I think she should know that her music is not gaining popularity like it use to .
 I have n't been much of a fan of Beyonce Music or her songwriting abilities . She leaves no imagine or thought . She writes like a girl in early junior high school and this song again reminds me of her mindless songwriting and singing . She has A Very Strong and domininating vocal ability and that is a Gift . She is just a Package Goods just like anything that is bad for your health in time it slowly destorying your ears or health . Why , she continues to waste it on stupid mindless songs like this . She is best suited for Opera or music that shows some discpline and vocal skills . If you Check on this Song and buy it . She doesn ; ' t inspire to challenge her abilities . Her Choices of course . I can respect that but I do n't have to buy it . You will evidentally Bounce on Beyonce . Because this song is Just Plain Stupid & Irrating.Slim Thug can you say Dumb on his part and why is a part of this . If yo are into eye candy like most men appear to be sometimes then the video will suit I guess . But , I just thought Beyonce would have some ability to see true longevity for years to come and apparently she is just into shaking her but and providing sub par lyric , songwriting and music . Will it continue to last no because there are Fresh , Inspiring , Gifted Young Ladies that are going to provide the music fans with some Fresh , SoulWinning , Lyrical , and Gifted Voices that will appear and Domnate the music airwaves . Just look at American Idol the music base are looking for Something Different what is force onto them by the Record Companies . By , the way , In why it was ever # 1 for any length of time boggles my mind but I guess at the time no better lyrical songs for music fans to listen too was available and this song was all the Music Air waves to have listen too . What a Shame because there are allot of Gifted Singers , Musican , entertainers that unfortunately just do n't get the Promotion or Recogntion because some of the Record Companies Corporate Greed.My suggestions if you are Beyonce Fan you will buy this but , my listening ear for music would advise you to buy Kelly Clarkson , Fantasia , Faith Hill , Mary J. Blige , Mariah Carey , Faith , Kiki Sheard , Heather Headley , Sheryl Crowe . Or Singers of these ladies caliber . Of course just is to name a few or Gifted , Talent , Inspiring Female Vocals that have a Define Message , and Sometime Fun , Fresh lyric ; s , Great Gifted Vocals , Gifted Lycical either written for them or they wrote themselves.This is just my opinion but , I do n't think I alone with this opinion . Thanks , Enjoy some Great Music this Year and This Summer 2006 !
 this is the worst R&B ; song i 've ever heard , seriously.i like the beyonce in `` the closer i get to you '' , `` dangerously in love '' and `` so amazing `` guys do n't you listen to this garbage
 The sticker on the front of this CD stated that it contained the Album Version of `` Check On It '' taken from Destiny 's Child # 1 's and also contained remixes . After taking the wrapper off and to my surprise , that sticker covered over the bottom right corner where it states that this CD does not contain the Album Version . I just wanted to get the version of this song featured in the new THE PINK PANTHER film . However , that version is not on here . All the cuts on this CD are just remixes . The back of the CD states that that version is available on the soundtrack to THE PINK PANTHER . However , when I checked the soundtrack it states that Beyonce does not perform on that CD . I am totally confused and disappointed .
 I fished this out of a discount record bin after being amused that any retailer would even bother selling a CD that they had marked down to $ 0.50 . I still think I overpaid . Mass Hystereo is an exercise in the most banal , generic of all dance music . It sounds something like a watered down Crystal Method - a blend of big beat and acid house , but in a boring repetitive manner and without anything to set it apart from all the other material out there.It 's totally flavorless music like this that gives dance music a bad name in some circles . God Lives Underwater is responsible for some interesting music , but this side project is so by-the-numbers and unremarkable , that I have to wonder what Jeff Turzo was thinking when he made this.Keep away .
 This product was received with great anticipation , hoping to find something new and exciting for a married couple of 19 years . Unfortunately , most of these sexual positions were minor variations of a few known -LRB- common -RRB- positions that are typical for any adventurous couple . The best portion was the guide to pleasurable anal sex , which was beneficial and even helpful with a few suggested pointers from the narrator.Overall , i -LRB- personally -RRB- did not find the product as exciting or as beneficial as I would have liked . I do believe they could have shown a little more variety in the number of positions rather than variation on a few positions . If this is the best the narrator/producer has to offer , perhaps she should have titled it ` The Complete Guide to the Few Sexual Positions I Know ' ... seriously ... Best Target Audience
 The actors in this dvd must come from the porn film business since they shave their pubic hair off . As for learning anything you would have to be a child to get anything new from it . The girls in this dvd are cute though .
 I fished this out of a discount record bin after being amused that any retailer would even bother selling a CD that they had marked down to $ 0.50 . I still think I overpaid . Mass Hystereo is an exercise in the most banal , generic of all dance music . It sounds something like a watered down Crystal Method - a blend of big beat and acid house , but in a boring repetitive manner and without anything to set it apart from all the other material out there.It 's totally flavorless music like this that gives dance music a bad name in some circles . God Lives Underwater is responsible for some interesting music , but this side project is so by-the-numbers and unremarkable , that I have to wonder what Jeff Turzo was thinking when he made this.Keep away .
 In all fairness , this is Zilo Groove 's debut album and there may be some potential in there somewhere , but this is not enough to redeem the bland mix of elevator jazz and mindless ` sexy talk ' that destroys this effort . I have seen Zilo play live in New York on several occasions and have repeatedly been impressed with his supporting musicians -LRB- ironically finding Zilo himself to be the band 's weakness -RRB- . For a bass player , he has surprisingly little rhythm or feel for the music . Vocally , he is even worse , often mumbling the phrases instead of singing any discernable melodies . But as a frontman , he is more effective , donning a variety of colorful hats and outfits . Unfortunately for this album , Zilo is heard not seen and the results are painful indeed . As a sidenote , I went to his website ... and was surprised to find that he was sponsored by corporations such as Citibank , HBO , Nike , and MTV . Unfortunately , calls to the companies found these claims to be fictitious , adding yet another layer of oddity to this `` musician 's '' offerings .
 I really liked Mouth when I heard it on the radio , and I heard a few clips from the rest of the album . Plus lots of people seem to like it a lot , so I decided to give it a chance . The first four songs are pretty good , but then the rest I did n't like all that much . Then there 's that crap at the end of the CD -- I was utterly amazed at the last track , which was a solid half hour of some slow , very low thumping and little else . What a waste of disc space . Perhaps I chose the wrong CD , because I like a lot of GLUW 's stuff . Just make sure you listen to the whole thing before you buy this one .
 Aside from the lumbering , but still intresting single `` From Your Mouth , '' the rest of this album sounds muddled and un-intresting . The words are song un-emotionaly and some of the music sounds like it could be used on a TV action show like TJ Hooker . Do n't wast your time with this .
 these guys did a bad job on this cd . about 2 or 3 decent songs and the rest of it i cant even remember what they sound like . thats a bad thing because if you cant remember it . . then it means you didnt like it . . empty and the ep were very good in my view but they really let me down with this one . no live instruments it would seem . these guys made a 3rd album and i 've heard a song off it and it sounds really good . . but some record issues prevented them from releasing it . . and seeing how that was 2001 i dont think they are ever coming back . so that means this cd means it was there last effort to the public . . which is a shame . .
 This CD was a waste of my money -LRB- and time -RRB- . I heard the song `` From Your Mouth '' on the radio , and I thought it was pretty funky , so I bought this CD . It is the only good song on this CD . And the sleeve contains nothing more than a big , stupid picture of a businessman walking off a table . I hope for a future where music can be returned if it is unacceptable , so bad artists like this wo n't make money .
 I ran out like a crazed lunatic to get this cd . The last two Cold albums are two of my favorites . Enough pop choruses to keep it catchy but enough despair and grief to keep it from becoming bubblegum . I take it they decided bubblegum was way the go on this one . There are 3 good songs on here , Remedy , Cure My Tragedy and Kill The Music Industry . The rest is pop puke . One of my favorite bands of the last few years show their sense of irony with the song Kill The Music Industry , then turn around and make a music industry safe and friendly album . I never thought I would say this about Cold but this cd , I know I will sound juvenile but so does this cd , it -LSB- stin -RSB- ks . It is so bad that I have backed off of running out to get the new Staind and Deftones cds . This time I will listen to some samples before I buy . I can see it now the music industry is accepting rock again . Now most of the bands of the 90 's will follow Cold and Godsmack and make soundtrack friendly music . Cold used to make me feel a little depressed , a little happy , which was perfect , now they just make me sick .
 Why is it that bands continue to pump out CD 's long before they have enough sustaining content for a truly memorable disk . While Remedy and Stupid Girl almost make this Cd worth the price , the rest of the songs are far from memorable . I kept hoping that something great would grab me after Stupid Girl , but after many fast forwards , I realized that I had bought another one hit wonder band cd .
 I really love Cold . I thought their first two albums were excellent , and I 've been looking forward to this for a long time , but I really ca n't begin to describe how let down I was upon receiving this . More than once , I thought I 'd bought the new Staind album by mistake . It sounds like they 're actually trying to sound like Staind on practically every song . Since I 'm not a fan of Staind , and have always thought that Cold had a much more interesting sound , that is not a good thing.And one more thing
 Was a fan of '13 ways to bleed on stage ' . This album is another main stream tragedy . Poppy enough to fit right in at a U2 concert . Dark and heartfelt you say ? Yeah , if your 14 and grounded .
 I downloaded the songs from Cold 's second album - 13 Ways to Bleed Onstage - when it was still legal and I absolutely loved it . I still consider it one of my favorite albums . So of course when Year of the Spider was released I was anxious to get it . Unfortunately what I found I did not like . It 's been said before in these reviews and I 'll say it again ... this is mainstream rock meant to bring in dollars from mass appeal . The transformation from the debut album -LRB- Cold -RRB- - which is n't anything to right home about - to this one is astounding . The production on `` 13 Ways '' blows `` Year of the ... '' away . So , I would recommend you listen to this first before purchasing . And if you are looking for something with more of an edge , than definitely look into their second album -LRB- 13 Ways to Bleed Onstage -RRB- . I would avoid the first album as well .
 This album sounds exactly like all the other rocks songs that you hear when you turn on your local rock radio station . If you like that kind of thing , then this is the music for you.Me ? I yearn for something original.What makes this band stand out in comparison to all the other popular radio rock bands out there right now ? You tell me ... because I do n't see it .
 What in the hell happened to Cold ? This band , whose first two albums -LRB- their self titled debut and `` 13 Ways to Bleed On Stage '' -RRB- were strong heavy pieces of melodic hard rock , has seemingly been stripped of any emotion and real rocking grooves . This time around just about every song on `` Year of the Spider '' sounds made for radio and the metal grooves that were there before are no longer here . Now I would never want to sound like a jerk -LRB- wink , wink -RRB- , and I do n't mean any disrespect to the guys in the band , but talent wise they do n't even sound like the same band I used to listen to . Honestly though this does n't really surprise me ; considering the success that Staind and Incubus found with stripping all the metal elements out of their sound has become a blueprint for new wan na be hard rock bands to make a quick buck , but I have n't been as disappointed as much as before as I am now that I see Cold doing the same thing . Do yourself a favor , you want real hard rock , stick with Faith No More , Biohazard , C.O.C. , or Down , or if you want something newer than listen to Audioslave or Queens of the Stone Age , and leave this album as a drink coaster .
 Wanting some new metal , I accidently bought this CD . It has opened a new world for me . I never knew so many people lived with this music , listened to it often and called it ` cool ' . It 's like a parallel dimension of boredom and suck suddenly entered my existence.Please , at least listen to Alice in Chains instead . Ha , that 's like comparing a cathedral to a brick.This CD destroys more souls than 666 black metal bands .
 If you like the bands listed above in that order then you will like this album . For me , I ca n't listen to an album like this too long before getting bored . Many of the songs sound the same , especially the vocals . The vocals are good , but too much of the same sound gets me about three songs into the album before I 'm looking for another CD . 13 Ways is a better album . It has more variety .
 To sum it up , Cold started theier album career with a very good debut album that seemed to garner the band a bit of street cred as a band who were dangerous and dark , dude.They could have even been quoted in the same sentance as a band like TooL , they were that good.But this album is just what Nickleback and Creed fans have been waiting for , slow mid tempo riffs , detuned guitars , boring meaningless lyrics , basically everything that you 've heard before , and perfect for the mindless mass American market.Which is a shame coz they could have been a good modern heavy metal band , but i guess they still have to pay off there label advance , and had to give thier sound mass appeal.If you dont have taste in good rock , you will love this , if you are a puritan and hard rock obbsessive , you wont even care .
 While the first single Stupid Girl caught my attention , the rest of this album made me sorry to have wasted my money on it . My previous experience with Cold had been the song Bleed -LRB- with Aaron Lewis , horray for cookie cutter hard rock ... -RRB- which I liked , so I hoped for more from this cd.This album offers nothing new or imaginative . Lyrically its stereotypical i-feel-sorry-for-myself-and-want-everyone-else-to rock -LRB- Staind fans will like this one -RRB- , and musically its the same formula repeated 13 times . I had a hard time finishing any of these songs , being sufficiently bored by the second verse most times.Stay away from this one . If you really want some angry music , listen to some Metallica or something with some creativity included .
 I wanted to like this record , I really did . But to be honest , it 's one of the more over-hyped , disappointing releases outside the realm of Metallica . Now we 've all heard the heavy sing along chorus of `` Stupid Girl '' and it 's a great song . Too bad the rest of the album has no such other redeeming moments . I 'm not one of these guys who hates bands that try something different . Hell , I even consider myself a big time Cold fan . `` 13 Ways '' was a killer record with lots of different material on it . The bleakness is still here , on songs like `` Cure My Tragedy '' and `` Suffocate . '' But the spark of there previous work is noticeably absent . Other songs , like the tribute number `` The Day Seattle Died '' and the laughable `` Kill the Music Industry '' seem very ponderous and almost pretentious . Too bad , Cold has a ton of talent , but here they 're just going through the motions .
 I have been a big supporter of Cold , love 13 Ways to Bleed Onstage . I rushed out to buy this and to say I am depressed could be a good thing considering I am listening to Cold , but my depression comes from knowing I spent money on a manufactured pop cd . Three or four good songs that are sure to be sinlges , `` Stupid Girl '' , `` Remedy '' are the obvious two . The rest is the same song with slight changes . I rated their last album a 5 year before last when I bought it , so I am not somebody that does n't like these guys . I just think they rushed this album . Not for sure what has happened to Scooter 's voice either . They have been together for 15 years so hopefully by the time the next album comes out they can muster something better then this . Buy the self-titled and 13 Ways to Bleed Onstage way before even considering buying this .
 I really liked this group , when they were Stained , the CD sounds EXACTLY like Staind 's . So , if you really like Stained and can not wait two more weeks for their new CD , get this one . It 's not a bad sound at all , but it 's been done hense the two star raiting . These guys look really -LSB- good -RSB- in their video , but it is all just a show , they are soft all over , I 'll be the first to coin the phrase `` radio metal '' because they are hard , harder than Phil Collins , Sting , Britney Spears , Backstreet Boys , and the like , but they got nothing on Metallica , Megadeth , Marilyn Manson , Rammstein , Godsmack and other rarely played metal music . In fact , when I first saw these guys , Godsmack is what I thought , a Godsmack knock off , but i found they were nowhere near that caliber . Apparently the band has been together for 15 years , as Limp Bizkit and Stained . Basically , if you like Stained , buy the CD , if not AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS .
 Horrible , horrible horrible . It is time that we as a society begin to tell corporate record companies that `` music '' -LRB- I use this term loosely , because it is far from music -RRB- like this is not acceptable . They have quickly charged up the worst ten bands of all time list to number do , and Trapt is doing all they can to hold this band off . If you catch this Cold , you 'll soon be vomitting .
 Ok , this band tries to look tough in their video -LRB- for whatever reason , I guess we 'll never know -RRB- for `` Stupid Girl '' , but their sound is so far from intimidating , it is quite laughable . This is another overrated band that lacks melody and I feel sorry for the fans who have been brainwashed by their record company and radio stations that have pushed this `` melodic brilliance '' -LRB- sarcastic of course -RRB- upon the tone deaf of America . I wonder who this band 's influences are . My guesses are modern Metallica -LRB- post Black album -RRB- , Limp Bizkit , garbage bags , dirty dishes , and body odor .
 Skip.STUPID CDSTUPID LYRICSSTUPID NAME FOR THE ALBUMSTUPID NAME FOR THE FIRST SINGLESkip .
 I bought this CD with very high expectations but , they were all let down . Remedy , Stupid Girl and Kill the Music Industry are the only good songs on the album , all the rest are just ballads that all sound the same . I should have gotten the new Marilyn Manson album instead because this is horrible !
 I would never buy this album , one of my ... friends has this and I wanted to check it out to see how ... it was , and guess what ? It was worse than what I expected and that is pretty bad . The production on Care Bears has better tunes than this ...
 Never seen the band live but this CD is a big disappointment.The sound is a low budget version of Santana / Los Lonely Boys.The songs are lame and way too commercial . Hope their next album turns out to be better -LRB- a lot -RRB- .
 Listen man , I have jammed to desol LIVE I 'm sure MANY MORE times than the next person and I was a huge supporter of Spanish Radio too , but lets be serious ... this new version is TERRIBLE ! The cover is awful and the music sounds WAY TOO COMMERCIAL !!! Everything they went against they became ... karma .
 Its ok , Im not too crazy about the lead singers voice , He sounds congested . The music is n't that bad.It sounds better after few drinks.Its a great wannabe spanish cd .
 this album was ok but my suggestion is to get Dr. Buzzard & the original Savannah Band if you want the best of this type of music - Kid Creole and the Coconuts was birthed from Dr. Buzzard so why not get the original
 This play was overcooked with bad actors and costumes . It was too long . I gave it a three time try and fell asleep each time .
 I was disappointed after watching the DVD . I would have liked to have known that it was an on-stage play instead of the movie I thought that it was . This was not made clear or stated .
 This movie had a lot of bad acting , which was a big distraction . It was not worth purchasing . It was a very slow movie , and took forever to get to the end of the movie .
 I could n't get into this play . I 'm not expecting every Black play to be like Tyler Perry or anything but I did expect it to be at least catchy during the first half . The jokes were corny and I did n't like the acting .
 This single contains two remixes of `` Dance Commander '' and the original album version . The first track is the Benny Benassi Satisfaction Remix . This remix alright , but first two minutes a bit repetitive . The second track is the Fatboy Slim Dub Mix , which is not very good . The music sounds nothing like the original `` Dance Commander '' , and the words do n't go well with the beat . The third and best track is the album version of `` Dance Commander '' . Overall , this single was not that great . I would recommend the other `` Dance Commander '' single which has the tracks `` Dance Commander -LRB- Radio Edit -RRB- '' , `` I Am Detroit '' , and `` Dance Commander -LRB- Soulchild Extended Night Version -RRB- '' .
 I have been waiting a while for this album to come out , and this is the best he can come up with ? It 's all dated !!! There is nothing new or innovatve at all on this album . This coming from Perry is a huge dissapointment . He has lost it , and the only way to stay in the limelight is to re-unite Jane 's ... once again . Please give me a break ! Either stay together or do n't re-unite and keep Jane 's as it is ... a legend . Do not waste your cash on this piece of electronic crap . I would have goven it no stars but unfortunately , amazon does n't give you that choice .
 First of all , I was never a huge fan of Jane 's Addiction , so if you are you might want to disregard this review . They were one of the most interesting bands from the early nineties , but I never enjoyed listening to them that much . Perhaps the best part of the band was Dave Navarro 's excellent guitar work , not Farrell 's high-pitched vocals . This album is not Jane 's Addiction . It is techno-electronic trash that is only redeemed by some interesting song writing . Farrell 's vocals do n't even sound the way they did when he was with Jane 's Addiction or Porno For Pyros . Not being a fan of Farrell 's previous work , I found little to enjoy with this album . Jane 's fans should definitely check out Dave Navarro 's ` Trust No One ' . It 's a lot truer to the band 's original music , and it 's a lot more enjoyable .
 I have been waiting a while for this album , or anything by Perry for that matter . This is what I waited for ? This has got to be one of the , no THE WORST records of the year . Perry is usually ahead a few years of what is going on in music . This ... has already been done and already dated , I mean , this sounds more retro than what should really be the future . The first track is not thing more than your standard junlge beat , some trippy music and Perry 's vocals-really origional . If this is the best he can do , then there is no hope-he has lost all credibilty for making music . He knew he made ... so He , once again brings out Jane 's Addiciton . Either reunite for good , or let it be what it is , a legend . I would give this no stars , but unfortunately they have it from 1-5 . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ALBUM .
 I LIKE MAYBE 1 OR 2 SONGS FROM THE WHOLE CD . IT IS MAINLY REGGAE , WHICH I DONT LIKE . I 'M MORE OF A REGGAETON SHAKE YOUR BOOTY PERRIANDO TYPE OF GIRL
 This album would rank , alongside her ` Rainbow ' album , as among the worst bankrupt tripe ever foisted on the listening public of the world . Unlike the rest of her catalogue , except the aforementioned ` Rainbow ' album , musically this album is bankrupt ... aimless pop music . Her voice is the only redeeming quality here , but on her albums you know you 're going to get that anyway . So , along with the ` Rainbow ' album , it 's the music that lets this one down . One to be avoided .
 I just saw the commercial on television and I would have to say that it is a reggae mix of no reggae songs what so ever . It is all trash with dudes that pretend to have crappy fake jamaican accents . Avoid at all costs . So if you want a reggae mix that doesnt have one reggae song on it , go right ahead and waste your money !
 The unit I received has a lot of audio distortion . Even though it 's a digital CD , it sounds as if an analog recording was overdriven during the transfer from analog to digital.The distortion is such that it makes the speakers sound as if they are breaking up , but it make the same sound through three different speaker sets and two different amplifiers.My wife loves the songs and is willing to overlook the distortion . I have to leave the area because it drive me nuts .
 This is one of Sir Paul 's weakest albums , in fact , of his 70 's albums only Red Rose Speedway & Wildlife are weaker . The CD includes the hit `` Let 'Em In '' which is one of his WORST songs . I would bet that at sometime John Lennon swore that McCartney would write a song about someone knocking on the door ! The CD also has the hit `` Silly Love Songs '' which might be schmaltzy but is a good song nonetheless . It contains one of his greatest bass lines . Of the remaining songs I 'm impressed with `` Beware My Love '' & `` Wino Junko '' . The latter song was composed by his lead guitarist Jimmy McCulloch who also does the lead vocal.The worst song on the CD is `` Cook of the House '' , vocal by Linda . This is one song that should have never been recorded . There 's a Denny Laine composition `` Time to Hide '' that 's okay . The drummer Joe English does the vocal on the McCartney composition `` Must Do Something About It '' ; the vocal is pretty good , it 's the song that 's weak . There are also three bonus tracks that are `` Walking in the Park With Eloise '' -LRB- an instrumental written by Sir Paul 's father James -RRB- , `` Bridge on the River Suite '' -LRB- another instrumental written by Sir Paul that is light jazz ! -RRB- & `` Sally G '' -LRB- a country song -RRB- . Proceed at your own risk unless you 're a serious Paul McCartney fan .
 Sorry Macca fans everywhere , but this record is n't very good . There are a couple of melodies worth noting -LRB- San Ferry Anne , Warm and Beautiful -RRB- , but anything that Silly Love Songs on it really stinks.Again , I 'm amazed at how a genius like McCartney can put out such meaningless trite garbage .
 This album tends to parallel George Harrison 's `` Extra Texture '' album in many ways . The packaging was somewhat similar . When the sleeves of McCartney and Harrison 's other albums had wonderful artwork , all these two albums had were giant letters on the cover which is about as mundane a sleeve as an album can have . . . even a picture of the singer himself on the front cover would have been preferable.Secondly , the music on the album is as mundane as the sleeve . The only song on George Harrison 's `` Extra Texture '' that had any get-up-and-go to it was `` You '' , and even that song was mediocre . On `` Wings at the Speed of Sound '' there were only two McCartney songs - by McCartney - that were the least bit interesting . Those were `` Silly Love Songs '' and `` Let ` Em In '' and even these two were so mediocre they were practically irrelevant . `` Beware My Love '' is a very poor attempt at being a hard rock song . McCartney 's voice is horse and the lyrics were too stupid ... and the song still has no get-up-and-go . It is as bland as the other songs.The timing of this album 's release is also interesting . It was less than a year after `` Venus and Mars '' was released which tells me that McCartney may have been under contract to make another album in a short period of time just as George Harrison was when he made `` Extra Texture '' . I 'll wager this is the scenario that happened . It would explain why `` Speed of Sound '' sounds like so little effort was put into it . There was n't much `` feel '' or `` emotion '' in this album . It was as though McCartney was doing math problems.McCartney was the author of classics like `` Yesterday '' and `` Hey Jude '' and even most of his solo albums were top notch . If McCartney were basically a very bad artist , an album such as `` Speed of Sound '' would n't be much of a surprise or a disappointment , but McCartney is one of the world 's greatest and there is just no excuse.Still , all in all , this album is definitely better than `` Wild Life '' which was McCartney 's absolute disgrace . In addition , we hear the rudimentary beginning of Denny Lane 's possible solo career . Surprisingly , his two songs on the album sound much better than all of McCartney 's songs . I 'll give this album two stars instead of one .
 Ah , Wings At The Speed Of Sound . Or , as I like to call it , When Things Go Horribly , Horribly Wrong.WatSoS is probably the first -LRB- and last -RRB- album that Wings was truly a full band . Of the 11 tracks , 5 of them were sung by someone other than Paul , and Denny Laine and Jimmy McCulloch also got songwriting credits on their songs . Even Linda got a number -LRB- more on THAT in a bit -RRB- . After the bigtime sucess of Band on the Run and Venus and Mars , Wings was on a commercial and creative roll . So ... what happened ? 1976 started out pleasant enough . After a December 75 vacation in Hawaii where Paul wrote a bunch of songs -LRB- including `` Silly Love Songs '' -RRB- , Wings hit the studio in January for the WatSoS sessions -LRB- in which the entire album was recorded in one shot . Including a studio version of `` Soily '' that has yet to surface . -RRB- Two months later the album dropped to ... to , well , some pretty poor reviews . Paul seemed to be creatively bereft this time around . The album seemed to lack the hooks , catchy melodies , spontaneity , pretty much all of the energy of the previous albums.That did n't stop the album from being a commercial success . It went Platinum and hit # 1 in the US , # 2 in numerous countries , and generally Top 10 across the world . Paul achieved yet another # 1 hit with `` Silly Love Songs '' , which spent 5 weeks topping the charts . The album 's other big single , `` Let 'Em In '' , also hit big , going as high as # 3 and a # 1 Easy Listening hit to bit.And that 's the issue with this album
 In 1976 , Paul had every reason to make a decent album . Their previous album , `` Venus and Mars '' was n't bad , but could n't match the success of `` Band On The Run '' . An extensive tour was to follow in the wake of their new album . Under the circumstances , it 's unbelievable that Paul released such a shockingly bad album as `` At The Speed Of Sound '' . His ability to judge his own work must be close to non-existent ! Wings most democratic album , every member of the band sings lead vocal on at least one track . Yes , even Linda . `` Cook Of The House '' is a dreadful song in itself , and her performance does n't exactly help it . Guitarist Jimmy McCullochs vocal on `` Wino Junko '' -LRB- horrible song !! -RRB- is among the worst I have ever heard on record . Guitarist Denny Laine 's vocal -LRB- two equally horrible songs -RRB- is so lame , bad and charmless I wan na jump out of the window when I hear it . Drummer Joe English isactually the one who gives the best vocal performance here . His vocal on `` Must Do Something About It '' actually adds some charm to a very weak composition.What a catastrophy this album was ! I mean , even though they were bad , `` Wild Life '' and `` Red Rose Speedway '' did at least have some charm and entertainment value . This album does n't even have that . It 's just plain BAD !
 This is a typical McCartney/Wings solo album -- a few good songs and the rest filler -LRB- if not junk -RRB- . Linda McCartney ' song , Cook of the House , has to be one of the all time WORST songs . But , Silly Love Songs , Let 'Em In , and Beware My Love redeem this disk , somewhat .
 Frankly , this one is for hard-core McCartney fans only . I 've been a total Beatle fanatic since their earth-shattering TV appearance in ' 64 , but every historian or knowledgeable musician will tell you that the ` magic ' music recipe they possessed was indescribable ; so powerful that to this day the Beatles are THE example by which all others are measured . But when they became solo artists everything changed . They produced a few unforgettable songs and albums , but all told , they had become ` part of the crowd ' . One of the best examples of this was Wings At The Speed Of Sound . If I did n't know this was McCartney I would have described it as '' ... fluffy drivel '' . Considering that the best track is `` Silly Love Songs '' , which is precisely what it is , tells the whole story . Plodding through a painfully superficial album of ` product ' music was hard enough , but after `` Cook of the House '' it was time to stop eating the candy and reach for some steak . McCartney addicts consider anything he does a must-have , but for casual listeners there is far , far better elsewhere in the McCartney catalog .
 In what is most definitley the worst Wings album , Paul McCartney shows us that heroes do fall -- hard and long and slowly , to the point where * you * ca n't stand it anymore . And do n't let the two hit singles fool you.Wings at the Speed of Sound * should * have been a success
 After the high standards established by `` Band on the Run '' and `` Venus and Mars , '' Paul McCartney and Wings display their group unity by producing a remarkably mediocre album . Released to coincide with the band 's American tour , `` Wings at the Speed of Sound '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- has two hit singles - `` Silly Love Songs '' and `` Let 'Em In '' - the snappy rocker `` Beware My Love '' and plenty of obvious filler . The low point is Linda 's embarrassing `` Cook of the House . '' Despite the tour 's phenomenal success , the decline of Wings as a studio entity begins here .
 If there 's anything to be said about Wings At The Speed Of Sound is that the album is really worth it for 1 track - `` Beware My Love '' . It 's the only place where you 'll find the studio version of this song -- other than on the B-side of the Let 'Em In Single.Now why this song was NOT released on Wingspan , is beyond me.Other than that - the only other songs that are good IMO is Time To Hide -LRB- the WOA version is far better -RRB- and the 2 hit singles Let Em In and Silly Love Songs.Part of the problem is that Paul decided to split the album up among the other members of Wings -- giving the album a collaborative feel . Other than the Denny Lane tracks , it does n't really work.Bottom Line
 In the 50 's most artist 's made albums very quickly and cheaply to capitalize on their singles . Albums were an after thought designed to sell more units , profit -LRB- again -RRB- from a sucessful single and as an excuse to tour . This was the landscape of music prior to the mid 60 's when the Beatles -LRB- along with the Stones , Kinks , Who , CCR , etc. -RRB- helped change the music landscape.Here McCartney creates the album as tour program and , in the process , reverts to the 50 's formula for albums . ATSOS was clearly created out of the odds and ends McCartney had floating around the studio -LRB- or house -RRB- with no serious intent on creating a `` great '' album . It 's excuse for existence is the tour of America that followed its release.While its admirable that Paul chose to let the other members of Wings have more input on the album , it also bogs ATSOS down with mediocre material . It 's more than likely that Paul allowed a more democractic album simply because he did n't have enough first rate material and knew it . It 's also possible that he wanted to create the appearence that Wings was a real band and not just the backdrop to his musical stage show.Whatever the case , ATSOS is among the weakest albums made by the `` band '' . Let 'em In , despite its top 40 potential , is a third rate McCartney tune a la Your Mother Should Know -LRB- i.e. , its uninspired -RRB- . Silly Love Songs captures the flavor of mid 70 's disco and demonstrates that Paul 's ability as an arranger is still strong . It 's one of the better songs on the album . Time To Hide by Denny Laine is a stand out among most of the material as is Wino Junko . Beware My Love is one of those McCartney rockers that jumps out to surprise you just when you thought the album was going to get worse . Beware My Love is this album 's secret weapon and one of the best mid 70 's rockers McCartney wrote . Macca 's shredding lead vocal and the strong hook make this into a minor classic.This is n't a horrible album just disappointing . It still has enough memorable moments to make it worth owning for hardcore McCartney fans . Those of you wondering what all the fuss was about with the Beatles and McCartney would do well to stick their better albums.Luckily , Paul would rekindle the flame that ignited his best works -LRB- briefly -RRB- during the early 80 's and again in the late 80 's - late 90 's .
 The smiths a band of the nineties ? Anyway , despite the fact that Morrissey and Marr were very against the release of this album the songs are great . Marr 's guitar playing is the best and Morrissey 's lyrics are wonderful . The songs do not sound that much better from the older albums . I suggest people just get an older album that the Smiths actualy wanted to release and that is not full of printing errors in the song titles . Oh yes , the Smiths were an 80 's band that have inspired many bands of today , not a 90 's grunge band .
 Nothing great aobut this , it 's a poor reissue of the Smiths singles . . In response to the above review . It 's , `` I AM the SON and the HEIR '' not `` sun and the air '' Jesus . . 90 's band , eh ? SMITHS BROKE UP IN 1986-87 . . The commericial was for NISSIAN not Toyota , I ca n't believe someone even writes reviews . Smiths a grunge band ? Oh my lord . I 'm laughing .
 I have really never before heard such boring band with singer who has a such retard and irritating voice . All songs sound the same . `` How soon is now '' is probably only song that I could listen to . Guys ... tell me please what do you see in this music ? It 's really nothing in it . This music has not any taste at all . If you want good bands , buy `` Dire Straits '' , `` U2 '' or `` Coldplay '' then . This band has no future . This is my opinion and you can shoot me if you want , but this music still will not be good .
 I have placed this order in the middle of December it is on the 15th of January I still have not received it . I would like to know as to when will it finally get to SA ?
 This is one of those albums that Virgin put out where they had no idea what the hell they were doing -LRB- with the exception of their Gregory stuff -RRB- ... they were just going for certain Jamaican `` names '' of the day -LRB- around 1976 -RRB- . The production has no feel and sounds like I-Roy wrote the lyrics and maybe put some thought into what he was saying but it did n't come across - it 's disjointed , off time and he does n't sound at one with the riddims . I suspect the vocals were probably recorded in London , on top of the imported Jamaican riddims hence , very difficult to duplicate the amazing feel of the best authentic Jamaican I-Roy hits . I can just imagine it now - I-Roy freezing his ass off in London :-RRB- I 'd even suggest that Virgin mixed it in London too because again , it sounds too clean and correct - unlike the rougher Jamaican mixes . Give this one a miss .
 After all the years of down time between record deals , this fan expected more than this generic offering that barely catches fire when it tries to rock and bores this listener when it slows down .
 Ive owned this CD now for 2 weeks ... Heres an honest view after listening to each song , and the bonus tracks several times :1 . I wont be keeping this CD in my current rotation .2 . It just doesnt have enough ... `` memorable '' tunes to be considered a `` good '' CD , and judging from the under-enthusiastic Amazon sales value , doesnt seem to be the `` hit '' JE was waiting/looking for .3 . Its a MAJOR departure from his previous CD 's ... there are 2 upbeat , loud , `` harder-edged '' rock-type tunes on the CD -LRB- Down at ... and Lowlife -RRB- ... one of his current `` signature '' tunes that he performs at every live show -LRB- F-ing 40 -RRB- ... one tune that was/is getting limited airplay -LRB- Let me down -RRB- ... and the rest ?????? My GOD they 're as bland and generic as anything ANYONE has ever done ! I completely agree with the earlier reviewer who noted the same thing
 Wow ! What can I say ! Ive followed JE for a lot of years ... and while some of these tunes are no surprise whatsoever because he 's only played `` Forty '' about 40,000 times now , I have to wonder just what the hell he was thinking when he put this group together . This IS a departure from anything he 's done in the past ... its not nearly as rocking or `` fun '' as his last self-promoted studio piece from 2 years ago ... hell its not even as good as his live , `` Guy walks into a bar '' CD ... and its just not that great . Im a fan of JE 's ... one of `` the faithful '' ... but I have to agree with the Amazon.com-guy 's review . Its ... `` ok '' at best ? I was expecting much more ... I wont go into a `` song by song '' description here ... y' all know half of them already ... what Ive finally come to understand and accept after all the years bouncing after JE from places like Buck Smiths 's , to the Italian restaraunt he played a private gig in last year , is simply this
 I picked this up for free from a radio station otherwise I never would have spent good money on it . The songs John Eddie thinks are funny are n't . I just do n't have any sympathy that he is 40 . And even the song that gets airplay `` Let Me Down Hard '' is just plain boring . And is there any reason that John Eddie really has to put out an album that I ca n't play around my kids ?
 absolutely terrible !!!!!! the worst i ever heard from buddy miles . i have most all his work this one honestly went out the window at 60 mph !! do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this thing two months ago and it still has n't been delivered . Now they want me to write a review when I have n't even gotten the CD . This is the second time this has happened . Amazon , you fell off .
 This CD was given a good review in Baggers magazine so I thought I would try it . Turns out to be a somewhat pale version of the Holmes Bros. sound . Not really bad just bland by comparison .
 Forced myself to listen to the first three songs . This cd is simply aweful .
 If you like ultra modern productions coupled with 270 year old music then you will love this DVD . Personally I 'm not such a good reviewer on the music of this DVD . Because of the inappropriate staging of this production , I could only stand to watch the first couple arias before hitting the `` power '' button on my DVD player.One thing I do n't AT ALL understand is why you have an ensemble of musicians dedicated to historically informed performances and then couple it with a staging reminicent of the SNL `` Sprockets '' sketch from the 1980 's !!! Buy a CD and listen to the music only , if you 're like me you 'll be much happier . What 's with the French detroying their own culture anyway ? Les Indes Gallantes is 100 % better in all respects .
 This si for die hard fans only ! If you like the Meters , you may not nessicarily like Fire On The Bayou . The 1st song is ok , but by the time you get to track 3 , you pretty much knwo hwo the whole album is going to sound . PREDICTIBLE , and a little mundane .
 I struggled to hear some of the more delicate sounds as -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the whole album is too heavy on bass and much of the beauty lost somehow . I tried to listen with headphones but just could not get that haunting feeling . The song `` Sister Drum '' is good though and if they released this album again in a `` new & improved '' format , I would give it another go !
 i spent a year studying in china alongside tibetan college students and travelling in and out of tibet itself . in the minds of many of my tibetan friends , this artist 's music was not as tibetan as it could be . in fact , many said that it was more chinese than tibetan . my own opinion reflects thiers after i was given one of her tapes as i favor the local tibetan musicians/artists that are only found in china/tibet .
 When I bought this , the option to listen to the songs was n't working . It appears to be working now , but here 's my warning anyway
 All the songs are played by what sounds like one or two street market musicians . Very poor taste interpretation
 I only own 2 AA releases ... `` Natural Elements '' & `` The New Edge '' , so I thought by buying this I could catch up to speed with this very talented duo . Nope . This is absolutely , gut wrenchingly , boring . Music for people who do n't like music . Nothing is memorable ... it is bland as a mash potato sandwich on white bread . The most disappointing `` Best Of '' collection I 've ever heard .
 I will firmly admit that I am a Bryan fan , and will no doubt remain so regardless of what he churns out , but I try to forget his material from the 1990s . Everything from his first album through Reckless just got better and better , and Into the Fire was without doubt the best thing he ever did . That album , in fact , is one of my top ten favorites by any artist . But listening to all the Amazon reviews raving about Waking Up the Neighbours , I wonder if any of you have ever listened to his previous work at all . Fans waited four years or so for Adams to come out with this album , and it appears to me that , after having his fallout with Jim Vallance , Adams rummaged around for any co-writer he could find , and the result was this 80-minute-long buckshot spray of unsatisfying garage-band pop -LRB- `` hey , with 15 tracks , a couple are BOUND to hit the charts '' -RRB- . For this album , Bryan apparently decided that he needed to reduce both his vocabulary and the range of his subject matter . In 1987 he wrote songs about the First World War , the surviving pride of the First Nations despite generations of indignities , introspective longing for a distant loved one , and the existential , dark and yet ultimately optimistic title track , `` Into the Fire . '' In 1991 , however , he churned out a dozen odes to superficiality , running -LRB- to vary a quote from a famous film review -RRB- the gamut of themes from A to B. Basically , it was this album which made me start listening to people who said that Adams had sold out , and his subsequent efforts -LRB- `` 18 'til I die '' , Bryan ? Oh , spare me ... -RRB- which convinced me that he had . NOTE TO MR. ADAMS -- you 're a good 25 years out of high school now . That means you no longer have to pretend you 're stupid to be cool . You have already convinced us you 're cool . We like you . Now please stop writing this drivel and get back to composing some quality .
 This album is downright bad . Songs and lyrics range from stupid to horrendeous . I like 80 's music and but this is just too much . Its beyond cheesy , dry , overproduced and entirely laughable - think a mutant cross of van-halen , def leppard and shania twain . Nothing works here at all from the dull rock attempts to the tired ballads.This is one of the worst examples of corporate rock I 've heard by a famous artist .
 OK , the song of Robin Hood is the song of our marriage , so have to like it , but have liked other Adams offerings more though many find some great tunes .
 The team-up of Bryan Adams with Mutt Lange should have been a marriage made in heaven . First , the good news - the music is exceptional , the playing fantastic , and the production first rate . Then comes the bad news - the lyrics . Bryan Adams has never been the world 's best lyricist , but he outdoes himself here . The mega-hit `` Everything I Do -LRB- I Do It For You -RRB- '' points this out pretty well , especially in the `` I 'd fight for you/I 'd lie for you/Walk the wire for you/Yeah , I 'd die for you '' part . Songs like `` Is Your Mama Gon na Miss Ya ? '' and `` If You Wan na Leave Me , Can I Come Too ? '' -LRB- odd note
 Pleases understand , I am not a very critical kind of person . I live on Kauai . What 's not to like :-RRB- BUT , after all of the great reviews by so many other purchasers , I anxiously awaited my copy of Carmina Burana . I was even scheduling a party to show it to my fellow chorus members in anticipation of our performance in 5 months . While the video is reasonably good , the audio is so very poor . I am not an audiophile so I can not tell you if the problem was the the microphones -LRB- Berlin Orchestra ? hard to believe -RRB- , the sound mixer or the duplication . I even tried the DVD on my brand new computer with Beats audio hoping -LRB- not really -RRB- that there was a problem with my brand new Sharp LED television and Polk audio speakers , and while it was perhaps a bit better with my headphones , it was still marginal at best . I tried `` playing '' with the several effects provided to me by my BEATS audio but nothing made a real difference . And why they use the whole screen to display the name of the song for 30 seconds once the song starts is beyond me . Yes , for the very first 30 seconds of the performance you are watching a static screen displaying the name of the song . ARGHHHH ! OK , back to checking out all of the other DVD 's and hoping I am not so disappointed with my next DVD purchase .
 I 'm not a big fan of Joe or of `` world music '' but I listened to this because a friend lent it to me . It is certainly competently done , but for listeners perhaps more sophisticated than I am .
 When I bought this , the option to listen to the songs was n't working . It appears to be working now , but here 's my warning anyway
 I hate this cd . The worst thing you can buy . This is so bad . Do yourself a favor do n't buy this . Save your money !
 The other reviewers ' evocation of ambient music is very apt . But jazz can be more challenging than that . How could someone who had done more interesting work with Parker and Coltrane fall into this mind-numbing mood music ? The blandness is depressing
 I am attempting to like this . The horrible hiss that fills in between the notes is louder than some of the music . It reminds me of the low quality of initial compact disks and the flat quality and amplified hiss that came in those initial jewel cases.This review is for the Amazon mp3 download .
 there are 107 reviews on this album , so I do n't have much to add . I am into jazz music myself & have at least 16 of his recordings . His finest work was done during his `` Quintet '' tears with Coltrane . Nobody could play a ballad like Miles with his muted trumpet . On the up tempo stuff , he was n't the best technician , but his spacing was great . Miles once said -LRB- about jazz -RRB- ; `` if you ai n't got nuttin ' to say , do n't say nuttin ' . '' He sure had nothing to say on this album . 2 stars .
 Shhh , do n't tell anyone but Miles and his `` in your face '' trumpet give me a headache.I like funk and groove so I should have done a bit more homework before trying out the jazz scene . For me this CD is mostly silent except for some irritating trumpet blowing like foxtail into your eardrums.I was about to give up on the whole jazz scene when I came upon Panthalassa . Track 1 of that CD -LRB- In a silent way/Shhh/Peaceful -RRB- is nice ; smoothing out and grooving out Miles while staying true
 It must have been in the small print somewhere , yet I am not able to use the CD on any of my CD players . This makes me very unhappy as I was looking forward to hearing the music.I would give it ZERO stars if that was an option .
 ... as soon as you listen to it once , you 're going to want the Complete Sessions boxset ! : -RRB-
 Scour the used vinyl bins for this one and the other fantastic Wackers LPs because whoever mastered this piece of aural junk needs to be re-schooled . This CD sounds like it 's coming out of a cheap transistor radio . No warmth , no highs , no lows . It 's just a harsh digital soup . So much the pity after waiting for so long for the Wackers to come out on CD . Because they were a great band and Shredder , while uneven , has so much magic that the music itself can elevate and inspire . What a travesty , Collector 's Choice . You robbed us of hearing this classic album the way it should be heard - as music . Instead we get pinched ear-bleeding crap that insults the art it contains .
 Amazon.com is doing buyers a great disservice by allowing certain companies to market and sell inferior products like the Parrott `` Messiah '' . Reissued on Arabesque , it 's sold cheap , -LRB- much cheaper than the high-priced originals being hawked by CD by opportunists -RRB- , but you get what you pay for
 Just as the oh-so-horrible BATTLEFIELD EARTH came close to setting a new low for cinema , so to does the music by Elia Cmiral . After hearing about how the film left a foul stench behind , I figured that at least the music had to be OK.Boy , was I wrong.This score is putrid in that MST3K way
 This is not a strong Strapping Young Lad release . Compared to previous releases it 's very shallow , watered down and why the F % ^ & is biff naked featured ?? leave that creepy no talent bitc & where she is and make some good metal . Again this album is decent , better than anything in Townsend 's fan mislead , failure of a solo career but is n't as good as anything else in SYL catalog .
 I get the impression that this album was rushed to production , and the final result demonstrates that . They had to get something out in time for a run on Ozzfest , and this album resultingly -LRB- at least to me -RRB- sounds like a good amount of focus , effort , and real creativity were compromised in favor of efficiency . That 's unfortunate b/c their other 3 most recent albums are pretty incredble ... namely Alien and City . But i wo n't hold it against the band . There are a couple songs here i enjoy , but it just is n't the same sound that i associate with SYL . Overall it is an unfortunate letdown , but i 'll always have their others to listen to instead ...
 Sounds like an old record ... which it is . A couple songs are OK , but save your money unless you are 80 years old .
 This is one of those albums that Virgin put out where they had no idea what the hell they were doing -LRB- with the exception of their Gregory stuff -RRB- ... they were just going for certain Jamaican `` names '' of the day -LRB- around 1976 -RRB- . The production has no feel and sounds like I-Roy wrote the lyrics and maybe put some thought into what he was saying but it did n't come across - it 's disjointed , off time and he does n't sound at one with the riddims . I suspect the vocals were probably recorded in London , on top of the imported Jamaican riddims hence , very difficult to duplicate the amazing feel of the best authentic Jamaican I-Roy hits . I can just imagine it now - I-Roy freezing his ass off in London :-RRB- I 'd even suggest that Virgin mixed it in London too because again , it sounds too clean and correct - unlike the rougher Jamaican mixes . Give this one a miss .
 You can only leave a good review for Neyo or you get your review removed from the list . But I have over 500 cd 's , so my expectations are high and after so sick , Mario 's let me love you , I was expecting a great cd but sorry , this is not , he can write good songs like the above , but the cd as a whole , is only worth 1 star.I just had to write a review because I was so disappointed in the almum as whole and I did not want another person to fall into the same trap I did , due to the hype around this guy . So if you have been into r & b ; like me from the early 90t 's , and you have alot of cd 's and you have reached a stage were , if you are going to spend your money on a cd , all or at least 8/10 tacks must be good , then take your time before you decide to buy this cd . When he comes up with a great cd with more than two or three songs I will be one of the first , to get online and say so .
 Ne Yo has had some promising singles and on the strength of `` So Sick '' , I picked up this album . In the same order , I picked up an older Anthony Hamilton and man , let me tell you they are like night and day.Ne Yo is obviously a talented cat , but his delivery and overall presentation leave a lot to be desired . R+B and Soul come from having some history , having some real pain , having lost your woman the night before your wedding , having your man two time you all over town . No matter what , you need to go through the pain to sing and write about the pain.Ne Yo comes off like a teenager , with immature experiences and no street cred . Maybe someone that is 13 and is breaking up with their girl of 6 weeks can realate ... but I need Teddy Pendergrass , Anthony Hamilton , Marvin Gaye , James Ingrim , Johnny Gill ... or anyone else that keeps it real to tell me whats up , not some kid whining on track after track.Ne Yo may grow into a solid performer , but for now he should stick to MTV and pop radio ... cause he just doesnt stand up in the midnight hour like R+B singers that I know and love .
 X
 I do n't like his song `` I 'm so sick of love 's songs '' I 'm thinking how can you not like loves cause Ne-Yo cause you ca n't sing one . He knows he does n't have any real talent . The way he sings just does n't sound right . His voice does n't hit those high notes like R&B ; male singers did back in he 80 's and 90 's . And these days R&B ; always have dum rappers , as back up singers.I do n't know what 's wrong with this generation young people who love Ne-Yo are just plain ignorite , know your roots . Remember when music mean something and sounded real good I miss these male R&B ; artist
 def jam used to be a rap label now I see sorry singers taking over neyo sucks this is for those who like stupid annoying kids like chris brown , and omarion .
 This CD is just whatever . I was n't really too impressed with it . Ne Yo can carry a tune , but he has no range and all of his songs sound the same . Maybe if there were real instruments being played instead of beat machines and synthesizers I 'd be a little more interested . Anyway , this CD was boring and it was hard for me to listen to . Ne-Yo needs to stick to writing songs for other people . Skip this .
 vocally Ne yo reminds me of a low-budget take on sisqo.the material here is hit & alot of miss . He will probably have a chance behind the scenes in the long run , but vocally he ca n't sing as well as Mario.Ne Yo has a understanding for radio & that will suit him better in the long run , but this album just does n't have alot of good songs .
 I went out and got the CD on the first day it released after hearing So Sick and Stay - he knew which songs to release first . I am not happy I did . I am not feeling the CD at all . The radio keeps saying that it is hot and everyday I listen to it to see what I missed . I repeat Stay all the time as the other songs are not that great . I can tell which song he wrote for Mary because it is the same track as hers . Mirror is ok but the CD is not good . I would rather listen to my Marques Houston CD at least I like 4-5 songs on that CD . Like Chris Brown , this was a waste of money ... Get the bootleg !
 The songs by Ayub Ogada and Geoffery Oryema are great ! Unfortunately the rest of the soundtrack music does n't hold up to the African 's musical stylings . It was interesting to hear Italian and African themes woven together - although as a whole I found this CD disappointing . I recommend you purchase a CD by Ogada or Oryema instead of this one .
 I saw the movie and loved the African vocals by Ayub Ogada and Geoffery Oryema . The background music is lush and romantic - when taken in small doses on the big screen . The extended compositions on the CD just drag on . I would recommend that you get a CD by Ayub Ogada instead of this soundtrack .
 Ok , i bought this cd expecting somthing great . I though he would be a good musician . he is only cute . If you are looking for young kids playing cajun music , that can really play , look for a cd from La Bande Feu-follet . I saw them in Rhode Island at the Rythym and Roots Festival . Not only do they put on a great show , but they give Steve Riley alot of compitition . This is a great group that will go somewhere . I wasted my money on this !
 I 've listened to all the clips and I do n't know if its just the way the clips sound or if the cd really sounds like that . If that 's how the cd sounds - like sung through a tin can and a sound of jibberish ... I would n't buy it for anything . I could n't make out a single identifiable word on even the english songs ...
 Do n't get me wrong . The music on this disc is excellent , but it does n't have anything to do with rap . The rhythms are straightup country blues for the most part , with a few recitation pieces and country styled things . I like this kind of music , and I own a lot of discs like this one , but I also like rap music , and this ai n't it ! If it had been advertised as The Roots of the Talking Blues , I would have given it five stars .
 Since this cd was made from old 78s there is alot of surface noise that makes it hard to appreciate the excellent music.Sure it has historical value but the later 60s recordings on Vanguard are just as good if not better musically.With todays audio systems the noise is enhanced.Music 5 stars audio 1 star.Buy at your own risk .
 I really enjoyed the arrangements ... they seemed fresh , lush , and vibrant . The choir was delightful to listen to but Sammy 's voice just does n't pull through . That vibrato and color of her voice is n't very becoming and quite frankly it 's almost insidious . I 'd rather listen to the choir .
 Like many songwriters who depend on atmospherics rather than melodies alone to convey their emotional state throughout an album , Beth is a prime candidate for elaborate production . Both `` Central Reservation '' and `` Daybreaker '' benefited from ethereal synths and a pioneering mix of trip-hop sensibilities jarringly interspersed with bare , haunting folk tunes . This gave Beth 's songs an illusory subtext , as if she were communicating with us from a mysterious and melancholy place ; she could weave her frail voice around these sonorities rather than around the basic melodies , thus creating an original whole.Stripping her music of lavish production is a bad idea . Without it , there is n't much there . As I realized during a brief gig a few years ago , when I heard Beth alone on stage with her acoustic , accompanied by another subdued acoustic guitarist , bereft of studio magic her songs are simple to the point of being boring - most consist of two chords - and her lyrics , while intelligent , lose much of that essential mystery . This can now be said of the whole unfortunate `` Comfort of Strangers '' album . Although there is a bright spark here and there , overall the music is completely unaffecting . After several auditions , not a single tune has made a mark on me . It sounds like something old sixties ' folkies did when they tried to add a bit of pizzaz to their listless stuff , without daring to go fully-electric . It was classy to be a tad jazzy , but it was vulgar to be rock . It sounds like Beth is suffering from the same ambivalence.Undoubtedly , many will like this album for the very absence of punch that I find deplorable - folkies , indeed ; those who hated `` The other side of Daybreak , '' which I found to be a whole lotta fun .
 I was looking forward to purchasing another Beth Orton album . Central Reservation and Pass In Time are marvelous . Imagine my dismay when I popped the CD into my lovely two-channel high end system to hear what amounts to MP3 quality sound . Simply awful . Move the production back to England . The people in New York obviously do n't know what they 're doing .
 I knew something was amiss after ripping this to mp3 realizing it sounded EVEN WORSE , sounding way more degraded than the quality loss you 'd expect from cd to mp3 transfer . If the decision to release these songs with poor sound quality was DELIBERATE then she 's doubly failed ; there is no added `` warmth '' or `` ambience '' . This is a tragedy , because Orton has talent but it does n't come through as I 'd hoped on this album . I yawned several times during playback , it just is n't very good . These cuts would work better as throwaway , `` alternate takes '' or `` rarities '' - but as a bona fide career release ? What she should have done is dump this production set and handed it over to William Orbit , who not only would have made these tracks infinitely more listenable , but you would actually HEAR them with proper EQ and mastering .
 This CD is a big disappointment . Beth Orton is my `` go-to '' listen ; I can listen to her songs in any mood , at any time . This CD has some well-written songs , but there are only two songs -LRB- the first , `` Worms '' , and `` Heartlandtruckstop '' -RRB- that burst out of the speakers the way Beth Orton songs can . The rest are all absolutely listenable but none of the songs has that `` I must replay this song now '' moment.I am used to Beth 's songs possessing many random moments of beauty , that are partly caused by the spareness of production . This CD all the songs sound pleasntly even on the EQ band , but they mostly lack the punchy lyrics or compelling music that grabs you . For instance , I heard many of these songs over and over again on the radio , but none stood out the way `` Stolen Car '' did or `` Mt. Washington '' did.Get Daybreaker instead for your Beth Orton space in your record collection .
 Many say that Portishead invented the Trip Hop genre about a decade ago . Morcheeba and Beth Orton took the cue and expanded things beyond trip hop and maybe into `` trance hop '' or `` trance folk '' respectively.Orton 's previous records had a haunting quality to them . She coaxed some ghostly sound effects out of her synthesizers that would become her signature sound . If you listen carefully , you 'll hear echoes , if not outright samples of those sounds in a wide variety of musicians ' albums several years after her seminal ` Trailer Park ' and ` Central Reservation ' albums.In the liner notes to ` Comfort of Strangers ' , she thanks Jim O'Rourke for '' ... the aural illusions and visions ... '' . I 've given this CD multiple spins , and for the life of me , I 'm not hearing anything aural beyond very simple arrangements . This is a little surprising , because O'Rourke was n't shy about aiding and abetting aural illusions , visions , and beyond with Wilco.I hate to say this , because her previous albums way up on my favorite records list , but this record is actually just kind of boring.During the lead up to the release , critics were oo-ing and aw-ing all over themselves about this and Cat Power 's new release ; mostly while reviewing both at the same time . They got me to buy both , just as amazon suggests too . I 'm utterly transfixed by Cat Power 's `` The Greatest '' , and am sorry to say that the same ca n't be said for ` Comfort of Strangers ' . I 'm counting on her getting her groove on again on the next release .
 Enormous potential . A history of excellence . But something went terribly wrong in the execution . Maybe it 's not as bad as the subject line would suggest but it 's a huge disappointment nonetheless . Even has `` Worms '' as Jar-Jar . With the exception of the occasionally harmonica bit , the band just is n't terribly interesting . And a lot of the melodic aspects and tonal richness of Beth 's singing are gone -- sometimes she just sounds like a squaking crow.I started listening to Beth after hearing her guest performances with the Chemical Brothers & really enjoyed her voice in that context , but with a conventional band -LRB- and production that ofter underemphasizes the vocals in favor of humdrum backup -RRB- it 's just not that interesting . I 've tried , really , playing this over and over , but it still disappoints .
 Droning vocals . Was hoping for so much more . Where is the passion ? This CD is a total bore . Do n't even feel I can pass it along .
 This entire album is melodically and lyrically boring . Metaphors are poorly executed and content just boring . I will never listen to it again .
 From the OBJECTIVE reviewer ... a sophomore slump for Beth 's senior release . This is absent any life her previous albums exhibited .
 I 'm a loyal Orton fan ; Trailer Park is her best , and I 'm a fan the `` other side of daybreak '' . This cd is a complete disappointment . It is trite , boring , and political in a very dull and usual way ; it has none of the distinctive thoughtfulness , charm , and melancholy that so characterize most of Orton 's work . I get the distinct feeling that she did n't have this cd in her , but just put it out there because there were so many -LRB- ourselves -RRB- who were waiting . Orton 's merit is that her songs come from her heart ; these songs come from her head . These songs sound little different from so much soulless folk-pop , and have all the authenticity of a millionaire rockstar whining about being downtrodden.We wish Beth the best ; but we also wish she would give us her best ; and if she ca n't do that , well , we 'll be content with her ` classics ' .
 A leading Americana music magazine whose opinions I usually agree with gave this CD great review . Sorry . It just does n't resonate with me . Too much reliance on atmospheric percussion that bubbles just below the surface . No memorable melodies to latch on to . Sameness of material . Lack of all traces of humor.Throw in her very unpleasant voice and you have a CD destined for the resale bin ... which is where mine ended up .
 I 'm sorry Beth but your voice gets on my nerves . Cheer up and stop whining . I have listened to 3 of your albums 3 times and tried to give you the benefit of the doubt . It 's 3 strikes now and you are out of my collection and into a bottom drawer .
 Riverdance is wonderful . But I was hoping for less of the CD I already have , and more from the new version of the show . Sure , they included all of the new stuff , but what about the rest of it ? I bought the CD to hear the ENTIRE Broadway cast ... including the dancers.Some of the tracks sound like they 've never been touched ... the first choir track sounds exactly as it does in the first video with Flatley -LRB- out of tune -RRB- . The two tap tracks are credited to Flatley and Butler ! I wanted to hear Roddy and Martin , not the old people . Should n't they get some credit?This is not a CD that I thoroughly enjoyed listening to , as with the first CD . It is not complete , and is only a supplement to the previous CD -LRB- if not redundant -RRB- . The music is great , indeed , but the CD is just plain and simple ... a waste of money . The only new thing worth hearing is the last track , `` Endless Journey . `` Other big disappointments include no versions -LRB- even instrumental -RRB- of Heartland , the 2nd coolest piece in the show , or even any of the new stuff from the NY show -LRB- Heal Their Hearts , Trading Taps -RRB- . Sorry , but this was just one big rip off . I will most likely return the CD , though , since I already have half of it at home.Oh , well . Hopefully the Broadway Riverdance video will be a bit more authentic .
 Riverdance is wonderful . But I was hoping for less of the CD I already have , and more from the new version of the show . Sure , they included all of the new stuff , but what about the rest of it ? I bought the CD to hear the ENTIRE Broadway cast ... including the dancers.Some of the tracks sound like they 've never been touched ... the first choir track sounds exactly as it does in the first video with Flatley -LRB- out of tune -RRB- . The two tap tracks are credited to Flatley and Butler ! I wanted to hear Roddy and Martin , not the old people . Should n't they get some credit?This is not a CD that I thoroughly enjoyed listening to , as with the first CD . It is not complete , and is only a supplement to the previous CD -LRB- if not redundant -RRB- . The music is great , indeed , but the CD is just plain and simple ... a waste of money . The only new thing worth hearing is the last track , `` Endless Journey . `` Other big disappointments include no versions -LRB- even instrumental -RRB- of Heartland , the 2nd coolest piece in the show , or even any of the new stuff from the NY show -LRB- Heal Their Hearts , Trading Taps -RRB- . Sorry , but this was just one big rip off . I will most likely return the CD , though , since I already have half of it at home.Oh , well . Hopefully the Broadway Riverdance video will be a bit more authentic .
 This disc is a combination of a latter-day concert performance at the Moon River Theatre in Branson , along with an album from very early in Mr. Williams ' career . I found the first part interesting , but was not expecting a live recording , and was therefore a little disappointed . As to the second half , I am a big fan of most of Andy Williams ' career , but I found these early songs a bit tedious . Also , the overall sound of the disc leaves much to be desired . I am no audiophile , but the strong bass quality of this recording annoys me . I would suggest paying a few dollars more and looking elsewhere for some good Andy . I wish I had .
 21/2 Roughly a third of the material points at a unit going places special but overall the album still sounds of somewhat predictable , slightly credible , but mostly tired , late night , light-jazz , solo trumpet work .
 The songwriting is okay for a first attempt at a solo album . Lost love and seperated lovers seem to be the overriding themes . Sounds like this cd is an attempt to work out personal problems , which is okay for a song or two , but would have preferred more variety in song topics . Del does wonderful harmonizing . His voice enriches the overall sound . Ronnie is coming along in terms of his own singing ability , but still had work to do . The accompaniments of Bela Fleck and Jerry Douglas gives the music more sophistication than the original band is capable of .
 I first became interested in Rebecca Lynn Howard after hearing her single `` Out Here in the Water . '' I loved its traditional yet innovative sound . However , upon purchasing the CD , I was disappointed to discover that the rest of the songs were pop-country , and not very original pop-country at that . The rest of the CD leaves much to be desired in this young artist , but I still ca n't get enough of `` Water '' !
 I thought that this album would be great because RLH writes , also . This is the worst album I have ever bought . The radio does n't play her , and you have to shop online to get the CD because major stores like Walmart refuse to carry it . Yeah , some of the songs are n't bad , but she REALLY needs to just give them to someone who can sing !
 The Very best hit for Billy Joel is `` Scenes From An Italian Restaurant `` How can a collection of hits with such a title exist without that song ? Stange !
 Let me help you out - the music and the man-Fantastic ! nevermind the movie . All of this material is available on the Avalon blues 1928 complete okeh recordings for 9.98 or so . And it is in excellent sound quality . Best you can ask for to be honest . Forget this overpriced set of the same music .
 The `` Jan & Dean '' recordings on this CD are NOT the original hit recordings as you would hear them on the radio . They are poor re-recorded versions . Furthermore , I honestly do n't think that Jan Berry is singing on any of these recordings . I know that Jan does still make recordings -LRB- despite his paralysis and brain damage -RRB- , but I do n't hear his voice anywhere on these recordings . If anything , he 's singing WAY in the backround . It does sound like Dean is singing on these songs , along with some other singers . But it 's not the same without Jan. . Jan 's the lead guy . Even in Jan & Dean 's prime , Dean was usually just a backround singer who hit the falsetto notes . Sometimes he did n't sing on the hits at all , as with `` Surf City '' -LRB- Brian Wilson and 2 other guys sang backup -RRB- .
 This CD deserves 4 stars for the contents , but zero -LRB- if that were possible -RRB- for the production values . These are recorded off of old 78s with apparently no attempt whatsoever at hiss reduction . The hiss and grind is so bad as to make the music almost unlistenable to . These songs deserve better .
 Boring , bad production , better left in the past . Only sounds good in the state of mind of the 60 's -70 's .
 This album would rank , alongside her ` Rainbow ' album , as among the worst bankrupt tripe ever foisted on the listening public of the world . Unlike the rest of her catalogue , except the aforementioned ` Rainbow ' album , musically this album is bankrupt ... aimless pop music . Her voice is the only redeeming quality here , but on her albums you know you 're going to get that anyway . So , along with the ` Rainbow ' album , it 's the music that lets this one down . One to be avoided .
 I might buy this CD , but would like to hear samples first . I do n't have Real Player because I prefer Windows Media Player . Please give us a choice .
 The composer Xenakis brings most to mind is George Antheil . Both composers made a huge initial splash . But repeated listening to these pieces reveals that they are little more than empty effect . Although dates of the pieces here span two or three decades , all of the music is rooted firmly in the sixties . There are many composers who experimented with similar textures during this period . But for the best of breed , this kind of music became an important part -- but only a part -- of a larger toolkit . Without this experimentalism , we 'd have never had Ligeti 's `` San Francisco Polyphony '' or Lutoslawski 's mighty `` Third Symphony '' . But Xenakis appears to feel that the effect is the thing . There 's not much in this music beyond theatricality.This has often been considered to be groundbreaking music . But it 's important to build something after breaking ground . Xenakis has left us an empty lot .
 only 5 songs worth anything the rest is all noise . 2 of them are well knowns played millions of times , Walk Away , funk # 49The REAL burners on is this are , Laguna Salada , Country Fever , and the best song of all is `` You 're going to need me , Live '' oh man ! if your only going to buy one song , this is it !!
 Between Joe Walsh retrospectives and James Gang compilations , there are a plethora of `` best of '' CD 's that have been released thru the decades . This is one of them.However , strictly from an audio standpoint , all pale to the1998 Repertoire remastered `` Best Of '' 2CD collection . This remaster is even superior to the individual MCA 1999 remasters , and the later BGO remasters.Unfortunately , the Repertoire disc also has the abbreviated `` Bomber Medley '' , which is an enormous sore point for JG fans . Also , Repertoire allotted a major portion of the set to the non-Walsh JG years ; only 14 of the 40 tracks are Walsh-era material . I 'm sure many JG fans will have their opinions over excluded tracks , but the selections were made with input from Jim Fox , who contributes a song-by-song synopsis of each track in the booklet . There is also probably the best essay on the history of the band of any JG CD ever released.But what 14 tracks they are ; the Repertoire set is the James Gang album you never knew you really wanted . All the muddy sound of the MCA discs is gone ; the percussion is clear , the bass thunders and Walsh is there in all his distorted glory.It 's a shame that Repertoire did n't produce individual editions of the first three JG albums , because they would have blown away the lackluster MCA discs . I 've heard just about every other JG `` best of '' , and the Repertoire set towers above them all .
 There were some good moments , but only a few . Honestly , I think the CD is mis-titled . There were only 3 legitimate hits . Oh well , sometimes you 'll have that .
 The quality of the sound recording in this CD is so bad that it is not worth having . Distortion -- often rendering the music horrible - is the feature of most of the opera . Only occasionally are the singers properly on mike , and most of the orchestra sounds awful . Indeed , the only aspect that is recorded with any fidelity is the audience noise , and quite often this interrupts and even drowns out the music.Compounding these problems is a booklet that is a disgrace . It contains a not very informative essay and poor synopsis by Bill Parker , the latter not related in any way to the recording . It also contains a track list that only gives the first few words of what is sung -- no indication of who is singing it . There is no libretto and even knowing Italian would be of little help since the distortion is so bad that most of the words can not be deciphered.This is a pity , since the work has a first class conductor and some first class singers -- who on the few occasions when the sound is fairly clear do do some lovely work . But the overall production is so bad that it is better simply to avoid this recording . -LRB- I have not heard the alternative version from La Fenice which a search on Amazon.com turned up -- maybe it is OK . That recording seems to have the same cast , but a different conductor is listed -- and there are no excerpts on the basis of which one might judge it .
 Sarti 's music is kind of a miracle
 I am not happy with this product , yet , since I do n't have it , yet . Ordered on July 13th . It 's now August 15th , and still no trace of the cd . Hopefully it will arrive , and when it does i will write a review of this product .
 I ordered this CD based on the cast and price . I was not disappointed by the cast . The performances by the cast are uniformly great with moving interpretations of this classic.Unfortunately , the sound on the transfer is * terrible * . There is very noticeable distotortion of most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the portions where the volume is moderately loud or louder . It sounds like you 're listening to a cheap walkman with blown headphones.I 'd like to give this disk 2 stars , but the extreme distortion at so many points in the soundtrack really ca n't compensate for the excellent performances by the cast . There are many other great recordings of Corelli and Nilsson as Calaf and Turandot -LRB- particularly EMI 's # 69327 , use the Classical Power Search feature -RRB- . I recommend that you pass on this one .
 Do n't get this if you are expecting the songs to sound the same as the TV show . We were expecting something different .
 I was surprised to see that Jay-Z would step into R Kelly 's mess this way . I do n't like to see any celebrity manipulate people through their fame . I was offended by the video , because it 's so manipulative and arrogant . People should n't campaign for a not guilty vote by joining up with other celebrities . Let the truth speak for itself , and the jury think for itself .
 I bought this for 99 cents in the cut out bin . I absolutely loved `` Simple Visions '' and ca n't understand why it was n't played or hyped more . Guess I was the only one ... lol . All the rest were ordinary -LRB- Only Want my Love , Papal and Close -RRB- , but the rest of the songs absolutely stunk . But , to me , `` Simple Visions '' was a monster and was worth the 99 cents ... easily ! Therefore 2 stars for that song alone .
 Do n't get this if you are expecting the songs to sound the same as the TV show . We were expecting something different .
 Disappointing -- buying the cheapest version is not always wise . The biggest problem is that the darkness and distance of the view serve to destroy all or most dramatic intensity . The single highlight -- for me and seemingly for those present in the audience
 This production was n't all THAT bad , but the acting was pretty much non-existent , except for perhaps Zerlina and/or Masetto . Allen seemed like he was n't completely in the role of Giovanni , Gruberova could have used a little more makeup and acting , as far as Murray ... well ... she could have done more , especially during the `` let me show you how many women Don Giovanni has slept with all over Europe '' aria instead of just standing there like a dead stump , and Leporello could have given more emotion , in my opinion . And I do have to say that the entire statue scene could have been a little better . I just could n't seem to buy into it.HOWEVER ... The singing was quite good in parts , especially in terms of Gruberova and Mentzer . That , at least , gave this DVD some redemption , but I still do n't think it 's worth nearly -LSB- the price -RSB- . My advice ? Borrow it from a friend or try to find a copy of this in the library before buying it . It 's certainly something that can wait .
 Regrettably , I have to agree with Sepand Ghanouni -LRB- December 29,2005 -RRB- . I found this production profoundly disappointing . Perhaps it 's only a question of poor video equipment or lighting or God-knows-what , but almost every scene comes off as dark , gloomy , and indistinct - and the acting is ... well , how can I put it ? Was the entire cast hungover , or depressed , or what ? The visual aspects of the opera -LRB- lighting , costumes , acting -RRB- turned me off so thoroughly that I could hardly focus at all on the music and singing . Mozart should sue .
 With copious amounts of material swirling around in this over busy production , it is hard at times to concentrate on the performances . With cloaks flourished and hats put on and taken off ad-nauseum the two main performers Allen and Desdiri occasionally suffer from shortage of breath and at times you feel like screaming `` please just stand still '' . Thomas Allen is a singer I greatly admire - however on this night he just does n't seem vocally up to the challenge , his aria ` Fin ch ` han dal vino ' Is taken so fast by Muti that he is breathless and seems unable to cope , by the end of the opera he is evidently flagging . I do n't want to be too unkind as all singers have off nights and the audience at La Scala obviously loved him and who am I to argue with them . A quick mention for Francisco Ariza - a wonderful singer whose voice here sounds tired but still melodious with hints of the beauty of his vocal youth.Of the women Edita Gruberova , as you would expect , gives the overall polished performance , her pure voice ringing out like a bell with never a hint of a screech . Unfortunately the same can not be said for Ann Murray whose top notes are squally and jarr the ear , however her lower register is still lovely and she is a very good actress , able to communicate her anguish , her aria ` Mi tradi quell ` alma ingrata ` is very touching.The set itself is of highly polished architectural splendour and so in keeping with the period of the opera as indeed are the costumes , not exaggerated or over sumptuous and all the better for that.This is a fairly enjoyable evenings viewing but I was left feeling slightly cheated and wanting to strangle the stage director .
 Don Giovanni is by far one of my favorite operas , so when I saw this DVD I bought it immediately . Big disappointing . The video quality is old-fashioned TV , illumination too dark . The most disappointing part was not technical , but artistic ; in the scene when the Comendatore comes to Don Giovanni 's house -LRB- my favorite scene , I was astonished when I first saw it in Amadeus -RRB- the Comendatore is NOT THERE , just his voice . It lost all its impact when you see Don Giovanni talking to the audience . People usually wait two hours for this scene , and then it comes THIS ? Sometimes originality is not better . I suggest to keep listening a CD version of the opera , and use your imagination for the rest .
 It seems easy to stage a Mozart 's Opera . Well , it is terribly difficult . . The man was subject to a German education by His Father and ArchBishop Coloredo a powerful dictator of a mid size town . Milos Forman got it right in the movie `` Amadeus '' . . The problem with this Opera is very simple to solve
 This is a poor use of the DVD format - obviously just a copy from a video version . There are no DVD features , aside from chapter search . The production values are just awful - grainy , fuzzy , dark .
 Machiavel was a 1970s and 80s band who had several identities . Followers of the progressive rock genre will want to skip this collection , which has many short , straight-ahead rock and pop songs . Their symphonic masterpiece `` Jester '' is the one you want . I bought both on amazon.com , and will likely jettison this Anthology CD . Jester is what I need .
 my name is kadonkeydonk , i like lame indie-rock that is style over substance because it makes me look like I am above people . To make myself look hip and quirky I listen to hip hop , but only pseudo-intellectual old school and modern hip hop put on by white folk . ANYBODY WHO SAYS THEY LIKE HIP HOP AND THEN BASH EMINEM SHOULD N'T BE ALLOWED TO LISTEN TO HIP HOP . Kadonkeydonk , why do n't you listen to dearhoof and realize that this is n't ` noise-pop ' it 's crap performed by untalented communistist prostitues . It sounds like an entire album of instruments being tuned . You are an idiot kadonkeydonk , and more of a clone than the people you accuse of being clones .
 Being the first dissenting voice around here , I am sure to get ZERO helpful points , but hey , I ai n't reviewing this for popularity , so let me forge on ahead : I guess I just do n't get it . Maybe I missed the punch line . No , that could n't be it ; I have a pretty good sense of humor . And an open mind . I listen to everything from The Pixies to Pizzicato 5 , from The Smiths to St. Germain , but first and foremost I am a follower and devotee of Hip-Hop and its Elements . And C64 falls VERY short in its outsiders < i.e. SUBURBAN > take on Hip-Hop . They 're rhyme schemes are laughable , and they 're delivery is wack . One supposes that it might be intentional ; that they 're style is supposed to be ironic and highbrow . But for all its apparent cleverness , it falls short , and flat on its face . And speaking of flat , even their beats , which I hoped would be as good as the reviews say , are weak and tepid . Minimalism has its place , but when wasted on uninspired ciphers -LRB- and yes , I do realize that these guys know that they are n't the best lyricists in the world -RRB- , it makes for a very faulty product . And for those looking for an alternative to the stale world of gangsta/bling/alize commercial rap of today , there is a myriad selection of music in the thriving Underground to choose from . Want some abstract delivery with fresh jazzy beats ? There 's Quasimoto . Want unique and creative samples with incredible ciphers ? Pick up some Mudkids . Clever lyrics with fresh sounds ? Try some Foreign Legion -LRB- funny , Prozac from FL does a cameo in Putney Swipe , or at least I think that 's him -RRB- . Good musicianship ? What about The Roots or England 's The Herbalizer . Consciousness ? Mos Def , Talib Kweli , Gangstarr , De La Soul etc. . With all this music to listen to , one wonders if those that are down with C64 actually listen to Hip-Hop music -LRB- and not just The Beastie Boys and Beck -RRB- . To paraphrase Lauryn Hill , alternative rap in ghetto terms means no skill , and that pretty much summarizes C64 ; obscurity disguised as `` underground '' , novelty instead of talent.If anyone should disagree with any of the above , I welcome any and all intelligent rebuttals . Just E-mail me . Oh yeah , first look up William `` Upski '' Wimsatt 's article `` WE USE THE WORDS MACKADOCIOUS '' first . Thanks for hearing me out .
 Yet another collection of Wes Montgomery . This one is oddly presented as a forerunner to acid jazz.It is unfortunate that much of Wes Montgomery 's recording was done at time when some record producers thought jazz had to be orchestrated in order to sell . What you get is an orchestra with a featured jazz soloist . That is unfortunate , because no matter how good the soloist is , the recording is about the orchestra , the orchestration or , in the case of Don Sebesky , the arranger.This recording features Wes with orchestras headed by Sebesky and jazz man Oliver Nelson . Both groups include top-flight jazz talent . With Nelson you get a much better feel for the music . But it 's still about the orchestration . There are a precious few cuts on this CD from Wes Montgomery in a small group.Jazz in a large ensemble can be enjoyable , it can swing and groove . This CD is a fine example . But if you enjoy jazz and are interested in Wes Montgomery ignore the collections , check out `` Smokin at the Half Note '' . It 's a great recording , minor classic in it 's way , and shows Montgomery at his best .
 my name is kadonkeydonk , i like lame indie-rock that is style over substance because it makes me look like I am above people . To make myself look hip and quirky I listen to hip hop , but only pseudo-intellectual old school and modern hip hop put on by white folk . ANYBODY WHO SAYS THEY LIKE HIP HOP AND THEN BASH EMINEM SHOULD N'T BE ALLOWED TO LISTEN TO HIP HOP . Kadonkeydonk , why do n't you listen to dearhoof and realize that this is n't ` noise-pop ' it 's crap performed by untalented communistist prostitues . It sounds like an entire album of instruments being tuned . You are an idiot kadonkeydonk , and more of a clone than the people you accuse of being clones .
 Everyone has the right to like and dislike whatever their little hearts desire but I am amazed to see so many people fooled by this visionless , empty artist . I find that even though Mark 's stuff may have a bit of ambience , droning and tortured , it lacks in spirt 100 % . His stuff does n't make any sense because HE does n't make any sense .
 I am not happy with this product , yet , since I do n't have it , yet . Ordered on July 13th . It 's now August 15th , and still no trace of the cd . Hopefully it will arrive , and when it does i will write a review of this product .
 Cousins in his between Strawbs period taking an acoustic approach to a wide range of primarily older Strawbs compositions with Willoughby in lead guitar role . Strawbs and solo fans will not likely be enamoured of this recording the power is lacking in these re-interpretations with one noteable exception . The breathy in your own room vocal of `` I have been my own worst friend '' is an audiophile gem and worth the price of ownership for many fans . Cousins afficianados should really be lobbying A & M for a re-release of `` Two Weeks Last Summer '' featuring Miller Anderson , lead guitar -LRB- formerly of Keef Hartley Band , Hemlock , Overdog , Savoy Brown blah blah blah -RRB- . For a more creditable outing from these two , with the Strawbs supporting , try and find `` Do n't Say Goodbye ''
 It 's not Randy Travis . It 's not even in English.It 's too much trouble to bother getting my dollar ninety eight back so I 'll just delete it .
 The five albums by Stevie that Motown chose to remaster are five of the greatest pieces of music ever created -LRB- in my humble opinion ... -RRB- Just wan na ' say however that they blew a once in a lifetime opportunity with the remastering of these albums . Whoever they got to do the re-mastering must have some high-end hearing loss , because he tweaked the highs way too much , perhaps trying to go for a contemporary R&B , over-hyped sound . It 's pretty consistent across all the new CDs , which I eagerly bought - a sharp , brittle high end . And too much compression as well , sort of squishing the life out of the tunes . I 'm just thankful I bought a copy of Mobile Fidelity 's Gold Master 's Series `` Innervisions '' before they went out of print . To my ear , that 's what all Stevie 's records should sound like . And for now , I 'll happily keep listening to the original versions of all these classic albums .
 Audio Fidelity does not use the Original master tapes on this and about all of the CD releases . They claim the sources they use are going to give the consumer a great sounding CD.If you 're not using the Original master tape then you 're comparing HDTV to analog TV.This version sounds very slightly better then the Motown release but compare the cost.I wish Mobile Fidleity would release this because they use nothing but the Original Master tape and the sound comes through.A great Stevie Wonder CD , but all of his CD 's are great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Like always with AF releases , the sound is just so bad and lifeless . As ususal a reverse remaster job by the `` great '' Hoffman or Gray . The plot is suck the life out of the music and make it sound dull . Take away the sparkle and details . Why are not this company exsposed yet ? Why do people use USD 30 to buy these discs ? It really annoys me that this company still releases discs . It is an offense to the artists .
 The five albums by Stevie that Motown chose to remaster are five of the greatest pieces of music ever created -LRB- in my humble opinion ... -RRB- Just wan na ' say however that they blew a once in a lifetime opportunity with the remastering of these albums . Whoever they got to do the re-mastering must have some high-end hearing loss , because he tweaked the highs way too much , perhaps trying to go for a contemporary R&B , over-hyped sound . It 's pretty consistent across all the new CDs , which I eagerly bought - a sharp , brittle high end . And too much compression as well , sort of squishing the life out of the tunes . I 'm just thankful I bought a copy of Mobile Fidelity 's Gold Master 's Series `` Innervisions '' before they went out of print . To my ear , that 's what all Stevie 's records should sound like . And for now , I 'll happily keep listening to the original versions of all these classic albums .
 Many people will look for the gold copy of an album to offer superior playback - it would be a given you would think . This is one of my all time favorite recordings . It has been butchered and sent back a notch by Audio Fidelity . Not sure what went wrong here - I compared several cuts back to back - The AF Gold and the latest Tamla remaster from Universal / Motown on two players , Sony SCD 555 and Ah Njoe Tjoeb 4000 . The dynamics are gone , the detail is down , the recording is veiled . To smooth a recording is acceptable - until you loose the dynamics.What a bring down . I would like to send it back . .
 I loved Mr Hishaishi 's music for the Ghibli Studio productions . I did not care for this album .
 It 's a good thing Al Green came out commericial first because I never would have gotten this tape without thinking it was going to be as soulful as his `` in his world '' days . Al 's commercial arranger declined following him into the gospel world , citing no experience . So , Al uses the commercial arrangements for the old gospel favorites and it sounds insipid .
 I had read several reviews of Landmarq which were very positive before buying this DVD , most of them commented on Tracy Hitchings talents as a vocalist . While the band sounds good musically , her singing ruins an otherwise good performance . The sound of nails on a chalkboard comes to mind . If you want to hear a better example of Landmarq as a band , get some of their older CD 's with Damian Wilson on vocals .
 Well , needed more thought who should have been on it m2k traditional and m2k contemporary 2 seperate cd 's instead of one 2disc . ea.how can we forget the people who brought us to this point .
 I am a huge fan of Boston 's first 2 albums . I saw this album at the record store and was very excited . I bought it out of loyalty without hearing a song on it . I really gave this album every chance . I really tried to like it . Bottom line is this CD will be collecting alot of dust . The first song is good but sounds just like Amanda . This song alone earns the 2 stars I gave this album . The rest of the album is a waste of space I 'm sorry to say . I ca n't beleive it took what 7 , 8 years to put this out . I wo n't be buying or even thinking about buying Corporate America . If you want somthing that sounds like bostom . Get the RTZ album . You wo n't be dissapointed . It 's too bad but the real Boston with all the original members will probably never happen again .
 I 've read most of the other reviews & some people are just too loyally blind to recognize this thing for what it is ... . creatively bland . You 've got to call the baby ugly sometimes . I 'm a huge Boston fan & will always see them in concert when they come around , maybe these songs -LRB- if played -RRB- will translate better live than on record/tape/CD ... just like KISS Rock & Roll All Nite on ALIVE & Thin Lizzy 's Cowboy Song on Live & Dangerous .
 This is the type of disc that you CA N'T WAIT to buy when it is first release . Then a year later it ends up in the used CD stores dollar bins . VERY disappointing , who is Tom trying to fool here ? Stick with the first album and 3rd stage . They are all you will ever need .
 Despite being the creator of completely original and ground breaking sounds -LRB- see same bands stella debut -RRB- this sounds horribly dated and lacking in cohesiveness . I understand that Brad Delp is not involved and that perhaps I am hearing a variety of different vocalists which might be part of the problem . Things start of real nice with `` I Need Your Love '' `` Surrender to Me '' and `` Livin ' For You '' which are solid if not that inspiring then you get the awful indulgence of the `` Walk on Medley '' that sounds like a variety of 80 's hairspray bands doing their Van Halen tributes , interrupted occasionally by hammond organ bursts that go nowhere exciting . The production is strangely cold and has non of the band 's previous outings lushness . It is tinny and 80 's in feel despite being a mid 90 's release . If you can trawl your way through the medley you may feel there is some hope , but to me `` What 's Your Name '' closes the door . The real closers of `` Magdalene '' and `` We Can Make It '' are heavy handed and unfinished to my ears both a couple of minutes too long . Nice try but ultimately less than satistying , for a better representation of pomp in the nineties try anything by `` House of Lords '' before you try this .
 Boston 's Fourth album `` Walk On '' was released in 1994 , a full eight years after `` Third Stage '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Founding guitarist Tom Scholz was the only member from the original lineup to play on this album.Sonically , `` Walk On '' is the band 's best sounding album . The album sounds great and the production is top notch . Unfortunately , however , the songs are very , very weak . `` Walk On '' is the perfect example of all style but no substance . Beneath the perfect production , there are no memorable songs , no memorable hooks or grooves.Brad Delp 's -LRB- the band 's vocalist on the first three albums -RRB- absence is sorely apparent . The various singers on this album , David Sikes and Fran Cosmo , sound like run-of-the-mill 80s AOR hacks and bad Brad Delp impersonators.Released in the mid 90s , `` Walk On '' is very 80s sounding . It almost sounds like a bad Journey album.Lyrically , while Boston was never the Beatles or Bob Dylan , their lyrics were intelligent and thoughtful . The lyrics on `` Walk On '' come straight out of a Michael Bolton album . They 're really , really stupid.For example : `` I need your loveI want you every wayAnd I need your loveCa n't help this feeling coming back everyday `` And '' -LRB- Hey -RRB- You never believe what I sayYou 're gon na surrender somedaySurrender to meSurrender to meSurrender to me all the waySurrender to me all the way -LRB- yeah , yeah -RRB- Surrender to meAll the wayAll the wayAll the way `` 90 percent of this album stinks . The only real thing this album has going for it is the cool `` Walk On '' medley . `` Livinin ' for you , '' which sounds derivative of Van Halen 's `` When it 's Love '' is the only other memorable song.While `` Walk On '' sounds good on the surface , it 's a poor album overall . Stick with `` Boston , '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- and `` Do n't Look Back , '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and then `` Third Stage '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Only completeists need to buy `` Walk On , '' or the equally lame `` Corporate America '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
 I guess Tom Scholz thought that since he took 6 years to record Third Stage , taking 8 on this one would make it even better . Well , no ... not really . When I first played the album , I thought Boston was truly back after hearing the stellar opening track `` I Need Your Love '' . But from there , it simply fell apart . The first thing that 's wrong with this album is that there is not a real drum to be heard anywhere on the album . He got away with using synthesized drums on Third Stage because is was 1986 , but even in 1994 this sound was dead for quite sometime . The bogus drums teamed up with the power guitars and excessive synthesizers give the album an 80 's feel -LRB- in the worst way -RRB- , and take away any rock edge that could have been acheived . Also , the previous Boston albums kind of had a theme which tied in with their covers
 I did n't listen critically , so ca n't analyze this CD quite the same way others have . Often , I just listen - I either like it or I do n't . It had n't even occured to me that the original singer was missing . I 'm not that interested in personnel-only whether I like the music or not.I have at least 2 other Boston CDs , which are pretty darn good.When I listened to `` Walk On '' , it was clearly Boston playing . There is just a certain sound that is unmistakablely Boston.I could n't get over the lyrics . They often used lyrics including the phrases `` I need you '' , `` surrender '' and other trashy lines that are so trite and overused . There was nothing creative in the lyrics . There was n't a whole lot to catch my ear as regards melody or anything else that might give this turkey some musically redeeming value.LYRICS
 Take Brad Delp out of the Boston sound and you have no Boston PERIOD . Fran Cosmo does a lack luster job at vocals ... he 's just not Brad Delp , he does not have the magical voice . `` Walk On '' sucks , dont waste your time with this Delpless Dog Vomit .
 And if you are feeling ambitious , download the single of `` Amanda '' and burn both CDs pus `` Amanda '' to a blank 80 minute CD -LRB- for personal use only -RRB- and that is all the Boston you will ever need .
 A few years ago , me and some of my friends were camping and I was looking thru my buddies CD 's when I came across Walk On in his case . In my teens I used to really like Boston and I said `` Walk On ? I did n't know Boston came out with a new album '' My friend started laughing and said `` Dude , put it in , you will be amazed '' So I did , and yes , I was amazed
 Tom Sholz said in the liner notes of `` Third Stage '' that without Brad Delp 's vocals , it just would n't have been a Boston album . He was right . It took 3 -LRB- ! -RRB- different vocalists blended together to approximate Brad Delp 's vocals on this album and the songs suffer from it . Fran Cosmo -LRB- of Barry Goudreau 's solo projects -RRB- has taken over the lead vocals of this album and does a servicable job , but it just does n't sound right . Something is missing from each of these songs besides Brad . While each song has great moments of that classic Boston sound , each has an element that brings the song down a notch or two . `` I Need Your Love '' is sheer Boston , and you almost do n't miss Brad Delp 's voice . `` Surrender To Me '' has a classic Boston chorus with wonderful harmonies , but the song is marred by a rhythmic THUD throughout the song . `` What 's Your Name '' is a pretty decent song as well , even though every time it starts , I think I am listening to `` Bette Davis Eyes . '' Overall , this album suffers from being overproduced . It sounds as if Tom intentionally mixed down the vocals so you could n't tell that it was n't Brad singing , and it makes everything sound like mush . Most of the songs sound like generic rock tunes done in a Boston style , which is too bad . Way back when `` Third Stage '' was in production , Tom was conducting blind tests using different singers with varied success . He should have redirected his energy into convincing Brad to return .
 Sorry , Tom , you were n't Boston all by yourself . It 's like going to your hometown and not seeing Fenway , the Museum of Fine Arts , Cheers , the Ducklings , or the public market .
 Some would have you believe that Boston is only Tom Shultz in the studio , alas they are wrong . Listen to `` Walk On '' with out Brad Delp -LRB- The Voice of Boston -RRB- , it sounds like Boston but it does n't rock like a Boston album . I listened to it a few times and said this is not the same group I wait years for the next great album . Yes , I 'll admit I do like the track , `` What 's your name '' . If your going to buy a Boston album get the Third Stage -LRB- Best Boston Album -RRB- or buy Boston 's Greatest Hits with Brad Delp on `` Higher Power '' a new Boston track , that ROCKS . Tom Shultz had enough sense to bring Brad back on the Greatest Hits because he knew with out Brad there is no Boston ! Walk on , and walk out of the record store !
 I would like to say I 'm a fan of this band but having only one good album to their -LRB- or Tom 's -RRB- credit makes it impossible . The worst part about everything they 've done since Do n't Look Back is that it tries to `` sound like '' the Boston from the first two albums and that 's just not a good idea creatively . Focus on the writing first and not the surface appeal . George Lucas made that mistake in everything after the first couple Star Wars movies and Scholz does the same . The difference is that Lucas probably could have done better . Boston reminds me of other artists like Alanis Morissette , who have their time in the sun but never really know what to do with themselves after their place in time is passed , but at least Alanis has done some occasionally decent soundtrack stuff . I ca n't see at all what others see here and I 'm astonished at anyone giving it more than two stars . Stay away from this album ...
 With Walk On coming out 8 years after Third Stage , a person would think that Tom Scholtz had more than enough time to write plenty of strong material for a new , but I guess not . Walk On is a total bomb . Boston is a great band , but with this album they really missed the mark . None of the songs make a lasting impression . Stick with the first three albums .
 Even on this album Tom Scholtz stuck by his promise that all Boston albums would NOT have Synthesizers , violins or any other orchestral instruments . Ooohhhhh ! so thats why this album is pure dog -LSB- poop -RSB- ! If you want a good boston album , go out and buy Third Stage ! The only good song is get organ-ized purely because all great prog-rock bands have a Hammond organ at one point . Yes , asia , UK , Genesis and toto .
 Some potentially good songs here but just not the same . Only for those into ritual self-abuse .
 Tom Scholz is a perfectionist and he takes a tremendous amount of time recording albums . It took eight years to follow-up 1978 's Do n't Look Back with 1986 's Third Stage . Along the way most of the original band left leaving just Mr. Scholz and vocalist Brad Delp , but those losses were easily overcome . In the seven and half years in between Third Stage and Walk On , Brad Delp left and this was no minor bump in the road . The secret behind the band 's success was not only the orchestra of guitars but Mr. Delp 's roof raising vocals . While Mr. Scholz replaced him with sound alike Fran Cosmo and a second vocalist , David Sikes , neither have the depth and range that match Mr. Delp and the songs suffer . There are a couple of decent tracks like `` I Need You Love '' , `` Livin ' For You '' and the title track but basically the rest of the album does n't offer much .
 Not one of my favorite Boston releases . 1994 's `` Walk On '' , hit # 7 , hard to believe since grunge was all the fad at the time . This album just does n't cut it for me . They did release a few good tunes in their only chart single , with the galloping guitar chords of `` I Need Your Love '' # 51 in the 100 . And one of my favorites is the gooey ballad `` Livin ' For You '' and the `` Walk On Medley '' # 14 mainstream rock . The rest is forgettable junk . A greatest hits collection would come next in 1997 .
 These are poorly executed performances , lacking professional-level tuning , tone , and balance . All of this music is better performed elsewhere .
 I expected that Paul Humprhies , Martin Cooper and Mal Holmes would NOT want to sound like their former band
 the best music i 've heard in a long time . paul still has it , he should get back with andy and do the reunion thing , i think it 's worth a try . if you gon na buy a cd , this is the one you should buy , if your a OMD fan . so please buy this cd , you do n't know if ever gon na hear OMD again !!!
 Like always with AF releases , the sound is just so bad and lifeless . As ususal a reverse remaster job by the `` great '' Hoffman or Gray . The plot is suck the life out of the music and make it sound dull . Take away the sparkle and details . Why are not this company exsposed yet ? Why do people use USD 30 to buy these discs ? It really annoys me that this company still releases discs . It is an offense to the artists .
 The five albums by Stevie that Motown chose to remaster are five of the greatest pieces of music ever created -LRB- in my humble opinion ... -RRB- Just wan na ' say however that they blew a once in a lifetime opportunity with the remastering of these albums . Whoever they got to do the re-mastering must have some high-end hearing loss , because he tweaked the highs way too much , perhaps trying to go for a contemporary R&B , over-hyped sound . It 's pretty consistent across all the new CDs , which I eagerly bought - a sharp , brittle high end . And too much compression as well , sort of squishing the life out of the tunes . I 'm just thankful I bought a copy of Mobile Fidelity 's Gold Master 's Series `` Innervisions '' before they went out of print . To my ear , that 's what all Stevie 's records should sound like . And for now , I 'll happily keep listening to the original versions of all these classic albums .
 Many people will look for the gold copy of an album to offer superior playback - it would be a given you would think . This is one of my all time favorite recordings . It has been butchered and sent back a notch by Audio Fidelity . Not sure what went wrong here - I compared several cuts back to back - The AF Gold and the latest Tamla remaster from Universal / Motown on two players , Sony SCD 555 and Ah Njoe Tjoeb 4000 . The dynamics are gone , the detail is down , the recording is veiled . To smooth a recording is acceptable - until you loose the dynamics.What a bring down . I would like to send it back . .
 Audio Fidelity does not use the Original master tapes on this and about all of the CD releases . They claim the sources they use are going to give the consumer a great sounding CD.If you 're not using the Original master tape then you 're comparing HDTV to analog TV.This version sounds very slightly better then the Motown release but compare the cost.I wish Mobile Fidleity would release this because they use nothing but the Original Master tape and the sound comes through.A great Stevie Wonder CD , but all of his CD 's are great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The five albums by Stevie that Motown chose to remaster are five of the greatest pieces of music ever created -LRB- in my humble opinion ... -RRB- Just wan na ' say however that they blew a once in a lifetime opportunity with the remastering of these albums . Whoever they got to do the re-mastering must have some high-end hearing loss , because he tweaked the highs way too much , perhaps trying to go for a contemporary R&B , over-hyped sound . It 's pretty consistent across all the new CDs , which I eagerly bought - a sharp , brittle high end . And too much compression as well , sort of squishing the life out of the tunes . I 'm just thankful I bought a copy of Mobile Fidelity 's Gold Master 's Series `` Innervisions '' before they went out of print . To my ear , that 's what all Stevie 's records should sound like . And for now , I 'll happily keep listening to the original versions of all these classic albums .
 This is a LIVE CD & the cover does n't tell you that upfront . The songs are great but not if you want the original versions .
 Do n't get this if you are expecting the songs to sound the same as the TV show . We were expecting something different .
 I was looking for something like Mike Phillips and the group Unwrapped . This is far from it if you know the group that I am talking about.They did absolutely nothing with the hip-hop hits on this cd . A total waste of time and money . They even messed up Barry White 's hit . I ca n't say here what I really would like to say about this cd but it stinks some kind of bad . Try it for yourself and good luck .
 The Japanese imports of the Doobie catalog are remastered.Warner Brothers here in the U.S. is still selling the old LP-EQ 'd , terrible-sounding masters they released on CD in 1990 . If you love these albums , get a set of the Japanese editions . They cost more , but they 're worth it.Here is the link to the Japanese remaster ofLivin ' on the Fault Line .
 Hold up iam not kid to start of.But what is freakin true is that these guys suckkkkkkkkkk . These guys are like those out of nowhere rappers.NOT Even rap.straight up stoopED !
 This cd would be great if it had about maybe 1/2 the songs . The individual songs are good , but most of them sound pretty much alike . The few selections from the ` bandit dance ' genre are especially captivating , but even with those , after 3 songs I feel I 've gotten the idea . Simply , I would 've really liked more variety on this recording .
 They forgot Erotic Exotic ... nuff said !
 I 've had this cd for about 2 years now . When I purchase a cd of a style of music that I am 100 % unfamiliar with I usually wait a while before making any final decision about it , especially if I do n't seem to like it upon first listens . After again listening to it a couple times in the last few days -LRB- something I 've done off and on for the entire time I 've owned it -RRB- I think I 've finally decided to say that I am just never going to enjoy this music.I do n't know if it 's this language , this particular style of Polish music , or just the voice of the lead singer on this disc , but the vocals are just incredibly bad . So bad that I was embarassed the couple times other people heard a moment of this cd as I was listening to it . Their reaction has always been `` OH MY GOD , what are you listening to ??? '' . I absolutely can not listen to this cd in headphones , it just grates on my nerves unendingly . Here is where the positive note , if there is one , comes into play . For some reason I can sleep really well to this cd . Each song is very similar in rhythm and after a while they all just run together . Something about this rhythm and the constancy of it from song to song sort of creates an overall drone that I can sleep to quite well every so often.I guess the bulk of this review comes down to this simple phrase ... You Probably Wo n't Like It . My cousin married a woman of Polish ancestry and they have 2 very young children . That is the main reason I 've decided not to sell this cd at the used cd store . I do n't know what region of Poland her ancestors are from -LRB- and neither does she I do n't think -RRB- , but I figure if one day their kids want to hear some sort of Polish music I 'll have this cd and they can check it out , plus it will spare them having to pay for it . I do n't think they will like it , but at least they 'll be able to hear it a couple times .
 Just 6 years ago , Bone Thugs-N-Harmony released their hit single ` Tha Crossroads ' . It sold 2 million copies and tied The Beatles for the fastest rising single ever . Now , this mega-group of British kids , who apparently can not create their own hit , decide to ` remake ' it and put it out as their own hit single.The result is an embarrasment . The original song was about lost loved ones . Blazin ' Squad keeps the chorus & bridge , as well as the `` Bone bone bone '' at the beginning , but put in their own lyrics that do not have anything to do with lost loved ones , with an exception of a tiny part of one verse . They try to rap fast like Bone , but end up rapping fast like Jay-Z . What I mean is the bouncy style , not the harmonizing one.This song is now a number one single in the UK . Listeners in Britain are eating it up due to the excessive promotion it has been given , unaware that this hit is a complete -LSB- re-make -RSB- of another hit from just 6 years ago . Please , download Bone Thug 's version `` Tha Crossroads '' , or buy their album E. 1999 Eternal and realize who the people who are actually behind the hit . They are people who have never had a hit the size of `` Tha Crossraods '' since then , and now barely sell any records , while a dozen British kids who can not make their own hit get rich off of someone elses.Same music as original , same chorus , same bridge , same intro , only extremly worse verses . According to the Blazin Squad website , one of the members of the group is named `` Krazy '' . A member of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony is named `` Krayzie '' .
 I have bought this album on the advice of the reviews that I have read here , and I have some advice for eveyone else
 Kind of disapointed . The songs are not what I expected from an Elton John CD.This Christmas party may be my grandma and even her does not like it !
 Love the song `` Step Into Christmas '' and that is why I bought this . However , it is mainly hard rock - not traditional Christmas songs - and I got it initially because of the song by Elton John and it was one of Starbucks . However , not what I would normally by . Gave it to someone who loves Hard Rock and was happily received .
 U2 's `` New Years Day '' = a holiday song ? I would n't bother except that the money goes to charity -LRB- hopefully -RRB- .
 I was tempted to buy this CD last year when it was available from Starbucks directly , but having owned other - and better - versions of the songs listed , I decided not to . Once more I am making the same decision this year , skipping it even though I 've recently heard Rufus Wainwright sing some memorable original - and both traditional and contemporary - Christmas songs at a holiday concert with his sister Martha , other members of their family and friends at Carnegie Hall -LRB- I will say that Rufus and Martha know how to have a great holiday concert ! -RRB- . The only good reason to buy this holiday mix of songs - which I presume were selected personally by Sir Elton John himself - is for the purpose of donating at least some of the CD 's purchase price towards the Elton John AIDS Foundation , which is a most notable , laudable goal . Last , but not least , the final song on this CD , `` Calling It Christmas '' , is a new , original song from Elton John with lyrics written by Bernie Taupin ; if I 'm not mistaken , it was recorded with Elton and the entire band playing at one of his favorite Atlanta , Georgia studios .
 This album has some good songs on it , but it has some weird choices for a Christmas album and does n't seem to be very well thought out . I would prefer to have something else . Seems like someone took Sir Elton 's name slapped it onto a package and put together whatever songs were easiest to get the rights to use .
 I did not like this at all . I expected Elton John to sing but even so I can not believe he likes this kind of music . I hated it .
 This recording was appallingly poorly done . Other reviewers are singing the opera 's praises , with which I agree , but this recording specifically was impossible to listen to . There was so much noise on top of the actual music that I could n't hear the opera . I fully regret my purchase , but would not foist it upon anyone else either . I was looking for something affordable to prepare to see the Metropolitan Opera Live in HD Broadcast with Placido Domingo in the title role , and I was sorely disappointed . Affordable does not always mean adequate !
 Absolutely awful recording of a great opera.This CD is in mono and sounds like a member of the audience left their cassette recorder on . Several other `` good '' reviews refer to how all the words are `` intelligible '' and there are the usual `` shuffling of feet on stage '' . What kind of recordings do these people usually buy?Buy this if you do n't mind tossing your money in the garbage .
 A Japan-only release , this is a remix album based on The Private Press . It 's all over the place ; there are bizarre choices like the rock guitar in `` Six Days -LRB- Soulwax Mix -RRB- '' or Mos Def rapping over a different and unspecified version of `` Six Days '' , semi-interesting novelties like an extended version of `` Walkie Talkie '' , and truly bad ideas like the U.N.K.L.E. remix of `` GDMFSOB '' with Roots Manuva on the mic . I mean , who wants a crappy trance-rap remix of a DJ Shadow song ? Freakin ' nobody . This thing was just a bad idea . If you think this music is fantastic , chances are you wo n't really enjoy DJ Shadow .
 Ok , as I 've said in the past , he is talented . The problem is , he has n't made up his mind on who he intends to be ... and he is too old to be that indecisive . This professional review says it best -LRB- www.splendidezine.com / review.html?reviewid = 10815329601128299 -RRB- , where the folks at Splendid Ezine ask if this 40 year old Spaniard is really trying to break onto the dance scene with A-Chi-Li-Pu and expect his more contemporary fans to take him seriously . Was that girl doing the english vocals -LRB- Danielle Garrison -RRB- really a singer or was it just some silly girl he dragged into the studio to impress ? I would guess that latter . Get back on track Jose ... or your fans will desert you !
 I am a long time Ednita Nazario fan and LOVE the sensual quality of her voice . I own all her recordings and eagerly awaited Por Ti . I found it very disappointing . While the voice is just as intoxicating as ever , I find the material to be uneventful in view of the recent live recordings -LRB- Acustico -RRB- , and her other cd 's . I hope her next effort is more in tune to what her incredible potential is .
 Un exito rotundo es una produccion musical que la mayoria de sus canciones sean un exito en la radio . Un ejemplo puro de esto es el CD Sexto Sentido de la inigualable Yolandita Monge . Ednita , tu nuevo album esta curioso , pero te falta mucho para ser como Yolandita .
 mana who
 Definitivamente muchos no estaran de acuerdo con mi opinion , pero Mana es la peor banda de rock latino . La culpa no es de ellos ni mucho menos , creo que Mana nunca debio dejar de ser lo que que siempre fue
 i am very dissapointend i 've been buying cd at amazon for years n this is the first feak cd is not original
 Teenagers . . A word used to express , immaturity , atittude and other novelties . So why not stereotype the entire youth of UK Cities and walk talk like the Blazin Squad ... Obviously more is well . . more nowadays as some mindless record label decided that the young girls are bound to fancy one of these muppets . . actually fraggles . . because muppets where talented once . . The songs on this album were obviously written by some other hick like Ben Folds Five . . Can this cd get any worse . . Probably.as it seems easy to stay in the charts nowadays with a song about quacking ducks , ketchup and what people go to school for . . indeed.THEY GO TO LEARN NUMMERS ! Bring Back Iron Maiden . . Hurrah . . END OF MESSAGE
 these guys provide the worst collection of terrible noise i have ever had to put up with . they are not talented , they are not better lookin than your average , not because they cant dance or because they wear awful wannabe gangster clothes . Infact , i do not know why blazin squad is so ` awful ' but they are simply disgusting in the most proposterous ways . the only thing i wud compare it to is , hang on , i wud compare it to just about every single pop song being released at the moment . its just irrelevant garbage .
 Ducey may think of himself in many ways , and I know personally that he does . But it is indeed a downright dirty shame that he is still chugging out sludge after all these years.Ducey is a half-baked wannabe who just wo n't give up and get a real job . Blues he ai n't , and this recording shows it . Take up golf Robbie , and go home !
 I bought the CD as a present for my father.When I got it I was very unplesantly surprised that the sound of the recording is dull -LRB- it was made originally in 1961 -RRB- and it was not digitally retouched although according to the descrition the CD was made in 2000 . I contacted the seller regarding the problem no response at all.I dont recommned that CD if you are looking for good sound quality.Ovearall the opera is a masterpiece .
 The songs in this CD were sang by thousand other singers million times . Unless if it 's done differently with new arrangements , new style , better performance it 's a total waste . My suggestion , please find new songs , there are plenty out there . Give the new writers a chance , pay them few dollars and give them some royalties . And you IL DIVO , will sound more unique and different . After all you have great voices .
 I think they all have beautiful singing voices , but when aired on TV they sang in English , most of the CD was a different language and I was very disappointed with it
 I preface my review of Siempre by stating I 'm a huge Il Divo fan and have seen them in concert once . It was an amazing show ! I frequently listen to their first two albums , which I really enjoy . However , my least favorite Il Divo songs are the ones where they take a once popular English song and transform it into a version in another language . With that said , I 'm somewhat disappointed with Siempre . Of the nine new songs , most of them fit the pattern I mentioned before . This time , they chose songs that I 'm either tired of or did n't like the first time around . So here I sit with a new CD I have no desire to listen to again . I 'm hoping it will grow on me .
 I just bought 3 CD 's for gifts after hearing Il Divo on several TV shows this week . They sang in English and why would I not expect their CD to be in English also ? No one said it would not be in English and not a word on Amazon that it was not in English . The music is beautiful - but I would appreciate being able to understand the lyrics . Very disappointing !
 Considering the fact that I love Il Divo and their exceptional voices , this CD was a major disappointment . The songs are blah and unoriginal , and the sound quality of the CD is the worst I 've heard in a long time . The producer of this waste of money needs to go back to the drawing board . Il Divo 's heavenly voice deserves better .
 Sounds better than freeway traffic noises , but not much . The sad fact is that if Il Divo had never happened , each of these guys had a shot at serious work . But , thanks to the Machiavellian denizen of American Idol , they have become a commodity . Not horrible , but oh so trivial .
 Here they are , ladies and gentlemen , the Limp Bizkit , no ! - the INSANE CLOWN POSSE of the classical world ! Assembled by Simon Cowell - that perpetually irritated Brit with hair designed by Frank Lloyd Wright -LRB- is he sure AI stands for American Idol and not Artificial Intelligence ? -RRB- - these four plastic-faced young lads can make you weep like a baby , though not from the soaring emotion in their voices -LRB- there is none -RRB- , but merely from the immense pain they will inflict upon your eardrums . You see , Simon Cowell is an expert at crushing the dreams of youngsters hopeful of a career in music , and with Il Divo , he 's successfully crushed my dream , as well - the one where I envisioned a world where music like this does n't exist.I ca n't quite decide which is the worst aspect of this music
 We should begin to boycot albums that shortchange us with too little music . No matter how good it might be , 39 minutes is about 20 minutes too short !
 It was n't as good as I thought it would be . I had heard the one song before the purchase , but the rest of the CD did not compare . I regretted my choice .
 I did n't care for this CD . I was disappointed that it was not in English language .
 I loved their voices but I was very disappointed that there was n't any songs in English .
 THESE SINGERS ARE GREAT I BOUGHT EVERYTHING THEY DID , BUT I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS ONEM I LOVE THIS GROUP , PLEASE CONTINUE TOO MAKE MORE CD , S
 The first two IL DIVO CD 's -LRB- IL DIVO and ANCORA -RRB- contained music from many different sources , and some of the better-known songs were enhanced by IL DIVO 's musical arrangements and interpretations . The SIEMPRE CD , however , contains songs with rather similar-sounding melodies , which results in a surprisingly monotonous sound despite the ramped up attempt by IL DIVO 's production engineers to make the sound `` original . '' The effort fails miserably since all songs sound the same , and one is tempted to claim that if you spliced one song into another , it would be difficult to tell where one song ends and another begins . With the exception of a couple of songs that are up tempo , the majority of the songs on SIEMPRE are not only thematically but also musically uninspiring . Even the usually exciting vocalizations by Carlos Marin and David Miller are strangely predictable and bland on this CD . Although I bought many copies of the first two CD 's as gifts for friends and highly recommended them to anyone who would listen , after over thirty critical listenings of SIEMPRE -LRB- followed by comparative listening of the IL DIVO and ANCORA CD 's -RRB- , it was my conclusion that the third time was definitely not the charm . Friends to whom I had again sent SIEMPRE were also not as enthusiastic either about the song selection or their execution . Although I still very much enjoy the first two CD 's , I was so disappointed with SIEMPRE that I 've given it away . In my view , SIEMPRE falls flat on one main point in particular -- listenability . One hopes that their next CD will be more varied and musically less whining than the unfortunately conceived SIEMPRE .
 I returned thios because there was only one decent recording on it , i.e. , `` Caruso . ''
 These guys songs have no originality ! For better romance songs in Spanish , try Alejandro Fernandez or Luis Miguel . I think their voices are far moresmoother than IL Divo !
 Listened to this album at the behest of my car pool buddy - his turn to pick the music . Amazing - `` Nights in White Satin '' really stood out . Thought the `` artists '' were doing a not so subtle bit of satire . It was about as good as I 'd expect Lady Gaga to be doing a cover of `` Ave Maria '' . At least Rod Stewart 's forays into new genres are graced by vigor and intellect . You 'll find neither here . Its not often a musical group can simultaneously tarnish multiple musical genres on a single CD .
 One album was excusable folly . Making a second was definitely an almighty lapse in good taste . A third album ? Oh dear , Il Divo , OH DEAR !!! Now most of you are going to assume that I have n't heard this album because I will tell you I do n't own it . Well , I 've heard it many times in my work place and I 've had ample opportunity -LRB- if those are the words ? -RRB- to experience -LRB- if that is the word ! -RRB- this album.So what is it ? Well , it is n't opera and it is n't `` Classical Music '' , and it certainly is n't Pop music ... . well , let 's just say that it is n't good or creative `` Pop music '' . What Il Divo seems to me to be is merely a marketing exercise - a means of making money for the producers , the managers , the production company and , last , but not least , the members of this Popera Karaoke outfit.What angers me the most is that Il Divo does n't lead anyone anywhere - it does bring anyone closer to anything . This group sings pop music in a most displeasing way and they do not sing opera . Il Divo is a concept , and a not terribly well worked out concept at that . A quick answer to Amici ? Probably.This music is n't natural and it has grown out of any natural or worthy artistic desires . That is why I hate Il Divo . No one can convince me that an opera singer , trained in and exposed to the great work of Monteverdi , Rameau , Purcell , Handel , Gluck , Mozart , Beethoven , Rossini , Donizetti , Bellini , Weber , Verdi , Schubert , Wagner , Debussy , Puccini and Berg , wakes up one day and thinks that singing third rate modern pop songs would be a cool way of spending the rest of his or her career . No , the only reason a music student would choose such a course would be the lure of quick money and fame and fortune without hard work and further study.I do n't doubt for a moment that in a couple of years people will dump Il Divo like a hot potato and be a little embarrassed that they ever paid for glop like this.Siempre is undoubtedly the worst Il Divo album and the singers hardly even make a token attempt to blend or sing `` in ensemble '' . You hear four lads yelling most of the time . There is little attempt to phrase the music or sing with any elegance or grace . I do n't think any one of the members of this `` group '' could ever have a career in serious opera.You 've heard of Bel Canto ? Well , this is Can Belto!yuck .
 I listened to the whole album on AOL . Go have a listen before you put down your money .
 The Eurythmics ' `` I 've Got A Life '' has been # 1 on Billboard 's Dance/Club chart for 2 weeks as of mid-Dec 2005 . The one and only version of this song you should care about is the David Guetta & Joachim Garraud Mix . This is the mix that has made this song a massive hit at dance clubs worldwide . It opens with basically a 90 second acapella of Annie Lennox 's vocal , then breaks into a wicked bassline which carries you into the rest of the song . This is a truly amazing mix . Unfortunately , it is not available on this CD single , or any of the others that have been released so far.Why do record labels do this ? Why do they release an amazing mix to clubs to promote a record , then put a different set of less stellar mixes on the actual CD releases . Everyone who hears this song out at a club wants a copy of THAT version of the song , not some watered down version . And record companies wonder why CD sales are falling ...
 A good effort , but without John 's driving bass the Who is just average.Now Zak is very good -LSB- Ringo 's son -RSB- but some of the classics are a real miss without John 's magic fingers . Losing Keith was bad enough , but if they ca n't find a bassist that can re-produce at least some of the Entwhistle 's magic please do n't tour or make these DVD 's . As a fan who saw them live in the past it is just a cash grab .
 Come on Pete , how many times can you recycle this crap . -LRB- OK , crap is not a good term since these ARE great songs , but how many times can you try to make a buck off them !?!? -RRB- GIVE US SOMETHING NEW or find some other WHO stuff to play . 99 % of these are already on the the video from four years ago , which is superior as Entwistle is playing bass on that one . I love the WHO but enuff is enuff !
 I own a lot of concert DVDs and this is the worst one . -LRB- And I am a big fan of The Who -RRB- . Fortunately , I only paid $ 10.00 for the DVD and not a lot of money on a ticket for the actual concert . All of the people who were at that show should get a full refund !
 who thinks the who should of finished there career when keith moon died because they went on and made two dreadful albums with the ex-small faces drummer kenny rogers who was a great drummer in the small faces just not in the style of the who then comes this dvd which a friend of mine let me borrowed and he said it was the who back on top form . . well i do n't hear it all i hear is too old men plodding through their greatest hits and have a backing band . . of 6 form intelligance god zak starkey 's drumming is awful do be scared to hit the drums zak there not going to bite you and the bass player who-ever he is SUCKS nowhere near the superior of the late great greatest bass player the world has heard MR john Entwistlelike i said in my review on amazon.co.uk the who should of stopped years ago before they turned into a pub tribute band of there glory days please roger and pete stop i ca n't bear to see you two humilate yourselfs any longer ... do n't bring out a new album please
 This DVD shows the Who to be a shadow of their former selves . The same old songs are wheeled out yet again , but this time the absence of John Entwistle really shows the band to be a spent force . One ca n't blame them for taking the opportunity to make money if they can , but the fact that there is no creativity whatsoever evident is saddening . From rock pioneers to a golden oldies act , what a shame . There is the promise of a new album , but as Daltrey makes plain in his interview this will at best result in 4 new songs in the golden oldies set.It is a pity that the band does n't release some good archive footage , as per last year 's Led Zeppelin package , to remind the world what a great band they were in their day . As with the band 's own Encore CD releases of every concert performance of recent years , this DVD serves only to document a band well past it 's sell by date . If only the marketing effort was put into releasing classic era material . Serving up ever diminishing quality performances on video coupled with repeated greatest hits audio releases will only damage the band 's reputation further.For completist 's only - for all others I recommend buying The Kids Are Alright or 30 Years Maximum R&B ; DVDs . For those keen on the more recent outings of the band , I recommend the Royal Albert Hall concert from 2000 . The Who was always about the interplay between the musicians and each person 's unique style developed as a part of the whole , which always exceeded the sum of its parts . Had Entwistle not been a virtuoso bass player they might have managed to overcome his loss . However , without the dynamic between Townshend and Entwistle it no longer really makes much sense as the pieces do n't fit . If they put half as much energy into being creative as they do pretending to be the act that they once were , we might have something to look forward to .
 The CD arrived in a timely manner , but from the 8th song to the end of the CD is just a garbled mess . Tried cleaning the CD to no avail .
 THIS CD IS NO GOOD THE LYRICS ARE JUNK THE MUSIC MAKES YOU THROW UP I WANTED TO SUE SOUTH PARK MEXICAN FOR THIS JUNK CD THAT I BOUGHT FOR 17 DOLLARS BUT IS NOT WORTH WASTING TIME ON THIS JUNK.I HATE VANILLA ICE BUT SOUTH PARK MEXICAN IS WORST THAN THE VAILLA ICE.IF YOU WANT TO BUY A STREET HIP HOP CD BUY DR.DRE OR D12 OR IF YOU LIKE CHICANO RAP BUY SPANISH FLY , L.S.D FULLY STRAPPED , THE FROST BUT DONT BUY SOUTH PARK MEXICAN THE HOMIE COULD NOT RAP LIKE PEOPLE SAID DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON JUNK LIKE HIM
 OH NO WHY DO RECORD COMPANIES LET PEOPLE TO RAP AND SELL RECORDS , THIS RAPPER IS WORST THAN WATCHING GRASS GROWS , DONT BUY THIS CD IS WASTE OF CASH.BUY OTHER CD 'S FROM OTHER RAPPERS BUT NOT SOUTH PARK MEXCAN EVEN THE NAME IS JUNK ...
 This band could be good if they didnt have such an awful lead singer . He just does some kind of terrible rap throughout every song . If they got him out of the band they might be good . He is just AWFUL !!!!
 OH NO WHY DO RECORD COMPANIES LET PEOPLE TO RAP AND SELL RECORDS , THIS RAPPER IS WORST THAN WATCHING GRASS GROWS , DONT BUY THIS CD IS WASTE OF CASH.BUY OTHER CD 'S FROM OTHER RAPPERS BUT NOT SOUTH PARK MEXCAN EVEN THE NAME IS JUNK ...
 THIS CD IS NO GOOD THE LYRICS ARE JUNK THE MUSIC MAKES YOU THROW UP I WANTED TO SUE SOUTH PARK MEXICAN FOR THIS JUNK CD THAT I BOUGHT FOR 17 DOLLARS BUT IS NOT WORTH WASTING TIME ON THIS JUNK.I HATE VANILLA ICE BUT SOUTH PARK MEXICAN IS WORST THAN THE VAILLA ICE.IF YOU WANT TO BUY A STREET HIP HOP CD BUY DR.DRE OR D12 OR IF YOU LIKE CHICANO RAP BUY SPANISH FLY , L.S.D FULLY STRAPPED , THE FROST BUT DONT BUY SOUTH PARK MEXICAN THE HOMIE COULD NOT RAP LIKE PEOPLE SAID DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON JUNK LIKE HIM
 After three years of hearing Brenda perform , I thought by now she would have improved . Her childish vocal `` talent '' borders on high school choir level and it 's completely obvious that what talent she holds on the guitar only revolves around chords . She should give more credit to John Hermanson who is the only bright spot on the CD . It would more amptly be credited to him since the majority of the playing is his . So if this would be considered a John Hermanson CD , I 'd give it 5 stars , but since Brenda claims it is hers , it is only deserving of 2 stars .
 Garage grunge that is better produced than a true garage sound but still just sucks . One of the worst albums I own . Skip it . Not worth your time
 First of all
 I have Gold Afternoon Fix , Hindsight , Of Skins and Heart , Priest = Aura , Quick Smoke at Spots , Seance , and Sometime Anywhere . I 've enjoyed them all . Recently , it occurred to me that I should buy some more since they 've continued releasing cd 's and I like their older stuff . Mistake . Nothing on this CD gets higher than 3 -LRB- out of 5 -RRB- stars , with most getting 2 stars . I would avoid this CD and get any of the ones mentioned above as they are good . I still plan on buying some of their other releases , but I just hope this was an oops and the others better .
 This interview is trite and stupid . They want to talk , but have nothing to say . They ca n't sing , so this is not as painful to listen to . They are n't even a real group . They are just a marketing ploy aimed at a particular target audience . It is good business strategy , but the `` songs '' are lame and lousy . Nasty Spice , Rancid Spice , Rotten Spice , Stinky Spice and Stupid Spice belong down the drain with the other old spices . They are bad .
 This review is related to the Japanease release -LRB- mini-LP replica -RRB- of Swiss Movement.This is one of the greatest jazz performances . Spirit . Soul . Life . Drum . Ecstasy . But the sound quality is of big questione . Yes , it is dated to 60 's . Yes , it was recorded at the concert . But the bonus track showcases how good the sound quality could have been on this release . On all other tracks you hear drums , keyboards and voice in your left channel and the horns in your right channel . Bass is almost not defined and is boom-boom box rather than a set of strings . The audience is in your right channel , too.This is a great piece of jazz -LRB- probably , a must have -RRB- . But it is definitely not an audiophile record or even close to it .
 This review is related to the Japanease release -LRB- mini-LP replica -RRB- of Swiss Movement.This is one of the greatest jazz performances . Spirit . Soul . Life . Drum . Ecstasy . But the sound quality is of big questione . Yes , it is dated to 60 's . Yes , it was recorded at the concert . But the bonus track showcases how good the sound quality could have been on this release . On all other tracks you hear drums , keyboards and voice in your left channel and the horns in your right channel . Bass is almost not defined and is boom-boom box rather than a set of strings . The audience is in your right channel , too.This is a great piece of jazz -LRB- probably , a must have -RRB- . But it is definitely not an audiophile record or even close to it .
 Whenever a famed house mix series gives a spot to a dance music producer not normally known for his DJing skills , the results are wildly unpredictable . On one hand , you have triumphs like Satoshi Tomiie 's Nubreed disc , where the man shows that his talents extend beyond creating a catchy tune and can captivate audiences over two full discs . On the other hand , you have disasters like this Bedrock mix by John Creamer and Stephane K . This series was started by John Digweed 's legendary mix of 1999 , and while the followups by Jimmy Van M and Chris Fortier were lesser to that , they nonetheless kept up the tradition of a dance floor aural journey . Creamer and Stephane K , however , put their tracks in no real order . In fact , only at the very end of the second disc do we hear anything like rising energy.In between , the duo showcase some tracks they obviously dig . Unfortunately , these are either unmemorable or remembered as bad . The vocal loop of G-Pal 's `` Ocean of Blue '' is probably the most annoying I 've ever heard in a genre sadly plagued by bad vocal loops . And if that on its own were n't bad enough , they immediately follow it up with another vocal loop-based track , Kim English 's `` Supernatural '' . The only real standout here is John Creamer And Prince Quick Mix 's expletive-filled `` F Sonnet '' . I can not recommend this compilation at all , even if you 've collected the rest of the Bedrock series .
 I am a huge sharrock fan , all of his other solo work -LRB- especially ask the ages -RRB- and the stuff he has done with pharoah and other groups is some of my favorite music , and I 'm also not predjudiced against `` free-jazz '' as the critics label it -LRB- eric dolphy is my hero , and I love ornette coleman -RRB- but I just dont get this album , the songs seem like they are going to come together and start really jamming at one point or another in pretty much every track , but they just continue noodling around with no solid rythm or melody or solos or anything , the whole album just sounds like the five people noodling around aimlessly in the same key while they drummer just plays random rythms on the toms , maybe there is something really great or worthwhile on this album that I havent picked up on , but I just dont get the point of any of this music , plus its not enjoyable or energetic , get ask the ages instead is my advice .
 I agree with reviewer who called material inessential . I have only recently gotten into Lips . I started with Yoshimhi and worked backward to Satellite Transmissions . To be honest , If asked to do a blindfold test prior to buying this , I would n't have known this was Flaming Lips . I guess it has some value as historical document of where the group came from , but I ca n't see myself listening to it much in the future .
 If you like albums like THE SOFT BULLETIN and YOSHIMI BATTLES THE PINK ROBOTS , be forewarned that that sound is light years away from what you 'll find here . This collection includes early material from a time when the Lips ' biggest influences -LRB- as mentioned by Wayne Coyne in the liners -RRB- were a combination of psychedelic music of the 60s , arty English new wave -LRB- Psychedlic Furs , Bauhaus , Echo and the Bunnymen -RRB- , and some of the early alternative acts -LRB- Redd Kross , R.E.M. , Black Flag , Meat Puppets , B * tthole Surfers -RRB- . Expect a lot rawer sound that owes quite a bit to punk and garage rock and not much to the lush orchestrated pop the Lips make these days.The set features material from `` The Flaming Lips EP '' , `` Hear it Is '' , `` Oh My Gawd ! The Flaming Lips '' , `` Telepathic Surgery '' and various unreleased tracks and live rarities from 1983-1989 . Additionally , it is not Wayne Coyne who sings on tracks # 1-5 , # 16-19 -LRB- disc 1 -RRB- and # 12-16 -LRB- disc 2 -RRB- , but his brother Mark -LRB- who later left the band -RRB- . Best tracks here are
 Wishing is another 80 's classic , but there is a little less to back up this album than there self titled debut .
 the performance on this album is below the standard that Benson and Al Jarreau are known and loved for . it is shameful at times the way their singing performance trails off or is out of tune on a particular track ... i 'm dissappointed .
 Lousy . I tried to listen but finally gave up . Presented my neighbor with the CD since he has kids who act nuts .
 Al & George are two of my Fav 's . When I saw the new CD I was thrilled and pre-ordered ! Im such an Al Fan I am flying from Cleveland to Califronia in a few weeks to see a show in Southern Cal . I have seen George B about 4 times . Their song choices for this album could have been much better . Even the choice of instruments and lead are poor . I could have picked 12 other songs that would have truely maken this a 1 +1 = 3 . In stead , this has been dimisnished to a 1 +1 = 1/2 . I listened to this 2 times and threw it in the garbage . Unfortunately , it has a second life . My sister got it for me as a Christmas gift . I had to smile and then throw it out the window of the car on the way home ! Stay away .
 I did not feel the jive here ... no disrespect to the talent of both of them as they are artistes in their field but I did not connect with this like I had hoped .
 The CD arrived in a timely manner , but from the 8th song to the end of the CD is just a garbled mess . Tried cleaning the CD to no avail .
 your co did ` nt have item in stock and i was given a refund
 For about 2 years I waited for this lp . There was so much hype that he was holding it back to perfect it . To someone it may be perfect , but I have heard 95 % of all hiphop that is out there , but this seems to be average . Nothing really `` perfect '' about this album . I am a huge AZ fan , but this is nothing what I expected . I thought this lp was gon na be something on the same level as the classical illmatic . But unfortunatly it wasnt . Problems is a brilliant track along with At Night , but tracks with Joe ? That isnt the AZ I used to know . After hearing this album I lost massive respect for AZ. . AZ if you are reading this bring it back to the streets where it came from .
 Yeah well , it 's ok . But i also agree with with the other one , the tracks from 7 and on are not really my cup of the . But the other ones are great , Terminator Arrival is cool and Factory Chase are my favourites . I would give it 2,5 stars if it was possible ... thoug i am a big fan of the movie it does ` nt catch .
 This features only a handful of tracks from the great Brad Fiedel . If you want to listen to the music from the movie , get the Definitive Edition , available now from Amazon.com , for only 42 more!Avoid the 80 's shlock . Go with the pounding movie score now .
 I did not realize how little of the actual soundtrack music was on the CD , I do not like anything from tracks 7 and on . It is junk ! I wish I could return this CD , -LRB- How about it Amazon.com , what is your customer satisfacion policy ? -RRB- I am ordering the definitive edition based on reviews .
 Besides the Terminator being an awesome movie with bad one liners and cornier action scenes , it was truely something of the 80 's ... I loved it honestly ... the sound track does nothing for me as a listener . It doesnt move me like a dance CD . and most the music was made in ten minutes on an electric piano . what a bore , but the nintendo will sound wicked .
 If your strictly into the terminator soundtrack , 1-6 is what you want ! i do n't know where 7 on comes from -- never heard it in the soundtrack . -LRB- pop tunes ? -RRB- In my opinion
 I was extremely disappointed in this CD - I would have taken it back but the store where I purchased it would not take the CD back after I removed it from the cellophane.Why ? Because I had the original , vinyl record when I was a kid and LOVED it . The lyrics are great and really enjoyable for everyone . I can still repeat the lyrics by heart.As a result , I was heartbroken when I bought this CD and discovered that all the classic songs were `` remastered '' meaning they were sung by different singers , at different speeds ! I just could not listen to my beloved songs being gargled at high speed . These songs are very clearly NOT the original recordings.So , this CD is being donated to the local library , where kids that did not hear the originals will hopefully not be disappointed as I was .
 The first nine tracks are acceptable remakes of the songs from the original movies , but your kids will know right away that it is n't Pooh Bear & company singing . We do n't even listen to the rest of the CD because the kids do n't recoginze the songs . I was disappointed .
 ... , the first 9 songs are good -- they were written in the 60s . Then the CD jumps to 1996 and all you can hear is a giant sucking sound . I did n't realize that the songs were not original , now I hate it even more .
 My daughter loves Pooh and unfortunately I ignored other lukewarm reviews and bought this CD . The majority of the songs I do n't recognize and they did n't use the original artists/tracks for the recordings , so the voices are n't recognizable either . Beyond that , it simply is n't a good mix of songs . I 'm glad I bought it used and did n't pay full price ...
 I only paid three bucks for this CD , but I 'm still bummed out by the release . I have to believe Walt Disney Records was trying to mislead customers into thinking this was a collection of original recordings by naming these songs like the originals and not putting anything obvious in the literature to indicate these were new versions e.g. Little Black Rain Cloud -LSB- 1999 Edition -RSB- . The CD insert even shows 1964 copyright dates for the songs . Sadly , these are not songs recorded for the original Pooh movies -- just shabby imitations .
 although this cd has a few pretty good songs , most of it flat out sucks , i would recomend getting the latest lotus -LRB- black rain -RRB- instead of this .
 I loved the first works of the Insane Clown Posse.Mostly for their originality in their lyrics and music.But this album sounds like every other rap albumon the market . It 's like ICP just shed their personal stlyelike a snake w / it 's skin . If you want hilarious , interesting music from ICP , get Ringmaster .
 this has everything that a Juffalo could want in an idp cd . I love that dude violent monoxide . This is my third idp cd but I still have n't opened the green funny , looking clown one . I think it be good too . Much eminem love . I love the new guy uranus . I love being a Juffalo !!!!
 GOTHIC RAP!That just about sums it up . If you are looking for the humor or hip hop of Classic ICP or Twistid 's Mostasteless , forget it!Just dark , non thoughtful dribbling here . It must have taken all of a week to write , record , mix , master , remaster and press the CDs . Hard to find because it stinks . Psychopathic is n't going to keep producing a CD that does n't sell.The time you spend listening to this will be a truly poinless waste of time.Dark and Dopey Rap.Your best bet in finding this is in a cut-out bin or in an on-line auction . But beware , if you pay more than a buck or two you 're being had.Download it if you can and you 'll be amazed at how fast you want to get rid of it - if you can even make it thru one listening !
 What is this ?! Dark rap ? Goth rap ? HAHAHAHA !!! What a load . You want some real scary music ? Try early throbbing gristle , early christian death , brighter death now and bethlehem . Want necronomicon inspired music ? Anything by morbid angel will do .
 As excited as I was over the Deeper Shades of Blues , I was optimistic about this newer disc . It was not to be . This album appears to be for the most part an inroad into jazz jazz/rock , as other R & B artists have done . It worked for Jeff Beck , but it does n't work for LD in my estimation . The title cut is pretty good , and so is Living on Maybes . Other than those two cuts , I am not likely to listen to the disc again .
 I guess if you liked bands like tom waits or lou reed you would n't be dissapointed with this album , but if you 're like me and like fast paced high energy music this albums not for you
 your co did ` nt have item in stock and i was given a refund
 For about 2 years I waited for this lp . There was so much hype that he was holding it back to perfect it . To someone it may be perfect , but I have heard 95 % of all hiphop that is out there , but this seems to be average . Nothing really `` perfect '' about this album . I am a huge AZ fan , but this is nothing what I expected . I thought this lp was gon na be something on the same level as the classical illmatic . But unfortunatly it wasnt . Problems is a brilliant track along with At Night , but tracks with Joe ? That isnt the AZ I used to know . After hearing this album I lost massive respect for AZ. . AZ if you are reading this bring it back to the streets where it came from .
 Fifteen years ago , Screamfeerder played a gig at a small northern coastal Australian city . I met the female bass player on the beach before the gig . She seemed like a nice girl , but was trying to sell her band like an Am-Way representative . Never a fan of the band , i tried to cut her off at the pass and talk to her in my very best John Wayne accent which failed to discourage her , and later on that night i attended the gig . Screamfeeder churned out a grungy feedback style rock n roll that was slow , repetitive and as pleasing as pancreatic cancer . I told the band as much also . So many years later Snicko on advise from his mental health counselor , and the board of directors at Am-Way Australia have recommended i apologize to the band for any pain and suffering caused and wish to offer the band a 7 % discount on their next 44 gallon drum of blast off toilet bowl cleaner when purchased during our upcoming Christmas clean out .
 I was extremely disappointed in this CD - I would have taken it back but the store where I purchased it would not take the CD back after I removed it from the cellophane.Why ? Because I had the original , vinyl record when I was a kid and LOVED it . The lyrics are great and really enjoyable for everyone . I can still repeat the lyrics by heart.As a result , I was heartbroken when I bought this CD and discovered that all the classic songs were `` remastered '' meaning they were sung by different singers , at different speeds ! I just could not listen to my beloved songs being gargled at high speed . These songs are very clearly NOT the original recordings.So , this CD is being donated to the local library , where kids that did not hear the originals will hopefully not be disappointed as I was .
 The first nine tracks are acceptable remakes of the songs from the original movies , but your kids will know right away that it is n't Pooh Bear & company singing . We do n't even listen to the rest of the CD because the kids do n't recoginze the songs . I was disappointed .
 ... , the first 9 songs are good -- they were written in the 60s . Then the CD jumps to 1996 and all you can hear is a giant sucking sound . I did n't realize that the songs were not original , now I hate it even more .
 My daughter loves Pooh and unfortunately I ignored other lukewarm reviews and bought this CD . The majority of the songs I do n't recognize and they did n't use the original artists/tracks for the recordings , so the voices are n't recognizable either . Beyond that , it simply is n't a good mix of songs . I 'm glad I bought it used and did n't pay full price ...
 I only paid three bucks for this CD , but I 'm still bummed out by the release . I have to believe Walt Disney Records was trying to mislead customers into thinking this was a collection of original recordings by naming these songs like the originals and not putting anything obvious in the literature to indicate these were new versions e.g. Little Black Rain Cloud -LSB- 1999 Edition -RSB- . The CD insert even shows 1964 copyright dates for the songs . Sadly , these are not songs recorded for the original Pooh movies -- just shabby imitations .
 Not the best of the french group Space . Only 2 good tracks
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Elmo , it 's just that the DVD of Flowers , Bananas & More ! came broken ! I was really disappointment with this .
 I returned this series of videos because I wanted The Best of Elmo , not Elmos World videos . I purchased several different videos , but when I returned these , I paid $ 17.99 , and only $ 6.00 was returned to my credit card ! They charged me a return shipping charge which was expected . They charged me a $ 9.00 restocking fee !! I wll not buy any more videos from Amazon again . Read the fine print , this was ridiculous !
 i ordered these dvds for my 2 year old grandson , he was very upset when we tried to watch them only to find we had the wrong signal in england to watch these dvds . how do you explain this to a 2 year old ?
 I was disappointed to find out about this popular character made by Sesame Street is barely educational , not funny -LRB- even for an 18 month child , especially for a parent -RRB- , and mostly just a way to waste 50 min of my kid 's day . If that 's all you need it for then go for it , but I think there 's plenty of better stuff out there.We rented the Sesame Street Old School volumes from Netflix . Those shows are from the early 1970s and the difference is huge ! Those shows are both funny and educational . And to my surprise , faster paced ! These Elmo shows have little visual charm as they are mostly cheap computer graphics . They go on and on about redundant topics , like eating bananas , for about 15 minutes . The old Sesame Street teaches much more valuable lessons quicker and more enjoyably than Elmo in these shows.Oh , and the character Mr. Noodle is actually offensive to me . If you do n't know he is the bumbling idiot adult whom the kids can tell what to do when he tries to , for example , put on a jacket .
 My son absolutely loves Elmo , so I thought that this would be a good way to purchase more of his dvd 's . You ca n't beat three for the price of two , or so I thought . Head to Toe is obviously an early one , the set is n't very good and Mr. Noodle is a little creepy . The others are better , but a little more annoying than the dvd 's I already have . They use Elmo 's camcorder too much and it makes me a little motion sick . But my son does n't seem to mind . The Pets segment is also included on one of the best dvd 's , so I have two dvd 's with it now . I think that the Families , Mail , & Bath Time , and the Pets -LRB- Pets , Dogs , & Cats -RRB- are way better . My son thinks so too . He does n't really like the new ones in the set . It 's definitely not the `` best '' of Elmo . It 's the dvd 's that they could n't sell individually .
 does n't measure up to the excellent cd 's of Sven Van Hees , such as his ` Gemini ' or ` Calypso ' . Try to avoid it , do n't ever buy it ... !
 I had never heard of this guy before until I bought this CD for a dollar in the blowout bin . I figured it was worth a shot as I generally like the Vegas lounge lizard genre and I 'm a sucker for a live album . The good news is the sound production is quite good , this was n't done on a shoestring budget . Also on a high note , the band is quite decent and they gel well together here even if they remain low key and unable to really `` push '' the tunes like a larger group would do . The main problem stems from Brian himself . No , he is n't terrible , he just is n't great . Lets face it , these tunes have been done to death by everyone from the masters to the pretenders . If you ca n't bring a new angle to them or at least cover them as well as say a Michael Buble , then why bother ? The guy sings mostly on tune , but its his TONE that 'll get to you . Its a kind of nasal drone that inexperienced pseudo-crooners like Matt Dusk have the unfortunate luck of possessing . The longer you listen , the more its all you can hear . Its too bad , when you realize that this album is the culmination of a life long dream for the guy , even though the audience sounds small and generally unenthusiastic . Who knows , maybe his studio work will come off better . I 'll never know because ... you never get a chance to make a first impression .
 Wow , I am so disappointed in this album!I 've burned through several copies of Evita , and I expected to burn through this CD but I could n't even listen to the whole thing the first time I popped into the player . Every song is sung at half speed , and over emoted . Mandy 's voice is so strong and lovely he has no need to punch up the emotion.If Mandy were a bad lounge singer this is what I might expect.Such a disappointment ! I think I 'll be ebaying this one .
 A friend recommended this CD and GUARANTEED that I 'd like it because we like a lot of the same artists -LRB- Cowboy Junkies , Crowded House , Peter Gabriel , Enya -RRB- . I bought it and tried my hardest to like it , but just did n't . It reminds me of Robert Cray , but not as good . There 's maybe one song on this whole CD that I somewhat liked . I loaned it to another friend to see what she thought , and she was with me on this one . I dunno . Maybe YOU will like it , but I thought it blew .
 This is probably one of the most disgusting songs I 've heard in 2003 . People try to counter attack me by asking `` Your saying that because it 's not cool to like huh ? '' bah . I heard this crap song before any noob in the trance genre even began talking about it . If you 're a veteran in the prog/trance world you 'll know exactly what I 'm talking about -LRB- hog wash mainstream dance music -RRB-
 This new CD got SUCH G L O W I N G reviews by the `` critics '' and it sounded so interesting and unusual ... I could n't wait to try it ... I even ignored the previews customer reviews ... thinking `` just must not be their cup of tea '' . After receiving the cd and listening once I thought just maybe I did n't really give it a fair listening . So I played it several times and each time found it less and less interesting.The renditions are overly simplified and after a while become monotonous . I was so disappointed in what I THOUGHT based on the publicity was going to be something unique and interesting.Uh Uh was n't ... ELH
 The grammatical incorrect accent on the second `` a '' of Fantasia should have given me a warning about this CD.Better title would be `` Tormento Cubano `` I had to make an effort to listen up to the 6th track the first time I played it.Just to make sure , I suffered it to the end on a second playing.Not even worth returning it . I will spare someone else the pain of even trying to listen to `` this thing '' . Into the garbage bin it went .
 if you like trance you might like it better than me as i 'm more of a house fan but i only found two tracks out of both cds that i liked .
 Disc 1 - cheese , cheese and more cheese . Cheesey synths and fluffy basslines . Weak disc.Disc 2 - some good tracks on this disc . Has more of a big room sound and a nice progression from track 1-13 .
 John Tesh is the hardest rockin ' rocker ! As he rocks he fits in the same Circle as GG.Allin , Septic Death , Amy Grant , Brotha Lynch , 3 inches of Blood , and many others .
 your co did ` nt have item in stock and i was given a refund
 For about 2 years I waited for this lp . There was so much hype that he was holding it back to perfect it . To someone it may be perfect , but I have heard 95 % of all hiphop that is out there , but this seems to be average . Nothing really `` perfect '' about this album . I am a huge AZ fan , but this is nothing what I expected . I thought this lp was gon na be something on the same level as the classical illmatic . But unfortunatly it wasnt . Problems is a brilliant track along with At Night , but tracks with Joe ? That isnt the AZ I used to know . After hearing this album I lost massive respect for AZ. . AZ if you are reading this bring it back to the streets where it came from .
 Im a long time fan of Cheb mami and a big fan of rai music , the form of music Cheb Mami -LRB- the prince -RRB- an Cheb Khaled -LRB- the king -RRB- come to represent . I even have a photo I took with him back in 96 , which I treasure . To tell you the truth I was not impressed by the delali album.Although I loved Mavis 2 fois It was not as good as his last album an nowhere near his first , featuring classic tracks like Let me cry an Douhaallia . But for those who are just being introduced to Cheb Mami , well its about time , an if you like the way Mami juxtaposes his style with others then I reccomend Nitin Swahney 's prophesy album - moonrise , featuring Cheb mami .
 The new Cheb Mami album disappointed me . I really did not appreciate American producer Nile Rogers putting his hands into Arab music . Rogers somehow destroyed the excitment and the result was only so-so . Cheb Mami 's last album was much better .
 Even ` cheb ' -LRB- which means young and is hardly an adequate descritpion of the singer 's age or the music -RRB- pushes the limits.This is reasonably competant pop music , executed with enough `` ethnic '' flair to pass , but hardly a major step away from the tons of Euro-pop out there . Good thing you ca n't understand the lyrics , because you might as well be listening to Brittany Spears if you could.With rai pioneers like Khaled -LRB- whose recent work is still passable and whose first few recordings from the early 80s were brilliant -RRB- and ` le pere du rai ' Bellamou Messaoud readily available on CD , why waste your money on this studio-generated pop ?
 Hello . . I can say in my own that this cassette is the best for cheb mami , because it contains wonderful music and developed sound . . Mami is the prince of Rai and he has the big ability to continue in progress , I write this item because I love him very much . .
 your co did ` nt have item in stock and i was given a refund
 For about 2 years I waited for this lp . There was so much hype that he was holding it back to perfect it . To someone it may be perfect , but I have heard 95 % of all hiphop that is out there , but this seems to be average . Nothing really `` perfect '' about this album . I am a huge AZ fan , but this is nothing what I expected . I thought this lp was gon na be something on the same level as the classical illmatic . But unfortunatly it wasnt . Problems is a brilliant track along with At Night , but tracks with Joe ? That isnt the AZ I used to know . After hearing this album I lost massive respect for AZ. . AZ if you are reading this bring it back to the streets where it came from .
 The sound quality on this `` Live Video '' is very , very bad . It seems to me that the video was recorded live and the sound added afterwards . I would not recommend this video to anyone
 Do n't trust the other reviews , they are wrong ! I bought the CD thinking I was getting what the other reviewers are saying and the songs are not even the same.The song titles and length on the CD is actually :1 . Lonely Avenue 3:042 . safe as milk 3:303 . the only one i want -LRB- is you -RRB- 3:104 . my baby -LRB- she 's mine -RRB- 3:175 . sick and tired 3:036 . in disguise 4:467 . let it rock 3:578 . tossin 'n' turnin ' 4:089 . slide guitar man 3:10 Now I 'm trying to see if I can return the CD for full credit . Amazon could have at least display the description of the CD with song names .
 What do `` engineers '' have in their heads to treat such masterpieces the way Mr. Crimp did with these Mengelberg recordings ? They 're ` overfiltered ' and with serious problems of balance in the Franck Symphony . As a result , one does not hear the clicks and noises present in the original , but high frequencies are not present either . IMO Mr. Crimp made the `` mediocre '' originals sound even more mediocre.As for the performances , if you appreciate Mengelberg 's abilities as a colorist -LRB- like I do -RRB- and if you 're , just like me , a fan of his surprising and funny rubati , these performances are for you . But , for God 's sake , try to purchase the earlier Teldec reissue of the Dvorak -LRB- Symphony 9 '' New World '' -RRB- and the Opus Kura edition of the Franck -LRB- Franck
 I love Feist 's music , I think the true formula for her succes are great music pieces combined with awesome lyrics , saddly most of this renixes disrupt the lyrics and the music leaving a black hole where the essence of Leslie Feist 's songs are lost . Yet if you are a fan of feist and remixes there are a couple of songs that sound great , but rather than buying the album I would buy those songs digitally .
 Wow , if id actaully paid for this album i 'd be even more angry right now ! There are some nice remixes on this album , but more importantly there or some real howlers , who is this `` VV '' , cut his attemps and you 'd have a good album , im not sure if its possible to mangle mushaboom more , even if he tried . If you loved Let it die , which i did , dont buy this , youll be sorry ... oh im listening to Open Season as i write this , When i was a young girl -LSB- vv mix -RSB- is playing , seriously cringe worthy
 I guess someone thinks remixing several songs in different variations is totally worthy as a follow up to the excellent original . Wrong !!!!!! I bought this an gave it away the same day . No matter how appealling Ms. Feist original cd was , several remixes of its ' hit singles does not make them a buy option when looking for a new cd . I am sure there will be tons of downloads of some of these remixes , get them , skip the purchase of the cd . A great opportunity was missed here . This cd should have been her THIRD release , not her SECOND . Solidify your position with a good sophomore cd and then take some time out with a remix cd .
 Is this the same band that put out Whoracle or is this another Ozzfest / / MTV NU-Metal band ? This CD has made me lose all respect for In Flames . I love Swedish Death Metal do n't get me wrong -LRB- At The Gates , Naglfar , Night In Gales , etc. . -RRB- but this CD sounds like a mix of NU-Metal vocals mixed with White Zombie type keyboards and organs , give break guys and whats with the Trigger CD all the dance house techno mix -LSB- junk -RSB- , and a David Bowie , whats next a Michael Jackson cover or a stupid rapper on your next CD . IN FLAMES IS THE BIGGEST SELLOUT BAND SINCE METALLICA ,
 I used to be an in flames fan until this album came out , it 's that bad .
 This CD is like a diesease that has no cure . Firstly the music is nothing like the real In Flames I listened to when I first became a fan in 1995 , they just keep getting worse instead of better . I 'm sorry I will still listen to Lunar Strain and Whoracle but you lost another fan .
 Okay first of all there are three types of people on this planet , those who like the old `` In Flames '' , those who like the new `` In Flames '' , and people that do n't even know who `` In Flames '' are . I personally fall into # 1 , which means I like all of their old stuff , espicially Whoracle , and Jester Race/Black Ash . If you fall into category # 2 , then you really need to rethink this . This review area for this album has turned into message board with people arguing back and forth about old and new . Its time to set you all straight.For the people who like the new in flames , please listen to the song `` Dialogue with the Stars '' , and tell me how the hell `` trigger '' even compares with this , or any of the songs rather . If you still like the new crap , read this section over again until you do n't , or just forget about in flames ! Do n't give them support for their crap ! -LRB- dont get me wrong here , i still love them , and i listen to old albums everyday ! -RRB- For the people who like the old in flames , please listen to the song `` Trigger '' ... . Are you laughing yet ? You should be , because its total nu-metal crap . For all the people that dont know who in flames are , dont start with `` Reroute to Remain '' , I would suggest starting with their earliest album and moving your way up , this way you will respect songs like `` Wayfaerer '' and `` Jester Script Transfigured '' ! E-mail me please and let me know which you like better , old or new . I wana see how many people actually like this `` nu '' crap . Thanksoldinflamesbetter@hotmail.comE-MAIL ME !
 terrible CD , go back to your roots guys your losing the real fans that put you on the map in the first place .
 What an extreme disappointment . In Flames was one of the only bands I could count on to consistently put out good music ... I guess that has come to an end with this ... of an album . They seem to be following in the the footsteps of another formerly good band , Amorphis . -LRB- If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , check out Tales from the Thousand Lakes , then check out Tuonela -RRB- . There 's terrible , at times laughable -LRB- non-death -RRB- vocals , rarely any decent guitar work , and mostly just the same tired , uninspired metal riffs we 've heard a hundred times over . And that 's not considering the corny ... lyrics -LRB- which you can now understand -RRB- , poorly done keyboards and other annoying , terrible sounding ... that 's thrown in there for good measure .
 Around 1994 , I heard a song called `` Behind Space '' from a then pretty much unknown band from Sweden . I scoured the Internet to find out who was this band who recorded this incredible song . It was n't long before I found out who it was and started buying everything they had available and awaited newer material with bated breath . Then `` The Jester Race '' was released and I knew this was a band to be reckoned with . Fast forward a couple of years and I noticed their releases became different and frankly more generic . Still , I gave them the benefit of the doubt ... then they release this `` thing '' . Frankly this album sucks , I even felt embarrased playing it in front of my friends . I think In Flames started to believe critics when they -LRB- critics -RRB- said simply In Flames were rehashing the same stuff - they were n't . Even if they did want to change their style , there is a way to do it without sucking -LRB- see
 Ive been into In Flames since the day `` The Jester Race '' came out , so I can proudly say they have been my favorite band . . up until 9/3/02 . Holy ... Batman , what a load of donkey doo-doo . I can honestly say this is not the old , good In Flames we used to know and love . Gone are teh uplifting melodies that used to be stuck in your head for days ... replaced with some of the worst singing I have ever heard . His growling vocals are still jsut as good , but the clean vocals remind me of . . * shudder * Jonathan Davis of KoRn . The music is a bit heavier than previous albums , but that is becasue the melodies have been pretty much scrapped , and there are 3 or 4 solos on teh whole album , the weakest the band has ever done . If you are new to this band . . please dont get this . . get one of the masterpieces before The Jester Race , Colony , or Whoracle .
 I love just about every In Flames album except this one . Compared to my other favorites such as Episode 666 , Clayman , Jotun , etc etc , these songs are horrible . This is just the opinion of myself and under 10 other Flames fans that I 've talked to , so maybe we 're in the minority . I do like Minus and Cloud Connected though . It only gets 2 stars overall from me though .
 I 'm surprised to see so many positive reviews for this album because I was pretty disappointed when I heard it . I 'm not a fan of nu metal and to me , that 's what it sounds like . I do n't think In flames are selling out or anything like that I think they were simply experimenting . What ruins this album for me is purely the way its been produced . The catchy melodies typical of In Flames are still present but it seems they 've been put into the back ground and a thrashy nu metal guitar rhythm overpowers them in the foreground . I find myself straining my ears to hear the real music . Its a bit of a shame really - I think it could have been a really good album . Having said that , the track Metaphor is a little bit different , very interesting and worth checking out .
 I used to love in flames ... Back when Whoracle was new I was listening to it constantly . Then Colony was just as awesome . Then Clayman was awesome too ... but granted not their best . Now I think their popularity has overcome them . To be honest with you , I think they are trying to sound like Soilwork on this album ; and do it poorly . And whats with all the ... quiet clean vocals ? They sound awful . ... If you heard this cd and didnt know it was In Flames , you 'd probably say it -LSB- was n't good -RSB- . Bad CD ; not In Flames . VERY DISSAPOINTING
 This has got to be the worst In Flames album yet ... if you have been listening to them since Lunar Strain and Jester Race . I wouldnt exactly call this selling out because i do n't really think even mainstream kids would be into Reroute to Remain . I dont know what to call it . Sure I like keyboards and synths ... when Im listening to Dimmu Borgir or Emperor or some other black metal . It just doesnt seem to fit in with the classic In Flames style . And the vocals . In past In Flames albums such as Clayman -LRB- Square Nothing -RRB- and Whoracle -LRB- Gyroscope -RRB- I tought is was cool the way songs would start out mellow and then end up being heavy and some of the best songs on the albums . But now a lot of the songs are just mellow . There are songs with out a trace of a growl or screech . The only thing I want to praise this album on is that it does have some catchy riffs even if they do sound drownded out . If you want to hear some great In Flames check out their heaviest album Lunar Strain , also Jester Race , Whoracle , Colony , and Clayman .
 In Flames has officially lost their touch . WIth this album , they moved themselves into the generic mainstream metal genre , and in doing so , turned themselves into `` just another '' band . Though Cloud Connected is a pretty good song , the rest of the album is dull and monotone , with a few extra notes here and there . I loved every album they made before this one , and I 've hated every album after it . A true shame .
 This is perhaps the worst album of the year . I had high hopes , but upon first listen I discovered this album really lacked everything previous albums had . Even `` CLAYMAN '' which I also thought was a very horrible album beats this . It 's main problem is its not In Flames . It sounds like some Nu-Metal band trying to be something their not . I do like Nu-Metal , but In Flames is n't that type . They never have been , and they should n't have changed . They made a big mistake with this album . They also created a void in fans with this album . Even if their next album were back to basics it would n't be able to save this fan . I like change , but I like change for the better .
 I bought the CD . I listened to it . I sold it . Why ? -- The vocals are 80 % clean , soft spokened however mixed with some decent fretwork . This did not make one such as myself very thrilled . I do n't buy records to hear someones emotions or try to relate to their pain -- I buy for entertainment and basic sound . This sounds bad .
 How could you let them do this ?? In Flames = sellouts . Listen to songs like the title track and `` Cloud Connected '' or any of the ballads . Then listen to anything from `` Whoracle '' or `` Colony '' . Hard to believe it 's the same guys . In Flames has officially made their transition from melodic death metal messiahs to the `` next big thing '' . The comparisons to Metallica are right !! Whoracle/Jester Race/Colony = KEA/RTL/MOPClayman = AJFARtR = Black/Load/Reload
 This album is garbage . I love in flames and i ca n't find anything nice to say about this album except that when thrown from a moving car it flies really nice and shatters into a million pieces !
 I was so excited when I woke up on September 3rd to get the new In Flames album ! Of course I had heard the rumors that it was going to ... but I had faith in my favorite Swedish band . I noticed the art work they had done to their cover and already I could see the difference . Their classic `` Jester '' went from looking like the darkness they used to sound like and now look like a puffy marshmallow ! I got on the train and started listening and I could believe my ears . They had changed so much . Me being an In Flames fan for over 2 years , I got all their albums , and I could n't believe a band with so much talent went from something like `` Jester Race '' to `` Reroute To Remain '' . I hope the title has a secret messege behind that . I believe Nuclear Blast -LRB- their record label -RRB- should back off and let them play what they feel , sing like they used to and if not In Flames Should consider going to another label like Century Media . Over all there is something about the album that I do like because I keep listening to it but a true IN FLAMES fan , I am a bit disappointment .
 Well , you can not blame the decline of the Gothenberg scene on In Flames ' 2002 release . In fact , you can blame this release for making the scene look even more profitable than ever . The famed Gothenburg `` sound '' is attributed mostly to this band of bands , who 's classic releases such as Lunear Strain , Whoracle and The Jester Race showed this band was also one of the most talented groups to emerge onto the metal frontier since Obituary put the state of Flordia on the map with their unique brand of death metal.Reroute to Remain however , as the title could be suggesting , is a different path , a new creative direction that is much simpler than the patterns of past releases . Each of the past two prior to Reroute showed signs of more commercialism in this band 's future , with Colony and Clayman scoring key singles and widespread acclaim from younger fans , but drew criticism from longtime hardcorests.This album shows the band as hardly the same group of guys that produced eye opening metal masterworks in the 90 's , with the singles coming closer to radio and the fanbases gathering larger by the day , In Flames could quickly become the next European product to sell a million records within a few years . Most metal cds are lucky to get that far in a lifetime . -LRB- we wont go into the fact that Back in Black is now # 6 all time -RRB- However , the oversaturated nature of this `` evolution '' corrodes the ears of a longtime Flamer.If you would like to see this band closer to its past glory , the 2004 release `` Soundtrack to Your Escape '' is closer to form , surprising as it may seem . We may only have to bear one Reroute to Remain , like Megadeth fans had to endure only one Risk . -LRB- an album i actually like -RRB- To the credit of the Flames though , at least they attempted something different , albeit unsuccessfully in many true metal minds . Do n't label these guys as sellouts for one album ... they are still In Flames . Trust me .
 Way to be trendy and lose all your real fans . The people like me that have listened to metal since the early 70 's know when a band sells out for the teenage audience and if want to get rich by marketing your music that way fine , but I 'm listening to -LRB- Naglfar , Night In Gales , Dissection -RRB- while In Flames takes a downfall into NU-Metal . P.S. WHATS GOING ON WITH THE IN FLAMES BOBBLE HEADS I SAW AT SPENCERS AND THE LUNCHBOXES AND DO N'T FORGET THE -LSB- WEAK -RSB- FREDDY VS JASON MOVIE SOUNDTRACK !
 Its really sad to see a band come to this . This is what I fear worst in metal bands of today . Conforming into that mediocre sound that gets radio play . `` Nu '' metal you might call it.I 'm a big fan of In Flames older work . And I was hoping this album would take a step forward , when it really just flopped . It sadly does n't rise over some of todays bands -LRB- slipknot , godsmach , etc. . -RRB- , and is at the most a fad.I hate to see a band with such good chemistry and musicianship fall apart like this . I 'd rather see them brake up than make another album sounding like this . In fact , the only song I was impressed with was Dark Signs , and it was only entertaining at best . I dont listen to music to be entertained . I want to feel humanity . I want to feel emotion . Whether it be hate , stress , love or fright . There 's not much to look forward to.Please , do yourself a great favor and go out and pick up `` Whoracle '' . This was when the band was at its peak , and did n't care about being cool . I hope IF does n't become a passing thing . This band had something , and I 'm hoping to find it again on their upcoming album , this spring/summer .
 What in frikkin hell happened ? They are such sellouts , especially now they released the Trigger single with the new song ` watch them feed ' . Thats a totally nu-metal song . I liked Clayman , I do n't know why people bash it , it was a departure from their sound , but still was Swedish death metal . My favorite is still Whoracle . I only gave this 2 stars cause I still liked some songs on it , like Trigger .
 This album put the classic heavy In Flames to shame . The clean vocals are much too poppy to be anything this band would put out . The music is n't wild enough either . I must agree with the aforementioned Dark album analogy . This is not black metal , simply put . People who do like intense death/black should n't look here , or even on Clayman for that matter . It 's too bad they had to sellout and go for the masses instead of where they were truly appreciated . Fans of this album should check out Killswitch Engage , other pop-metal .
 I will start off by saying that , after reading some of the other reviews for this album , I agree it is always good to expand your musical horizon . But In Flames went in the wrong direction in my opinion.First off , the Album consists of boring , lackluster vocals that lack any sense of depth . Secondly , The guitar work is genreic , boring and gets stale towards the end . Musicianship in general seems to be missing . Perhaps I 'm being slightly unfair in my opinion , seeing as how I CAN NOT stand ANY nu-metal in any of its forms , but that 's just it . In Flames was n't nu-metal before.For those of you who are hardcore In Flames fans , you 'll either love it becuase it 's In Flames , or you wo n't be able to get past the fact that it just ended up being another nu-metal album that will probably be forgotten in the next 2 years.The reason I give it 2 stars instead of one is because , though I do n't like their new sound at all , I give them credit for having taken a new path . It is hard to change your style completely and not have a few people frown on it -LRB- myself included -RRB- . To me , this album is failed ambition . But that does n't mean it 's an utter failure , and it does n't mean everyone feels that it was failed ambition .
 I actually liked Clayman quite alot , though it was a bit of a departure from their signature sound it still had all the elements that made In Flames a great band . So , they had the benefit of the doubt when I went and bought Reroute to Remain , I was hoping I 'd not be let down . Saddly though , this was not to be the case . The first thing which struck me , was the quallity of the production , or rather the lack of it . Ander 's growls are almost totally lost amidst an excess of vocal effects and seemingly poor mix work . The rest of the production work is adequate , but nowhere near the perfection of Clayman.The lack of guitar melodies established with Clayman continues here , to an even greater degree , with many riffs being rather chunky and lethargic rather than driving and powerful . The groove of the songs is rather lacking as well , seeming to favor a more `` slammy '' approach which quickly gets tiresome , and is certainly NOT the In Flames I know and love . Somewhat oddly , there are a few `` vintage '' gothenburg riffs tossed in , as if to say , `` look , we 're still OG ! '' but they do little to salvage the overall sound of the album.The drive is just not there on this album . It quite frankly sounds more like a pale immitation than the Godfathers of Gothenburg . Needless to say , I 'm not going to be blindly purchasing any more In Flames albums , they 're going to have to be screened and determined `` fit for human consuption '' before hitting my ears from here on out . Sad .
 I used to be a In Flames fan , but where are the double guitarmelodies and the cool structures . These are hits who are easily to listen to but none of them are any interesting or fun and they sound very similar . Buy something else .
 this disc is NOTHING compared to `` The Jester Race '' , `` Whoracle '' , and `` Colony '' . im not saying that because i dont like the new sound -LRB- i like `` Soundtrack to Your Escape '' , also -RRB- , im just saying it because this album has 3 good songs ... and thats all.Standout tracks
 all and all this is a decent album , but doesnt come close to the meoldic and heavy songs on colony , clayman , or whoracle , -LRB- my favorite in flames albums -RRB- . this album just goes a little too mainstream and lacks some of the melodic , original solos that are on the previous albums . its almost like evry song sounds the same with a lame chorus added to it . Dont get me wrong , i love in flames and cant wait until their new album comes out , but i just hope its heavier and more melodic metal we have seen on their pervious works before R2R .
 I rate all their first records from Lunar strain to Colony as 5 star releases . Colony is a little weaker and sounds more like a party record but still very good , Clayman was a point in the right direction , wich I thought was to be followed up on this record . Before it was released I heard rumors saying that the type was changed from Melodic deathmetal to Nu-metal like Limp bizkit or Slipknot . I can tell you now that it wasnt the case . In Flames has once again gone their own way , but it sounds more commercial than all their other releases . I dont like the direction in wich this is heading , and to put 14 similar songs on one CD is just too much . Anders Friden sounds no longer as chaotic as he used to and the clean vocals are just an attempt to find a wider audience . Annother thing is that the synth takes over much of the Guitar parts and the typical inflames doubbel solos are gone . Verry dull . No track is very special and the only track i like is the title track -LRB- even if the other ones are listnable -RRB- . If you dont like this new direction buy their previous records and also try Dark tranquillity , AT the gates and Dark Funeral .
 Kataklysm once dubbed themselves as `` Northern Hyperblast '' . Now they are just about as bad as Six Feet Under.Dont bother with this unless you are into cheesy death metal .
 This `` White Trash '' box set really does n't have anything new to offer to hardcore Manson fans . The content in disk one are the same tracks you will find on their `` Birth of the Antichrist '' CD -LRB- which is renamed `` My Monkey '' for the box set -RRB- . The second disk is the same situation , the content on this disk are the same tracks you would find on their live CD called `` Live '' -LRB- which is renamed `` Cyclopse Live '' for the box set -RRB- plus the same flaws on the `` Live '' CD are in the second disk as well , which some of the songs do n't match the order of the track listing . What really hurts this set is the fact that nothing in this set brings anything new to Manson fans and the poor sound quality is n't improved . This set could 've been better if there was rare and unreleased material from the Marilyn Manson and the spooky kids era instesd of the same stuff all over again . I recomend getting Manson 's `` Lunch Boxes & Choklit Cows '' CD over this box set .
 I was looking for that great Disco song released in 1979 written about a soldier living the reality of the Space Invaders video game becoming reality . This song definitely is n't it .
 This was an obvioius hurried product which is not up to the level of other instructional materials available for the didgeridoo . While the spoken instructions are clear enough , the playing examples are quite weak . A seven minute introduction not only delays the beginning of instruction , but is basically a very poor display of play skills which make the user wonder why the performer is teaching anyone . While advertised as ` beginner through intermediate ' the average person will surpass the playing skills of the instructor in no time flat and hunger to learn something , anything from anyone else.With all the learning materials now available for this instrument , I would recommend searching a bit more , perhaps paying a bit more and getting a far better start to your playing experience.Peter
 I think the most important concept in learning to play a rhythm instrument is the rhythm . Something totally lacking in all playing examples on this disc . The demonstrations of playing are all very wandering , forgetable series of ` noises ' that demonstrate a complete lack of understanding by the instructor of the difference between music and ` noise ' . This CD leads the student nowhere and unceremoniously leaves them there , out ten bucks and searching for a real musician to teach them . The didgeridoo is a remarkable instrument in the right hands . This so called ` how to ' CD makes a joke of it .
 In my case I was talked into getting this by a salesman on the phone who told me that the free disc that came with my didgeridoo did n't cover circular breathing . It was after I received my didgeridoo that I learned several things . The salesman , the person who made the free instructional material , the person who made the $ 10 CD and the person who made the didgeridoo were all the same person . But wait , it gets better , I learned that the didgeridoo that I had bought was basically a perfectly straight piece of PVC pipe covered with some fake material to make it look like wood . I learned that it was manufactured in China.So I guess I learned my lesson there . If something sounds too good to be true , it probably is a lie . I do n't know why people ca n't just be honest and upfront about what they are selling.Fortunately , a friend tipped me off to another instructional CD by Ash Dargin which is worlds better . At least , Ash can play a didgeridoo worth listening to!Sam
 After waiting for the new Childrens story teller to come up with something new , you get some reshambled effort of a fantastic disco classic , murdered by Madonna 's lamist lryics to date . I think most can agree , she is no expert when it comes to lyrics , but this is awful , did she dream them up whilst riding her horse ? At first most would love this song , but it is not a timeless dance classic of her earler career , if this is the first taste of her new album , I may think twice about buying her album . Maybe she should stick to acting , but then again , she isnt very good at that , especially after destroying her husbands directing career .
 I 'm a big Madonna fan , so with great remorse I write this , but it 's important that I do . There is nothing spectacular here . The only worth while mix is Tracy Young 's mix , otherwise disposible . The album is excellent though.I give the maxi-single a generous 2 stars .
 Madonna needs to hang it up.doing a Abba song & trying to re-create ` Saturday night Fever '' with the video ai n't even happening.Madonna vocally sounds flat.I do n't care what Name she is going by , the bottom line She is corny & played out.I call Madonna `` SandWoman '' because she puts me to sleep.been a long , long time since Madonna had a cut that i could Groove to.this ai n't it .
 A reviewer posted on 11/17/2005 : `` If you do n't have this , you are COMPLETELY missing out . '' In case you could n't tell , that was actually a warning * not * to have this song.Anyway , `` Hung Up '' is nothing to get excited about . It 's Madonna singing some lame lyrics over a sampled ABBA song . Whoop-dee-doo . I lost track of how many times she sang `` Time goes by so slowly . '' Anyway , you 're better off listening to ABBA 's `` Gimme!Gimme!Gimme ! '' - at least that 's original .
 `` Hung Up '' is nothing but Madonna 's desperate effort to make it to the top charts , after commercial flop of the `` Amercan Life '' 2003 cd . Annoying whiney vocals , some recycled dance music and Madonna 's phoniest lyrics to date . The Queen of Pop is waiting for some guy 's call ? She does n't know what to do ? Oh please , this would be perfect for Britney Spears , however the 47 year old Madonna does n't sound any convincing pretending a teenager . I know dance music is supposed to be fun and up-beat , but still it does n't have to be brainless ! If somehow you like `` Hung Up '' , you should thank ABBA for letting Madonna use their `` Gimmie Gimmie Gimmie '' sample -LRB- She wrote a begging letter , so they would agree -RRB- . Let 's face it - it 's the Abba sample that makes the whole song ! It sounds like Stuart Price produced an appropriate tune for the sample , and Madonna wrote the lyrics over it . `` Hung Up '' may be catchy at first , but give it more than five listenings and it 's getting old and tired . Complete lack of identity . This could be an OK one for some teen pop idol - not for Madonna . You expect much more from someone once called `` The Queen of Pop '' .
 louise ciccone really touched the bottom this time she never been famed for the greatest brain on this ground but here she stole gim me track intro & tries to return to stardomin a pityfulway
 This is one of the worst songs I have heard.It made me sick after hearing it.This single is a turd.DONT EVEN THINK OF BUYING IT.YOU WILL BE WASTING YOUR MONEY.AVOID THIS CRAP and get FOOL FOR THE CITY from FOGHAT instead .
 This is without a doubt Madonna 's worst song ever and that 's saying something . Her voice , if we can call that a voice , is totally wrong for this kind of songs . The lyrics are truly cringe-worthy . A 5 year could come up with better lyrics than this . The sampled disco track is fun but Madonna had nothing to do with it.What 's remarkable is that Madonna , an `` artist '' with practically no talent other than knowing which right person to hire to help her with her music , has finally created a song that 's in the same league as her stellar film/acting projects , like Shanghai Surprise or Swept Away . The veneer of `` respectability '' she always somehow maintained during all these years as a `` music artist '' is now completely gone with this super tacky song.Madonna , stop trying so hard , it 's really embarrassing .
 Well so many things to dislike about this bad pastiche.First Abba original song `` Gim me Gim me Gim me '' , is a classic pop record , like all they did in their disco and after disco era.Madonna coming from her last flop album `` American Life '' , need to appeal with a a catchy tune , that she ca n't make on her own , so not surpisingly she sample ABBA 's . If your deaf or like singers out of key then go for this -LRB- Did you saw how awfull she sings it live in the Europen MTV Awards ? -RRB- cos the notes that she sings -LRB- ? -RRB- does n't even match the melody below , even a overworked remixed version save this , except if you 're been ear-brain-washed or they played this song so much that stick in your head like a nightmare with bad senseless lyrics.Make yourself a favor , but the original `` ABBA '' , avoid this deseperate need to cash in .
 First of all , I am a fan of Madonna 's music -LRB- not all of it , but a lot of it -RRB- as well as a huge ABBA fan.Now I realize that sampling has been very successful for many artists ... and apparently it is here as well , but why ca n't these producers make something more intriguing or dynamic?Gimme Gim me Gim me -LRB- the ABBA song that is sampled here -RRB- is a fairly simple song to begin with -LRB- as many ABBA songs are -RRB- but the complicated arrangements -LRB- both vocally and instrumentally -RRB- are what made ABBA 's songs interesting and fun to listen to.But taking a few bars of the original song , repeating it over and over and over , adding a dance beat , various other musical effects and a new melody does not add up to a pop masterpiece.I think she would 've been better off either following a similar chord progression to Gim me Gim me Gim me or just doing a cover ... Perhaps Benny and Bj&ouml;rn should 've stuck to their strict `` no sampling '' rule here!For some reason many of today 's dance/pop songs get too caught up in the production and lack any real substance ... A good example of a radio-friendly dance/pop song with a somewhat complicated chord structure is Acoustic Alchemy 's `` So Kylie '' on their American/English album -LRB- the song sounds simple enough but if you really listen to what 's going on , you 'll notice subtle chord changes and a really nice progression -RRB- . Now I 'm not going to say `` Hung Up '' is a terrible song , because everyone has their own taste . But I 'm sorry to say it just does n't do anything for me ...
 I know that sometimes reviews tend to show up for more than one item of the same name , so to be specific , this review is for Madonna 's single , `` Hung Up '' Pt . 1 . ASIN # B000BTDM2I . Do yourself a favor , and do not buy this version of the single . Buy the other `` Hung Up '' Pt . 1 . -LRB- ASIN #B 000BQ5N3C -RRB- Why ? They 're EXACTLY the same single , with the exception that for some reason , you 're being charged $ 12.99 for this version , and $ 9.49 for the other version . Yes , I know it should be easy to tell that . They are after all , listed as having the same track listing and both are listed as Hung Up Pt . 1 , but if you 're like me -LRB- slightly willing to overspend , slightly silly , you know , one of them `` collector '' people -RRB- , you may think you 're purchasing both and they 're maybe from different countries or regions or something ... nope , same thing . If you 're browsing this page right now , flip on over to the other version of the single and order that one instead . Do n't get me wrong by the 1 star rating . I think Hung Up is one of the catchiest tunes that hit the airwaves in 2005 , but I ca n't give a high rating to something that 's just sucking money from your wallet .
 i think keane sold out . their first cd was amazing and this one sort of fizzled and died . if they could reconnect with whatever it was that made their first one so great , they 'd be back in business .
 I bought this album on advice from some `` friends . '' I will start hunting each one down , and crush them with my Viking hammer . I 'm more into metal , Prog rock , Blues/rock and Jazz . I was told this was a `` very Prog sounding album . '' What this is IMO , is mediocre POP . There are 1 or 2 nice melodies , but that 's it . I have given this at least 20 listens now and it just gets more boring . Once `` A Bad Dream '' is over I shut this off , for I ca n't take anymore . How appropriate for Keane to have a song called A Bad Dream . For this music is very similiar to having a bad dream . If you like the aforementioned styles of music , I strongly suggest that you avoid this at all costs . If you do like Pop music get some Pineforest Crunch and leave this in the garbage bin .
 Both the lyrics for and the title track , Iron Sea , while printed on the jacket and listed on the contents on the website , are missing . I like the band and their music . It 's the principle of that I expected to receive what I paid for , so I returned it - twice .
 I did like the first one , but with this one I ca n't get into it ; even though the sound is still great it seems like they are overdoing what they did right the first time around , thereby turning sweet into sacarine .
 Without question , this CD is not even close to Hopes and Fears in terms of quality . There are a few good songs on this disk . Crystal Ball is amazing , but this failed to live up to my expectations . Their first CD is much better .
 I really enjoyed `` Is it any Wonder '' . The rest of the songs do n't really constitute an album .
 I was entranced by the song `` Give All To Love '' when I heard it on NPR 's `` All Songs Considered . '' The track hooks you with its circus like , upbeat instrumentation along with the layered chanting and beautiful vocals . Unfortunately , as is often the case , I forgot that the show is `` All Songs Considered '' not `` All Albums Considered . '' Other than `` Give All to Love , '' the rest of the album is a mess with strange non-musical noises intruding every song . At one point I checked my stereo to make sure it was n't broken . I love experimental music but for it to be at all enjoyable it has to trigger an emotion other than annoyance .
 If you liked the first album keep it and cherish it . Do not bother this load of garbage . I ca n't even use it as background music .
 Save your money and just download the only two actual songs on the whole album ; Feel Good Inc. and Dare . The rest of the album consists of tracks made up of random sounds and called songs . This may be the worst album I 've ever owned .
 This review may affend some but i have got to say it the Gorillaz 's this is not music this is some kind of 7 year old music project gone sour . Come on lets face it the Gorillaz have yet to make a album that anybody likes so why would this be any diffrent sure the other cd Gorillaz had `` Clint Eastwood '' on it big deal but was there any song that was cool i didnt think so . So that cd didnt sell so what do they do they make another crappy cd . And call it what DEMON DAYS why ? I tell you why because the Gorillaz 's are monkeys confused little monkeys that have no sence what so ever.This is a plee do not buy this album PLEASE .
 It 's just techno garbage with stupid rap over it ! Good thing all the members are n't black . Or this would 've sold no copies . Good music for feel sorry for me white kids . You 're so angsty and mysterious ! Now go cut yourselves some more .
 They have one cool video with a catchy little song to go with it , MTV plays it twenty times a day and all of the little kiddies go `` yea this sh*t is tight '' . My brother mixed an album consisting of 9 tracks that sound better than this crap and he does n't even have a contract with a label . Besides this has been done a few times by a guy named Beck , maybe you 've heard of him ? So basically if you are into this kind of stuff just buy a Beck album . Atleast it 's better.Continued = WOW THIS IS FANTASTIC SO MANY NEGATIVE OPINIONS OF MY REVIEW . I GUESS THIS JUST PROVES MY POINT ABOUT THE STATE OF POPULAR MUSIC IN GENERAL ! IT 'S FUNNY BECAUSE IN 10 YEARS MOST PEOPLE WILL LOOK BACK ON THIS JOKE OF A ALBUM AND LAUGH ! AND ALSO MAKE FUN OF THIS IN THE SAME WAY PEOPLE LAUGH AND JOKE ABOUT VANILLA ICE , OR WEIRD AL. . OH WELL GUESS SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST STUPID OR ACTUALLY LISTEN WHEN MTV TELLS `` YOU '' WHEN SOMETHING IS SUPPOSED TO BE GOOD . LATER SHEEP !
 This is close to the absolute lowest life form of music I 've ever had the displeasure of hearing ! > _ < `` Kids With Guns ... Kids With Guns ... '' it 's repeated , in the most monotone voice ever ! Who would want to own this ish?Feel Good Inc. was my jam back in 2005 , and Dare gets you moving ! And then I checked this CD out ... Ugh . Let 's say that I wo n't be looking for any of their music anymore.The beats are weird , tacky and unappealing . Vocals are OK , his voice is like a cartoon character , which I like . And I like how they portray themselves as cartoon characters . I 've always , always been a fan of them -LRB- cartoons -RRB- but ... Who in their right mind wants to listen to weird noises in the background , and wannabe dance music ? I know I do n't ! Count me out . > _ < 1 star .
 When I first bought this cd it was for one reason and one reason only ... to get feel good inc. . And it was a good song , that along with dare and dirty harry . But beyond that this cd sucks . The music is all either depressing or puts you to sleep . Its quite pathetic . So if you really want one of their singles just download them , but dont buy the cd .
 Feel Good Inc. is the only good song on the entire album ... every other song is weird and boring . I could n't listen to more than 30 seconds of all the other songs without wanting to go to the next one . In fact , I just bought the CD yesterday and I listed it this morning on eBay ... I want at least part of the $ 10 I paid back !
 What a waste . I hate it when I purchase music that seems different , fall for the ` Radio ' hit because it 's different than what 's in the regular rotation , buy the cd then use the disk for as part of my ` Sucky CD ' collection . After reading the reviews of soooo many 5 star reviewers , buying this thing and then kicking myself in the head , I will stick with with what I know best-Funk , Hip Hop , Death Metal , Thrash , soul , salsa . Get Ozomatli instead . Get Megadeth instead . Get Slapback instead . Get Fishbone instead . Get Erykah Badu instead . Get Dying Fetus instead . Get Devin Townsend instead . Get Ice Cube instead . Get Jill Scott instead . Get John Legend instead . Get Suffocation instead . Get Living Colour instead . Get A Tribe Called Quest instead . Get Maxwell instead . Get Obscura instead . Get Prince instead . Get Redman & Method Man instead . Get the Roots instead . Get Isaac Hayes instead.ANYTHING but Gorillaz . If you 're a TRUE fan of music , I promise you , this cd sux!BROOKLYN S T A N D U P!Cooper Park , baby50 Debevoise Ave
 Why people always think different is good ? Gorillaz is bad , rap is bad , Damon is ... mm ... I do n't like this album and I think their first album suck.This band have no heart , they 're boring !
 Their first album was not taken out of my CD player for 5 months back when it was released . I was a hard core gorillaz nut job . I still am a fan of the old stuff , very much so , and I was first in line to get this disc from the local record shop . If only I could go back in time and warn myself that I 'm better off gouging my ears out with baseball bats than buying this album , I would.Murdoc and Russel are the only saving graces of the album -LRB- warrenting a solid 2 stars -RRB- . After `` Feel Good Inc , '' the album turned into a posse rap ... thing . Gorillaz only had two hip/hop songs on their first album and they were both by Del , fictionally a friend of Russel 's . Seemingly , half of this album has rap in it , but it 's not even good rap , it 's -LRB- c -RRB- rap , and that 's the worst kind . Imagine Vanilla Ice and Ice Cube having a baby -LRB- if you ca n't picture this , someone named Vanilla Cube who has an opinion but does n't know what about -RRB- . Where the heck does De La Soul come into play ? What business did they have being in the video as real people anyway ? It 's like the villain of Roger Roabbit came and is destroying my cartoon fantasy!The club-style music and flippant attitude toward content is a complete betrayal of the fans who knew and cherished the off-beat , quirky , unique , and experimental self-titled album .
 Where 's Miho Hatori ?! Two listens now , and I think I 'm done.Do not bother buying this expanded edition with DVD , it is an absolute waste.The first time i listened to the Gorillaz , I became excited , that some one was doing something new , catchy , and smart.This cd bores me so far , and I will try to listen to it again.Go to their website , and become as lost as I find myself now trying to describe my disappointment .
 Another collection of rhythm overloaded , weak songs from a band that has much more talent -LRB- I hope -RRB- than this disc shows . But , it 's a big hit with the trendy playlist crowd so they 're making some money , which I hope will not produce a followup clone , but something actually original . Yuk !
 This album was unfortunately already made by a true rock band , trust me i love the gorillaz , but Pink Floyd produced this album under another name 20 years ago . So if you wan na hear the original recording , buy Dark Side of the Moon .
 Skip this and pick up Wintersun instead .
 Whathafyuckisthissheeit?I figured if I wrote it like that the kiddies who buy this wo n't understand . People who listen to this obviously do n't understand much . I mean , honestly . If they did grasp reality , they would n't be listening to Gorilleez to begin with . And that would make this whole review irrelevant . But that does n't much matter.And neither does this cd . Nor you , reading this , probably.Or all my negative ratings . So there you go . But what does matter ? Good things matter . Character . Honesty . Being yourself . The Higher Power.Gorilleez do n't offer any of this worthwhile stuff . No matter how much cable TV tries to tell you otherwise . Then again , you all wo n't believe me . Shee!t , you probably do n't even understand me.And there we go , back to the beginning . A perfect circle ? No . I 'd say more in the vague shape of a limp biscuit.Piece out , and hope you put it together , D.S.Rise
 The one and only good thing about this band is the design of the anime alter-egos of the band members . Of course , the band did n't create that impressive art that 's used to market themselves in their music videos and CD packaging , so I suppose there really is n't anything good that this band has to offer . At least GWAR made their own costumes . The fact that any musical group has to hide behind cartoon alter-egos of themselves makes you wonder why they have do it . But when you hear Gorallaz ' music , it 's obvious
 `` REJECT FALSE ICONS ? `` Gorillaz ARE FALSE ICONS!This is trash ... the vocals , music , all of it . Anyone can make up a bunch of cartoon identities for themselves , it 's just a new craze that many people are sadly getting sucked into . Gorillaz must be happy living high on the hog with the money of their fans , at the same time as encouraging them to `` reject false icons . '' The hypocrisy of it makes me want to invent my own stupid fad just to make money , but I 'd rather be poor than purposely make myself look like a freak.To conclude , `` Demon Days '' is a silly album . That 's all . Silly .
 I did n't like it . Can I get a refund , please ? Pretty please ? 50 Cent is so much better .
 The first Gorillaz album was a revelation of musical fusion . Ranging from hardcore hip hop to catchy pop tunes , and even classic punk , Dan the Automator seemed proved he was able to wrangle the widest range of sounds into a cohesive , hip , fun , and at times downright moody album . Spiced up with his signature sound effects and grooving beats he was the perfect match for a group led by four cartoon characters . Danger Mouse , unfortunately , does n't quite take to the project as naturally . While arguably more talented , boasting a greater depth than Dan the Automator , he lacks the inventive , catchy hooks and flat out panache of the out there experimentation the Gorillaz relied on before . With this album it feels as though the quartet have tried to move on , but they have not moved quite far enough . Danger Mouse does n't seem to know exactly where to go , confined to sampling sounds that are trademark Gorillaz and bland beats that go nowhere . There are a few catchy tunes here , but ultimately nothing as groundbreaking as their first album . I can only hope their next album moves beyond into fresher territory , or , at the very least , back into the familiar Gorillaz realm . And that we do n't have to wait quite as long .
 Ok I have to change this review because so far 0 out of 9 people are saying that it was helpful . You know why ? Because they 're all huge Gorillaz fans , and they go through and click `` no '' on any review that they do n't like . Sorry guys , this album is NOT THAT GREAT . I know you all love it and think it 's wonderful , but the main point I was trying to get across is that people who like the `` Feel Good , Inc. '' song will not NECESSARILY like this entire CD . The first half of it is totally different from the single . There are about 3 good songs on this album if you ask me . The rest of it is just experimental music that is really hard to get into . Sorry . Stop clicking `` no '' on my review just because you like this band ... you 're supposed to vote based on whether you think it 's a HELPFUL review , not whether or not you agree with what I 'm saying . To those of you who ARE N'T ALREADY huge Gorillaz fans , I 'm sorry , this CD is not very good . It 's not catchy and up-tempo like the hit single , it 's slow and dramatic , experimental , and NOTHING like Pink Floyd like some people said , and it is NOT the best album of the year . There is very little rapping at all on this CD . I just wanted everyone to KNOW that , so go ahead , hate on my reviews some more and say that this was n't helpful , but people need to know what they 're paying for . It 's an average CD , I could n't listen to it more than twice . I gave it a chance , but it was a waste of my time .
 Who are these people giving this album 5 stars ?!? Coming from the lead singer of Blur , I expected a lot more when I bought it . I had heard `` Feel Good , Inc. '' and `` Dare '' and loved them , and thought that the rest of the album must be of the same caliber . No , it 's not . The rest of the songs are marginal at best . Honestly , I stopped listening after about the 2nd time through and essentially have a 2-song CD .
 After listening to the much , much , much , MUCH hyped Gorillaz , I have to say that they are unquestionably one of the most overrated `` bands '' of all time . Damon Albarn was NOT Blur , by the way . That band was made up of FOUR very competent -LRB- and contributing ! -RRB- musicians . And the whole idea of a cartoon band is about as original as the Archies -LRB- who were better -RRB- . They 've got a new CD coming out this month . Warn me if it 's being played .
 As a huge fan of Gorillaz debut album , I wondered if this side project of Blur 's Damon Albarn would become anything other than a one trick pony . Well , the follow up has finally arrived , and it 's a complete and total disappointment . `` Feel Good Inc. '' is a decent song , but ca n't even compete with the coolness that `` Clint Eastwood '' reeked when it first hit the radio . Demon Days is a lot heavier on the hip-hop than the debut , which may or may not be a good thing . Personally , I was hoping for more songs along the lines of `` Tomorrow Comes Today '' , my personal favorite track from the debut.Overall , a terrible follow up that could have been something truly spectacular .
 Awful.Truly awful.Completely , totally , and utterly awful.Awful beyond any shade of terrible.Maybe I 'm being too nice about it?I wish I could not only have my money back , but be able to sit down and politely request that the producers , performers , label , and anyone else involved in this could possibly recall each and every copy of it and then bury it deep beneath the Earth ... Wait , someday a future archelogist would find it and wonder if we were all stupid . Although , looking at the average 4.5 star review , does n't make me wonder if they 're right.See , the Gorillaz , it was this clever idea . A synthetic rock band . No rock egos . No banner names . Just good music and a clever front , right ? Right ! Invented a neat little history , and interesting biographies for the members and built up an entire world around it , with what amounted to very good ensemble music at its core , and some really cool promos to go with them that play off the whole thing.But , then this atrocity comes along . The cuteness is gone . The rock music is gone , replaced by computer farts . The backstory is gone , in the name releasing singles . The ensemble is broken , replaced by incessant Alburn-whining and the aforementioned beeping nonsense.I listened to this album once . It was hard , but I made myself do it . I have n't touched it once , since . I still enjoy the previous two Gorillaz albums -LRB- the debut and Spacemonkeyz -RRB- , either one of which would be a FAR SUPERIOR purchase than this .
 It takes a lot for me to write an album review as I 'm usually not overly swayed either way . But in the case of Demon Days I feel compelled to let everyone know what a galactic piece of dog turd this record is . . I ca n't understand why this album is so wildly popular . Truthfully the only good track is Feelgood Inc. . The rest of it is a montage of random loops spliced together creating something unmusical and utterly annoying .
 Before I bought this CD I was afraid that it was going to suck . I really wanted to listen to the song `` Feel Good Inc. '' , and I did n't want to steal it off the internet so I bought the CD . Boy did I make a mistake . This CD is terrible . Basically all the songs consist of a few words , and they are somewhat annoying . The only thing that saves a few of the songs are the sweet beats.If you do n't want to steal the song just download Feel Good Inc. with Itunes .
 The 1st album was great due to Dan the Automator 's quirky beat making skills , which matched the Gorillaz style . Now there is a different producer doing the production , and the group no longer has the cartoony feel , which made it famous . I think the songs are dreadfully boring and lame . The 1st cd showed that you could be different musically and make it interesting . This album fails miserably in that regard .
 This is an extremely boring and monotone album . There is no life in this music .
 This CD is hard to listen to . The second I bought it I put it in the CD player and fast forwarded to the one song I knew . The rest sucked . They were painful to listen to and nothing like their songs on the radio . Do n't buy this if you just like their singles , as the entire album is crap . I 'm guessing you 'd have to be a huge Gorillaz fan to buy this ... even then I would think twice ... blah ! Freecycle here it comes ...
 The previous Gorillaz-album derived its sound for at least 80 % from The Automator 's deep & heavy beats , which gave most of the tracks a dark twist , contrasting well with the cartoonish image of the band . Now ... it 's just pop , with very generic beats , at that.So , it looks like this is a typical 2nd album after all . Hopefully the successor will be better . . perhaps they can sway The Automator to come back ?
 If you enjoy listening to music on your iPod or Windows XP based computer then this is not the album for you . Virgin Records America appears to have decided to copy protect the release of Gorillaz ` Demon Days ' . The disc will not play when inserted into a Windows XP based computer -LRB- i.e. when browsing to the disc from your My Computer icon the disc appears to be blank -RRB- . This album is ideal for your car , home audio cd player , or portable cd player if your playback device is compatible with the copy protection contained within this release.One should also note that there is no notice of copy protection nor compatibility requirements anywhere on the packaging of the Gorillaz ` Demon Days ' album.If you have purchased this CD and wish to contact Virgin Records then do not bother attempting to e-mail their web master from the Virgin Records web site
 Feel good inc and dare are great . maybe some of the others will grow on me .
 it is alright . i like only one main song . the others are not what type of music that i am really into .
 I was really looking forward to getting this CD . I am an avid listener of Dan the Automator Nakamura , Del the Funkee Homosapien -LRB- Russel -RRB- , Damon Albarn -LRB- 2-D -RRB- from Blur , and Miho Hatori -LRB- Noodle -RRB- from Cibo Matto . And who does n't dig the artwork of Jamie Hewlett -LRB- Murdoc -RRB- ? The original concept was a dream come true for me , having all these different artists that I had previously loved come together and create something beautiful.Imagine my supprise when I first listened to this CD . something was wrong , no flair , no creativity , really bad -LRB- read brain dead -RRB- rap , it was FLAT ... er 2D . It almost seemed that my hero Dan was not in there , and Dell was most definitly not there . But as I comb the cd insert for an explaination , it struck me , COMMERCIALISM HAS HAD IT 'S WAY WITH ME AGAIN !!! this is not a collaborative effort of worthy artists , it is a solo project for Damon with a large supporting staff . Damon is excellent and I have followed him and Blur for some 15 years now , but he was not Gorillaz . Dan was Gorillaz IMO , and Danger Mouse is not up for the job . this is not his project , he was brought in to fill a void so that more money could be made by riding on the coatails of the previous album . the is a big difference between spawning a brain child and substituting for genius.It is just dissapointing when something good is not left alone to die an honorable death . To churn out this album is little more than marketing , in the spirit of so many bad sequel movies . People recognize the franchise so the will give up their money regarless of how bad it is . At least this , no there is no at least , it just stinks .
 I 've read all the great reviews of this album and I 'm willing to admit it 's just me , but I HATE it , really , truly . My 8 year old daughter and I listened to it at least 5-6 times to give it a chance -LRB- like when we first tried Coldplay , we did n't love it , but then it grew on us -RRB- , but to the unitiated fan of classic rock , it sounds like a bunch of cheap synthesizers and really weird stuff . I did n't find it offensive , just bad . Maybe I 've hit that point where I 'm too old -- it sounds too techno , too much like `` I wish we were Pink Floyd but we 're not . '' And I like Hip Hop , I like some current rock -LRB- I love the White Stripes -RRB- , but I am incapable of hearing what is great about this CD although Lord knows I tried .
 There latest CD dissapointed me in every which way . The hollow melodies and really bland rap songs just do n't do it for me , the earlier release was better with some substance , which this CD is more like water with oil in it . I think 2 of the songs are somewhat better , but this album really let me down .
 I bought this hoping for some good stuff from Satoshi as usual but now it 's just a dust collector . This is one of those albums that will leave you scratching your head !! This is certainly not the Satoshi that we all have come to know and like !! And that is likewise for the label as well . As for the first disk I was like `` What the ... '' The second disk is a continuation of `` What the Hell ... '' and the third disk said it all `` WHAT THE HELL IS THIS CRAP !!!!!! '' Do not buy unless you really , really , really like retro disco with a whole bunch of cheese mixed in !!! At least that is what this set reminded me of . I 'm really starting to loose faith in electronic music because of crap like this . No wonder why I buy the older choons from ebay when I find-em . Remember folks ... Just Say No To Oakie !!!
 CD 1 is ok but not great.CD 2 is awsome but it is a greatest hits so if you have other cds by Satoshi you know all the songs.CD 3 WTF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The songs are all about Jesse doing IT with his girlfriend . god what a stupid allbum . Jesse you ca n't sing anyway , so why anybody would slep with you anyway is beyond me ... AARON CARTER RIPOFF !
 I am a Jesse fan but this cd of his lacks great songs and is my least favorite of his albums .
 On Right Where You Want Me , teen pop star Jesse McCartney attempts to extend his fifteen minutes with a stab at rock maturity . Basically , this involves nicking Maroon 5 's style and running with it . Unfortunately , the album 's sound is dated and has been for some time.The title track -LRB- and first single -RRB- will probably be a deserved semi-hit . It 's the most immediate thing on the album and fits McCartney 's thin , nasal voice . In fact , much of the album is full of retreads of the first song , though all are inferior . Worst of all are Right Back In The Water and Tell Her , or as I like to call them , Droopy Ballad # 1 and Droopy Ballad # 2 . Neither of these songs have the bombast or vulnerability that superior teenage ballads exhibit . Better is Invincible , which tells the story of a fatal drinking-and-driving accident . Lyrically it 's obvious , but at least McCartney seems to feel it . Less successful are Ca n't Let You Go and We Can Go Anywhere , a pair of atrociously detached rockers.Jesse McCartney is better suited to Radio Disney fair . After all , Beautiful Soul and Because You Live -LRB- both off his major label debut -RRB- were legit , catchy pop hits . While they were undeniably bubblegum , they were also fun and urgent . Right Where You Want Me is neither . Instead it 's a long , arduous collection of factory-pressed wannabe-rock that feels hollow and forgettable.Key Tracks
 Hi , I am french so excuse my bad english.I listen to rap music for 10 years now , and had my band for 5 years
 The singing was very affected , a bit screechy and not melodic . I have heard better renditions . I will not be purchasing any more songs from this group .
 I like Jay Z and R. Kelly ... and big fans of the both but do not get this if you are a fan of Jay or R 's music , because this is nothing like either prior solo albums this is garbage 10 tracks of garbage and anyway -LRB- Best of both worlds ? -RRB- maybe 4 mainstream but not to me the best of both worlds ! Unfinished business , -LRB- this is business ? -RRB- That 's why they have beef now because it did n't sound right to either 1 , this is the type of garbage that you would put in the refrigerator by mistake because you may have thought it was a stick of butter or maybe some can milk , or u may put it in some boiling water because you think it was some spaghetti noodles and forgot it was actually a Jay-Z R.Kelly cd , to put this in English DONT BUY !
 this album was nothing more than publicity for the best of both worlds tour . a majority of these songs were not recorded for this album , they were recorded for the best of both worlds and didnt make the final cut , so with the tour upcoming why not throw together an album that will not only make the artists some money but promote the tour as well , all the while not even requiring either one of them to ever step into a studio . even the artwork is old , they used pictures from the best of both worlds . the pictures of r and jay together are the same pictures rocafella.com used to promote the first best of both worlds . and if you listen to it they never say `` unfinished business '' even once , they constantly say BOBW . i also find it strange that jay didnt say nothing about being retired , the black album , etc. the only thing anybody says on here to give us a time frame is foxy brown . she made it clear that her verse was new -LRB- `` 9 year vet `` obviously not done at the same time as BOBW -RRB- and she established that in one verse , so your telling me that something about a current event would n't come out of kelly or jiggas mouth in 11 tracks ? all i 'm saying that regardless of how good the songs are -LRB- which they arent good thats why they didnt make the first album -RRB- nobody should buy this cd , its a scam , this isnt a new album its a BOBW reject song compilation and theres only 11 tracks AND on more than half the songs jay barely spits a 16 .
 I never got the item . Its the only album im missing . The order had 13cds . And for some reason i was sent some retarded movies . But who cares i jst want the album it completes the r.kelly jay z thing for me.From your biggest supporter.John W. Swain III - US ARMY Infantry
 Best of Both Worlds was a lot better , unfinished business is business that should be the best of trash . Jay Z has done a lot of better work and so has Kelly , no wonder the tour did n't do good the Cd ai n't good !!!!!!
 Unfinished Business is exactly what the title states - Unfinished . I ca n't tell you how disappointed i was when i put this cd in and heard some of the same guitar lines and riffs and beats ... my jaw dropped , and i double checked the Disc and my reciept to ensure that i did in fact get the right CD . A majority of the tracks on the album are remakes or updates of tracks from the original Best of Both Worlds disc , and of the few original songs on here , not many really catch my attention . Best of Both Worlds was a great cd , but Unfinished Business is nothing much more than a re-release of the best tracks from Best of Both Worlds with a couple of bonus tracks , one of which is a remix of one of the new songs . If you liked best of both worlds you 'll like this , since thats basically what it is , the new songs are alright , nothing spectacular though . Not nearly what i expected .
 They call this a follow up ??? if you like best of both worlds -LRB- the first album -RRB- then leave it in your cd player and do n't waste your money on this so called follow up , it 's weak , the ryhmes are cheesy to say the least ! except for may 1 or two songs this album is a huge let down , i can not get past the fact they spent almost two years putting this album together to come up with 10 songs and a remix which makes 11 , i still believe jay-z and r. kelly are a great team but thier skills together are not shining on this album , it 's almost if they had hoped to cash in on the hype off the album alone , save your money
 It really is . This was a huge disappointment after BOBW , which was a classic collaboration for me . I guess the business is truly finished now . WHat a waste of collaborative talent
 I ca n't stand Jay Z , and his Generic Rapping kinda put me to sleep . R.kelly flows way Better than Jay Z.anyway this Album was very half-hearted though I dug `` Feeling you in stereo & Break up to Make Up .
 Since TP2.Com i 've been wondering why r.kelly does n't stop . He has the money his producing people well you know stop . There is nothing suprising about this album the same gituar and loop samples of r.kelly are back . actually the track pretty girls sounds exactly like is last collaboration with fat joe `` who that '' . The same drums and tambourine keeps repeating in tracks like return and big chips . Of course jay z always does it 's job but not even his lyrical metaphores and rhymes could save this record . R.Kelly is not a representation of what good r & b is anymore since TP2.com . The rest is just commercial -LRB- which some people might like -RRB-
 first of all R.kelly is the Greatest Artist that I have Ever Heard period.I mean there is nothing He ca n't do Musically.He is the Genius of our times period . as for Jay Z
 When Jigga and R Kelly dropped Best of Both Worlds two years back , it blew away every other summer release . It was a match made in soundsystem heaven . This time around with Unfinished Business , I ca n't say that I 'm as impressed.My first problem with this album is that , given all the attention the media has paid to these two artists over the last year , this is overkill . Jigga dropped The Black Album at the end of last year and `` 99 Problems '' is still playing in the back of my head . R Kelly has dropped two albums -LRB- Chocolate Factory , Happy People/U Saved Me -RRB- and a greatest hits album in the last year . Need I say more?While 2002 saw Trackmasters put together stellar beats and Jigga and R get it cooking like Martha Stewart , Unfinished Business is just 10 tracks -LRB- and a remix -RRB- of BOBW rejects . Trackmasters , for starters , does n't bring anything fresh to my earphones . We 're getting pretty tired of the spanish guitars guys . Tracks like `` She 's Coming Home With Me '' and `` Pretty Girls '' are just recycled beats from previous tracks like `` Fiesta '' and `` Somebody 's Girl '' . To be fair everything starts well with the album 's two strongest tracks , `` Return '' and `` Big Chips '' . The production is tight , R sings a hook worthy of Nate Dogg and Jigga spits fire . Other than that though Hova 's rhymes are uninspired and R 's hooks are redundant . Even the resident slow song , `` Feeling You In Stereo '' , is weak -LRB- which is a huge dissapointment given that `` Naked '' on BOBW is hot to death -RRB- . On the whole this album is just a poor man 's Best of Both Worlds . This is an uninspired album with recycled beats and rhymes . This album might have done better had dropped it next summer , but right now it 's just irrelevant . I can say with complete confidence that normally a collaboration between Jay Z and R Kelly ultimately is an invitation to the best of both worlds but Unfinished Business is just proof that even the best of the best ca n't always bring it .
 I am a Jay-z and R. Kelly fan . I believe they make great solo albums , but when they work together it takes away from both of their talents . Have you ever notice some people just mix well with other artist . I think if Kelly was to do an album with someone it should have been JaRule . JaRule sounds great on everybody else albums except his own . I have given the cd 2 stars . One full full star for ` Feelin You in Stero ' and 1/2 star each for ` Return ' and ` We Got Em Goin ' . I say dont waste your money .
 When two artist do a collaboration together , its only good for one song . The duet style and rhythm can only stretch so far . I dont see the point of releasing this album at all . The chemistry between the two very good solo artist R Kelly and Jay Z is good when they first collborated but for two CDs is just stupid.All the songs sounds exactly the same . All the songs has alright beats but they are kinda sound the same . Jay'Z raps bout girls and money and power for almost the whole album and R Kelly singing and trying to rap is just annoying . The Return and The Return Remix is exactly the same . The Jay Z verse is exactly identical the only difference is the remix has Slick Rick & Doug E. Fresh who both sucks.There is the one song which is just dumb . Break Up talks about when u have a problem with your girlfriend , you solve the problem by having sex ... wtf ... dunno bout you , but when i have a problem with my gf i solve the problem by talking not having sex ... I wish having sex solves problems but it doesnt ... stupid song ... One interesting fact is that these songs sound good the first time u hear it but by the fifth time u pump up this CD in your stereo , you will wan na skip every song after hearing it for 1 minutes.The only reason why I think people goes to the Best of Both World is to see R Kelly and Jay Z perform their solo hits . One reason why these R Kelly and Jay Z song is successful is because they are party tracks that sound good for the first few time before everyone gets tired of it.Three GOOD songs from the album ... -LRB- the reason why i dont give it a 1 star -RRB- Big ChipsPretty GirlsMo Money
 Jay-Z is the king of the rap game . R Kelly is the undisputed king of RnB . So this should be a solid release , right ? Wrong . As if the - Best of Both Worlds - was n't bad enough , Jigga & The Pied Piper return with Unfinished Business . Now we all know that these two men are money hungry individuals , coming out with albums on the year , but usually they are so well at hiding it . This is just a blatant attempt to rob record buyers of their money . Point blank the record is absolutely terrible . I 'm embarrased for them . `` Big Chips '' & `` The Return '' are the albums double A-sided singles , and yet they sound like basement recordings , promo cuts that should have appeared on Kayslay 's next mixtape to build anticipation of the album . I could n't believe when I bought this that those two songs were on the album . Nothing on this album is good at all , with the exception of `` Do n't Let Me Die '' . All the other tracks are pitiful , especially `` Stop '' with Foxy Brown . Foxy comes out kicking this deep voice , even deeper than her debut , and she is completely biting Jay-Z 's flow . Its very disappointing that we have n't heard anything from her since 2001 's Broken Silence and then the first time we do it sounds like that.I did n't think the Black Album was all that great , nor was I really jammin ' along to anything on Happy People / U Saved Me other than the singles . Maybe the kings have lost their golden touch . Jay-Z seems to have realized it now that he is retiring from the game , but R when are you gon na wake up ?
 Are you kidding me ? This is such a stupid attempt to make a quick dollar its dispicable . `` The Return '' & `` Big Chips '' have been playing on the radio for a minute , and with such low quality and horrible production I thought they were going to show up on some mixtapes or something , but then the album drops and they are on it ? Guys with two men of your stature and power in this industry that was a horrible move . At least fork out the cash and do something genuine with it . And what is the deal with `` Stop '' ? Is that Foxy Brown or Shyne ? Why is she trying to spit in this extremely low voice ? I was not feeling that at all . With only 11 songs and only one of them being really good -LRB- `` Do n't Let me Die '' -RRB- this is an extreme disappoint ; possibly even worse then their original release Best of Both Worlds . Maybe these guys are n't as good together as they seem to think .
 What happened to the lenticular cover this was supposed to have ? This is ok , but you can tell it 's all leftover material . It 's missing the humor that was in the first one , but for those who like rap and r & B this is worth listening to .
 What happended here ? All of these rap songs are elementary . How much time did it take to make this album ? A couple of days ? It 's horrible . However , Big Chips is a great dance tune , but other then that , it 's s *** ! Get real , this is truly business that should have been stayed unfinished.P.S . Jay-Z is making more albums ! This one , and the one with Linkin Park . I think the retirement thing was a lie .
 This CD is not worth buying . Rappers are getting away with making CD 's that dont mean anything for a long time . It feels like the Rhymes were never drafted.These is typical of Jay-Z . This CD is the type of CD that you will listen to for a week , maybe a month and let someone barrow it and never ask for it again.These guys have no care for who buys there cds as long as they make a dollar , they dont care what they say or do . The CD was rushed with no thought put into it .
 What can I say ? Jay-Z came weak and R. Kelly is weak ... No more of these types of albums need to happen ... I mean the beef between them 2 and the tour and now this album its a waste of time and money ... go ahead and get ya bootleg copy cause it aint worth more than ya 5 bucks ... holla
 Yo everything on this album sounds EXACTLY like what these 2 clowns were putting out 2 years ago with '' Best of both Worlds '' . It 's like they had some tracks left over , and decided to try and pass it off as new sh*t . For one ... Hov said he was n't fu * ckin ' with R.Kelly , yet as soon as the slight chance to make money was brought into play , they 're all of a sudden the best of pals touring together and sh*t . WHACK !! I did n't buy this crap , and I did n't waste my money on the concert . This album is TRASH ! Then ... BIG SURPRISE ... There 's contraversy between the two super stars . NO SH*T !!! Now Kelly is trying to get 75 million dollars claiming someone pulled a knife on him . LAME !!! Bottom line ... this album is garbage IMO . Peace ...
 Once again , like Bush winning another term , this disappointed the hell out of me . Also like Bush winning again , this is no better than the first time around . I know , I know , this was recorded at the same time as the first but they coulda at least put some new verses or something kowing the last was wack . This is a insult to my listening pleasures ! 2 songs that are salvagable are `` Do n't Let Me Die '' and the `` Get This Money Remix '' with Twista . This is bad music that carries bad Karma . You see what happened with the tour . Jay and R. if you 're reading this -LRB- or any of your people -RRB- do not do this again if it 's gon na sound like this !
 You would think that two musical icons coming together for an album would be able to get their shhh together and release a good album , especially since they have done numerous collaborations and have already released an album together , but sadly this does n't happen . They just seem to lack the chemistry when trying to hold an album together so instead of sounding like a formidable duo it 's more of a R. Kelly featuring Jay-Z album . Meaning it 's usually R. Kelly singing verses , hooks , and bridges and then Jigga drops a verse here and there . Even the beats are more on the R&B side . And R. Kelly does n't really sing on this album he sorta does his little sing rap thang ... not that it 's bad it just gets tiring . Also the album is one dimensional ... every song about money or women . But do n't get it confused , they 'll have a couple songs where they mesh perfectly such as The Return , Feelin You In Stereo , Pretty Girls , and Big Chips . But that does not warrant the price of the cd . Good songs but not must hears . The rest of the album is pretty much uninspired even though Jigga is his usual self , the songs are almost unlistenable . Twista saves the day on a throwaway track and after his verse there 's nothing stopping you from fastforwarding . Overall it 's decent but better on the bootleg tip rather than the spend money on it tip . 2.5 stars . Realize .
 Disappointed . Cheated . Angry . Thats how I felt when I finally heard Jay-Z and R. Kelly 's second `` Best of Both Worlds '' CD . Jay 's rhymes was the worst I 've heard him do in a LONG time , R. Kelly basically outsung the whole CD . It was sad , on top of that , it was just wayyy to commercial . It seemed like they put zero to little effort into it , and Jay even admitted that . I went to the Madison Square concert the night R. Kelly walked off stage , and it was one of the best concerts I 've been to ever . I felt like I witnessed history , only because it showed how one performer -LRB- R. Kelly -RRB- really proved that he was at the bottom of his game , while the other -LRB- Jay-Z -RRB- pulled out his aces and performed a hit show , thanks to Mary J , Ja , and Busta ! The CD is horrible though , get the Black Album instead , or wait and get Nas ' `` Streets Disciple '' .
 Yo son ! this is tha worst album of tha year ! do n't buy this piece of sh #t
 This album is n't really effective in many ways . You can tell from the opening track `` THE RETURN '' that it is going to be a cheesy album . Most of the arrangement lack something that is character of Jay-Z arrangements as well as R-Kelly arrangements . The one arrangement that sounds R.Kellyish is `` FEELING YOU IN STEREO '' , and it is rather boring and prolonged compared to traditional R.Kelly . On that specific track Jay-Z just is n't necessary . `` BIG CHIPS '' and `` PRETTY GIRLS '' are the two best tracks , and `` BIG CHIPS '' lacks within its arrangements . This album just seems rushed and mediocre all over . 2.5 stars . Average .
 This cd scared me when I walked by it in the record store
 This album is n't even Jay-Z 's final release -LRB- even tho the black album was supposed to be !! -RRB- he has signed to Deathrow to do another album as Shawn Carter ... hopefully Dre can give him a good album
 if you buy this garbage you should be fined and forced to 1000 hours of community service . i would n't even call this music . it 's two guys talking about their money and hoes over a beat . not singing not rapping . talking . where is bill o'reilly when you need him ?
 If you have a Dell computer , you may have trouble playing , or downloading this set . Many Warner Brothers labels -LRB- Teldec , Erato , Warner Bros. . Classics -RRB- have anti-piracy software that makes them incompatible with the disc drives that many Dell computers have . The music 's great , if you can hear it through the background distortion .
 I believe the London Baroque has made quite a few rather exquisite recordings , but not this one . I bought it and found it just dull .
 I would n't say that this is a bad album . However , it is NOTHING like SELAH music . I LOVE the Selah CD 's , but this is more rock/contemporary Christian music ... and I 'm not a fan of ANYTHING in that genre . I was hoping for typical Selah fare ... and this ai n't it ! -LRB- For those of you who have never been to one of Selah 's concerts , it is a GREAT concert ! -RRB-
 No talent . Anybody can publish a CD of their own junk . Sounds like a group of young `` intellectuals '' who discover computer-generated `` music . '' Save your $ $ $ !
 This new release of Wagner 's early success is sorely let down by some of the singers . Jane Eaglen is extremely disappointing as Senta . She sings with little or no imagination -LRB- fatal for the role of Senta -RRB- . She is often unsteady and tentative in her high register while her lowest notes lack resonance . Struckmann is a smooth-sounding but too weakly characterised Dutchman . Holl lacks to strength of tone of Daland and Seiffert is just a mediocre Erik.Barenboim and the orchestra , on the other hand , give a masterful performance . Indeed , I have nothing to complain about the orchestral playing as well as the interpretation , which are extremely fine . But it 's so unfortunate that the recording company has failed to find more suitable singers to match such a fine achievement.A great pity indeed .
 Recently , I had a chance to hear Barenboim 's `` Fliegende Hollander '' . I was utterly disappointed . The orchestra & choir were good and the conducting was spot on , but the vocal cast is devastatingly flawed . Jane Eaglen sounds too heavy as Senta , and Felicity Palmer did n't sound too great as Mary , Senta 's nurse . Falk Struckmann as the Dutchman tries very hard , but fails when he 's supposed to be lyrical during his arias . I was , however , impressed by the singings of Holl and Sieffert.In conclusion , I think you should avoid this rendition of Wagner 's first successful opera . And avoid James Levine 's rendition , too . Go for the Sinopoli , Solti , or Klemperer recordings .
 After hearing Barenboim 's marvelous recording of Tannhauser , I decided to get this Flying Dutchman . It is a great disappointment . I am no expert on opera and am not able to write with sufficient clarity on all the deficiencies , but one thing really stood out
 I 'm not usually so harsh about singers but Jane Eaglen ruins this recording , as she did Barenboim 's Tannh&auml;user . But unlike the Tannh&auml;user set the ruination of this Holl&auml;nder set is helped along by most of the rest of this woefully miscast cast.Barenboim 's conducting is well below par as well ; lifeless and turgid , almost as horrible as James Levine was for his Sony set , which has a much better cast , by the way.Falk Struckmann is an excellent Dutchman though he 's not in best voice here , a bit wobbly but nothing terribly annoying . I expect he was infected by the deflating atmosphere of the entire project . The best singing is from Felicity Palmer , as MARY , the tiny subsidiary role of Senta 's nurse -LRB- who one assumes is an orphan -RRB- . It 's a very dark day when the best singing in a very expensive recording of Holl&auml;nder comes from the Mary.Jane Eaglen 's matronly , dull and covered-sounding singing is partnered by the woolly and dull Robert Holl as her daddy , Daland . The ` dulth ' is over-spiced with two very Latinate tenors who sound like they 've drifted ashore from a shipwreck in the Mediterranean . There was absolutely no reason at all to call in Pl&aacute;cido Domingo to sing Erik , aside from the fact that this set was clearly cast as an all-star extravaganza , gone terribly wrong as it turns out . Domingo sounds like he 's singing in a Spanish tavern deep in the bowels of Sevilia . The role of Daland 's boy , the steersman , features the recording debut of the ill-fated Rolando Villazon . Again , why ? He 's completely out of place in the North Sea and sounds ridiculous.Peter Seiffert could easily have been called in for Erik and there are plenty of excellent light tenors around Germany for the smaller role of the Steersman . And why did n't Barenboim use his influence to put the nix on Eaglen and hire the wonderful Anne Schwanewilms who sang the role in the production at the Berlin State Opera at the time of these recording sessions?And surely Matti Salminen could have been hired for Daland , anyone other than the decrepit Holl.All in all a hugely disappointing set that I was very much looking forward to . Big names alone are never the answer to achieving fine artistic quality . This set is a real floater that should be avoided at all costs .
 The music is great and this CD would get a 4 or 5 except that it has utilized some kind of bizarre copy protection scheme that prevents it from playing in all players . There is a warning on the label to that effect and indeed it only plays in my PC and DVD player . Ironically , I understand that most any disc copy program will defeat the copy protection but what a pain in the neck ! Had I known , I would n't have bought it .
 Played without enthusiasm . No contrast between fast and slow . Feels half-speed throughout . Continuo and harpsichord appear to be out of sync with flute in a number of places . Lacking the spirit of the French Baroque . Recording is muddled . Does a disservice to Couperin and his era .
 I have to agree wholeheartedly with Nancy Moran 's review
 What happended here ? All of these rap songs are elementary . How much time did it take to make this album ? A couple of days ? It 's horrible . However , Big Chips is a great dance tune , but other then that , it 's s *** ! Get real , this is truly business that should have been stayed unfinished.P.S . Jay-Z is making more albums ! This one , and the one with Linkin Park . I think the retirement thing was a lie .
 This CD is not worth buying . Rappers are getting away with making CD 's that dont mean anything for a long time . It feels like the Rhymes were never drafted.These is typical of Jay-Z . This CD is the type of CD that you will listen to for a week , maybe a month and let someone barrow it and never ask for it again.These guys have no care for who buys there cds as long as they make a dollar , they dont care what they say or do . The CD was rushed with no thought put into it .
 What can I say ? Jay-Z came weak and R. Kelly is weak ... No more of these types of albums need to happen ... I mean the beef between them 2 and the tour and now this album its a waste of time and money ... go ahead and get ya bootleg copy cause it aint worth more than ya 5 bucks ... holla
 Yo everything on this album sounds EXACTLY like what these 2 clowns were putting out 2 years ago with '' Best of both Worlds '' . It 's like they had some tracks left over , and decided to try and pass it off as new sh*t . For one ... Hov said he was n't fu * ckin ' with R.Kelly , yet as soon as the slight chance to make money was brought into play , they 're all of a sudden the best of pals touring together and sh*t . WHACK !! I did n't buy this crap , and I did n't waste my money on the concert . This album is TRASH ! Then ... BIG SURPRISE ... There 's contraversy between the two super stars . NO SH*T !!! Now Kelly is trying to get 75 million dollars claiming someone pulled a knife on him . LAME !!! Bottom line ... this album is garbage IMO . Peace ...
 Once again , like Bush winning another term , this disappointed the hell out of me . Also like Bush winning again , this is no better than the first time around . I know , I know , this was recorded at the same time as the first but they coulda at least put some new verses or something kowing the last was wack . This is a insult to my listening pleasures ! 2 songs that are salvagable are `` Do n't Let Me Die '' and the `` Get This Money Remix '' with Twista . This is bad music that carries bad Karma . You see what happened with the tour . Jay and R. if you 're reading this -LRB- or any of your people -RRB- do not do this again if it 's gon na sound like this !
 You would think that two musical icons coming together for an album would be able to get their shhh together and release a good album , especially since they have done numerous collaborations and have already released an album together , but sadly this does n't happen . They just seem to lack the chemistry when trying to hold an album together so instead of sounding like a formidable duo it 's more of a R. Kelly featuring Jay-Z album . Meaning it 's usually R. Kelly singing verses , hooks , and bridges and then Jigga drops a verse here and there . Even the beats are more on the R&B side . And R. Kelly does n't really sing on this album he sorta does his little sing rap thang ... not that it 's bad it just gets tiring . Also the album is one dimensional ... every song about money or women . But do n't get it confused , they 'll have a couple songs where they mesh perfectly such as The Return , Feelin You In Stereo , Pretty Girls , and Big Chips . But that does not warrant the price of the cd . Good songs but not must hears . The rest of the album is pretty much uninspired even though Jigga is his usual self , the songs are almost unlistenable . Twista saves the day on a throwaway track and after his verse there 's nothing stopping you from fastforwarding . Overall it 's decent but better on the bootleg tip rather than the spend money on it tip . 2.5 stars . Realize .
 Disappointed . Cheated . Angry . Thats how I felt when I finally heard Jay-Z and R. Kelly 's second `` Best of Both Worlds '' CD . Jay 's rhymes was the worst I 've heard him do in a LONG time , R. Kelly basically outsung the whole CD . It was sad , on top of that , it was just wayyy to commercial . It seemed like they put zero to little effort into it , and Jay even admitted that . I went to the Madison Square concert the night R. Kelly walked off stage , and it was one of the best concerts I 've been to ever . I felt like I witnessed history , only because it showed how one performer -LRB- R. Kelly -RRB- really proved that he was at the bottom of his game , while the other -LRB- Jay-Z -RRB- pulled out his aces and performed a hit show , thanks to Mary J , Ja , and Busta ! The CD is horrible though , get the Black Album instead , or wait and get Nas ' `` Streets Disciple '' .
 Yo son ! this is tha worst album of tha year ! do n't buy this piece of sh #t
 This album is n't really effective in many ways . You can tell from the opening track `` THE RETURN '' that it is going to be a cheesy album . Most of the arrangement lack something that is character of Jay-Z arrangements as well as R-Kelly arrangements . The one arrangement that sounds R.Kellyish is `` FEELING YOU IN STEREO '' , and it is rather boring and prolonged compared to traditional R.Kelly . On that specific track Jay-Z just is n't necessary . `` BIG CHIPS '' and `` PRETTY GIRLS '' are the two best tracks , and `` BIG CHIPS '' lacks within its arrangements . This album just seems rushed and mediocre all over . 2.5 stars . Average .
 This cd scared me when I walked by it in the record store
 This album is n't even Jay-Z 's final release -LRB- even tho the black album was supposed to be !! -RRB- he has signed to Deathrow to do another album as Shawn Carter ... hopefully Dre can give him a good album
 if you buy this garbage you should be fined and forced to 1000 hours of community service . i would n't even call this music . it 's two guys talking about their money and hoes over a beat . not singing not rapping . talking . where is bill o'reilly when you need him ?
 When two artist do a collaboration together , its only good for one song . The duet style and rhythm can only stretch so far . I dont see the point of releasing this album at all . The chemistry between the two very good solo artist R Kelly and Jay Z is good when they first collborated but for two CDs is just stupid.All the songs sounds exactly the same . All the songs has alright beats but they are kinda sound the same . Jay'Z raps bout girls and money and power for almost the whole album and R Kelly singing and trying to rap is just annoying . The Return and The Return Remix is exactly the same . The Jay Z verse is exactly identical the only difference is the remix has Slick Rick & Doug E. Fresh who both sucks.There is the one song which is just dumb . Break Up talks about when u have a problem with your girlfriend , you solve the problem by having sex ... wtf ... dunno bout you , but when i have a problem with my gf i solve the problem by talking not having sex ... I wish having sex solves problems but it doesnt ... stupid song ... One interesting fact is that these songs sound good the first time u hear it but by the fifth time u pump up this CD in your stereo , you will wan na skip every song after hearing it for 1 minutes.The only reason why I think people goes to the Best of Both World is to see R Kelly and Jay Z perform their solo hits . One reason why these R Kelly and Jay Z song is successful is because they are party tracks that sound good for the first few time before everyone gets tired of it.Three GOOD songs from the album ... -LRB- the reason why i dont give it a 1 star -RRB- Big ChipsPretty GirlsMo Money
 Jay-Z is the king of the rap game . R Kelly is the undisputed king of RnB . So this should be a solid release , right ? Wrong . As if the - Best of Both Worlds - was n't bad enough , Jigga & The Pied Piper return with Unfinished Business . Now we all know that these two men are money hungry individuals , coming out with albums on the year , but usually they are so well at hiding it . This is just a blatant attempt to rob record buyers of their money . Point blank the record is absolutely terrible . I 'm embarrased for them . `` Big Chips '' & `` The Return '' are the albums double A-sided singles , and yet they sound like basement recordings , promo cuts that should have appeared on Kayslay 's next mixtape to build anticipation of the album . I could n't believe when I bought this that those two songs were on the album . Nothing on this album is good at all , with the exception of `` Do n't Let Me Die '' . All the other tracks are pitiful , especially `` Stop '' with Foxy Brown . Foxy comes out kicking this deep voice , even deeper than her debut , and she is completely biting Jay-Z 's flow . Its very disappointing that we have n't heard anything from her since 2001 's Broken Silence and then the first time we do it sounds like that.I did n't think the Black Album was all that great , nor was I really jammin ' along to anything on Happy People / U Saved Me other than the singles . Maybe the kings have lost their golden touch . Jay-Z seems to have realized it now that he is retiring from the game , but R when are you gon na wake up ?
 Are you kidding me ? This is such a stupid attempt to make a quick dollar its dispicable . `` The Return '' & `` Big Chips '' have been playing on the radio for a minute , and with such low quality and horrible production I thought they were going to show up on some mixtapes or something , but then the album drops and they are on it ? Guys with two men of your stature and power in this industry that was a horrible move . At least fork out the cash and do something genuine with it . And what is the deal with `` Stop '' ? Is that Foxy Brown or Shyne ? Why is she trying to spit in this extremely low voice ? I was not feeling that at all . With only 11 songs and only one of them being really good -LRB- `` Do n't Let me Die '' -RRB- this is an extreme disappoint ; possibly even worse then their original release Best of Both Worlds . Maybe these guys are n't as good together as they seem to think .
 What happened to the lenticular cover this was supposed to have ? This is ok , but you can tell it 's all leftover material . It 's missing the humor that was in the first one , but for those who like rap and r & B this is worth listening to .
 Unfinished Business is exactly what the title states - Unfinished . I ca n't tell you how disappointed i was when i put this cd in and heard some of the same guitar lines and riffs and beats ... my jaw dropped , and i double checked the Disc and my reciept to ensure that i did in fact get the right CD . A majority of the tracks on the album are remakes or updates of tracks from the original Best of Both Worlds disc , and of the few original songs on here , not many really catch my attention . Best of Both Worlds was a great cd , but Unfinished Business is nothing much more than a re-release of the best tracks from Best of Both Worlds with a couple of bonus tracks , one of which is a remix of one of the new songs . If you liked best of both worlds you 'll like this , since thats basically what it is , the new songs are alright , nothing spectacular though . Not nearly what i expected .
 They call this a follow up ??? if you like best of both worlds -LRB- the first album -RRB- then leave it in your cd player and do n't waste your money on this so called follow up , it 's weak , the ryhmes are cheesy to say the least ! except for may 1 or two songs this album is a huge let down , i can not get past the fact they spent almost two years putting this album together to come up with 10 songs and a remix which makes 11 , i still believe jay-z and r. kelly are a great team but thier skills together are not shining on this album , it 's almost if they had hoped to cash in on the hype off the album alone , save your money
 It really is . This was a huge disappointment after BOBW , which was a classic collaboration for me . I guess the business is truly finished now . WHat a waste of collaborative talent
 I ca n't stand Jay Z , and his Generic Rapping kinda put me to sleep . R.kelly flows way Better than Jay Z.anyway this Album was very half-hearted though I dug `` Feeling you in stereo & Break up to Make Up .
 Since TP2.Com i 've been wondering why r.kelly does n't stop . He has the money his producing people well you know stop . There is nothing suprising about this album the same gituar and loop samples of r.kelly are back . actually the track pretty girls sounds exactly like is last collaboration with fat joe `` who that '' . The same drums and tambourine keeps repeating in tracks like return and big chips . Of course jay z always does it 's job but not even his lyrical metaphores and rhymes could save this record . R.Kelly is not a representation of what good r & b is anymore since TP2.com . The rest is just commercial -LRB- which some people might like -RRB-
 first of all R.kelly is the Greatest Artist that I have Ever Heard period.I mean there is nothing He ca n't do Musically.He is the Genius of our times period . as for Jay Z
 When Jigga and R Kelly dropped Best of Both Worlds two years back , it blew away every other summer release . It was a match made in soundsystem heaven . This time around with Unfinished Business , I ca n't say that I 'm as impressed.My first problem with this album is that , given all the attention the media has paid to these two artists over the last year , this is overkill . Jigga dropped The Black Album at the end of last year and `` 99 Problems '' is still playing in the back of my head . R Kelly has dropped two albums -LRB- Chocolate Factory , Happy People/U Saved Me -RRB- and a greatest hits album in the last year . Need I say more?While 2002 saw Trackmasters put together stellar beats and Jigga and R get it cooking like Martha Stewart , Unfinished Business is just 10 tracks -LRB- and a remix -RRB- of BOBW rejects . Trackmasters , for starters , does n't bring anything fresh to my earphones . We 're getting pretty tired of the spanish guitars guys . Tracks like `` She 's Coming Home With Me '' and `` Pretty Girls '' are just recycled beats from previous tracks like `` Fiesta '' and `` Somebody 's Girl '' . To be fair everything starts well with the album 's two strongest tracks , `` Return '' and `` Big Chips '' . The production is tight , R sings a hook worthy of Nate Dogg and Jigga spits fire . Other than that though Hova 's rhymes are uninspired and R 's hooks are redundant . Even the resident slow song , `` Feeling You In Stereo '' , is weak -LRB- which is a huge dissapointment given that `` Naked '' on BOBW is hot to death -RRB- . On the whole this album is just a poor man 's Best of Both Worlds . This is an uninspired album with recycled beats and rhymes . This album might have done better had dropped it next summer , but right now it 's just irrelevant . I can say with complete confidence that normally a collaboration between Jay Z and R Kelly ultimately is an invitation to the best of both worlds but Unfinished Business is just proof that even the best of the best ca n't always bring it .
 I am a Jay-z and R. Kelly fan . I believe they make great solo albums , but when they work together it takes away from both of their talents . Have you ever notice some people just mix well with other artist . I think if Kelly was to do an album with someone it should have been JaRule . JaRule sounds great on everybody else albums except his own . I have given the cd 2 stars . One full full star for ` Feelin You in Stero ' and 1/2 star each for ` Return ' and ` We Got Em Goin ' . I say dont waste your money .
 I like Jay Z and R. Kelly ... and big fans of the both but do not get this if you are a fan of Jay or R 's music , because this is nothing like either prior solo albums this is garbage 10 tracks of garbage and anyway -LRB- Best of both worlds ? -RRB- maybe 4 mainstream but not to me the best of both worlds ! Unfinished business , -LRB- this is business ? -RRB- That 's why they have beef now because it did n't sound right to either 1 , this is the type of garbage that you would put in the refrigerator by mistake because you may have thought it was a stick of butter or maybe some can milk , or u may put it in some boiling water because you think it was some spaghetti noodles and forgot it was actually a Jay-Z R.Kelly cd , to put this in English DONT BUY !
 this album was nothing more than publicity for the best of both worlds tour . a majority of these songs were not recorded for this album , they were recorded for the best of both worlds and didnt make the final cut , so with the tour upcoming why not throw together an album that will not only make the artists some money but promote the tour as well , all the while not even requiring either one of them to ever step into a studio . even the artwork is old , they used pictures from the best of both worlds . the pictures of r and jay together are the same pictures rocafella.com used to promote the first best of both worlds . and if you listen to it they never say `` unfinished business '' even once , they constantly say BOBW . i also find it strange that jay didnt say nothing about being retired , the black album , etc. the only thing anybody says on here to give us a time frame is foxy brown . she made it clear that her verse was new -LRB- `` 9 year vet `` obviously not done at the same time as BOBW -RRB- and she established that in one verse , so your telling me that something about a current event would n't come out of kelly or jiggas mouth in 11 tracks ? all i 'm saying that regardless of how good the songs are -LRB- which they arent good thats why they didnt make the first album -RRB- nobody should buy this cd , its a scam , this isnt a new album its a BOBW reject song compilation and theres only 11 tracks AND on more than half the songs jay barely spits a 16 .
 I never got the item . Its the only album im missing . The order had 13cds . And for some reason i was sent some retarded movies . But who cares i jst want the album it completes the r.kelly jay z thing for me.From your biggest supporter.John W. Swain III - US ARMY Infantry
 Best of Both Worlds was a lot better , unfinished business is business that should be the best of trash . Jay Z has done a lot of better work and so has Kelly , no wonder the tour did n't do good the Cd ai n't good !!!!!!
 I tried with this soprano , I really tried . I wanted so badly to love her , but the truth is this ; she is no better than any undergrad student anywhere . At times she sounds like an old lady in a church choir ! If she is such an accomplished artist why is she in such bad vocal shape . Do n't buy this , you will be mad at yourself !!
 It was a long time coming , and I was really looking forward to this after ` Spirit ' -LRB- which is really great , by the way -RRB- . But , sadly , it 's no ` Spirit ' . Lavelle has an amazing voice and is a phenomenal cellist , but perhaps playing the cello on other people 's works is something she should stick to , as she seems to do that best.Of course , that does n't mean I wo n't keep an ear out to see if the next effort improves . This one just seemed to be an attempt because it was what was expected after a successful first attempt . There 's no cohesion and nothing really stands out.If you 're just filling out your collection , it wo n't be the worst thing you could buy , but it 's not the best , either .
 I bought this CD based on the other reviews here and I am sorry I did ! I am a HUGE fan of Loreena McKennitt , I have all her CDs and was looking for something similar but new . Caroline Lavelle 's voice does n't begin to compare and the songs do n't soothe or inspire , they jar you with discordance or bum you out . The whole album is depressing and irritating . I listened a second time , to be fair , and disliked it even more . But then I am probably the only person who likes Celtic/New Age music but ca n't stand Enya either !
 I 'll keep this short . I love classical music , love Baroque , and have great admiration for Alessandrini and the Concerto Italiano . He has made some wonderful Vivaldi recordings available on both Naive and Brilliant Classics , as well as other small European labels . Those things are n't in question here.The Sound
 This album isnt as bad as most Flamenco albums I 've bought , but it 's not real good either . The solo guitar playing just doesnt sound professional ; sounds like a guitar student taking lessons , just strumming and banging , no tunes , no melody , just boring stuff . The female 's singing reminds me of a cat that was hit by a car , it was crying out in pain just before it died . For hard core fans only .
 Being a friend of this group since I can remember listening to music , you may safely assume I am not doubting the excellence or authority of Dream Theater here.BUT . . this video must be the worst production I 've witnessed since the early days of my DVD collection -LRB- back in 1999 -RRB- . The sound is so cluttered that feels like a monophonic recording . The High Frequencies are away on vacation and the Bass is completely messed up ... Let alone the horrific graphics popping up all the time making the picture at par with the rest production , SIMPLY UNBEARABLE !!!
 This DVD is very poorly made . I popped the thing in and was 100 % dissapointed . As a huge fan of Dream Theater and knowing that they work so hard for their music , they got extremely lazy on this release . Come on a concert DVD without the Dolby Digital 5.0 surround sound . This is a waste of a DVD and is not worth it . Do n't buy this DVD if you dont want to be dissapointed . It made me sad to see Dream Theater slacking of . . I want my money back .
 Standard disclaimer
 Although it 's great to finally have a Dream Theater DVD , this one falls down in several areas :1 . 4:3 aspect ratio - it should offer a widescreen -LRB- 16:9 -RRB- option 2 . Dolby 2.0 - it should offer a 5.1 option DD or DTS 3 . Too much ugly animation and video effects -LRB- the background graphics ar n't good !! -RRB- - I actually felt that the video effects distracted me from the concert . 4 . Building on point # 3 , there was far too much camera jumping - the video did n't spend more than a couple seconds ona single camera angle 5 . No multiple camera angles - I realize this is an expensive feature , but it would definately solve the problem of # 4 6 . Building on point # 5 , I would really appreciate a camera angle that showed the entire stage so I could really watch the whole concert 7 . What 's with the deleted scenes on the DVD ? Why did n't they reproduce the concert in it 's entirety?In summary , while I appreciate DT 's effort to produce a true `` Concept '' video , Scenes from New York does n't live up to my expectations . For a comparison , watch Queensryche 's Operation Livecrime - this is a great example of how a `` concept '' video should be produced .
 How can I possibly decribe the attrocity that was committed when Dream Theater decided to write this album and produce this DVD in less than 1000 words.Up until now I have been the worlds biggest Dream Theater fan . I used to love the atmosphere and complexity of the music . I never condidered Dream Theater to be profound artists , just good musicians . This album was an attempt to make themselves look artistic and imaginative.The album is pretty bad by itself but the DVD is absolute rubbish . You might as well buy it on video because the quality is terrible and only in stereo.Mike Portney can keep a beat but as a film director he should be shot ! I think he had a hard time telling the difference between a camera and a drumstick . Not to mention the laughably cheezy acting scenes spliced in with the rest of the concert.Do yourself a favour and do not by this DVD . Their last video was good so if you are considering this DVD buy their last one instead . Also do not but the album `` Six Degrees Of Inner Turbulence '' it 's more of the same -LSB- stuff -RSB- !
 I bought this with great expectations but was dissapointed . All myopic DT fans will avoid this review , but this DVD ... The sound should be in 5.1 , and loud ! The volume level is very , very low . I ca n't believe anyone listened to this before releasing it . Also the video has way to much `` cinematic '' scenes . Just give a DVD showing this great band playing LOUD , and in 5.1 !
 I will not say anything about the band 's performance , I 've seen them live and they are always great however this DVD has a terrible sound mixing and also the master 's volume is too low.Anyway , I think this DVD still a must have for DT fans.Maybe we could watch the DVD with no volume and use the Scenes from a Memory CD to compensate the sound .
 All right , all DT fans are talkin bout what a great show it was , and in this DVD there 's no question -- DT 's musical talents are unparalleled ! I 've always admired Portnoy 's drumming skills , not to mention his awesome drum kit setup . However , the audio here really sux . What a way to spoil what could potentially be the greatest DVD of all time ! As a serious hi-fi enthusiast , I have to admit that I may be more forgiving in minor flaws on the video side and hey , I was willing to whack down my acceptance standards on the audio side of this one -LRB- if only to have in my collection one of the best music concerts on earth -RRB- ! But I just ca n't live with the audio on this one -- it 's so thin and for a while I thought audio signal was only coming out in PCM stereo ! But even some PCM stereo-encoded DVDs sound better than this . It 's so disappointing !!! I 'm returning this DVD to amazon . To the manufacturers
 My rating of this DVD does not reflect my enthusiasm about this band , or the concert that is recorded here . Where Rush began to fade in the 90 's , Dream Theater picked up the torch of progressive rock , and moved on ! Dream Theater rocks folks ! There 's more talent in this band than I 've seen in a progressive rock band in a long time . That being said , I think this latest effort -LRB- Scenes From A Memory -RRB- is a little pretentious . Concept albums are difficult to get right . It requires the right mix of message and execution , and ` Scenes ' seems to missing something to me . With standards like Floyds ` The Wall ' , Genesis ' ` The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway ' , and Rush 's ' 2112 ' to compete with , it 's is a very tall order . OK , back to this DVD , which I am watching as I type this on my laptop . The quality of the video , and audio production is so far below DVD standards , it 's pathetic . Compare this with the Eagles ` Hell Freezes Over ' . My God ! The Eagles DVD envelopes you in sound with it 's DTS soundtrack , and it has equisite video coverage . No comparison . All that aside , it is great to watch these guys play ! And I am not upset that I bought the DVD -LRB- VHS is so gouch ! -RRB- Besides the DVD has more goodies . But I challenge Dream Theater to capture some truly great video and audio for another DVD . I want a DTS soundtrack dang it !
 The sound of this dvd is very low and noisy.i cant really enjoy it for that reason.the other aspects of the dvd are ok.tks a lot to all the amazon reviews for warning me of this flaw !!!
 Robyn has released two collections recently - Obliteration Pie , and This Is The BBC . You 'll want the This Is The BBC . Update
 I bought this CD back in 2001 when it was released on EMI/Virgin records . One song is different on this release . Other than the one song it is exactly the same disk . Are these guys not talented enough to write new music ?
 I bought this Cd only because so many reviewers here gave it 4 or 5 stars and i thought ` ok , i should give it a try ' . Already after listening to it for 15 minutes I knew that it would be going like this on and on and on . Wake up people , it 's probably a nice attempt to produce something worthy but it failed . Based on my own tastes in music -LRB- I listen to many different things but my favorite bands are Iron maiden , Black Sabbath , Dream Theater , Yes , Rush , Fear factory , etc. -RRB- I can predict that people who share the same musical interests will never like anything like this CD as it is just tooooo boring and flat -- nothing happens there musically . Think about bon jovi and this kind of stuff and you 'll understand what this slave to the system is like . So , my verdic is that the only cool thing about this band is its name , it was supposed to be a teaser I think . It is only worth 2 stars .
 I am a big fan of some of the more psy and goa trance , esp . Voyage into Trance , and some pieces mixed by Digweed etc. , so I was very excited about getting this . You do get 4 CDs for the money , which are all aesthetically great -- each one a different color with art work , but none of the tracks stand out at all . You can definitely keep it on as background music , but overall I was disappointed . I found no stand out tracks at all that were really fantastic or inspired . Nothing made me want to get up and dance or go running ... or anything . No real cool sounds of spaceships , sea gulls , alien announcements ala Planet Love , etc. that I can recall ! Probably better to keep searching through Oakenfold and Digweed CDs for the really amazing pieces .
 I love joan jett would have loved to have heard the tape . it played one song and that jumped then it would not play at all . was not worth the effort to re send back satisfaction , no it was junk
 Back in the 80s , I heard `` I Love Rock 'n' Roll '' by Joan Jett and got crazy for the song . This girl REALLY ROCKS ! The music on this album is good , very good Real ROCK !!! I like it as much as Pat Benatar 's , Crissie Hynde of The Pretenders , or even Debbie Harry from Blondie!But ... The bad news is that the reissued `` ENHANCED '' version of this CD , will not play pretty well on older CD players -LRB- home/car/portable -RRB- !!! Therefore , if you want to get the same sound quality without the playing problems , I suggest you try on getting an older European issue -LRB- Germany-Holland-France -RRB- of this excellent album ... Same good audio quality , no reproduction problems at all !!!
 I hope I do n't give anyone the wrong idea . Joan Jett 's 1981 breakthrough album `` I Love Rock 'n' Roll '' is a solid classic that showcases Joan Jett 's attitude and skill , and it really benefits from the Blackhearts -LRB- Ricky Byrd in particular -RRB- , though I prefer her earlier album , `` Bad Reputation . '' Regardless , this is one of numerous albums ruined by `` remastering '' to the point of being virtually unlistenable . I do hope this was n't an anomaly , because I 'm posting the review for the exact CD I own , and there do n't seem to be any other complaints.If any of your are confused as to how an album could be ruined by remastering , go watch any number of videos on `` The Loudness War '' that have been uploaded to YouTube . Since the mid-90s , noticeable increases in the volume of CDs have been prevalent to the point of clipping and distortion on songs . It actually hurts your ears to listen to some of these songs , no matter how good they may be.I first encountered this problem when I purchased the CD . I was quite excited to finally get my hands on a Joan Jett album , though once I saw the `` remastered '' tag at the bottom , I got worried . I hoped it would n't be too bad , but when I got home and listened to the title track , my ears were in terrible pain . I knew Joan Jett liked distorted guitars , but they sounded a lot more disorted than usual ; the whole thing did.The audio quality is terrible , but the package comes with some nice bonuses -LRB- live footage , bonus tracks , a small poster -RRB- . The songs are great , especially the first half of the album , with the title track , `` Love is Pain , '' the energetic and silly `` Nag , '' the sultry `` Crimson and Clover , '' and on the second half , the criminally underrated `` Victim of Circumstance , '' and `` You 're Too Possessive . `` I reccommend purchasing this album , but please -- purchase a CD from before 1995 -LRB- I saw some copies from 1993 on the site -RRB- , or do yourself one better and pick up the copy on Vinyl . Do your ears , and Joan Jett , a favor .
 Massive cuts make this CD unlistenable . It 's a commentary on the -LRB- lack of -RRB- musical knowledge of the audience that they applaud wildly at the end . It also documents what Mahler 's music had to put up with back then . This CD never should have been released .
 I 've seen Christine Lavin in concert a half dozen times , and think her first 6 or 8 CD 's are awesome.Since then though ... The songs on `` Happydance of the Xenophobe are rather jejune , '' I really ca n't think of one that I liked.Also a gradual `` Republican 's are evil '' bitterness is creeping onto her CD 's . Even if the songs were well written I 'm not sure if turning off half of her audience to amuse the other half is a wise move . And the songs are n't so good . I 'd like to say `` shut up and sing '' but I really ca n't even bring myself to say that.If you 've only just heard of her , go with : `` Future Fossils '' `` Attainable Love '' `` Compass '' `` The Bellevue Years `` Especially Fossils . A really great CD .
 The only remix that I like on here is track # 5 -LRB- Jason Nevin 's Mix -RRB- . This remix is amazing ... it 's hard , has a great beat for a club and is vulgar and funny -LRB- he reworks all of her vulgarities into humorous combinations -RRB- . HOWEVER , this track is obviously ripped from vinyl . There is a strong buzz in the background that is really obvious when the beat drops and there is hardly any sound except for this constant buzz in the background . Considering that this remix is really noisy and has a lot of loud sound effects it would have been nice to have a cleaner copy of it on the CD ; I mean , that 's why we buy CDs anyway .
 This is good music but it does not play on most of my CD Players -LRB- both on US players and German players -RRB- . My PC finally accepted the CD and I had the pleasure to listen to the songs which are nice . However , if Herbert Groenemeyer really thinks that it 's a good idea to implement a copy protection on his CDs in the first place , I recommend something which works ! I know that many people had to return the CD because of this problem . Very bad user experience for somebody who was stupid enough to pay for his music .
 Ok release but not to my liking for finding the beat , the dance , the message of his earlier offerings ... times had changed and he felt that he had to adapt .
 I love the Big Daddy kane , but this album aint all that ! Maybe because he sounds a bit different , maybe the beats aint as hard and funky as before.The illest rhyme is '' Do you really know '' conscious lyrics , the kind of stuff that made big daddy kane the boss of bosses.But hey , do n't take my word for it , maybe my expectations are too high .
 This CD might appeal to fans of minimalist music . But in my opinion , it 's not quite the `` crossover sensation '' described below , although it does blend a baroque-style ensemble with a rock combo . This might look to some of you like some kind of fake gadget . Well , I 'm afraid it is . If you love thrilling musical compositions , I 'd recommend you stay clear from this `` THING '' , which was a major disappointment to me.So why did I buy it in the first place ? Probably because I felt I had to give this kind of `` trendy '' stuff a fair try . `` Lost Objects '' being sort of heavily promoted here in France , I decided to pick that one . Also , `` Bang on a can '' projects seem to be getting quite good reviews here and there , and the amazon review was enthusiastic.Unfortunately , repeated listenings did not uncover beauties . Quite the opposite
 I thought , no , I expected that this CD would be just the copy of original soundtrack . But it is not . The sound of this CD is revival . Although the sound is not the original , I admitted the play was so effective that it is very similar to the original sound .
 I bought this CD for `` Black Betty '' . After listening to the whole CD , I discovered that was the only song I liked . All the other ones sound like European dance/pop club songs , and I thought they sucked . Oh , and most of the other songs are sung by some chick , not the guy on `` Black Betty '' .
 Black Betty has been one of the greatest cover songs in the history of rock n roll , the old cover being by Ram Jam of an very old Leadbelly song . I cant believe how much Spiderbait had simply slaughtered this song into an annoying repetitive grunt . IF anyone has hasnt heard the Ram Jam classic , please hear it first and then judge it for yourself ...
 Black Betty ! What a horrible performance . Can anyone even understand a word they are saying ? Not me ! I 'll give it one star for the laugh I got out of listening to it . This ca n't possibly be considered good music , because I 've got one word ... CRAP !
 Ok release but not to my liking for finding the beat , the dance , the message of his earlier offerings ... times had changed and he felt that he had to adapt .
 I love the Big Daddy kane , but this album aint all that ! Maybe because he sounds a bit different , maybe the beats aint as hard and funky as before.The illest rhyme is '' Do you really know '' conscious lyrics , the kind of stuff that made big daddy kane the boss of bosses.But hey , do n't take my word for it , maybe my expectations are too high .
 Technicaly this is an excellent performance , however the choice of selections is doleful and does not bring much Christmas cheer to the listener . The earlier CD releases by Chanticlier were wonderful but this one misses the mark .
 I was very disappointed when I listened to this CD . I should have paid more attention to the fact that there was another artist performing with the group before I ordered it . I am sorry I bought it .
 All 's I can say is that the entire CD sounded more like a barber shop quartet-type compilation !
 I 'm a huge Seekers fan . I have three other Seekers CD 's & they sound good . As soon as I pressed `` play , '' I was very UNpleasantly surprised . Since I was playing it in my car 's CD player with the windows open , I thought traffic noise from outside the car was causing interference so I rolled up the windows . It did n't help a bit ; in fact , it made the sound WORSE because it eliminated the `` cover-up '' noises which allowed me to hear just how awful this recording was . The sound has a terrible shrill echo - as if the entire recording studio was in a tin box . I then tried turning down the treble which also did n't help ; it only made the sound muffled . I tried playing it on my pricey home stereo but I could only endure it for a few seconds ; a decent sound system brings out the worst in a recording , and this recording has quite a bit of the worst to bring out . To spoil such a pricelessly-beautiful voice as Judith Durham 's should be a CRIME !! Much better choices are :1 . `` The Seekers All Bound For Morningtown - Their EMI Recordings 1964-1968 `` 2 . `` The Very Best of the Seekers `` Both have very good sound quality .
 While I saw the reviews stating this , I stupidly thought , &#34; can it really be that bad ? &#34; Yep , it is
 This guy has horiable beats and very wak lyrics . He should have waited another five to severn more years to polish his skills . If it came down to buying this album or a pair of socks , I would rather buy a pair of socks . Because at least they have a purpose in this world .
 I had to sign online just to find out who sings the DREADFUL remake of Talk Talk 's `` It 's My Life '' . I love Talk Talk 's song and when I heard a remake of it on the radio I could n't figure out how in the world this girl or woman or whoever was ever allowed in a recording studio let alone record this song . I thought `` she sings worse than Brittany Spears -LRB- if that 's even possible -RRB- but it is come to find out . Except for me of course ! Haha!Yuck !! Now I know who NEVER to buy an album by.I tried to give it a 1/2 or 1/4 star but I guess a whole one is the least one available.Give me Celine , Christina Ag. , or Jaci Velasquez anyday !
 You people should stop lounging around this crap and go get Talk Talk 's album , ` It 's My Life ' , with the original version , which is sooooo much better.This is crap .
 I first heard the song on the radio en route to work . I enjoyed it immensely and wanted to know who did the remake . No Doubt 's redo of the 80 's hit brought back good memories of the new wave era . But , of course , it does not compare to the original Talk Talk version .
 Proof a hot chick with a decent voice can destroy a synth-pop hit from a better era of music . Though it 's really the sound of the music that is lacking in Gwen 's version , so I ca n't blame her for the disaster . The original still rules .
 I heard snippets of this album and thought it sounded really good . Now that I own it my opinion has changed . I 'm a big fan of this style of music , but I find this album kind of sterile and claustrophobic . I think if this band evolves and lets their tunes open up and breath a little they could be great . The band can play and are as tight as a drum but I have one question . Does this band even HAVE a bass player ? IMO if you 're going to concentrate on heavy riff rock like this you need a bass player who can really groove behind all that riffage . The bass player is just locked in too tight with the rest of the band and is playing the same riffs as the guitars . Which IMO makes it kind of uninteresting . Also , they need to find a stronger vocalist . Period . The weak vocals totally take away from the heaviness . I would suggest go with an Orange Goblin record and bypass this . But I 'm defnitely going to keep them in my radar .
 Well , I picked this up based on the optimism generated by the few soundbites I heard . As a HUGE fan of bands in this genre , I listened to this and SO tried to like it . But I ca n't ... Yes there are a few great riffs sprinkled through the cd , but the overall recording quality combined with the vocals make this almost unlistenable . If like me you love this genre , check out the remixed and remasted cd from Priestess , or any of the Fireball Ministry cds ... you wo n't go wrong there .
 while the songwriting is OK , The Sword 's sound on a production level is Horrible . this is music for dudes who wear flattops and drive pick up trucks with tapout stickers . totally overproduced , over compressed , over dubbed , guitars , this stuff is for meatheads . why is everything on Steroids nowadays ... listen to LORD VICAR or ORCHID -LRB- SF -RRB- if you want anything real .
 After reading about how these guys are the `` New Black Sabbath '' and so classic sounding , I bought the CD.It is a bad mix.Problem 1
 The guitars are ok but are too loud and drown out the vocals . The drums are even louder which drown out the base . Add to that the vocals are terrible anyway so I have no idea why others are into this CD . Also , the whole package just sounds muddy , the production apparently was n't top quality . If you like a raw garage band sound with amateur talent then get this . If you enjoy professional quality music stay away .
 I am not 100 % sure but I am thinking this CD I received is a copy . I like HG though .
 First I 'll start by saying I hate country , but man , Jeff Walker has no business trying to sing these songs . He sounds so horribly out of place , it really hurts your ears . These songs are n't really `` metalized '' at all , they are probably about as bad as the originals that I have never heard nor do I care to hear . Maybe I am missing the point of this but to me , this sounds like a guy that hates metal so much now that he ca n't help but to bank of his name laughing at how bad even he must know this is .
 This is truly a disappointing release - nothing at all like the first two releases for at least the first nine tunes . What a shame ! They seem to have lost most of the adventurousness that made them unique .
 Robert ChristgauandColin Larkinmade me for some time curious about Laurie Anderson and her music , which I thought at the time to me much more arty than such musicians asKate Bushandearly Tori Amoswhich I was devouring as I tried to escape from the prison that commercial music was in the late 1990s . I had known for some time before trying to explore her that she had had a hit in Europe and Australia with `` O Superman '' , which , after a while , I came to quite enjoy . Unfortunately , it is fair to say that nothing else onBig Science , her debut album recorded at the age of thirty-three , matches up to the simple beauty of the single . A lot of it is very typical of synthesised 1980s music turned into performance art through the interludes during which Anderson talk-sings . Aided by a performance with Peter Gabriel , `` Mister Heartbreak '' , her second album , was the only one to dent the Billboard Top 100 , but it lacks even a single with the charm of `` O Superman '' . Whilst Jane Siberry often made performance-like music work well because she added near-religious beauty and gospel-like vocals to it , Anderson , who works from a similar framework , is never able to achieve this because she does not have the natural vocal ability to pull such a trick off . this is evident every time she adds vocals to `` Sharkey 's Day '' , `` Sharkey 's Night '' and `` Excellent Birds '' . What one is left with is something that resembles perfectly the worst part of 1980s synth-pop
 Every artist who participated in this project has , at one point or another , berated it ... and with good reason . The only reason to buy this album is if you are a huge fan of Patton , Spruane , Zorn , et al and want a copy to proudly display exactly how dedicated of a fan you are . As a listening experience it is painful at best , though I imagine it would be useful if you had a party and you wanted to convince everyone it was time to leave without actually coming out and saying so .
 It -LSB- is n't good -RSB- . Period . Even hardcore fans of Zorn , Patton , Spruance , etc. will be disappointed . Buy groceries instead .
 I payed $ 23 for this CD , because it 's a a rare import , and because I had never heard it . It 's not music at all - it 's mostly just strange sounds and ambience . DO NOT BUT THIS CD ! It 's worthless . Trey Spruance -LRB- who is on the CD -RRB- actually apologizes to any of his fans who have bought it . -LRB- check out wikipedia -RRB-
 Not expecting much going into this CD , I came away with very little.I 'm not even sure this CD sould be considered `` music '' , it has more of an ambiant sound to it.If you have an interest in listening to this group because of the infamous vocalist from FNM/Mr . Bungle Mike Patton , you will find yourself scratching your head trying to figure out why he was even included in this group , there is basically no hint of his vocals on this at all.This seems more along the lines of John Zorn without any of his usual musical blustering.In short unless you are in the mood to listen strange , ambiant noises with little music and even less vocals , this will be a waste of your time .
 21/2 Sure , some of these beats and ambient pieces are are a little bit datedly drony - almost sounding at times like a way weaker Downward Spiral , but there is enough variety , in mood and in production pacing , that keeps at least some of the disc engaging .
 This is n't worth the purchase . I do n't think there is a single song on this EP worth the price of admission . Cold Water is found on some other bad Jesus Lizard album and it is the best song here . Pass on this .
 Boy I had high hopes for this one . Coming off their best album , Shot , and produced by Gang of Four 's Andy Gill , I was expecting a masterpiece . The opening track is n't half bad , but the rest is throw-away . Does n't even sound like Jesus Lizard . Go get Down or Shot instead .
 This is a rip-off carbon copy of Natalie Imbruglia 's hit designed to trap stupid people who ca n't remember Imbruglia 's last name . `` Miss Browne '' ca n't sing and the several dance mixes on the album all sound the same . Torn does NOT make a good dance song , even if it was Imbruglia singing it .
 I buy alot of items from Amazon because of it 's wide selection and quality however , this particular item was a disappointment for me because the seller was dishonest . They sent me the CD Jacket with a totally different CD inside . I have definitely lost confidence is making Amazon purchases .
 This was my first DVD by delirium and I was not overly pleased with the selection . Being a stransalholic , I was disappointed by the selections . If you are used to Deleriu , they you will probably enjoy this DVD . Otherwise you have the same opinion as I did .
 I heard the Sarah Maclaughlan cut `` Silence '' off a new age collection and was enthralled by it . I expected that many other cuts by Delerium would be just like it , so I rushed out and bought two CDs . I was very much disappointed ! Moral
 The seller was very gracious to take the album back . This was n't my type of music . Too dark and goth .
 Summer 2003 was a great year for compilations . Brazilution , Brazil After Dark , Sister Bossa 4 , Nova Latino and several others came out . But of those that came out , Sunswept/Varese put out a real gem titled `` Cafe Samba '' which featured some unique and very smooth cuts . Granted 75 % of the cuts on that one were taken from a combo of Sister Bossa series/Brazilution/Brazil Remixed , it was still a good cd . 2004 saw the follow up to the cd come out and it flew under the radar of many . In fact , I remember picking it up in August but lost it two days later , only to find it a couple of days ago in a random jewel case . Not a good sign.In my opinion , this was a capable competitor but it just did n't have the same originality or ` magic ' that the first one did and left you thinking ` meh ' . It starts out with a more melancholic `` Maracana '' and is followed up with Thievery Corporation 's `` Samba Tranquilla '' . The good songs were the ones that were n't so popular yet - you get a taste for BossaCucaNova 's busy 2004 with `` Ultra Samba '' , a very nice beat . Barrio Jazz gang 's `` Copacabasa '' is also sorta funky too . Unfortunately there 's quite a bit of filler there and some of the songs , even the more upbeat ones just did n't seem particularly inspired to me and was like a forced Brazilian ambiance . Panaphonic is one of those groups that I never got into , even on Varese records Jazz Lounge II cd . And let 's face it , Nicola Conte 's `` Bossa Per Due '' is almost an eye-sore now on any nu-bossa compilation . And Racoon 's `` Sensacao '' is a song that either you love or you hate , but I did n't like that it was chopped in the beginning , giving it an unusual flow . But `` Sabor Antibe '' by Time Passing is a solid wind-down to this solid but un-remarkable cd.I 'm having trouble recommending this because there were plenty of superior alternatives in 2004 . It gets 2 stars mainly because it has a few cuts you do n't see on other compilations . You do n't have the `` Latin Vibe '' tracks that were sorta cute in the first one and you do n't have the cool Italian bossa that take you to the beach and remind you of the sunshine , like `` Segundo '' . Heck ... it had yet ANOTHER of the songs from Brazil
 This is a rip-off carbon copy of Natalie Imbruglia 's hit designed to trap stupid people who ca n't remember Imbruglia 's last name . `` Miss Browne '' ca n't sing and the several dance mixes on the album all sound the same . Torn does NOT make a good dance song , even if it was Imbruglia singing it .
 This is bad . I listened to it over and over again hoping that I was missing something , maybe it was good . Well , it 's not . Do n't torture yourself with this one , it 's better to remember the Jesus Lizard that once was . Do n't get me wrong there is some good material on here like ` Postcoital Glow ' and some others , but the majority of it sounds like Van Halen meets Scratch Acid -LRB- which by all accounts sounds like it might be cool -RRB- . And what the hell , you can actually understand what David Yow is saying ... something is really , really wrong here . Buy their older stuff because they used to be incredible ...
 I 'm disappointed by this record . Where are those haunting guitars of HEAD , GOAT and DOWN ? The 2 first tracks really suck , and the first half of the album is pretty weak . Plus they tried something different with much more melodies in the chorus of some of the songs of this album and on the 5 song EP that came out shortly before . I think it 's a bad idea for them . David Yow just ca n't sing this type of song , plus it does n't have the scary sound of the Jesus Lizard , which make them so incredible . The second half of the record is way better , but this album is easily their weakest effort . So be sure to listen to it before buying it . In my opinion , it 's not worth having .
 This is a rip-off carbon copy of Natalie Imbruglia 's hit designed to trap stupid people who ca n't remember Imbruglia 's last name . `` Miss Browne '' ca n't sing and the several dance mixes on the album all sound the same . Torn does NOT make a good dance song , even if it was Imbruglia singing it .
 You can hear from the Windows Media samples that the tracks have been filtered beyond death . The best and most vibrant transcription of the same recordings is the wonderful `` King Oliver 's Creole Jazz Band
 I 'm sure that there was a lot of hard work put into this album , and it breaks my heart to tell that it was for nothing ... Well actually not for nothing , this CD will sale nicely but if you appriciate good and creative R&B ; stay away from this CD like Michael Jackson from the sun.All the songs sound the same ... even the beat is the same ... and it 's allright cause `` Grindin ' '' is quite nice but why should I listen to another 14 `` Gridin 's '' ? I see pepole reccommend `` In search of '' by the NERD ... now thats a good CD ! maybe you should spend your money on that CD instead of this one and if you must take two so take the amazing `` Clones '' album by the Neptunes.Good Day .
 This album is the worst cd i have in my Collection.they think they are better than any other rapper.to anybody who is going to buy this Cd , consider taking your money And buying God 's Favorite by N.o.R.E. or Nellyville by Nelly.some of the beats on this cd sound like Run Dmc 's beats and other big time rappers.there are also 3 versions of one song.don ' t Waste your money and buy this cd . you will be dissapointed .
 from all of the reviews and advice of friends I expected the meaning of life to come out of this cd , but it was terrible . I have n't heard such a bad rap album since well , ever . I would n't suggest this one to anyone unless you need something to burn to keep warm .
 Seeing as how I 'm from Virginia as well , I had to check out this album , but I heavily dissapointed . The beats are out of line , and the beats at times sound the same . I like grindin and virginia , but I hate songs like young boy -LRB- A big clarnet or trumpet playin all loudly -RRB- and Cot damn -LRB- A really anoyin song -RRB- . And Pharell just gets annoying , cuz he almost in every single song with his annoyin voice . Well This is not the album to get , alongside Ja Rule and Jay-Z . U wan na git a good album git Tupac 's better dayz , Nas ' God 's son , or Scarface 's the Fix . Later for this .
 This is one of thr worst hip hop albums of 2002 . After so many good ratings I 've tried to see what is possibly good about this album . The Neptunes production style has become repetitive to the point of being simply annoying . The Mcing is so weak on a lyrical and delivery standpoint that all underground MCs must be hanging themselves . Give props to creativity and real lyricists by not buying this album .
 Hampton Roads , Virginia . A multitude of cities all merged together in one area , which includes Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Suffolk , and Virginia Beach , home of the Clipse . The Clipse have actually been around a lot longer than most people think . Back in 98 they released `` The Funeral '' which never received any promotion . But that never stopped them making appearances on other Neptune related projects such as Kelis 's album and the N.E.R.D. project.On their most recent release Lord Willin , The Neptunes produce the entire album . Due to the street to radio anthem `` Grindin '' The Clipse have a lot a fuel pushing this effort . The Neptunes set a grimmey street scene through most of the album with a few club joints . Pusha T and Malice are not exactly the most gifted mc 's but they can hold their own in some areas . On songs such as `` Virginia '' Pusha T and Malice take you on a dark and bleak tour of Virginia Beach , where in some parts it is n't all sandcastles and jet ski 's . The other standouts include the Intro and `` Ma I do n't Love Her '' with Faith Evans , giving her best Kelis impression . One of the key elements missing from Lord Willin is continuity . The production at times is good but it hits rock bottom on other tracks such as `` Ego '' and `` Famlay Freestyle '' . The subject matter here , covers no new ground what so ever . So if you like unoriginal albums overflooded with coke dealer wannabe thug personas , then I suggest you pick this up . The guests do n't help much either . People like Fabolous , Jermaine Dupris , NORE , and Big Tymers make worthless contributions . They should have featured more talented local artists such as Skillz . But with the state of hip hop being the way that it is today . I 'm sure that this album will be a hit .
 Like many others I was thrilled when I ordered this DVD and received it .2 all time legendary funksters back together again funkin ! The minute I put this DVD in the recorder I had a bad feeling.The setting -LRB- some sort of BBQ Party Picnic -RRB- and the first images , made me fear the worst , and yes my nightmare came true.Dissapointment is not really the word to use for this DVD.Sorry to be so harsh , but pothetic , amazingly poor and a disgrace to their status is all that comes to mind really . . The production is beyond belief -LRB- no bass in the mix at all on my copy ! - saxophone out of tune / guitar out of tune during at least 3 songs etc etc -RRB- Also musically this is absolutely unacceptable . Bad arrangements , a drummer without timing -LRB- the songs are all way too slow -RRB- and Louis seems to have lost his ability to cotrol his muscles or something ... -LRB- I will not even comment on the clothes they wear -RRB- It seems like a bad cover band failing to do an impression of the Bros Johnson songs . Sorry once again , but this DVD is only good for parties and bad hair days -LRB- it might make you feel better yourself after watching how bad things can really get -RRB- - in fact it is too shamefull to make fun of , it is simply embarrasing to watch ... In that respect buy George Duke 's 1983 Live in Tokyo DVD with a Louis Johnson in optima forma !! This DVD gets one star because zero stars is not possible
 I WAS GIVEN A COPY OF THIS SHOW , AND WAS HURT TO SEE THE SHOW PUT IN A BACK YARD SETTING , WHICH IS HOW SOME FESTIVALS ARE DONE . I HAD THE PLEASURE OF PLAYING WITH THESE CATS A FEW TIMES , ON PERCUSSIONS , AND VOCALS . I HAVE TO SAY THIS DVD DOES THEM NO GOOD ! I WOULD ALMOST BELIEVE THEY DO NOT KNOW THIS PRODUCT OF THEM IS OUT . I REALLY BELIEVE THIS.IF YOU HAVE A CHANCE TO SEE THEM IN PERSON , DO SO.THERE ARE DIFFERENT MUSICIANS , WHICH IF YOU PLAY , KNOW COULD MAKE , OR BREAK YOU , IN THIS CASE IT BROKE!SOMETIMES IT HAPPENS !
 When I purchased this dvd I was really excited about the chance of finally seeing George and Louis live.But as soon as the music started I knew what I was in for.Being a musician you know when a set is just not happening . Out of tune saxophone , and just weak musicians altogether.George and Louis ` s musicianship has definitely deteriorated.I learned to play bass because of hearing Louis.Now I hate to say it but , I can play like Louis better than Louis.Damn , what a shame .
 Brothers Johnson on DVD ??? Well I could n't wait to get it it but boy was I disappointed.A shadow of their former selves I 'm afraid.Check Loius out on the George Duke concert and you 'll see him at his best.Better still try and track down their 1978 concert on DVD.I did and its amazing horns funk e.t.c !!!!
 I was thrilled when I knew about this DVD , since I just love The Brothers Johnson music . A live performance with some of their classics , in Dolby 5.1 audio ? A must have I thought ... What a disappointment . George and Lous still are great performers and the renditions of the songs are ok , but the video quality -LRB- a non-anamorphic , letterboxed image that lacks sharpness -RRB- sucks . And where is the Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround audio advertised in the package ? I could only find a 2.0 analog track that comes mostly from the center channel and sounds mono for me . As bonus material there 's a behind-the-scenes documentary that just made me wonder about what two of the finest black players/musicians from the 70 's were doing there . Just embarassing . So , if you really like the guys and their music , listen again and again their albuns and forget this DVD .
 I was hoping this was a rare concert of the Brothers Johnson in their hay day . This is a concert of middle aged men who physically let themselves go . The energy , synergy is just not there . This is a pass , the picture on the cover is totally misleading ...
 When I read the reviews of others , I thought that it could never be possible ... but they got it . This DVD is a whole bunch of s *** . Poor video & sound quality , horrible mixing ... and southern mamma girl chillin ` at picnic ??? ... Do n't buy this one ... respect for the funk !
 Please if you love the Brothers Johnson DO NOT BUY THIS . Absolutely one of the worst recordings I 've seen and heard . It sounds like it is straight from the board with no mixing . Louis is so low in the mix , just a shame . Half of the band is just kinda on the smooth jazz or gospel chops tip ... horrible . God I love the Brothers Johnson , a huge fan , but this is well ... lol ... HORRIBLE .
 The intensely Latin flavor of Noel 's compositions is totally lost in this CD . The attempt to make this music accessible to international markets has gone entirely too far - one can not recognize the doleful melodies of Noel
 The confusion continues . Who was the pop one in Blur ? One would have always assumed it was Damon Albarn , but now Coxon returns with an accessible , tuneful album that sounds like Parklife gone punk . Christ . His previous solo efforts have been highly disappointing , so hopes not too high for this one . He 's not helped one bit by the fact that his voice is barely distinguishable from Albarn 's , and this is in evidence on album opener ` Spectacular ' , a drivingly catchy punk-pop anthem with big , silly guitars and a `` Britpop '' aesthetic . Unfortunately its an all too dated sound , despite a fair amount of bounce , chiefly due , again , to the Mockney vocals.First single ` Freakin ' Out ' was genuinely unexpected
 I love the first song . I do n't care much for any of the others . But Strangely , on a sunny saturday afternoon , this album will sound like the grateful dead ; while on weekdays , it sounds like a not song inspired pop band . If you really like 60 's pop , then get yourselves the Sneetches `` Sometimes that 's all we have '' . , or XTC ... Jeff , you are a terrifice guy ; but like a teenager rebelling against his roots , you 've lost me this time around .
 There are two above-average tunes -LRB- She 's A Jar , Via Chicago -RRB- , a bunch of re-hashed mediocrity -LRB- ELT , How to Fight Loneliness -RRB- and some rather syrupy and/or pointless clunkers -LRB- Shot In the Arm , Summerteeth YUK ! , I 'm Always in Love , In a Future Age -RRB- . The sound is brittle and amateurishly over-produced . The band plays without any soul whatsoever and the arrangements are gimmicky and distractful -LRB- a common recording trick when you 're dealing with a poorly written song in the first place -RRB- . Some lyrics are intelligent and beautiful -LRB- `` And freeze to spread skeleton wings/I passed through before I knew you '' -RRB- , while others are trite and dopey -LRB- `` You followed me down/the neck to D '' -RRB- . In short , there are far too many run-of-the-mill songs on this CD for it to merit such unquestionable , `` album-of-the-year '' praise . Look before you leap and borrow a friend 's copy before you buy .
 Wait for their next one
 Overproduced and sounding like every other damn record out there today , Tweedy and friends have bolted to the mainstream for the pot of gold , always just out of reach in country-rock , but now , unfortunatley , well within their grasp . There goes the only band I still liked ...
 When I first listened to this album , I wondered `` What Happened ?! '' . A recent reviewer was absolutely on the money when he/she said this album was overproduced . I also agree that the synthesizer was overly annoying at times . After this album I wrote Wilco off , which is a shame . It took me a long time to even listen to Yankee Foxtrot Hotel -LRB- which I like , but think the hype outpaced its true significance -RRB- . In the end , if you like Tweedy 's cheesy lyricism and can get by a horrid bubble gum pop veneer , you might try Summer Teeth . If , like me , you value the music more , avoid this one unless you are a collector .
 It 's pretty clear from this album that Jeff Tweedy & co. are too old to make vibrant music anymore . They know it too . They took the desperate step of switching from one derivative formula to another derivative formula in the hopes of making music fun for themselves again . They tried , but they failed . It 's too bad . At one time , Tweedy genuinely believed in his schlock . More than anything else , this sincerity was what made his music worth listening to . I think it 's become bloated posturing . No more . No less.I wish they would stay at home with their families and write commercial jingles . They could earn lots of money and they could do it anomynously .
 Giving this latest project even one star is too kind ! One step above elevator music , at best .
 I was looking around to listen to a few new albums and bands and saw some good reviews of Wilco . What a disappointment , this album is very DULL and lifeless , the sound quality is very poor up against the latest offerings from other bands recently e.g Robert Cray and Tom Petty .
 I 've been a big fan of Jeff Tweeedy since his Uncle Tupelo days , and I have to ask about Summerteeth , what happened ? Gone from this album is any connection to Tweedy 's alternative country roots . Gone too is the coherent songwriting and hummable melodies that define his style . Loyal listeners beware , there is n't a `` Passenger Side , '' or a `` Kingpin '' on this whole album . In fact , there is nary a song you 'll remember five minutes after the CD is done playing . It pains me to say that this is one terrible album .
 WHAT WERE THEY THINKING ?? IT SEEMS AS THOUGH WILCO MAYBE STRETCHING THEMSELVES THIN WITH TOO MANY PROJECTS AT ONCE -LRB- MERMAID AVENUE - WITH BILLY BRAGG -RRB- . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ON THIS HODGE-PODGE OF MEDIOCRACY .
 Wilco ? I could n't believe this was Wilco ... sorry
 As some of the other reviewers have stated , I really wanted to like this CD . I keep putting into my CD player , but by the 4th song I ca n't stand it anymore ! This CD has a very cheesy , hokey sound with silly lyrics that I just ca n't get into . I really ca n't see why it has received so many good reviews . Save your money !
 What is this ? , `` music '' for sissy 's ? , man this is awful ! , one play and into the trash for this dud ! , my water softener when in it 's regeneration cycle has more life than this , do n't waste any money on this junk !
 Sorry , this album is not up to snuff . Maybe after a year of listening I will get it and delete this review but for now ... not good . The puzzling thing about this album is the brilliance of the albums before and after it ! Yankee ... and A Ghost is Born both live up to the hype - they are incredible . And the album before this one Being There is fantastic as well . If you are new to Wilco buy those albums first , only then try this one .
 it 's very disheartening to watch an entire genre of music sell out . one after another , alt country bands signed to major labels all of a sudden think they are rock , or even worse , pop bands . guess that 's where the money is . sure is n't where the quality is . thank god for son volt ; at least one half -LRB- always was the better half -RRB- of uncle tupelo is still playing true roots americana music .
 it 's very disheartening to watch an entire genre of music sell out . one after another , alt country bands signed to major labels all of a sudden think they are rock , or even worse , pop bands . guess that 's where the money is . sure is n't where the quality is . thank god for son volt ; at least one half -LRB- always was the better half -RRB- of uncle tupelo is still playing true roots americana music .
 I listened to this record and the first thing I thought was , what a boring music is this.I think the album `` Bein ' There '' did n't sell not enough records so they came up with a very commercial album . I think `` Bein ' There '' was a very fine album but when I heard this one I thought by myself why are these guys are goin ' the easy way . Think again , and make a classic album . I know Wilco can do it !
 I have read many complaints from those who have bought this item that the first song skips on most turntables . My copy skipped several times and the area of concern was warped . The main offender appears to be the song Ca n't Stand It , which is now kinda ironic because that is exactly how I feel about this lp . Could be a bad pressing and doubt it had anything to do with the lps treatment during shipment since copies were purchased in multiple places.IMO
 The audio on the first track skips.I do n't believe is the physical record but rather the audio in the record that skips all over the place.I did not buy the record from Amazon.com , though .
 I bought this CD completely expecting to love it based on all the good reviews . This could be a great record but it is absolutely ruined by overproduction . It has constant left to right to left pans of various instruments -- like some kid was playing with the audio board . There are layered synthesizer effects which are absolutely annoying . If this record were stripped of these effects it would be quite good . As it is I 'm going to re-sell this ASAP .
 There were maybe 2 or 3 tracks on this CD that were even close to `` good '' . The remainder was like Herman 's Hermits meets the Beatles meets Moody Blues and ran the gambit from bubble-gum to downright sappy . A true multi-layered , overproduced effort with none of the small studio-jam feel of , say , `` AM '' or `` Being There '' . Bring Back Wilco !
 I got this album because of Mermaid Avenue , which I thought was an excellent cd . Jeff Tweedy wrote wonderful music to Woody 's lyrics , and so I thought I would check out a Wilco album . Summer Teeth sounds like bad eighties music and outtakes from the Beatles White Album . The songs sound so cheesy and generic . Not at all what I was expecting . Tweedy may be a gifted lyricist and songwriter , but when the music sounds like this , who cares . The sound is too electronic and modern sounding , and a couple years from now will sound really silly and dumb .
 I really wanted to like this record , especially in light of the glowing reviews it recieved , but it just did n't do it for me . I loved A.M. , and I admire the band for trying not to stagnat with the same sound again - but all the keyboards and over-production makes this sound more like some forgettably bad eighties pop band . There are a few cool tracks , but overall , it was n't worth more than a few listens .
 Wilco 's album has a few good tunes , most notably the lovely `` She 's A Jar , '' and for once Tweedy is pulling off some decent lyrics , though there are some cringey ones -LRB- `` Followed me down/the neck to 'D ' '' -- an icky musician in-joke that could have at least rhymed with `` Schenectady ! '' -RRB- Besides better lyrics , there are a few bright spots here and there . I think the sounds of this record are tasteful -LRB- to a fault -RRB- and expansive , and I like the adventuresomely `` vintage '' production.But there are twice as many missed opportunities for genuine melodies . The world-weary vocals become gratingly precious as you realize they 're going to be like this song after song , erasing any momentum of true emotion that might have fought to surface . `` A Shot in the Arm `` s ad nauseum refrain is reminiscent of the equally mundane Soul Asylum . Tweedy has a talent for something , that is clear , but I fear it is more of a future in car commercial anthems . I 've always been open to Tweedy 's promise -- his niche in music is a cool place to be ; it 's just that I do n't think he has the imagination to pull it off . He has always danced too close to cliche , I believe self-consciously , as if he were going to add a `` twist , '' when all he 's really done is compounded the cliche . This record is proof that adding fancy instrumentation to a lackluster tune can not a good song make . You can thank the reviewers and their constant froth of `` Pet Sounds '' this , Brian Wilson that . Take a dull acoustic guitar tune , like the kind Mr. Tweedy writes ; throw on plenty of analog synths and add strings to make the boring song vaguely psychedelic , and presto ! You got the hack from the Tribune whipped into a Beach Boys lather . Well , Brian Wilson had melody and vision to spare , and his pet sounds were put in the service of heartwrenching songs -- not vice-versa .
 I have this concert on dvd already and loved it ! For christmas i got a blu ray player for a present so right away i went and ordered this . Like the other 2 , it did not work on my blu ray player : -LRB- Ill see what amazon can do for me , im quite upset over this : -LRB-
 I have upscale REGION FREE Blu-Ray DVD players . Denon , Pioneer and Panasonic . I can ususally play anything , especially on the Denon players.NOT THIS DVD VIDEO.It will not function on ANY of my 4 Blu-Ray DVD players ; even the REGION-FREE/CODE FREE units.I 'm not sure why AMAZON is selling this as Amazon usually provides for great service.DO NOT PURCHASE .
 This title is not compatible with Sony BD-players and PS3.Some other region-A players of other company could play this title.You can see same problem when you play ` Keane-Live ' and ` Andre rieu ' .
 I ordered the Bluray from here in December 08 and the disc I got did not play on either my PS3 or my Sony BDP-S550 . Seeing as the above poster had the same problem I assume it to be a bad batch ?
 First of all thanks for Amazon 's great and fast service , I have received within a week but this blu-ray disc wo n't play on my PS3 , so I contact Amazon and they give me full refund . Did anyone have this problem?P.S . Since I have n't see this video so not rate yet.Also I have purchased 2nd Blu-ray days ago , BUT NO LUCK , still ca n't play on my PS3 -LRB- it skip from title 1 to 2 repeatly -RRB- .
 The description says NTSC , one of the reviewers marked it as non-regional . I ordered a copy from CD Imports and it is PAL . Buyer beware ! Unfortunately I opened the DVD and it is now non-returnable . Ebay , here I come !
 The Disney DVD `` Bill Nye The Science Guy : Probability '' features Bill and supporting actors in a very short -LRB- 23 minute -RRB- video about probability . Bill Nye 's demonstrations of probability have the same depth and accuracy as Mickey Mouse 's demonstrations of rodent biology - which is to say that Bill does n't explain anything about the actual properties of probability . There is no mention of the laws of probability , no discussion of independent events , no mention of set unions and intersections , no mathematical formulas . The DVD merely presents a variety of situations that have stochastic outcomes . In the simple cases , the actors state numerical values for the probabilities involved . What little is said about the concept of probability itself is insubstantial and misleading.The DVD offers entertainment . In that aspect , Bill gives the `` The Standard Deviants '' a run for their money -LRB- not a race that everyone will care to witness -RRB- . Bill takes his usual pratfalls . Probability examples are staged as comic skits . It 's all G-rated material that is sure to captivate small children and school boards.The DVD has various `` extra '' features that have as little educational content as the main program.Probability is a sophisticated concept . When introducing a complex idea to young children , people often give them an oversimplified , even utterly false substitute for the real thing . The hope is that this will tide them over and perhaps defer the labor of teaching to another instructor . The false substitution that that Bill uses is to equate `` the probability of occurrence '' with `` the actual frequency of occurrence '' . Many adults suffer from that misconception and I suppose this DVD would be a good way for them to pass it on to their children . What harm would that do ? I do n't foresee any rough sailing for the little darlings until they encounter a college course on statistics . Not all will go that route . Those that do will have to deal with concepts like `` the distribution of the sample mean '' in a coin tossing experiment . They may feel incredulity that `` the frequency of occurrence '' can take on a different values than the `` probability of occurrence '' - and worse , the instructor will be talking about the `` probabilities '' of those different frequencies actually occurring . However , by the time this happens the kids will be spending most of their time away at school and they wo n't expect their parents to help with homework.Another misconception that the DVD encourages is the thought that when there are N possible outcomes of an event , each outcome must have probability 1/N . Colleges ca n't complain too much about this since their introductory probability courses accomplish the same thing . They have the concept of probability so tangled up with the mathematics of combinatorics that Probability 101 graduates think that any probability must be defined by `` the number of favorable outcomes divided by the number of possible outcomes . '' At least that fallacy honors the historical origins of the subject.I rate this DVD as two stars out of five to indicate that it is a misleading and insubstantial description of probability . It does present a nice set of situations where probability is involved . The product advertising recommends this DVD for grades 4-8 . I 'd say if you are going to inflict it on someone , try grades 1-3 . Synopsis Of The Main Program -LRB- 23 minutes -RRB- And Some CommentsBill says `` Everything that happens really has a chance of happening or not happening . Everything has what we call a ` probability ' . `` We see three doors . Bill tells us that his lab is behind one of them , so each door `` has probability 1 in 3 of taking us where we want to go . '' Bill opens door # 1 . From a mist , a mechanical arm with a boxing glove hits him in the face . He says he should have remembered his face mask , which he puts on . He says `` Well now there 's two doors left . There 's a 1 in 2 probability . '' He opens door # 2 . From a mist , a mechanical arm with a boxing glove punches him in the stomach . Bill opens door # 3 and it reveals a small patio or balcony . He talks as he backs into it . He falls backward over its low wall . We see him falling into a dumpster . Bill says `` There are ways to figure the chances of something happening or not happening , it 's what we call , in science , ` probability ' . '' -LSB- The modern emphasis on achievement testing has some merit , but one unfortunate consequence is that educational materials spend all their time stating facts and neglect to pose provocative questions whose answers are not yet known by adults . In the above example , according to Bill , the probability of door # 2 leading to the lab changes from 1/3 to 1/2 after door # 1 is opened . So , is this probability a physical property of the door # 2 ? After all , we do n't expect the mass or volume of door # 2 to change when door # 1 is opened . Or is this probability a property of Bill 's mind ? - making it something that depends on his state of knowledge . If the probability changes from 1/3 to 1/2 , does it change all of a sudden or does it gradually increase from 1/3 to 1/2 as door # 1 opens ? Questions like this may continue to inspire a kid 's ' thinking many years after they are posed . The DVD moves quickly to the next segment without asking anything . -RSB- We see a large seesaw contraption used for flipping a large coin . Bill jumps on one end of it and flips the coin . Bill says `` If you think about it , it gon na land heads or tails every time . Now heads or tails means a 1 in 2 probability for either one . '' Bill says '' We ca n't predict exactly how it 's going to land on every toss , but we can predict exactly for a whole bunch of tosses . Eventually there will exactly as many heads as tails '' . -LSB- What is Bill trying to say ? No matter how many tosses you make , whenever you have made an odd number of tosses there wo n't be exactly as many heads as tails . Is Bill saying that we can flip the coin until we get the same number of heads and tails and then stop flipping it ? We could just as well agree to flip the coin until we had 5 more heads than tails and then stop . Apparently the writers of this DVD intended to give an oversimplified version of the The Law Of Large Numbers and did n't grasp that an application of that law would tell about the ratio of heads to the total number of flips , not about the exact equality of the number of heads and tails . -RSB- We see two kids . A girl flips a coin . A boy tries to guess the outcome . The skit emphasizes that the coin flips might result in a long run of tails . The girl says `` If you flip the coin enough times , the probability always averages out to be one chance in two . '' -LSB- The probability of a head is 1/2 even if you never flip the coin . It does n't depend on averaging out anything . The value of this probability is established by the assumption that we have a fair coin , not by how many heads we have gotten when we flip it . This skit is an example of how the DVD confuses the idea of `` probability '' with idea of `` actual frequency '' . -RSB- We see a machine to dispense gum balls . Bill sorts the six different colors of gum balls in a tray . This this example , there are more blue balls than balls of the other colors . Bill asserts that the probability of getting a blue ball is higher than the probability of getting a ball of another color . The puts the balls in the machine . He turns the handle on the machine and draws a blue ball . He wants to get a green one next and fails . He gets a few more balls of various colors . -LSB- This skit hints at a scenario for explaining `` random sampling without replacement '' , but that topic is not mentioned on the DVD . -RSB- A skit parodies the part of the `` Wizard of Oz '' where Dorthy meets the wizard and exposes him behind his curtain . The `` Wizard of Odds '' asserts the probability of rain and various other things . -LSB- The educational values are really wearing thin at this point . -RSB- Bill stands in front of a large apparatus where black balls are dropped though a network of rods and land in a pattern that approximates a bell shaped distribution . He says `` By figuring out what 's average , we can predict the future . '' He also says `` The probability that makes this shape is part of the nature of the world . '' ... `` We see a lot of bell shapes curves in nature . They 're normal '' . -LSB- This hints at the connection between the normal probability distribution and a bell shaped curve , but the DVD does not explain probability distributions . Bill 's mention of `` normal '' is merely an inside joke . -RSB- A girl uses refrigerator magnets to explain how gender is determined by X and Y chromosomes and asserts that the probability of being a girl is 1/2 , likewise the probability of being a boy is 1/2 . Bill mentions that insurance companies use probabilities to determine how much to charge for insurance while , in the background , we see thieves stripping his Volkswagen bug.Bill says that in most state lotteries `` your chances of winning are one in five million '' . These odds are illustrated by a large bin containing five million styrofoam peanuts . There is a single red peanut somewhere in the bin , the rest are white . Bill dives in the bin looking for the red peanut.Sports commentators talk about the progress of a football game where points are awarded according to coin flips.The `` birthday problem '' is introduced . For 23 people , the probability that two have the same birthday is `` about 1 in 2 '' . Bill begins computing the the probability on a blackboard but there are are various interruptions . A sign comes up that says `` technical difficulties '' . We do n't see the the rest of his work . The message conveyed to the audience is that the calculations are too hard to understand.We see a wildlife biologist at work . She mentions that information about a whole population can be obtained `` just by sampling '' . She says that the probability of finding a banded bird is less than 5 % while the probability of finding a bird with a radio transmitter attached to it is about 80 % . -LSB- Although this segment uses the word `` sampling '' , the idea of sampling is never explained on the DVD . -RSB- Using stacks of large dice , Bill explains that when throwing a pair of dice , a 7 is the most likely result since there are more combinations of faces that form it.Bill is in the woods . Inside a rectangle that has been taped off on the ground , he has found a single four leaf clover , which he shows us . He says that that the area of the rectangle is 10 square meters and that there are about 5000 clovers in the patch . He says that the probability of finding a four leaf clover in another section of the park is 1 in 5000 . -LSB- That would be correct if the method of searching for four leaf clovers is to pick only a single clover at random . However , this is not how most people search for four leaf clovers . -RSB- We see a music video that uses excerpts from previous scenes.We see a few seconds of Bill Nye looking for identical snowflakes in a snowdrift using a magnifying glass . He announces the end of the program.Other DVD FeaturesThe other DVD features are no more educational than the main program and some are rather depressing.For example , there is a 10 question quiz . Question # 2 says
 I 'm a huge fan of Bill Nye the Science Guy and use his DVDs in my 6th grade classroom . However , I was truly disappointed in this DVD and several others from the math series . I expected the same innovative teaching style ... it fell short ; by a mile ! Bill Nye makes science very straight forward , and he explains difficult concepts so effortlessly ... the math series just does n't compare .
 Many tracts are flawed . The audio lags behind video or is missing entirely . I had expected more from Virgin Records .
 To watch most of the `` chapters '' you have to fast forward a little as soon as you see the title , otherwise it skips to the next song . What 's up with that ?
 I do n't understand how other people in America have reviewed this dvd when it has n't been released here yet . Did you fly to England , watch it , then come home ? I 'm as big a Roxy fan as the next guy , but I wo n't give it a review until I 've seen it !
 Although this item is supposed to be for `` All Regions , '' it is NOT . Taking a chance because one reviewer said she could play it , I ordered and am very disheartened this morning to find it will not play on any of my DVD players or computers . This is a terrible disservice to Ms. Mesko and to the people who want to use her beautiful practice . Amazon , you need to pull this product for American consumers . Ms. Mesko , your production company needs to produce a DVD that is available for your many American fans . If you have already ordered and need to return , contact Amazon so they can send you instructions and a label that will avoid you having to pay return shipping and handling . I am deeply disappointed .
 This is a recording of Donovan Leitch performing all his songs in concert . Try getting the studio version of Donovan 's greatest hits it 's much better than any other CD compilation I should know !
 IF YOU LIKE POP AND LOUNGE ACTS , YOU MIGHT LIKE THIS CD.Eric Clapton is at his best when he is playing the blues or blues flavored rock . He is at his worst when he is trying to be someone else . His worst CD was August when he tried to do Phil Collins . On this CD , he is trying to be James Taylor , George Benson and a washed up Las Vegas loung act.There are some great songs on this CD , but they are the blues numbers , Come Back Baby and I Want a Little Girl . Also , his rocker Superman Inside is fairly good.From there , things go downhill . Much of the music is overproduced . Especially bad is the background vocals that ruin many of the songs.On this CD is yet another JJ Cale song , Travelin ' Light . Clapton does a fairly nice job of it , except that it is one of the songs ruined by horrible background vocals . There is a repeat of the word `` Light '' , everytime it is sung . It just sounds goofy . This is at least the third JJ Cale song Clapton has done . Maybe he was searching for another hit . He hit gold with the other two JJ Cale songs he did , After Midnight and Cocaine.Got You On My Mind is another example of an overproduced song . It is a nice blues number , but played too upbeat . Clapton sings `` I 'm feeling sad and low '' to bouncing beat . He sure does n't sound sad and low.A number of the songs have strings , and background harmoines that are out of place . Probably the worst thing on this CD is the James Taylor song , Do n't Let Me Lonely Tonight . They all sound like songs James Taylor would do as a washed up Las Vegas act.The CD starts and ends with acoustic guitar numbers . They remind of George Benson , only not as good . They a nice little instrumentals , but they are fairly bland , with no emotion.Except for a few songs , this is really a bland album . But , many people like that kind of music , just like many people like white bread . He continues this emotionally flat style on the live album One More Car , One More Rider .
 I realize musicians have to explore different avenues of music in order to be creative and fresh , but searching out the avenues of soft rock is not being creative for Eric Clapton . I will expect to hear the selections of Reptile on every elevator and dentist office in America . ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
 I hate to write this but this album really stinks . If I could I would ask for my 13 $ back . I am a huge Clapton fan and it hurt to listen to Reptile . It is not as bad as Pilgrim , to me that was Clapton at his worst , but its pretty close . Riding with the King was such a good album and it hurts to listen to Clapton 's follow up . If you do not have Riding with the King buy that CD , or keep your 13 $ because this album stinks .
 This is Eric Clapton at his worst . Very little guitar playing and what 's left are his strained vocals . There is no energy on this disc . Most of it sounds like poor lounge music . What has happened to Clapton ? His last two discs are weak , at best .
 I 've listened to this disc three times trying to find something on it that appealed to me . Being a longtime Clapton fan , I was very disappointed to find absolutely nothing memorable . Sadly , I think he 's finally dropped his Rock and Roll roots completely , and has landed squarely in the Adult Contemporary -LRB- easy listening -RRB- category . It 'll be my last Clapton purchase .
 What 's wrong with you people ? I 've never seen so many undeserved five star ratings in my life . Actually , I must confess -- after listening to the audio clips & with the disappointing bitterness of `` Pilgrim '' still fresh in my mind , I wo n't even buy this CD . I never thought I would say that , as I am a huge fan . I own everything Clapton has ever recorded -LRB- from The Yardbirds to `` Riding With the King '' -RRB- including many compilations . The realization of what he is capable of makes it impossible for me to suffer through this sort of dribble any longer.Eric , if you are listening
 I only like one cut from this CD -- `` Believe in Life . '' The rest are boring and uninspiring .
 Where have I heard music like this before ? Oh , I know ; an elevator ...
 I 've always been a Clapton fan , but Reptile left me disappointed and empty . It 's kind of blah . There was almost nothing on this entire cd that caught my attention . It sounded like not too much effort went into this recording , which is uncharateristic since Eric is known for pouring his heart into his music . The background vocals reminded me of Elvis Presley 's back up singers from the 50 's and seemed out of place on most tracks . I also thought the blues , Clapton 's strongest attribute , came across weak and hollow . I did like Superman Inside and Son & Sylvia , though . Tried and true Clapton fans will enjoy Reptile . Even if not so much for the music , at least because it is Slowhand himself . I 'd rather hear something from his past . I would give this one star muscially , but because it 's Eric Clapton , I gave it an extra star . PS
 `` Reptile '' is the worst Eric Clapton work , because it shows no motivation of an artist that is one of the greatest in music . If you like Eric Clapton you 'll be disappointed with this ...
 I 've always had the greatest admiration for Clapton as a Guitarist going back to his days with the Yardbirds , and when he played many of the leads for George Harrison . However his singing leaves much to be desired and seems to be regressing into low-keyed mumbling . I have his earlier efforts but this one just does n't cut it !
 ... this album is a dud . I agree with the other reviewers that said Clapton should give Jeff Beck 's new release `` You Had It Coming '' a few listens . Clapton has sure mellowed out the past few years , has n't he ? While Reptile is n't quite as much of a dissapointment as Pilgrim , it 's close.The opening and title track , Reptile , seems as if Clapton has spent too much time in elevators . Some java , Mr. Clapton ? Superman Inside is a decent cut , that 's really what got the album 2 stars instead of one.One question for Eric
 Yes , I am a picky reviewer . Few albums I have reviewed have gotten 5 stars by me . -LRB- Those albums are You Had It Coming by Jeff Beck and a Gentle Presence by Doug Hartline . -RRB- That said , 5 stars is an outstanding album beyond words , 4 stars is truly great , 3 stars is not bad but not great either , and you get the idea . Well I hate to say this about Reptile , but I must give it 2 stars.I was very , very dissapointed with Clapton 's new release . Riding With the King was so good , and it hurts to have to listen to this after it . The album 's title track , Reptile , sounds like elevator music . Plus , where the heck is Clapton 's guitar ? This album does not feature what made Clapton famous in the first place-his guitar playing . This album features more on his vocals , which I must say are n't half as good as his guitar playing.Perhaps Clapton should give Jeff Beck 's new album `` You Had It Coming '' a few listens and see what other guitarists his age can do . Sorry to see Clapton has mellowed out .
 I think it fair to hold some recording artists to greater standards than other on the basis of talent , past performance , and potential . Eric Clapton 's 13th solo release , `` Reptile , '' is a case in point.Mr . Clapton , once hailed as `` God '' by his legions of fans during the heyday of Cream , certainly shows his mortality on this session . His talents seem diffused , caught between wanting to sound like J.J. Cale -- which is a good thing -- and B.B. King -- which is a bad thing.Mr . Clapton 's past releases , in my opinion , veer all over the musical landscape . He seems at his best when pushed by more ambitious personalities -LRB- consider Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker from Cream and listen to the exciting , cutting edge music they continue creating -RRB- who are not along for the ride . A who 's who of keyboard players , Paul Carrack , Joe Sample , and Billy Preston , almost carry the day in spots and at least offer unfailing supporting rolls as do Andy Fairweather-Low and Doyle Bramhall II on guitars , but none manage to coax Mr. Clapton to elevate his playing -LRB- unlike Albert Lee who served this role on various other Clapton projects -RRB- . `` Reptile '' strikes me as a nod to all sorts of styles , and unfortunately too many track are remakes that pale to the originals . His covers of Do n't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight and I Ai n't Gon na Stand for It , for instance , force unfavorable comparisons with the original vocals by James Taylor and Stevie Wonder and beg the bigger question of `` why on earth is EC covering this material ? '' Someone should just have said `` no . `` The title track is a nifty little song , but close your eyes , imagine it 's 1976 , and George Benson 's `` triple-zzz '' jazz standard Breezin ' may as well be playing.Mr . Clapton hits his chops in spots , particularly on his cover of J.J. Cale 's Travelin ' Light , the uplifting Believe in Life , and the promising Broken Down -LRB- though somewhat marred by strings . -RRB- The tendency to showboat through a performance surfaces in Come Back Baby , which conjures up bad B.B. King songs to me . Mr. Clapton revs up the amps on Son & Sylvia , leaving the listener on a high note but also yearning for more tracks like this one .
 Poor Eric . The man has made so much money that he seems to think that he can afford to sacrifice his artistic integrity and still maintain credibility with the fans who have admired his rock and blues efforts for 30 years . Who knows , maybe he can . He sure suckered me into buying this album . The meandering cocktail jazz of the opening track `` Reptile , '' the `` lite rock '' of the cover songs -- this all adds up to little substance . Is this the same guy who played in Derek & the Dominos ? He seems to be more in tune with Jackson Browne , Elton John , James Taylor , and Leo Sayer than Muddy Waters or Buddy Guy.This is appropriate material if you do n't feel like being challenged as a listener . In fact , I hope this is n't an example of Eric challenging himself as a player . If so , he has lost it completely . If you are new to Clapton , forgo `` Reptile '' and point your browser to the recordings he made in the 60s .
 disappointing , to say the least . i understand this was an album dedicated to an important family member . and that the term `` reptile '' is complimentary . but with the collection of tracks on this cd , it would have been more appropriate to name it `` lizard '' , as in lounge lizard . with the exception of 3 or 4 tracks that were clapton-like , the rest could have been done by any hotel bar band with a decent guitar player .
 No bite at all . Huge clapton fan , so it pains me to write this , but totally mediocre . Songs have no complexity , all follow a simple , uninspired format .
 THIS CD IS FOR ALL THE MELLOW ERIC FANS , WHICH I DO N`T TEND TO BE.I LIKE ERIC BEST WHEN HE IS PLAYING HIS GUITAR HIS BLUESY BEST AND THIS CD DOES NOT GET IT .5 STARS FOR THIS.YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.OH I KNOW THAT ALOT OF YOU PEOPLE THAT WRITE REVIEWS DO THE POPULAR THING AND ALWAYS SAY HOW GREAT A CD IS TO GET POINTS , BUT PEOPLE LETS BE HONEST , THIS IS NOT A GREAT CD.STAY WITH ERIC ` S OLDER STUFF , AS HE IS RUNNING OUT OF GOOD TUNES .
 I did n't give this one star because it 's certailnly not his worst record , just his most forgettable . Reptile and Pilgrim would be destined for what used to be called `` the cut-out bin '' . I understand that he 's done it all and can afford to `` explore '' , but lets get real . This music makes me think that `` Behind The Sun '' and `` August '' are really great records . Bring the Marshall back and turn it up .
 I hesitate to say anything critical of Eric Clapton , since I am such a tremendous fan and usually * love * everything he does . Maybe that is why I was so disappointed with this album . Maybe it is just me , but this album does n't sound like Eric Clapton at all to me . The first instrumental reminds me of elevator music , some of the other tracks sound jazzy to me , and a Stevie Wonder song ? The rest of the songs have too much piano and not enough guitar playing , which is why I love Eric Clapton so much . His talent is astounding ! He should show it off ! The two redeeming songs on this album are Superman Inside , which almost sounds like the E.C. I know and love , and Come Back Baby . On Come Back Baby , Eric puts his whole heart and soul into the singing and as a result , it is AWESOME ! This is what E.C. does best
 The persons responsible for supplying music for elevators and hospital waiting rooms will love this album . Die-hard Clapton fans will buy it just to have it . Everyone else , listen to it before you decide to buy it .
 I respectfully submit that this album was disappointing . The horrible background vocals against Claptons voice and guitar are a more tortured combination than Placido Domingo and Willy Nelson . Give us more of the stuff you are best at -- blues with a raw edge . Remember `` From The Cradle '' ? DOOO WAAAHHHP -- oh please . Too much froo froo .
 Where have I heard music like this before ? Oh , I know ; an elevator ...
 the only other place I 've heard music as fine as this has been in an elevator .
 The thrill must be gone . This CD is Long , oh so very long . Do n't get me wrong he is still a great Guitar player , and there is some good music on here , but it seems as though pre-retirement has begun . I must say his vocals have goten very good . As far as the Cd as a hole goes the word Lethargic comes to mind . I have been a fan for years and I am 40 years old so when I say lethargic it must be . I have watched or I should heard his music go up and down over the years , this one is a down . It would be good background music but to sit down and listen to it is a challenge . Oh by the way you may notice that I never mention the name Eric Clapton , that is because this review can double for the latest Mark Knopfler CD , word for word .
 If you 've liked any of Clapton 's work in past 25 years , you 'll like Reptile . Same thing , new package . There 's no question that Clapton is talented guitarist -LRB- wildly overrated , but talented -RRB- and still fairly interesting for the 40 + set who still think he 's `` groovy '' much in the way the previous generation thought Liberace was `` one hep cat . '' Aside from the well-executed Son & Sylvia , this is a fairly predictable , paint-by-numbers exercise.If you do n't have a lot of exposure to Clapton , do yourself a favor and check him out in his prime -LRB- 30 years ago folks ! -RRB- with Derek and the Dominos during the `` Layla '' era or 461 Ocean Blvd. . There 's a lot of great Clapton out there . Virtually all of it is pre-1980 .
 I think the first track `` reptile '' sets the pace for the entire cd . Very slow moving , no continuity and sooooo pop ! There are only about 4 good songs on this cd . I actually would skip past tracks after hearing the first few minutes . Pilgrim was bad and this one is more of the same . This really saddens me as I 'm a die-hard Clapton fan from the ' 60 's .
 Almost everything on this album mirrors something he has put out since 1989 's ` Jouneryman ' . Light acoustic , some blues , r & b a little rock . Echos of his 70 's output resound here . I suppose the addition of the Impressions can be considered new.I have been a fan of Clapton for nearly twenty years now . And one thing that he has consistantly said about when people want to hear him plug in a Les Paul and crank the amps ala the Cream days , his response is `` I 've done that already . '' Well Mr Clapton , you 've done the acoustic , r & b , easy listening rock before also , yet you still put it out -LRB- as evidenced by this album -RRB- . If you consider yourself largely a blues guitarist , then lets stick with that .
 Although an opera lover , I have never been a big Traviata fan . This production did not help . The decor is cold , and the acting only decent . I much prefer the Zeffirelli -LRB- film -RRB- version -LRB- cond . Levine -RRB- .
 On her web site , the first words you see is `` World 's Greatest Living Soprano '' . Unless I am missing something , some of the world greatest are still alive . This attitude now permiates everything Angela Gheorghiu does . Her acting is all about saying to the world `` look at me , are n't I perfect ? '' There 's an awful lack of any real feeling to her singing AND acting , everything is `` plastic '' , just like in the world of pop music . The singing itself is breathy ; `` Semre Libera '' is just chirpy , with weird facial expressions added . Yes , Angela is an attractive woman , but that 's really about it . Try to for a moment to take a sober look at her performance itself , without being dazzled by good looks alone and you will see . Besides , she looks way too healthy on `` deathbed '' it 's laughable . There are plenty of great Violettas recorded -LRB- just listen to Cortubas -RRB- or taped -LRB- Stratas -RRB- . NONE -LRB- even a real diva Maria Callas -RRB- added so much arrogance to this role , Violetta is supposed to be vulnerable -LRB- ! -RRB- . Frank Lopardo does a better job , but his lackluster middle register makes Alfredo sound rather dull , his acting is quite stiff , particularly set against wind-up toy movements of Gheorghiu . Leo Nucci is an okay Germont-per &eacute; . His essentially lyric baritone does not have the weight and authority of an old , callous entirely unpleasant character ; he comes across more as a disillusioned romantic.The real star of this performance is the late Sir Georg Solti . Even though Gheorghiu in her recent interview claimed that he just let her do her thing , he actually balanced and directed the performance with a firm hand . Of course , Kleiber , for instance , brought our more nuance , but Solti managed to enliven what would otherwise be a rather dull number.Final note , when an artist this young aspires to be the `` word 's greatest '' by simply wearing this title on her chest , it tends to take away a lot from the artistry itself . There are plenty of young sopranos with great voices -LRB- Voight , Dessay , Eaglen , to name just a few -RRB- that prefer to simply do their work well . Their music is their passion . For Gheorghiu , she herself is her passion . Neither the music , nor the audience benefits much from that .
 Please buy the Netrebko 's Traviata and after we 'll see who is Violetta . In this ROH production Sir Georg Solti and the orchestra are the only important issue . The singers , including sets and costumes contributes to make this Traviata a common one . Gheorghiu always looks and acts nervous and not relaxed at all , the same as in her Elisir with Alagna . The rest of the cast are acceptable in their singing and acting but only that . The stars are for Sir Georg Solti.IF YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE A TRAVIATA TO BUY , THIS IS NOT THE ONE AT ALL . NOT EVEN FREE
 I 'm trying assist this famous video because this musical theme is lovely to me . Infortunetely I live in Brazil , to much distant of EUA ...
 In movies , the dance clubs of the future always seem to be industrial clubs - wild affairs where cyber-vampires have one facial expression
 In 2007 , there were two Kinks catalog Japan mini-sleeve releases , one in July and another in September . The July release were JVC K2HD remastered discs . Chronologically , these started at `` Muswell Hillbillies '' and continued thru the end of the Kinks catalog.However , the September release , and this is despite the text of at least one Japanese on-line retailer , are NOT JVC or K2/K2HD remastered discs . These were issued by BMG . The discs themselves have a `` Made In Hong Kong '' stamp on the inner ring.The BMG titles are
 You have to have a very open ear to music if you plan to buy this album . The first song I heard from this album was `` Famine Ghost '' a good rock/pop rock song . I had high hopes when I finally bought the album.The song I sampled was nothing like the rest of the album . While listening to it I felt bored and felt that the songs just ran together.It just was n't my cup of tea , I reccomend downloading a few songs off of it first before you decide to buy .
 I realize I may get a few `` unhepfuls '' for this one , but ... Substrata 2 is SO not like the original `` Substrata '' by Geir Jennsen . Disc 2 is rife with bent pitches and creepy minor chords that pang strongly of The Blair Witch Project and work by Vidna Obmana , just really eerie and dark . There album is void of melody and left me totally creeped out , and therefore , I can not listen to it again . I understand that some people may not agree with me , and I am cool with that , but I am disappointed . The only redeeming quality of this album is that Substrata Disc 1 is included , which is much better than V. 2 , `` Man with a Camera '' . Now if you want to talk about a really GOOD Biosphere album , then I highly recommend `` Microgravity '' which is a much better representation of the Mr. Jennsen 's talent and full of upbeat , contemporary and futuristic melodies . Much , much better . I respect your right to disagree , but disc 2 was too creepy for me .
 How did I get suckered into buying the trash ?? Normaly I like ambiant CDs . Such as Steve Roach or ... hell any one else other then this bunk . To me it sounded like the sound trak to a student film , a bad student film ... a second graid student . Just a colection of random noises and a few wisps of music every so offten . I did n't find this relaxing in any respect . From the reviews I read , I thought it have more of the ambiant qualitys of Michael Shrieve . I would recomend any thing by Phillip Glass or Patrick Hearn . I know alot of people realy liked this , and I 'm alone , -LRB- * see how many think my reveiw is wrong . -RRB- but realy , this was just boring . This may have been what others found relaxing , but , for me , this was a dud .
 believe me when i say that i am a fan of fusion and definitely a fan of the band blood sweat and tears , which the brecker brothers played in prior to this release . i am a huge fan of early seventies jazz fusion , such as herbie hancock 's headhunters and miles davis ' tribute to jack johnson , so i 'm no stranger to the genre . . maybe the previous reviewers have already been exposed to the brecker brothers music and had a predisposed tendency to like this more than i.imho , i can not honestly tell you that this is a five star album as it has been unanimously rated here on amazon . i had read all these reviews and i guess my expectations fell way short .
 Another example of self-indulgent , easy-listening , adult contemporary junk , along with Material 's Hallucination Engine . Bought them through Amazon and traded them the same day I got them in the mail . Abismally dissapointed , ` nuff said ...
 ... really this is . whoever is a fan of dub . dont bother . the man who dubbed this was laughing at Mishka all the way . his method of turning tunes to dub is worse than a 10 year old . he merely echoes the vocals ... in that - they only repeat the last word of sentences over and over and OVER ... without actually ` echoing ' the sound , such as in the works of coxone , tubby or pablo . and the DRUMS !!! terrible .
 I am indeed a Saga fan , but this album is very poor . I could only find 2 songs I liked -LRB- `` That 's how we like it '' and `` We 'll meet again '' -RRB- . The rest of the songs simply show extremely poor composition and a severe lack of inovation , which is what progressive rock is supposed to be all about.There simply is no substitute for `` Worlds Apart '' and `` Heads or Tails '' as far as Saga goes .
 How can anyone like this garbage ? I just listened to the song Money Talks with a few friends and we agreed that it was one of the poorest written songs we 've ever heard . The overuse of keyboards sounds like something out of a bad video game , only with lots of rainbows and flowers and stuff . But the vocals , man , the VOCALS ! The guy sounded like he was getting pleasure from discussing the way that money talks to him and he does what it wants ! Sounds like he 's looking for a profession in the red light district if you ask me . Howabout they take time off and never get caught ... it 's all part of the game ! In fact , take a lot of time off . In fact , stop ripping off Marillion with a touch of RuPaul and Prince and never write another album again !
 1 . As per my other Makoto Ozone reviews , I kind of know what I 'm talking about because I have almost every album this guy has produced . Obviously this is a opinion of mine , but his earlier work clearly surpasses all of his more recent output -LRB- ie everything since ... Nature Boys -RRB- . Without a doubt , all of his work with this trio has been just so average . Obviously the music is n't horrid ; all of these guys are pros . But the music is just so canned and stereotypical ; so unlike what Makoto Ozone is capable of and what he has produced in the past . It 's just sad to see how such a talented musician can output such bland material .2 . Suggestion
 Different World has to be considered one of the most disappointing albums in Uriah Heep history , especially in light of the other three spectacular albums the current line-up has done . Although not awful , the songs are going-through-the-motions rockers with little imagination or innovations and an alarming vacuity of ideas . A Uriah Heep album of any era almost always has one or two great songs on it , songs that grab your attention and make you go `` wow ! '' and go on to become classics . No such songs are really on Different World . In fact , many of the songs are indistinguishable from each other , which just does n't happen on most other Uriah Heep albums . The production , too , is a big comedown from the previous album Raging Silence -LRB- although it is somewhat improved in the remaster -RRB- . If you 're looking for modern Heep and are n't a completist , get one of the other albums by the current line-up instead .
 I purchased this sound track because because of a particular song which I did n't know the name to . I thought it would be in the soundtrack but no it was n't . I did even hear samples of the songs but was confused by the Balloon Escape song , I thought that was the song I was looking for . I now know it 's Lou Reed 's song called `` Rouge '' on his Ecstasy album . The other cuban sounding songs are pretty cool actually but I do n't really listen to it . You should get this if you are mainly interested in the cuban music -LRB- that 's what I `` m calling it -RRB- that is played in the movie .
 Julian Schnabel ultilized much more music than this osundtrack provides . Two essential missing pieces : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the police raid of the fiesta -LRB- the one which Javier 's tour guide friend takes him to -RRB- contains a three minute montage to the adaigetto of Mahler 's 5th symphony -LRB- which is by the way , a very banal and naive use of music -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The music depicting the sea and Javier 's disasterious flight from Cuba on the makeshift raft is lifted from Popol Vuh 's original soundtrack to Werner Herzog 's `` Aguire the Wrath of God '' . In fact , Schnabel shamelessly copies Herzog 's use of the music - to depict the enorminty of nature compared to miniscue man.Final word , this film is too sappy - Schnabel is not humble enough , because his craft remains weak .
 Although I do n't usually write negative reviews , I think this item is more than deserving . To begin , this is the only soundtrack you can buy ; while most movies have an original score and a various artist album -LRB- when applicable -RRB- , both are truncated into this single volume . Much of the various artist music is available , but only two original pieces are presented , one with Javier Bardem speaking as Reinaldo Areanas in Spanish -LRB- the scene in the movie in the cab in New York -RRB- , a memorable monolouge indeed , but it does n't fit on the soundtrack.The only real problem is that this one volume edition listed as an original soundtrack is not comprehensive and mostly unoriginal .
 The soundtrack really does n't hold up without the visual . It 's not a convincing representation of what was being listened to in Cuba at the time . No Mirta y Raul , no Annia Linares , no Son 14 , no Ritmo Oriental , no Van Van .
 I HATE TO BURST ALL YALL 'S BUBBLES , BUT I WAS NOT REALLY IMPRESSED WITH THIS ONE . GRANTED , I GIVE IT CREDIT FOR BEING EXPERIMENTAL AND I ADMIT THERE IS SOME FINE MUSICIANSHIP TO BE HEARD , BUT TURNTABLE SCRATCHING AND CHEAP SAMPLING RUIN ANY ATTEMPT OF ARTISTIC EXPRESSION . THERE ARE SOME PARTS THAT I LIKE , BUT MOST OF THIS DISK IS UTTER RUBBISH ... . THE COMPOSITIONS ARE WEAK , THE SCANT VOCALS ... , THE SOUND IS CHEESY , AND MOST OF THE MATERIAL IS NEITHER INSPIRED NORCREATIVE ... . IF YOU WANT POOR , HEAVILY - SYNTHHESIZED MUSIC FURTHER RUINED BY STUDIO GADGETRY , THIS IS FOR YOU . BUCKETHEAD IS HOWEVER AN EXCELLENT GUITARIST , BUT HE NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO MAKE IT SOUND LIKE A GUITAR INSTEAD OF A POWERDRILL .
 Julio has some great Spanish songs that I always love to listen to.This CD did n't really impress me much as it 's mostly work of other singers.Also as a peronsol preference , I like to hear Julio singing Spanish or even French but not English!So , this CD was not for me !
 A friend recommended this to me , but it 's way too middle of the road . I 'll put it on shuffle for the background music I listen to while at the office , where I do n't want music that draws attention to itself or makes me think . Would n't really recommend . Theres not much that makes this special or memorable .
 No question that Lovano is a major contemporary figure , he 's earned that through a series of marvelous records . This is a major disappointment though , nothing at all like the superb Trio Fascination Vol . 1 . The problem lies in the conception - the various ensembles deny the CD any focus whatsoever , the number of tracks with each group means that there is no room -LSB- time -RSB- for a good exploration of the best parts , and the personnel choices are not ideal . One would expect Lovano and Dave Douglas to combust , but they play past each other , Billy Drewes is as thin-sounding and meaningless as usual , and Joe himself plays drums on several tracks , in order to provide the proper instrumentation within the guidelines of a trio , and Joe is simply not good at it . Skip it , especially if you 're a fan .
 This CD represents a westerners wet dream look at Gnawa music . It has little to do with hardcore Gnawa
 I HATE TO BURST ALL YALL 'S BUBBLES , BUT I WAS NOT REALLY IMPRESSED WITH THIS ONE . GRANTED , I GIVE IT CREDIT FOR BEING EXPERIMENTAL AND I ADMIT THERE IS SOME FINE MUSICIANSHIP TO BE HEARD , BUT TURNTABLE SCRATCHING AND CHEAP SAMPLING RUIN ANY ATTEMPT OF ARTISTIC EXPRESSION . THERE ARE SOME PARTS THAT I LIKE , BUT MOST OF THIS DISK IS UTTER RUBBISH ... . THE COMPOSITIONS ARE WEAK , THE SCANT VOCALS ... , THE SOUND IS CHEESY , AND MOST OF THE MATERIAL IS NEITHER INSPIRED NORCREATIVE ... . IF YOU WANT POOR , HEAVILY - SYNTHHESIZED MUSIC FURTHER RUINED BY STUDIO GADGETRY , THIS IS FOR YOU . BUCKETHEAD IS HOWEVER AN EXCELLENT GUITARIST , BUT HE NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO MAKE IT SOUND LIKE A GUITAR INSTEAD OF A POWERDRILL .
 I love Icon of Coil 's first album -LRB- Serenity is the Devil -RRB- , but felt they declined a bit with each album . What I like about them is they generally supply driving EBM with clean vocals . This is a remix album comprised of mixes of tracks from their first 2 albums . Unfortunately , only 2 or 3 of the 12 remixes are any good , the rest generally lack in creativity or talent . Also , the 2 new tracks are pretty worthless .
 In the leaflet accompanying the CD he mentions how he was `` inspired '' by the improvisational parts of `` Light My Fire '' by the `` great band '' The Doors.Enough said.Convulsing with laughter as I slowly and carefully returned the CD to the rack ... -LRB- had to make sure I was n't contaminated by it ... -RRB- ... I just had to tell you folks ... If you think California Merlot is `` good '' wine , if you eat your salad first , if you think Meryl Streep is a good actress , if you think Ansel Adams is a great photographer , if you think James Cameron is a good director , if you read Stephen King or James Patterson novels , well then this is the CD for you!Hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ... . hah hah ... hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ... Oh please stop , ye ' r killin ' me ! ... Hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ... . hah hah ... hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ... This is to music what sushi is to tires ... Hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ... . hah hah ... hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ... Mr Winston is to be complimented for providing such an inviting target . Work as delightfully inept as this is so wonderful to find . He is utterly unaware of any European music , it seems . He needs to listen to the work of the keyboard player and composer Vittorio Nocenzi -LRB- founder of the Italian progressive rock band Banco del Mutuo Soccorso -RRB- . Then he would understand that he should never , ever , touch a piano again , and most especially , never write another word about music.Visiting his website , I notice he has a section on `` influences '' containing a selection of recommended recordings . Not one European artist appears in this `` selection '' . He appears to be just the usual insufferable New Ager , with a smattering of American and Oriental influences.Inane , pointless dreck . Closely resembles narcosis.This is the man who almost single-handed invented the soulless , horrid New Age genre.How did we come to this ? Ours is truly a degenerate age.Just what we need
 I was n't pleased . I bought two . One was for a gift , after I 'd read a write-up in a magazine praising the album . I did n't give the other and donated both to a charitable resale shop .
 This recording made live at Carnegie Hall is just not as exciting as I thought it would be . It 's great material . Judy is at the height of her powers . The band is outstanding . The audience adores her . And yet ... We do have the studio recordings and some other live recordings.Our Judy is eternal !
 This historic event in Garland 's career is a must have for rabid fans , but these CDs do not feature Garland 's voice at its best . I felt embarrassed for her just listening to her voice fail to hit the right notes on so many songs , not to mention she sounds very raspy throughout . The last four or five songs are the best -LRB- she had over an hour to warm up , I guess -RRB- . After hearing all the hype , I really wanted to buy the gold edition when it came out some months ago . The $ 40 or so seemed too steep for me , until I recently received a gift certificate to Tower Records .
 The one star rating is just to get your attention . I am a 25-year-old straight male who loves good music . This recording is Mount Everest for the music world . I do n't know what else to say about it . It is the limit . And the quality of this newly remastered release it unparalleled .
 I remember listening to this album in college in the 60 's . It wowed me then . Not now . It seems so un-rehearsed . So many pauses for the band to come upstage , for Judy to determine what the next song is , etc etc. . Disappointing . Should n't mess with great memories , I guess .
 I 'm sorry but this stuff is boring . The orchestration , songs , tempo and pacing is so fifties it 's madding . It 's 1961 but Judy 's voice had allot of vibrato and had lowered in range and register by then.As she was at the 40 year old mark it 's understandable -LRB- passing at 47 -RRB- . It did n't help adding in the drugs and physical problems.Much better recordings are the ` The Capital Recordings ' 1955-1965 , her pipes were working well and she was sounding sensational in this time and environment .
 I love Billy Idol as much as anyone but I refuse to buy yet another re-packaging of his work . Why ? Because as long as we keep shelling out money for stuff he did twenty years ago , he does n't have to release any new material ! Apparently that 's not all his fault because he 's been getting bounced around from major labels . Hopefully he 'll come to his senses and sign with an Indie label who will take him seriously . If I sound angry folks , it 's because I also just shelled out good money for the Rebel Yell `` Re-master '' which was a royal rip-off ! So go ahead and buy this if you want to let Billy continue to waste his talent . But if you want to send a message that it 's time -LRB- after 8 years ! -RRB- for new music than wait for him to earn your money . Come on Billy , get back with Steve Stevens and re-claim your place in Rock ! If he would go back to his mid-80 's sound he could be huge again . THEN maybe it would be more appropriate to release a Greatest Hits . As far as collection of songs , well that 's worthy of 5 stars , but then we knew that when Reagan was still President .
 Very dissapointed as I have not received my shipment . Nor am I able to track it on this website as it does not tell me with which company the CD was shipped.So the fact that I have not recieved this shipment means I can 's comment on teh product
 One sad music CD . Just 10 Tracks and all of 23 minutes of 1950 's style of music . Good grief . I could n't dislike this anymore . Remember 1953 's big hit ` Hey Joe ' by Carl Smith?Its worth $ 2.99 , Maybe .
 sorry i used to love blink 182 but then i got into THE MISFITS and DANZIG and to put it into short terms they 're not punk enough for they are to much like pop groups
 This album should have been a good indication to everyone that they suck , but they got popular anyway .
 Everything by Blink 182 is outstanding and if you like Enema of the State and you want to hear more go out and buy Cheshire Cat . People say that they are a sell out but so what , they are cool guys who make cool music . The best songs on this is Carousel and Romeo and Rebecca BLINK IS THE GREATEST
 I love blink . I have their 4 most recent cd 's so i decided to check out the old stuff . The vocals are terrible if you are familiar with the new blink . If you want to listen to blink buy enema of the state , the new cd , or my favorite take off your pants and jacket
 Well what can I say about it , it 's not the best punk cd out there and their voices are n't developed as u can tell on their other cds . I would n't buy it if u r just getting into them , Get Enema of The State first to see what they are capable of then maybe this cd if u still want to try it .
 Blink-182 is an overrated band altogether , but their old stuff is especially overrated . Every song sounds EXACTLY the same . No memorable riffs or creativity . Vocals are typical punk shmuck , and at times sound off-tune . The actual difficulty of the musicianship is remarkable -LRB- especially the drums -RRB- , but whats the use if you cant write good songs ? If you like this CD , I appreciate that , but I guess I just prefer bands with more musical styles and creativity ...
 That 's right this is their best and it 's only getting 2 stars . You know back when the Ramones did the punk thing , I 'm sure they would n't have if they new crud like this would be spawned form their invention . Blink 182 are a bunch of immature , unfunny , untalented losers , who said themselves that they are only in it for the money and the girls . Not the kids , just the materialistic stuff . All the bathroom humor is getting really old . It 's no longer funny . Do n't even get me started on their live shows . The guys ca n't sing at all and whatever glimmer of talent they do have is studio produced . This sounds worse then you sunday school band playing hymns . Seriously . Oh and the voice , the whiney and annoying voice that is like experiencing fingernails scraped across a chalk board . YES it 's that bad . This is the closet these guys ever got to being pop-punk , but then turned to Nsync with instruments . Whiney , lamebrain posers , and MTV will eat this up . It 's another stupid trend .
 i put this cd into my cd player the second i got home from the cd store.as soon as i pressed play , my cd player blew up and burned down my house
 If at once you are able to listen to this album without having the urge to deystroy yourself , then you will immediately become lost in the bitter , soupy mash created by the whining and toneless guitars and the constantly banging drums . I promise to you that they repeatedly took the same drum track and used it over and over for each song . I wish I never heard this album because of the scarring effect that it caused me . Listen to God , not Blink 182
 all the songs are almost exactly the same . i have to put my cd player on high to actually hear something . real bad recording ! get any blink cd after dude ranch .
 taylor from manchester u r wrong dashboard is awesome so leave chris alone and go listen to your meaningless crap known as blink 182
 Blink 182 are NOT sellouts because they NEVER WERE punk , even though this CD in particular sounds punk , it is n't . Punk is raw , pissed off , anti-government music that truely rocks . This entire CD is a rip off of the Casualties , a real street punk band . It was so obvious that Blink actually had to TRY to sound punk , when it would be natural for real punk bands to sound punk . And being a sellout does n't mean you have more success -LRB- Nirvana 's 2nd album was very successful , and then they went back to the old sound -RRB- , being a sellout means you lost your ways , your values . Blink , much like Green Day seem to have the same misguided ideology that `` punk is n't violent , it 's about peace '' , hippies were for peace , not punks ! Besides , hippies did n't truely believe it , most were drunken drug addicts , much like true punks .
 Cheshire Cat sucks bad . It is so not worth the money . It should cost three pennys its so bad . Do n't even think about buying it .
 face it blink-182 soldout this cd sucks there is a band out there better than this band they are called shootyz groove and they rock . There the jive of this world not this one year old band .
 This is by far the worst bootleg I have had the misfortune of listening to . And I collect bootlegs ! I only gave it 1 star because they do n't have zero star ratings.And I do believe this is a bootleg release . I highly doubt Perry and Co. are getting their percentages out of the sale of this thing.The audio quality is POOR . Not just poor , but the WORST . The vocals are unintelligible . The guitar solos are only audible when Dave hits a high note and it cuts through the garbled noise.The songs are not rare either . The `` soundcheck '' half of the disc is basically the band playing Had A Dad , but it 's Had A Dad with very bad track markers.I think the individuals responsible for selling this # 1 do not know the songs , # 2 do not know Jane 's Addiction , and # 3 do n't care who gets ripped off from buying it .
 The only reason anyone should buy this CD is if you 're that much of a die-hard Jane 's Addiction fan , and the historical archive makes it worth purchasing in some extreme form of completism . This CD sounds awful , bottomline . I really hate to see great bands get their legacies trampled over . Jane 's knew how to go out with a bang , rather than fizzle out and make sub par records , they went out in a blaze of glory with Ritual an amazing swan song . Followed by the first Lollapalooza , originally conceived of as an elaborate farewell tour . It 's ridiculous reunions , new albums -LRB- without Eric Avery ? , ever notice that every Jane 's song is written around a bass line -RRB- , and poor quality re-issues such as this that damage the legacy of a great band .
 This CD is a live recording of Jane 's Addictions first show . The sound quality is just dreadful and makes the disc practically unbearable to listen to . It is an interesting peek into the bands infancy , but this is not a CD you will play frequently.When this disc came out , many thought it was a bootleg because it was a live recording not put out by either Warner Brothers or Triple-X records . However , this is a legitimate release by Eye Scream records . This was apparently released with the blessing of Perry Farrell himself . I am assuming it was either recorded too early for Warner Brothers to have the right to it , or the quality was so low that Warner Brothers did n't have any interest in it.Unfortunately , the disc just does n't live up to the price it is commonly sold for . The sound for Had A Dad cuts out in a number of places and is spread across several tracks ; it is really hard to tell if it is coming or going .
 If this is the same Barnyard Ballers as the band that pened `` turned my liquer store into a church '' back inthe mid 90s on their original release than it is a serious step down . Look for earlier material .
 My expectations were probably too high but I 'm strongly disappointed with this album . Main reason is different -LRB- and much worse imo -RRB- female singer . Her vocals are either annoying or boring . . depends on song . Reminds me of Snake River Conspiracy singer , and that 's not good.But there are still few good songs on here -LRB- haven , epiphany ... -RRB- Viral Extinction is still the best so far ...
 ` Elementary ' may be a lot of things
 In a nutshell , The End shed all their technical proficiency and decided to be an ambient emo band . For emo , its really good music . But coming from their beginnings , this is a severe disappointment . When Transfer Trachea Reverberations From Point
 As a fan of the Seasons ... my Dad drove me all over to see them play in concert , this is probably one of the weakest recordings ever done by the band . Frankie 's voice is gone , clearly augmented by the back up group known as the `` Seasons '' . The mixing clearly lowers Frankie 's microphone so as not to make his voice the main voice.That it is only 76 minutes in length is a bigger dissapointment . How can 30 years -LRB- At the time -RRB- of material be whittled down to only 76 minutes . Too many great songs left off the set , which could have been added had they dropped the lame 50 's doo-wop stuff.I 'd rather see a documentary on the history of the group , including t.v. performances and other concert film from their prime . The Seasons have gone through more line-up changes than Yes . If they really want to do a reunion , cure Gaudio 's stagefright , make amends with Joe Long and dust off Tommy DeVitto 's guitar.On the plus side , I think Larry Lingle won Mullet of the Year Award for that hair style !
 That 's right this is their best and it 's only getting 2 stars . You know back when the Ramones did the punk thing , I 'm sure they would n't have if they new crud like this would be spawned form their invention . Blink 182 are a bunch of immature , unfunny , untalented losers , who said themselves that they are only in it for the money and the girls . Not the kids , just the materialistic stuff . All the bathroom humor is getting really old . It 's no longer funny . Do n't even get me started on their live shows . The guys ca n't sing at all and whatever glimmer of talent they do have is studio produced . This sounds worse then you sunday school band playing hymns . Seriously . Oh and the voice , the whiney and annoying voice that is like experiencing fingernails scraped across a chalk board . YES it 's that bad . This is the closet these guys ever got to being pop-punk , but then turned to Nsync with instruments . Whiney , lamebrain posers , and MTV will eat this up . It 's another stupid trend .
 i put this cd into my cd player the second i got home from the cd store.as soon as i pressed play , my cd player blew up and burned down my house
 If at once you are able to listen to this album without having the urge to deystroy yourself , then you will immediately become lost in the bitter , soupy mash created by the whining and toneless guitars and the constantly banging drums . I promise to you that they repeatedly took the same drum track and used it over and over for each song . I wish I never heard this album because of the scarring effect that it caused me . Listen to God , not Blink 182
 all the songs are almost exactly the same . i have to put my cd player on high to actually hear something . real bad recording ! get any blink cd after dude ranch .
 taylor from manchester u r wrong dashboard is awesome so leave chris alone and go listen to your meaningless crap known as blink 182
 Blink 182 are NOT sellouts because they NEVER WERE punk , even though this CD in particular sounds punk , it is n't . Punk is raw , pissed off , anti-government music that truely rocks . This entire CD is a rip off of the Casualties , a real street punk band . It was so obvious that Blink actually had to TRY to sound punk , when it would be natural for real punk bands to sound punk . And being a sellout does n't mean you have more success -LRB- Nirvana 's 2nd album was very successful , and then they went back to the old sound -RRB- , being a sellout means you lost your ways , your values . Blink , much like Green Day seem to have the same misguided ideology that `` punk is n't violent , it 's about peace '' , hippies were for peace , not punks ! Besides , hippies did n't truely believe it , most were drunken drug addicts , much like true punks .
 Cheshire Cat sucks bad . It is so not worth the money . It should cost three pennys its so bad . Do n't even think about buying it .
 face it blink-182 soldout this cd sucks there is a band out there better than this band they are called shootyz groove and they rock . There the jive of this world not this one year old band .
 sorry i used to love blink 182 but then i got into THE MISFITS and DANZIG and to put it into short terms they 're not punk enough for they are to much like pop groups
 This album should have been a good indication to everyone that they suck , but they got popular anyway .
 Everything by Blink 182 is outstanding and if you like Enema of the State and you want to hear more go out and buy Cheshire Cat . People say that they are a sell out but so what , they are cool guys who make cool music . The best songs on this is Carousel and Romeo and Rebecca BLINK IS THE GREATEST
 I love blink . I have their 4 most recent cd 's so i decided to check out the old stuff . The vocals are terrible if you are familiar with the new blink . If you want to listen to blink buy enema of the state , the new cd , or my favorite take off your pants and jacket
 Well what can I say about it , it 's not the best punk cd out there and their voices are n't developed as u can tell on their other cds . I would n't buy it if u r just getting into them , Get Enema of The State first to see what they are capable of then maybe this cd if u still want to try it .
 Blink-182 is an overrated band altogether , but their old stuff is especially overrated . Every song sounds EXACTLY the same . No memorable riffs or creativity . Vocals are typical punk shmuck , and at times sound off-tune . The actual difficulty of the musicianship is remarkable -LRB- especially the drums -RRB- , but whats the use if you cant write good songs ? If you like this CD , I appreciate that , but I guess I just prefer bands with more musical styles and creativity ...
 Be warned before you buy this DVD that there is NO film footage of George Harrison -LRB- or any of the Beatles -RRB- in this documentary . It consists entirely of interviews with a few of the people of Benton , Illinois who met George on his first visit to the states to see his sister in 1963 , just before the Beatles hit it big in the states.The film gets off to a promising start with an interview with the first DJ to play a Beatle 's record in North America . This DJ also interviewed George on her radio show during his visit . She says that during her interview of George , George 's brother Pete took home-movies . Sadly for this film neither a recording of her radio interview , nor the home footage is shown.The film then documents the efforts to save the house formerly owned by Lou Harrison -LRB- George 's sister -RRB- and turn it into a bed and breakfast for the enjoyment of tourists and Beatlephiles . The interviews with Lou are fun , -LRB- she is very charming -RRB- but would only be interesting to those who find the most trivial of Beatle minutia to be of any value.This could have been a fairly interesting documentary in the proper hands . Even a small amount of Beatle footage would have helped . As it stands , it is very amateurish and tedious .
 Where is George ? There is no film footage ! a couple of snap shots and people we do n't know tell us how George visited their town all those years ago . I would n't give 50 cents had I known . P.S. on the rating scale , this one deserves minus zero .
 George Harrison 's visit to Benton , Illinois , just months before the Beatles broke through in the U.S. is a fascinating story , but you would n't know it by watching this film . The movie is nearly unwatchable with long , uncut interviews , few cutaway shots , poor audio , and jittery video . This subject deserves much better treatment .
 Looks like someone made this with their home-video camera . Beware of the suspiciously glowing reviews included here on Amazon -- I can only believe they were written by the `` film 's '' creator or close relatives , or someone he owes money to who is trying to boost sales . If you absolutely must see this doc , rent it on Netflix .
 I do n't want to be mean BUT . . I spent my hard-earned money on this thing and it 's horribly boring . This video does not include your interest regarding the subject ; it should be better . Save your money and buy the Pete Best Beatle video or an All Starr DVD instead . Profoundly disappointing .
 WOW ... I have never been so dissapointed about a DVD purchase in my life . This film is about a big Beatles fan going around and talking to people who saw George on the street before he got big . The questions during these boring interview are pointless and I bet he paid these people to participate in the film . Camera work is awful and it is all shot in about 1980 . Do not purchase ... is my opinion .
 Sonny Sharrock 's playing on this sounds like Santana . Too fusion-y for my taste . Try Black Woman - his crazy , spiritual , spazz out for not only his best , but one of the greatest albums ever .
 Wow ! What a horrible album ! Its tracks are filled with a bunch of predictable outcomes and very cheesy vocals . The only two tunes that I have found to be interesting were Eleven and Sydney . Eleven is actually my favourite tune . Gabriel & Dresden had the potential as they made some quality productions - although most of them were a bit too commercial , but still quility - throughout years 2002-2004 . Then they released the awesome , their best in my opinion , track Arcadia . After the release of Arcadia , I just thought it could n't get better than this - an awsome production without any of that cheesiness that you would find in their earlier works . But the reality was that from that point on it just went downhill for these two . And this album just proves it . All of these tracks are well done and finished , but too finished and too uncreative . It actually did n't surprise me after hearing their Essential Mix back in spring . Basically they have great production skills but absolutely no ideas . I would recommend just buying track Eleven on 12 '' or mp3 .
 I was really disappointed in this cd . I was expecting the same type of music on the Bloom cd . This was more vocals and slow songs . I was expecting some great techno .
 Let me preface this by saying I 'm a Celtic Thunder fan and I eagerly pre-ordered this DVD two months in advance.Either someone 's kid put this DVD together as a school project or the Celtic Thunder organization needed a quick infusion of cash . ` Take Me Home ' could not have been produced with the idea of showcasing Celtic Thunder in the best possible light , unless you think the migraine-inducing blue haze of this hastily assembled production is complimentary . On top of the choppy transitions , strange camera angles and dreadful edits , the CT members often seem bored and tired . Their voices are ragged in places and for the most part they lack energy and enthusiasm . Perhaps it is because they 've been singing the same numbers for nearly two years or maybe because the newer additions are poorly chosen . George singing ' 500 Miles ' in a tux ? Weird . Paul doing ` You Raise Me Up ' ? Done to death . And then there 's Damian . Poor Damian . His voice has dropped into his socks and he must be six feet tall but still they dress him in sneakers with his suits like a 12-year-old altar boy and have him sing songs charting his passage through adolescence . His past and present numbers remind us that he has fallen in love , turned 16 and broken up with his girlfriend . Does this mean we will have to endure a cringe-worthy version of ` Tonight 's the Night ' on the next tour ? Perhaps the CT producers should stop trying to shoehorn Damian 's image into a preconceived stage persona and just let him sing material befitting his vocal talent . He 's a handsome young man with a rich deep voice . Spare us this slightly hipper Celtic version of the Lawrence Welk Show and just let the boy belt a few ballads.I would have given ` Take Me Home ' a higher rating if the DVD had included bonus material such as an interview , a view of backstage preparations or even a personally guided tour of the CT bus . It would have helped me feel I 'd gotten my moneys worth by giving me something I did n't already have . Instead I got a rehashed concert video that was marketed , not because it was worth buying , but because it was considered an easy sell .
 I Love Ct but when i got this dvd it was ruined the picture was shaking all around and you could not watch it at all . But the plus side is the sound is wonderful . I also have the cd which it awesome . I had to purchase a new one and hope that is it not the same way .
 This is just a repeat of past music they have made . Nothing New . I 've heard better stuff on American Idol . They must not have any song writers for the group . All they do take songs from other people and re-record them , plus none of the songs on this DVD are live . . all canned .
 The first DVD was excellent . This DVD is terrible . Although slightly entertaining , it did not look or sound as though it were professionally done . The audio was monotone - no volume change in singing emotions . This made the entire show boring to watch . Keith has a southern drawl in his sound and really is not as `` hot '' as he thinks he is . Teeny bopper songs were OK for Damian a couple of years ago but he 's a little too big for the `` Cutesy '' songs all the time , not to mention that his voice is getting too deep for it all . The follow-up DVD , `` It 's Entertainment '' , is a little better . It is more of a variety show setting , but the audio is still pretty much the same volume throughout . Losing the emotional feeling of the songs in the audio makes this DVD a total waste .
 The original is one of my all time favorites . `` Take Me Home ' is OK but the production standards are nowhere near as good . A mix of previous selections with a few new . Seems to me an attempt to capitalize on the success of the original .
 I love this group . Utter love . That 's why it was so depressing to see this production . As one reviewer said , it was like a bad college film maker tried . Camera quality is horrid , lighting is laughable , and they kept panning to the audience who seemed to be bathed in blacklight . I 'd much rather have the CD . I could n't bare to watch such horrible filming again .
 As I 've read in many reviews already , I was totally disappointed in this DVD . I have all of their other DVD 's and have played them over and over . I 'm not sure I 'd even play this one a 2nd time . The lighting and videography stunk ! The guys are terrific singers and entertainers and the look of this DVD was so awful , I could barely stand to watch it . Nothing new really except 2 songs by Damian and the band was also great , as usual . Whoever threw this one together made a lemon this time . The guys and their whole production crew -LRB- orchestra , musicians -RRB- as well as their fans deserve better ! I wish I had purchased the CD this time . I think DECCA needs to make this right and do a `` make-over '' on this one . I hope they never use that set again for any of their DVD concerts ... AWFUL , just AWFUL !!
 First off , let me start out by saying that I LOVE , LOVE Celtic Thunder . I 'm a devoted fan . I own their first DVD , as well as their CD , and I 've practically worn both out from playing them so many times.This DVD , however , was a big disappointment in so many ways that it 's hard to even know where to begin . For one thing , it was mostly the same material from the first DVD . Same set , same blue lighting , same choreography , and with far too few exceptions , the same songs.In fact , when the DVD started , and the camera began panning that stone , blue-lit set , with the same thunder sound effects , and the same voice intoning the speech about the `` sound of drums '' from Celtic Thunder 's debut DVD , I actually hit the pause button so I could look at the case again . I though I had accidentally purchased a copy of the debut DVD that I already own.I 'd have even been willing to tolerate all the repetition if there had been some great bonus material . New interviews or profiles of the performers . Footage of their homes and families . Candid behind-the-scenes stuff . Scenes from their tour . Anything . But this DVD does n't have a single bonus feature.But , by far , the worst part of this new DVD is how tired and unenthusiastic the guys seem . Their hearts are n't in their performances . There 's none of the spark and fire and excitement of the original . It 's sorely lacking that energy that made them so appealing in their first DVD.Ryan looks thin and haggard . His eyes keep darting around , and he 's missing his trademark intensity.Keith seems tired and apathetic . He looks like he 's done this show one time too many -LRB- or a hundred times too many -RRB- . It 's like watching a little boy who 's being forced to stand in a wedding.And poor Damien ... he 's obviously moved from childhood into young adulthood in this DVD , but he 's forced to do songs that are way too young for him and for his new , deep voice . Let the boy move on to more grown-up material!Even the musicians seem bored , listless , and tired.Only George and Paul seem to be having any fun , although even in them , you can sense some weariness.The only time they all seem to be genuinely smiling and happy is at the end of the very last song . It 's like they 're relieved the show is finally over!Other complaints
 I went wild for the first Celtic Thunder DVD , and I was unbearably disappointed in this one . George lost his dignity , Keith looked like he 'd rather be anywhere else , Ryan looks like he 's lost a ton of weight , Damien 's voice has changed and is lovely - but I prefer the younger version , and Paul was the only one who looked like he was having fun . There is way too much American folk and pop rock in it . You buy something `` Celtic '' you expect to hear Irish and Scots tunes . The delivery of the music is what it always is with these guys - amazing .
 Loved the guys in the first video , but this one was MUCH lower quality . I 've done a bit of video production -- so I looked with a very careful eye . As I watched I kept asking myself over and over , why did they do that shot or make that transition ? Did n't have any answer . Video production not very good . Then there was the audio quality . Mediocre at best . The content was mostly the same songs as on their first video.The boys seemed flat and tired . As I understand it , they were in the middle of a tour when this was shot as a live concert . They must have been too tired and needed a break from the tour.Finally , Damien who was the real star of their first video was about 16 when this was shot . When he matures a bit more , his voice will be amazing . When he was younger it was amazing . Right now , it is n't . A number of times his rich , now deep voice broke and crackled . No real problem on his part -- that is a normal part of being 16 . He may be a bit embarrassed when he gets older to listen to himself sing here . It looked as though every time he began singing , he had to pause a moment and realize that the voice he heard was actually his . Also , he like the rest of the boys was tired and listless while performing.I understand they recently shot a new video earlier this month -LRB- October , 2009 -RRB- . Save your money for the release of that video , If you do n't have their earlier video , get it NOW . Pass on this one .
 I am a lover of Celtic Thunder , I love every one of them , but I have to agree with the first review . I thought the dvd was a complete rush job and it clearly showed , after watching the first dvd they did , then watching this , is not only insulting but very disappointing as well . I would reccommend the first dvd NOT this this one . I sincerely hope their 3rd dvd `` Celtic Storm '' coming out in the Spring of 2010 -LRB- March -RRB- will re-enstate my love for these guys & show that the time and effort was taken into consideration for their fans
 I do not like this product and would like to return it . Oregon Public Broadcasting showed this same program before I opened this . It does not have any original songs or different songs than other DVD 's and CD 's by Celtic Thunder . Please let me know if I can return the unopened package .
 Stumbled onto this on PBS this weekend.what words to describe this concert `` performance '' ? Pap , treacle , schlock?A canned music , lip synched insult to real performers.Shame on PBS for it 's implicit support of this kind of commercial grade junk when true artists could be presented .
 I purchased Celtic Woman , Eastern Energy and Celtic Thunger 2 at the same time . The family heritage is Scotch/Irish . We have Tatoo , Riverdance ... all wonderful productions . This no talent nothing production was a rip off . We loved Eastern Energy -LRB- 12 girls band -RRB- and Celtic Woman . Showed this to my wife 's Parents who are Scoth/Irish and they were also very disappointed . If you are going to try this group get a different DVD than Celtic Thunder 2 . I have not nor will I see their other DVD 's so I can only comment on this one . I feel really plundered at the ridiculous price I paid . If I could return it I would . I will instead donate it to our local Library .
 Take Me HomeI pre ordered both the DVD and CD before they were released because we are enthralled with this group . My whole family was disappointed with the quality of this DVD -- the camera angles , poor sound quality , and the editing was horrid . I could n't believe the things that were not edited out which made this look like the group was just suffering through a performance with a bad crowd . They even showed one guy in the audience yawning . One member of CT made the comment , `` Come on Rama , you can do better than that ! '' when they were trying to involve the crowd . The guys seemed to have no energy or passion -LRB- overall -RRB- . I am surprised that someone involved with the groups image would approve the release of a DVD of this quality .
 Have n't cracked open the DVD and I 'm already disappointed . This was n't my favorite of their CDs , but I had some favorite songs that belonged to this particular performance and was looking forward to finally seeing `` Midnight Well '' , in particular , performed.I was very irritated when I saw on the back of the cover that there is no `` Midnight Well '' -- on of the best songs in Take Me Home -- nor `` Home of Donegal '' , nor `` Wichita Lineman '' . Basically , none of the newer songs I liked were there . HUGE disappointment . I feel like I rebought CELTIC THUNDER THE SHOW.Why release TAKE ME HOME if you 're going to leave out the best songs ? Especially since so many of the songs do n't belong to TAKE ME HOME but to CELTIC THUNDER THE SHOW?I would not have bought this DVD if there had been a decent song list . So here one is :1 -RRB- Heartland -LRB- on 1st DVD ; repeat -RRB- 2 -RRB- Castles in the Air -LRB- new -RRB- 3 -RRB- Yesterday 's Man -LRB- repeat -RRB- 4 -RRB- Breakfast Polka/Pennsylvania Railroad -LRB- new -RRB- 5 -RRB- Ride One -LRB- repeat -RRB- 6 -RRB- Come By the Hills -LRB- repeat -RRB- 7 -RRB- Love Thee Dearest -LRB- repeat -RRB- 8 -RRB- Raggle Taggle Gypsy -LRB- repeat -RRB- 9 -RRB- Desperado -LRB- repeat -RRB- 10 -RRB- Working Man -LRB- new -RRB- 11 -RRB- Danny Boy -LRB- new -RRB- 12 -RRB- The Island -LRB- repeat -RRB- 13 -RRB- A Bird Without Wings -LRB- repeat -RRB- 14 -RRB- Remember Me/Receurdame -LRB- repeat -RRB- 15 -RRB- Take Me Home -LRB- new -RRB- 16 -RRB- Heartbreaker -LRB- repeat -RRB- 17 -RRB- Nights in White Satin -LRB- repeat -RRB- 18 -RRB- Happy Birthday Sweet Sixteen -LRB- new -RRB- 19 -RRB- Lauren & I -LRB- repeat -RRB- 20 -RRB- Every Breath You Take -LRB- new -RRB- 21 -RRB- Steal Away -LRB- repeat -RRB- 22 -RRB- I 'm Gon na Be 500 Miles -LRB- new -RRB- 23 -RRB- I Want To Know What Love Is -LRB- repeat -RRB- 24 -RRB- Breaking Up Is Hard To Do -LRB- new -RRB- 25 -RRB- That 's a Woman -LRB- repeat -RRB- 26 -RRB- You Raise Me Up -LRB- new -RRB- 27 -RRB- Ireland 's Call -LRB- repeat -RRB- 28 -RRB- Appalachian Round Up -LRB- new -RRB- 29 -RRB- Caledonia -LRB- repeat -RRB- Very disappointed , guys . I would have loved to have seen some of your best songs on the TAKE ME HOME CD performed . You dropped the ball on this one .
 I 'm korean & luis ` big fan . so , I wan na his music video . . but in korea , I ca n't buy . .
 And on top of that a rip-off ... the CD has less than 30 minutes worth of material .
 This is not a CD to put on and `` dig your teeth into '' . Frankly it is somewhat boring . It is best suited for back ground music at best . There are no real instumental explorations . Just a bunch of short songs with alot of vocls , nothing to get excited about .
 Welles does n't appear on this and had nothing to do with it . It 's a decent , if dated , production apart from that , but it 's the willful and extravagant fraud on the part of the publisher that I have issue with .
 The lead singer is one of the worst singers evar ! He sounds good on the CD but if you 've heard him live you 'd know is voice is entirely digital and sounds nothing like it does on their LP . Stick with GOOD emo not this wannabe junk ! I suggest you check out Early November , Further Seems Forever , Dashboard Confessional or the Postal Service for some REAL emo not this corporate processed MTV garbage ! There 's so much better emo out thar I do n't know why anyone would listen to the All American Rejects !
 The All American Reject 's debut album was a big disappointment . I had heard `` Swing Swing '' on the radio a couple of times , and it was catchy as hell . HMV was selling the CD for only $ 10 , so I thought I 'd give it a go . I found the entire album annoying and dull , except for `` Swing Swing '' . I 'm not one to need immediate gratification out of my music , but even after a third lesson I was bored out of my mind . The lyrics were the same old thing from almost all other emo bands , and the melodies just did n't work . It 's albums like this that make an argument for downloading music . I should have spent the $ 10 toward a DSL subscription .
 Hey everyone . I 've listened to this CD before , I wo n't say that it is terrible . But it is n't very original.There have been a whole lot of emo/pop punk bands that have started . I mean really , pop punk is an oxy moron if you think about it . Sure , it 's catchy - but writing catchy songs is easy . And besides Pop punk stands for popular punk - and punk is about doing your own thing , going against the establishment -LRB- that is the government , MTV , things like that -RRB- . And well , pop punk bands do n't really do that . They wo n't even say anything that might stur some ` trouble ' they 're too afraid of losing fans , or losing a label , when music is n't about that.Anyway , this review is n't about proving pop punk is terrible , it 's about the All American Rejects . Now , I 'm from Oklahoma , so I support them for that reason , but other wise , I do n't really like them . Their music is n't that original , or inventive . They are n't `` breaking the limits '' of music . Some people say all bands `` do their own thing '' but when you have the same chord progressions , but only in a different key , it gets a bit old . Their singer , though he is n't terrible-isn ' t that great . Sure , he can sing on pitch , but in my opinion he has a high and whiny voice . He lacks something original , and he lacks a depth to his voice.As for their songwriting , I think that their knowledge of music limits how well they can compose something . However , I am not just saying this about them - but about a lot of bands these days . Most bands find a simple chord progression that sounds neat , and then write lyrics that have a simple beat , if any beat , and call it a song . When really , a song should contain so much more . In a song , you concieve an idea , not just a chord progression , but an idea . Such as a melody . Then you can expand upon that melody , and finally resolve that . In my opinion most bands do n't do that . They do n't know when to resolve anything , or even what that means . Hopefully you people -LRB- that is , who ever is reading this comment -RRB- realize what it means to resolve something . because they are limited , they ca n't fully express the emotions . Sure they do express it with the tone of his voice , how his voice rises and falls in pitch , or with cresendos and decresendos , but because they do n't know very much about music - they ca n't really express it well . And the emotions they express are n't that great . There is so much more to life than pursuing a relationship with someone of the opposite sex . Why put so much time and energy into a relationship that is doomed ? grant it , not all are doomed to fail , but at my age -LRB- 15 -RRB- most are certainly . They claim to `` love '' but they never do . They might FALL in love , but they forget when you fall down , what do you do ? get back up again . You ca n't truly love another person until you know yourself . And no one at my age does . At other ages , people might have found themselves , but not in the ages of being a teenager . Also , when you love some , truly love them , you love every aspect of them , not just everything they 've shown you , every part of them . You must know the things that you hate about them , the little things you ca n't stand , and once you know those , and you still want to be with them , then you 'll know your in love . But that 's just the way I view it . Dating is fine , just do n't put every part of your heart into it - it 's doomed to hurt you . And their expressing that hurt - the hurt of someone who was n't wise enought to realize that the more they put into it , the more they will get hurt . But , at this moment I 'm sure you believe me to be a pessimist , but on the contrary ! I am an optimist , and love the pursuit of happiness , and being happy . But , I do not think letting your heart ache over a 2 month relationship is wise.So , to sum up this review . I have heard the AAR CD , and was not impressed . I was not impressed because their songs , although catchy , and full of -LRB- superficial -RRB- emotion , were not original , or well thought out . They are n't a punk band , more as an emo band . And we have enough of those bands around these days . So , I hope you wo n't judge how well this review helped you by the fact that you are in `` love '' with AAR , or the fact that I did not score them well , but by the words I used . Thank you . -- Tim
 This band along with GC , Simple Plan , etc. make me sick . The whiny vocals are enpugh to give me a migrane coupled with their lyrcis is truly a horrible thing . Why do you people listen to this crap?Send hate mail to Auragorn@aol.com, hahaha .
 The singles are cool like ` The last Song ' and ` Swing Swing ' but the Rest of this album is not very good because the rest of the songs just are not really good.Yeah the singles are good but nuttin else is on this horrible album.I hope the All American Rejects make a better album next time.So dont you buy this !
 This album opens strong ; the first track starts off quietly then flies with an energetic burst that finally deposits you at the door of track 2 , which has a not unappealing Third Eye Blind meets Ben Folds appeal to it . But from that point on , things devolve into blandness . I ca n't help thinking I 've heard `` Swing , Swing '' somewhere before , and the string arrangements on the last few songs are nearly nauseating . These guys really are masters of the pop song , but unfortunately , they 're not especially inventive . Despite a few flashes of originality that seem to hint they might 've been listening to Clinic -LRB- though the probability of that seems low -RRB- , they come off sounding a lot like a good-natured Green Day produced by whoever coated the Goo Goo Dolls in syrup . This is n't necessarily a bad thing ... I mean , if you 're looking for indie rock that your parents will approve of , this is your band . The album is catchy and eminently inoffensive , which , I suppose , is the most damning thing you can say about it.By the way , boys , you 're from Oklahoma
 if i could give this cd 0 stars i would ... its a piece of sh*t ... the only reason i ever listened to it was cause one of my friends had it and was listening to it while i was with him ... PLEASE ! if you see anyone buying this cd in any store , grab their shoulders and BEG them not to buy itP.S . slap anyone who says AAR is punk ... they are most definitly not
 This is just plain bad . THis pop - punk is just getting out of hand . This stuff is pathetic . The leader singer ca n't sing and the rest of the guys just stand there and pretend like they are doing something . When I heard the song `` Swing , Swing '' on the radio , I promised myself that I would never listen to the radio again . It is horrible and the worst part about it was the lryics ! So please for the sake of the music world ever coming back to what it use to buy , do not buy this cd !
 Great another pop/punk band that has a whiny singer terrible guitars an awful drummer & a bass that can not be heard . I find it funny how bands liek good charlotte , sum 41 , all american rejects & simple plan get more attention then KoRn , marilyn manson , slayer , pantera , system of a down , mudvayne & slipknot amoungst other great rock bands it just show you how poorly the nu-metal / heavy metal & goth rock is doing from teeny boppers buying crapp records by crappy bands like this .
 this CD was horrible . dreadful . it hurt my ears to listen to it.thank god i did n't waste 10 dollars buying the CD .
 This was an awful CD . When i got this CD i really thought i was going to like it , but it was terrible . Pretty much every song except Swing , Swing was bad . Please dont waste your money on this . Buy a Good CD like Good Charlotte or Sugarcult .
 I first heard these guys on T.V. , playing `` Swing Swing '' . I was in love . I was very disapointed when I finnaly got around to buying their CD.Swing Swing was the only blockbuster hit on the CD There were some okay songs in there , but nothing amazing.If you or a friend have a CD burner , burn yourself Swing Swing . A star and a half of this review were for Swing Swing , and a half star for those okay songs.If you like any part of this album , I reccamond litening to O.K. Go 's `` Get Over It '' . Shame how Swing Swing got stuck on such a bad album ...
 When I first heard `` Swing , Swing '' , I fell in love with TAAR . They sounded cool , they looked cool , so surely , their album had to be cool , right ? I was sorely wrong . It was not worth my $ 9.00 at all . The only two outstanding songs that appealed to me was `` Swing , Swing '' and `` The Last Song '' . The others made me cringe , even for a pop-punk lover such as myself.I would recommend you to download a couple of songs before deciding if you would really like to purchase this album .
 Being an Oklahoman , I 've had this whole album , especially `` Paper Heart '' and `` Swing Swing '' , shoved down my throat by the local radio stations and friends with bad taste for months now . The All-American Rejects are typical corporate rock , catchy and generic licks , a whiny 12-year old lead singer , all-american boy looks , songs about love and pseudo-angst , and the worst drum beats I 've ever heard . Check out the drum part on `` Paper Heart '' - it sounds like it should be on the Flashdance soundtrack . Bland , wholesome , corporate rock fun .
 It 's terrible that anyone who had a girlfriend break up with them , and they can also play the guitar -LRB- kind of -RRB- can be famous nowadays . I swear , if there 's one more lyric about saying goodbye and then drying your eyes ... . Well , that 's the amount of depth this cd goes into . There are well-thoughtout words like `` Stay , do n't go away '' and `` I 'm relationship impaired . '' Nice work fellas.I must admit when I first bought this cd , I somewhat enjoyed it . But it gets old reeeal fast . I heard some clips on the internet before I bought the cd that got my hopes up for this band . But I did n't realize if you take the 30 second clips from the web and play them about two hundred times consecutively , you have this entire album.Their use of drum loops , glockenspiel , and strings are somewhat innovative -LRB- even though Jimmy Eat World did the same thing , and much better on their `` Clarity '' cd -RRB- . Also , the singer 's use of falsetto -LRB- high girl-ish voice -RRB- is sometimes refreshing -LRB- even though when I 've seen him do it live on tv , it sounds like a cat being turned into a tennis racket.If you listen to one or two songs at a time from the cd , it 's not too bad . But a full listen makes me physically ill . It 's the musical equivalent of a couple guys throwing instruments down a flight of stairs and then releasing it on a cd . Y ' know how people say if you put enough monkeys with enough type-writers in a room , they 'll eventually write Shakespeare ? Well , this is what they have so far.Every song is about four power chords long , in about 3 different keys , and about two different speeds . Oh and the one song with the dance-club old navy style compu-drums ... well , bravo gentlemen . You 've achieved the musical intelligence as the on-switch of a keyboard . As for the lyrics , well ... they 're bad . I do n't understand why it 's in fashion to be a `` thoughtful , sensitive '' guy and sing/yell as high as you can about how you ca n't get a girlfriend -LRB- see also
 This CD is amazing . . i first heard my paper heart and totaly loved it ... i bought this CD about 3 months ago . . there 's not 1 bad song on this CD ... you will be extremely happy if you buy this CD !
 I would n't waste the money on the cookie cutter junk . Support indie bands that say indie!Hey if you like punk check out Saving Face . Great diy band with out the agenda . New cd out now on High Fidelity Records.com or check out Saving face band . com
 They have to be the worst band out of Oklahoma ... I 'm so tired of hearing their song on the radio 24/7 ... Has everyone forgotten the good bands out of Oklahoma such as The Flaming Lips , The Starlight Mints , and the Chainsaw Kittens ? Tyson Ritter is nothing if you compare him to a good vocalist like Tyson Meade ...
 They suck ! the only song that sounds cool is swing swing , but the rest of the cd sucks
 All-American Rejects is an awesome band name . That 's about all the praise I feel I can honestly give to this CD . I know that this is technically emo , but does every single song have to be about the same thing ? I can only listen to the same broken-hearted sentiment so many times before I get bored . I will admit that occaisonally they come up with an ok hook - `` The Last Song '' did impress me , but it might have just been the optimistic title . This is pure emo-pop banality that has been done many times with far more success , but of course the radio and MTV ate this up , and teenyboppers all over the country are raving about it . My advice to them would be to listen to The Movielife , an emo band with actual talent and creativity .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is n't a bad CD . It 's just not a good one . All of the songs sound the same , and it 's not because the band has a unique sound . They are very much a pop rock band , and do n't really bring anything new or interesting to the genre . This CD is best suited for background noise while you 're doing something else .
 Look , we all know that the rejects managed to catch a radio hit with `` swing , swing '' . And because of that song , i ended up wasting $ $ $ on this ... cd!Literaly , the only good songs are `` Swing , Swing '' `` One More Sad Song '' `` The Last Song '' . EVERY other song on this ... ! Everything about `` Drive Away '' makes my skin crawl.The lyrics are questionable -LRB- to say the least -RRB- and punk doesnt work for the rejects . Mind you if `` my paper heart '' is anything to go by , niether does pop!All in all , do NOT buy this album . If you absolutely must have it then download it!But do NOT under any circumstances pay more than nothing for this worthless pice of plastic !
 The All American Rejects are basically * NSYNC pushed to the new level.This is n't really a bad thing though but they are just lacking anything original.They 're songs are also repetive in lyrics.Each song is just another heart broken rhyme after another and it gets really really boring after a short time.The songs are somewhat catchy for hardcore or casual pop fans though.I 'm just not a huge pop fan but this is a decent effort for pop at least .
 To be brutally honestm this CD brutally `` is bad '' . I would like to ask the drummer why he did n't play on the record because from all I hear it 's all keyboard drums.And along with that the midi programming makes me wonder if this band can even play at all . It 's outrageous that a producer would allow such a travesty . I in no way am dissing the band , but seriously I doubt I 've heard them yet . This album DOES go from bad to gooder , by the end of the CD you forget how terrible it started . I also want to say that if this is the future of music , I 'll quit and take up crocheting.Jay
 this CD was horrible . dreadful . it hurt my ears to listen to it ...
 I like The All American Rejects but they are to softie.I cant really believe they call this punk rock , or even rock!Most of the time youll here bells !?! The only song thats sounds like rock is The Last Song and maybe Swing , Swing.My mouth literally droped when I put on this cd.This cd should definitley go in the pop category .
 probably the worst cd ever made . if i wanted some kind of techo drums i 'd go to a disco i do n't have this cd i was going to get it but one of my friends got it first , it is a piece of s ** t.
 I heard the first single , `` swing , swing , '' off The All American Rejects debut CD and was blown away . It was an awesome mix of power/pop weezer with the pop sensisbility of Jimmy Eat World . I loved it . After purchasing it I found something completely different . There 's maybe one or two other `` tolerable '' songs on the album that 's about it . The rest are all pop/punk dribble . sorry kids ... the rejects need to be left alone .
 Just another crappy MTV band that caters to the female demographic with sappy , cheesy , corny , lyrics . Go open your mind and listen to music that actually takes risks and challenges you .
 In this day and age , the music industry sucks . It 's more about looks rather than producing quality music . Remember the days of concept albums ? All the songs tied together in a creative way ? This is kinda like a concept album , in a bad way ! All these losers do is sing about the same , freakin , thing . All it 's about is saying goodbye and drying your eyes . I 'm relationship impared . No , it 's more like `` I want money , could n't care less about music , I learned my power chords so I can `` play '' the guitar . '' This is just lyrically a shallow album . My little brother in 3rd grade can write better stuff than this . And the singer needs to lose the falsetto . Falsetto only sounds good if you are good at it . The should have hired Geddy Lee to do that
 I know that most people reading this have probably heard the song `` Swing Swing '' on MTV . Given that some of the songs may be catchy at first , they are ultimately bland and uninspiring . The best comparison I can think for their music is Disney 's `` It 's a Small World '' song
 the reason this cd got rated a 1 is because there is no 0 . i listen to this cd and it was the worst thing ever made if you have money to waste your better off paying someone to beat you up . way do you want to listen to someone who sounds like every third note he just got busted in the balls its more annoying then anything . if you want some good music buy any CKY , HIM , BLOODHOUND GANG . if you are 12 or under this cd is ok for you to have anyone over 12 with it needs punched and handed a good taste of music . force change now
 There is nothing here that a 9 year old girl wo n't like , but even for the average pop-punk or emo fan , this album is a stinker . Repetitive , boring , simple , yawn , repeat . The chords are all the same , the lyrics are all the same , and the album is short . All-American Rejects ? Exactly . Thumbs down .
 if you 're looking for one more cd that sounds like everything thats been done , check this out because thats all it is . if you 've sold the last 20 cds of stuff that sounds like everything else to your local used cd shop ... stay far far away from this uninspired faceless piece of plastic .
 This has to be one of the most unoriginal albums I have heard . Do they even have a drummer ? It seems that most of the drums are from the keyboard . Next to Garth Brooks , They are one of the worst things out of Oklahoma . It is such a shame that they got discovered when there are way better bands out of Oklahoma such as the Chainsaw Kittens , and the Starlight Mints who hardly get any credit . They do n't stand out from bands like Simple Plan , or New Found Glory . Tyson Ritter is the biggest joke of them all and is probably the worst bass player I have ever heard .
 THE ALL AMERICAN REJECTS . THE WORST BAND IN THE WORLD . INSTEAD OF THIS BUY ST ANGER THE METALLICA CD THE KINGS OF HEAVY METAL INSTEAD OF THE QUEENS OF SOFT PILLOW REJECTS ALL AMERICAN REJECTS I MEAN !
 Have u heard ???? These guyz rock !!! This album is not a hour long though.If each song was five seconds longer , maybe it would be worthy !!! But its not!So do n't buy it , its a huge waste of money cause its not worthy.The singles are totally awesome though !!! This band is better than any of the older pop bands like Nsync so dont even compare em to Nsync cause this band is cooler and they are hotter !!!
 this is worthless music and it will make you violently ill ... . if i had to give this music a cute nickname it would be `` ear knife '' . do not ever ever ever even joke about listening to this.i really wish i could give this no stars .
 This is utter trash , no aggresiveness , attitude , originality or even a decent riff/groove . If you like Rock music stay away from this because there is nothing rockin ' about it , especially the nasal whine of the lead singer and where IS the bass ??
 The all american rejects are rejects . get it . Ha ha . This cd is horrible horrible horrible and if you buy it youre an idiot fool .
 mme and my frends dacnce 2 all amerkin rjeks.it kol.buye it at wal marte .
 A year ago I got a sampler cd from Doghouse Records , an indepent music label . Swing Swing is track number 14 on there . I ca n't believe that The All American Rejects have ditched Doghouse and turned into another pop punk band , what the world does not need .
 How bad can one band be ? They do n't deserve fan . There singer started playing bass like not even a year ago , and he is now some famous joke . How unfair is that ? There are way better bands out of Oklahoma like the Chainsaw Kittens , and the Flaming Lips . I do n't know why they are put into the punk genre ? They sound nothing like a punk band ...
 well when i got this CD for chirstmas i was excited because i really liked there song `` Swing Swing '' but when i listend to the whole cd i thought what the hell !? I mean all there songs are about crying and girls so clearly they are AWFULL song writers ... totally emo !!! The only other song i liked was `` The Last Song '' The all american rejects are really rejects !! dont buy there cd its really bad !!!!!
 I bought this CD out of support for the local music . It was n't worth the money . The album lacks variation ; it is almost like listening to the same song over and over . The only good tracks are `` Swing Swing '' and `` One More Sad Song '' . I give the band props for `` making it '' , but Stillwater has better music and less arrogant musicians to offer .
 You guys that write reviews are so freakin ' entertaining.It 's enjoyable to read two different views from different people.Even if I lose interest in a product after reading a review I 'll search for another one to counter it ... but I 'll still not buy it.Yeah it 's evil but it 's the honest truth.Plus no one should buy a cd they do n't like.Duh you idiots and double duh for those morons that type upa review saying that they hated it . Hilariously they spent money.Look , in cd stores throughout the USA you can listen to the musicbefore you buy it . So shut up and listen if you do n't like do n'tcomment . Now for this product , I 'm ashamed to say I liked it.But for about ... two hours . If that makes me odd fine.But I have other wide interests and awkwardly hate pop.I 'll listen to L'ame Immortelle if I 'm in the mood and sometimesto Siouxsie and the Banshees and even The Cure if I feel like it.Just because you like a pop song does n't mean you like pop.Just because you like a human , does n't mean you like humans.So all you idiots that type up something bad about a product , here 's a paper bag . Go breathe deeply into it and calm yourself.-Dante .
 I had to find out who is tormenting me over the cable radio they play at the gym . It 's this band . Please make it stop . If your favorite band is featured on `` The OC '' it 's time to start thinking for yourself .
 Nsync is better any day than these poseurs.i hate these guys.After buying this record i thought it might be kool because i heard they are like * nsync and well yeah they are kinda like * nsync with guitars BUT THEY ARE NOT AS GOOD.If you want some good music , go buy a Nsync , justin Timberlake or Britany Spears record because this is just a pop band full of poseurs : -LRB-
 This song is too much on the pop side . We need more Punk ROCK . Punk pop really is a waste of time . the bands are all in the spot light for reasons i do not understand . We need to show what is really punk . WHOS WITH ME !! US PUNKS WILL NOT TOLLERATE THIS POP THATS GIVING US A BAD NAME !
 Well , here we go ANOTHER G-rated pop-punk album . This makes , what , the Millionthth this year . Probably . Nothing new , hardly pop-punk , more power pop . Songs of heartbreak and heartache , all about girls , no really inventive lyrics . If you want mainstream pop-punk go listen to Blink 182 at least they were repectful enough to ` punk ' to have to have a Parental Advisory label on thier albums , and stay on a indie label longer than 10 seconds -LRB- Punk and Blink 182 in the same sentence , GASP ! -RRB- . If you want songs about poor boys getting thier hearts stepped on check out Taking Back Sunday , Brand New , The Early November , or any other 'em o ' band out there . All-American Rejects are fun and mind-numbingly sugary , sometimes this is good , but like I stated above there is about a million other albums like this , thousands other bands . AAR are n't the first , wo n't be the last , and are n't the best ... Just make sure you do n't buy this album simply because MTV said it was cool , actually like what you 're listening to . 2.5 stars .
 These guys are alright . They 'd be better if the lead singer did n't sound like he was getting kicked in the balls everytime he hits a note , but w/e . Their songs are catchy and stuff , but the problem is they dont have any aggression . Their kind of like Simple Plan but AAR are slightly better musicians .
 I know that most people reading this have probably heard the song `` Swing Swing '' on MTV . Given that some of the songs may be catchy at first , they are ultimately bland and uninspiring . The best comparison I can think for their music is Disney 's `` It 's a Small World '' song
 This band could n't go any more NSYNC if it could . I saw them live and their performance was a disgrace for themselves , but also to the band that they were opening for . Obviously they have the MTV look , MTV attitude , and MTV sound . Do n't buy if you 're aware of any UNDERGROUND music or even know what UNDERGROUND means . They -LSB- are bad -RSB- . do n't buy .
 This is pure crap . For one , the singer can not sing . Why does every other note have to be falsetto ? Electronic drums -LRB- a la the beginning of `` Time Stand Still '' -RRB- ... are you kidding me ? All the `` oooo ooo `` s in `` Why Worry '' . ARRRGHH . I had to stop listening after to the CD at that point . This is far worse than any `` pop-punk '' label you can put on this music , in fact , who even says this is `` pop-punk '' . If you like pop-punk , then surely you can realize NFG , GC , Starting Line , or for that matter , ANY POP-PUNK GROUP , at least can rock on a few songs . If you do n't even like the style of those groups -LRB- TAAR is much cheesier -RRB- , then do n't even bother downloading a few tracks from this to test this CD out . Try Senses Fail , Fall Out Boy , Northstar , Do n't Look Down , Autopilot Off , or Rufio if you are not ready to really rock your head off with harder punk groups yet , but want to get away from this garbage and at least listen to music .
 This has all been done before by other sucky bands . I am completely annoyed by Swing Swing . I heard this CD because my friend is a fan of the band , but I constantly remind her NOT to play it around me . How people can stand to listen to this trash is beyond me .
 `` time stand still '' yeah i there i sitting here listening to Rushes song time stand still that was released 17 years ago by Rush , one of their best songs in the 80 's by the way . i ca n't imagine where the rejects got there other ideas for their songs either . i mean i 've only heard the 30 second clips of their songs i ca n't even stand to listen to those songs and they 're only 30 seconds long . anyway if you want some good music unlike these guys check out rush and Metallica . or you can also check out def leppard , scorpions , dokken , motley crue and all those good metal bands from the 80 's and modern metal
 my friends told me that these guys are bad . i agreed because i had inadvertantly heard some song like `` swing , swing '' and it was crappy . then , some other friends of mine liked this band , and we made fun of them . so now , i actually listened to the little clips on this site . all the songs sound the smae . the singer has zero talent and the guitars have no imagination . they are just wanna-be simple plan -LRB- who suck too -RRB- .
 If y' all eva call dis rap or hip hop , i will seriously get mad cuz this sounds NOTHING like rap or hip hop.The wordz dont sound like anything in a rap or hip hop song -LRB- just listein to this then 50 Cents Get rich or die tryin ' and youll see what i mean homie -RRB- . And there are no cool hip hoppin ' beats on here so how can it be called hip hop?Get yo facts straight and dont call dis hip hop or rap cuz it aint either of dem.maybe pop doe .
 ... I suppose there are some good moments ... Some of the tracks are decent , like `` Why Worry '' , `` Do n't Leave Me '' or `` The Last Song '' . But the rest of it is unimaginative , boring ...
 I already have the cd with this song on it . . this is only one song played 4 different ways . . It came fast in the mail and has no problems . But I do n't need it .
 There 's plainly just not enough material on this DVD . Yes , the menu is really cool but it is confusing . Since nothing is labeled , you just search around Gorillaz ' house and highlight random objects and watch videos . They have the four music videos for `` Clint Eastwood , '' `` 19-2000 , '' `` Tomorrow Comes Today , '' and `` Rock da ' House . `` Those videos are all good , but honestly this DVD only gives you abount one hour of veiwing entertainment . The rest is filler of lame skits and the videos before they were filled in with color so they'e just pencil sketches .
 I would give this five stars ; but the songs on the DVD are the `` clean '' versions ... It 's great to see the videos ; but the censorship ruins the whole experience . I would like to give it zero stars ; but I will settle for one .
 The DVD itself is fine although I 'm not satisfied watching only a few of their videos . However , this package comes with an extra CD where you can get wallpapers and screensavers . Do n't make a mistake by installing this on your PC . My PC caught a virus !!!!!
 See , I like Daemon 's vocals the way they were on QIT , but the distortion they added is just not neccasary , too bad , could of been a great album . . oh well
 I was automatically entered to win this CD on my radio station ... I DID N'T want it - I had heard Miracle and always hated it . So now I 'm stuck with this CD , and it 's TERRIBLE !! All the songs are the worst and they all sound the same ! His voice is really bad too . And , of course , he has all of those poses - I did n't like that part at all . Also , notice how all of the song names are the same names as other singer 's songs ... Rebeccas St. James , Paul Wright , Matt Goss , Rachael Lampa , etc. . He 's another cheap artist who sings about the same , same things that every cheap artist does . Contrary to all of the other reviews , do n't waste your money on this ... luckily I did n't . Look into 4Him , Avalon , Andy Chrisman , or Mark Harris . Music is n't worth it if it 's stuff like this.OK - one compliment I have to give him is the one thing he puts in the booklet ... `` Thank you for teaching me REAL LOVE . YOU PICK ME UP time and time again , and lighten up my HEAVY LOAD . YOU WAIT FOR ME , and GIVE ME LOVE til I COME ALIVE . NOW , I need ou more than ever , 'cause we 're all counting on a MIRACLE . And when troubles come , may God give us the strength to RISE ABOVE , and remind us once again that we were MADE TO SHINE . IT 'S ALL FOR YOU ! '' ... It 's kind of neat how he puts all the songs together that way !
 Bonds of Friendship was released back in 1988 or ' 89 . There was a pretty hopping straight edge scene in OC at that time . I myself had fallen out of the SE way of life by then , but I still kept a close eye and ear on the scene . I did n't lose interest in the bands and the music . I was writing for a fanzine at the time and I reviewed this album ; I panned it for being exceedingly generic , uninspired , bland , boring , etc. . It was as if they 'd read a text book titled `` How To Be A Straight Edge Hardcore Band '' and did everything the book told them to do , but did n't bother to come up with any fresh ideas on their own . They did nothing but regurgitate what tons of bands had already said and done , made no effort to make it the least bit interesting . To top it off , they were sickeningly positive to a fault ... completely ineffectual and without any `` edge '' at all . To say they played it safe and pandered to the scene is a gross understatement . A while later I saw an interview with the lead singer `` Kevinsted '' where my review was brought up and Kevin claimed it was invalid because `` straight edge is n't -LSB- that fanzine 's -RSB- thing . '' I 've always wanted to respond publicly that straight edge WAS my thing at the time , and I knew what I was talking about . Might as well do it here , 15 years after the fact . BTW Kevin , you and I were actually in the same class at Fullerton College at little before all of this . Sociology , I think . = -RRB- For examples of bands from the mid to late '80s So Cal Straight Edge scene who brought something new to the table , try Excel , Virulence , Half Off , Visual Discrimination , Inside Out etc. . Hell , even Uniform Choice 's 2nd album is more worthwhile than this weak sauce .
 If you want the group from Italy in Epcot , this is n't it ... Nova Era 's Millenio Album is a perfect 10 . Their Christmas CD is OK , but too many of the songs on that Christmas CD lack a nice drumbeat that gives their other songs zip . Not that it 's bad , but it ca n't hold a candle to Millenio.Hopefully , Amazon will start to carry the real Nova Era soon ... it would make them a lot of money.Hope this helps , Peter
 For those looking for the New Age/Classical group , Nova Era , that once performed at Epcot 's Italy showcase
 This is not what I was looking for you should find the CD for the Nova Era from Epcot , they were the best players of modern classic music for our genaration !
 In 2002 , the first four Camel albums were reissued with remastered sound and extra tracks in regular jewel case versions.Later , followed LP-mini-sleeve versions of those four titles . `` Moonmadness '' & `` Snow Goose '' were issued in mini-sleeve format in 2001 ; `` Camel '' , `` Mirage '' & `` Live Record '' in 2002 . The first two titles , `` Camel '' and `` Mirage '' , in their mini-sleeve incarnations , are the same exact remasters/extra trax versions as their jewel-cased counterparts.HOWEVER : `` Moonmadness '' is not . It has no extra tracks , and sports a remaster that is quite a bit louder than the first two titles.The same is true for the `` Snow Goose '' jewel-case & mini-sleeve versions ; the MS has a different -LRB- louder -RRB- master and no extra tracks.It 's unfortunate that JVC did not avail themselves of the expanded versions of `` Moonmadness '' & `` Snow Goose '' , and anyone who buys these mini-sleeve versions should be aware of the difference.In the case of `` Moonmadness '' , the loss of the extra tracks is especially unfortunate
 I was so dissapointed with this set . What shocked me was that Bo just kept writing the same songs over and over -LRB- and over ... -RRB- again , and again , and again . Sad that he needed to do that . The CD does have his great stuff on it , and nice to have those , but SO MUCH is just sadly poor revisions of his own old hits , with new words , or whatever . Can not just put the CD on and sit back ; need to skip around . Oh , and seems they are all out of chronological order ? Poor editing .
 Very weak effort ; Hanna and company are too caught up in fetishizing the sounds/styles of bygone eras rather than writing solid songs . Did n't think it was danceable/catchy either.Skip it .
 I 'm so disappointed with this album ... do n't know where to start.Sounds like the band have totally lost it and have had a lack of songwriting talent where this album is concerned . `` I 'm so excited '' is possibly the worst cover version I 've heard and I just do n't understand why a band who have been so vocal , political and exciting at times have come up with such a bad album and to make it worse on a MAJOR label .
 The first S/T album is an all-time classic . I still listen to it all the time . Femmist Sweepstakes rocks too ! This album just seems uninspired to me . The production is generic stick the beats up front new wave dance . The vocals are weak . I never in my life thought I would say that about Kate Hanna . The songs are weak and generic . What the heck happened here ?! I still love Le Tigre , and would see them in concert again , but I ca n't recommend this album to someone as a first Le Tigre buy . Get the first two first , then prepare yourself to be disappointed with this one .
 Where to start ? I 've been listening to Le Tigre for several years now and am a fan of Bikini Kill and all the rest . I 've always liked Le Tigre 's new take on feminist music ; atypically sassy but matches intensity with the rest of them . Good stuff.I do n't have a problem with the production like others do . It 's slick and that 's great . I 've never been of the school that seems to decree that simpler is always better . It 's high-quality and they were able to push the limits of creativity with all the cash that befell them once they went major label . The low-fi-ness is no longer a crutch for credibility . So in that sense , they probably had to work harder to make a great album.Unfortunately , that seems to be the real problem here . They seemed to have worked so hard on everything else , they forgot to write good songs . The songs lack soul , which is what I think was Le Tigre 's greatest asset . The best of the album is their single , TKO , which is nothing more than a retread of their other anathematic masterpieces on S/T and Feminist Sweepstakes . So they came up with something great , unfortunately , it 's the same song they wrote three times before . I first heard JD 's little opus live and thought it was slightly annoying , but a groovy tune nonetheless . And again , one of the better songs on This Island is only average compared to the works of art they put out on their two previous full-length albums . I 'm So Excited is sort of funny . Reminds my husband and I of when the girls from Saved By the Bell started a group and Jesse was really stressed and on drugs . They sang the same song in the locker room at school and Le Tigre 's rendition sounds strikingly similar on the album.Some of the songs are downright awful . Nanny Nanny Boo Boo sounds like something that a weak , local imitation of Le Tigre would have come up with in 1998 . Seriously , that was the best they could come up with ? The chorus is reminiscent of the pseudo-feminist crap that we all put up with years ago . And as hard as I try , I just ca n't wrap my head around Do n't Drink Poison . I 'm wondering if it 's supposed to be `` fun '' or something . It reads like bad poetry . Further , in principal , I support such a blatantly anti-war message as New Kicks projects , but in practice it just comes off as lazy . They could have come up with so much more new politic -LRB- given the current climate -RRB- in songwriting than they actually produced here.In general , the album sounds pretty good but it really lacks intensity and innovation . I 'm not ready to give up on them , though . I think they had more money than they knew what to do with and perhaps misdirected it . I hope their next major label effort is generally more focused .
 I had heard so much about this band and had hoped , based on their feminist merits , that the hype would be lived up to . Soundings had come out that said that this album was more `` radio friendly '' and in one way it is ... however when I finally got to hear it I was almost dumbfounded at how corny it sounded . `` Tell you now '' is almost embarassing in its teenage prissiness - it 's flat and repetitive ... and unfortunately this one of the least difficult-to-listen-to tunes on the album.I want to say that I appreciate Le Tigre 's politics and attitude but my God , they have zero musical talent .
 All I can say is that I 'll be sending this back . Why do Le Tigre have to always be so preachy for the sake of it ? They should have concentrated on making a great album instead of trying to be like some politico figureheads . If I want to hear the great Susan Sarandon making an anti war speech then I would rather listen to it without Le Tigre 's insipid weak beats in the background . Very poor .
 `` TKO '' is ghastly awful , but at least its title has a shred of truth
 So , the one in the tux is actually female?I 'd like to think that I speak on the behalf of every straight male in the U.S. when I say . . YIKES.Gimmicky dyke-pop . Go buy a Plasmatics album .
 I was introduced to Le Tigre in May , when I saw them play at a music festival . I loved their energy , wit and originality , and I bought all of their music the following week . I was hooked.I was really excited for this album , even though I heard bad things about it . Everything I heard was true . It is so bland and uninteresting that it made me want to cry . The lyrics are n't witty or interesting or anything , and the music is really boring . `` Tell You Now '' is ok , but nowhere NEAR as good as the songs on their other albums . I really hope that their next album will be more on the right track , but I do n't think that will happen .
 Le Tigre have let me down . A couple of good songs and then wham , just rehashed &#34; Oh bondage up yours &#34; crap mixed with B-52s ish fodder . &#62; 2.5 Yawns .
 If this was a truly good album then no one would even mention the old Le Tigre albums . It is a shame to move on and produce a piece of work that is so dull and uninspired . As a fan I 'm afraid that is how I feel . The whole album feels as though it took a couple of days to loosely stitch together without much vision and I found it quite embarrasing in places . I 've tried really hard to get into it but there is not one song on here that I like . It 's a crying shame .
 Damn , I thought TI would definately come with some hard stuff with all the anticipation of this album but all in all , this album is straight garbage ... Young Buck kills the whole cd with his verse on Undertaker and the only other good tracks are # 1 , # 2 , and # 10 . Do n't even go support this huuurrrting cd ... download it off the internet just to get another killer Young Buck verse !
 He sucks balls , T.I. Need to hit Lil wayne up for some lyrics , Lil Waynes THe Cater II Blows king out of the water for sho ! Grubb City `` 04 '' Hayti Indians baby , `` 04 '' Rep Hayti for life my nig ! We miss you Chester and Dora Lee Sullivan !
 Now TI is my husband and everything but I must say my boyfriend and I were very dissapointed when we went to Circuit City and PURCHASED his CD . Aside from the 4 singles already released the album is garbage and thats sad with there being 18 tracks . He should 've put a free movie ticket in there , maybe i wouldnt have felt so insulted.It sounds extremely rushed which doesnt make since when Urban Legend was released 11/04 . The best track on the CD was the skit with Mike Epps . I still love you though baby better luck next time boo . To be fair I gave the whole CD six listens before my final judgement .
 i like the beats on here & the Production is cool , but TI is missing something from living up to the status that he has procalimed himself to being . I like his flow , but He ai n't no King of the South.give me Scarface anyday from down South.this Disc got some bangers that are tight in the WHip , but there is more hype at this time than actual substance .
 You know , prior to buying his fourth CD , I began to wonder if T.I. would be capable of making a complete album while moonlighting as an actor in ATL , and after listening to it a dozen times , the answer is clearly NO ! As a huge fan of T.I. 's past CD 's , in particular `` I 'm Serious , '' and `` Trap Muzik , '' I am highly disappointed in both the production selection and the lack of consistency that plagues this album . After over a year of proclaiming himself to be the KING of the south to everyone that would listen , you would think he would apply all his energy toward making an album with both street anthems and the introspective tracks that has really defined his `` realness '' in the past . Instead , the album consists of one overly produced , disorganized , obnoxious and chaotic track after another . With the exception of `` Live in the Sky , '' `` What you know , '' `` Ride Wit Me , '' and `` I Told You So '' there are no real stand-out tracks , and many of the remaining songs suffer greatly from seemingly rushed hooks and uninspired lyrics -LRB- see
 Going platinum can be simultaneously the best and the worst thing to happen to an MC . Certainly , if you 're not trying to make money off of your craft , you would n't record an album to begin with . For that reason , I would never begrudge an artist financial success . However , it 's clear that , once an MC comes up with a platinum formula , he can become complacent . He takes fewer risks musically , stops trying to push the envelope . We 've seen it with such MCs as Nas , DMX , Jay-Z , Eminem , Ludacris , Ice Cube , and so on . Few successful Hip Hop artists are willing to rhyme like they 're still broke at the risk of losing out on millions - OutKast is the exception that proves the rule.So , once Urban Legend hit platinum status , A-Town legend T.I. was clearly at a crossroads . Would his follow-up be the classic album that finally fulfilled the promise of his nearly-brilliant sophomore album Trap Muzik , or would that all-consuming drive that personified T.I. have dissipated , resulting in him falling into the same trap as the artists mentioned above ? Sadly , the answer is the latter of the two possibilities . This is just not that great an album.What made T.I. so great was his ability switch from vulnerable to invincible at the drop of hat , to combine his signature slow ATL drawl with a surprisingly complex rhyme structure , and to take those butter-smooth , slow Dirty South beats he chose to rhyme over and get your head nodding until your neck was sore . None of that is here on this album . The whole album sounds like a sloppy freestyle . The lyrical content is not on par with his three previous albums , and , most upsetting , his rhyme structure has gone completely to pot . On top of that , the beats just do n't hit on this album like they did on Trap Muzik or Urban Legend . Speaking as a fan , I 'm sorely disappointed by this effort.Now , if T.I. has indeed fallen into the trap of Nas , DMX , and the rest , there is hope ; some of the MCs I mentioned -LRB- Jay-Z and Nas in particular -RRB- have bounced back with classic albums after dropping boring , safe ones . However , if T.I. gets another platinum plaque for this , do n't hold your breath . I 'll always be proud of anybody from the A who makes it ... but whether I buy future albums is another story .
 NO SKILLS . CAN T RHYME , WEAK LYRICS , WEAK FLOW , BAD SONGSYOU A KING , BUT OF WACK AND PEOPLE WHO DON T THINKVERY WEAK ALBUM , WHEN I THINK IN THE SOUTH THERE IS SOME GREAT MC 'S LIKE STRANGE FRUIT AND VERBAL SEED ... . ILL MIND AND SYMBOLYC ONE -LRB- the art of one mind -RRB- ALBUM DESERVE 5 stars and that 's from the south .
 I started getting into TI after the phenomenal release of his last album . I even went out and got his older albums too . After wearing out all his cds , I ended up narrowing his good songs down to just over 1 full cd , and was really hoping to add more with this new release . WRONG ! I could not belive that i was actually listening to a TI album when i put this album in . None of the songs have a good beat as they did in the past , and lyrically , you might at well mute the cd and rap to yourself . I am not sure if a few of my favorite rappers got together to bang out a couple of crappy new releases , but Ti among a few others really needs to get back into the business and make something that is worth listening to , not to mention worth purchasing .
 Dont get me wrong , T.I. is a good rapper , but he is not king material . how long has he been in the industry ? 4 years maybe ? DUDE , settle down and stop saying your the King all the time . You dont need to call yourself king on every track you make . You have said it yourself , `` Actions speak for themselves '' . . so stop saying ur the king ... and as far as actions go . . ur no king . This is what T.I. is doing . He is spending . . lets say . . 20 thousand dollars `` Making provision for the click and keeping it pimping '' < - quote from `` Im a King '' which is a pretty good song . He is spendind that amount of money on his clic ... but hundreds of thousand advertising or bragging about it . Just handle your biz , you 'll do ok . The only good song there was `` What you know '' . And I dont mean to hate on T.I. like I said , he is really good , but all he is doing is calling himself a king ... king here ... king there ... but his he really doing anything for his hood . . other than making provisions for his clic ? think about that . He is not king material and the funny thing is , people actually believe this guy . Its ridiculous . Im going to start callimg myself President and ill post it everywhere ... and talk about it . . but not do anything for that position . . just talk . . and actually get some poeple to vote for me . . when Im not # 1 running for presidency and # 2 made or material to be president . Sorry , I just had to say it . I give the album 2 stars .
 king of the south ? rofl ! what a joke . this dude can barely ryme one word per bar . his lyrics and flow are corny , basic and wack . forget being the king , this cat is straight up azzcrack . one of the worst `` rappers '' on the planet . subject matter is awful and he 's got ZERO skills . `` move along along along , ya lyrics are cow dung '' - krs-one
 i have all of ti albums from im serious to urban legend and the king is by far the wackest of them all . hes gone to commercial now . his beats and lyrics arent as raw as his albums in the past . i wont buy his new album but im still a fan .
 From the last two albums I listened to from this artist , it sounded like he was growing as an artist and maturing . But on this album , I hear songs about burying people , shooting people , once again bragging about going to jail ... and then the all-time worst song `` I 'm Straight '' where T.I. sings `` Give me some cocaine ... and I 'm straaaaaaaaaaight . '' What the hell ? This cd is terrible . This is one of the most simple-minded albums I 've ever heard ... and coming from a cat that I thought was a pretty intelligent guy but made the wrong choices , I 'm EXTREMELY disappointed . This man had the audacity to say `` Do n't get me wrong/I ai n't neva been a fool/Just put off graduating/For a pair of tennis shoes . '' Hip-Hop is going down the drain . I wonder how much Common had to be paid to get on this trash.The only good parts were `` Why You Wan na '' with Mike Epps and some lady who were having the most hilarious break up . `` Why You Wan na '' was cool ... but the rest of this album ... WACK !
 This is album is a perfect example of commerical hype and conformist who allow it 's continual propagation . T.I. is far off track with this one and this album ca n't come close to his previous endeavours . Plus , the redundancy of glamorizing the dope game like it is a style is just down right pitiful , unjustifiable , and a detriment to society , but that is what corporations want to push on society . This outing for T.I. is corporate pimpin ' at its finest . I am putting my Death Certificate album back in my deck .
 The first Marion Raven song that I had heard was `` Heads Will Roll '' when I bought the National Lampoon 's Rise of Taj soundtrack . I may have a bias because I 'm a freak for Nikki Sixx , but I though the song was amazing . I kept thinking `` Wow this song 's awesome ! She 's got a great voice ! She 's so edgy . `` I bought the cd without hearing any of the other tracks . My mistake . I heard the rest of her cd and I did n't hear that edginess that I was excited to hear . Even the song that I was first introduced to sounded different and overly poppy.I was hoping for Alanis Morissette meets Fiona Apple -LRB- or better -RRB- , and I got Avril Lavigne meets Veruca Salt meets Michelle Branch . Talk about a let down .
 I 've had the opportunity to see her live and she has an awesome voice that should be heard , but the direction she has chosen to take with this album is beneath her talent . Both the music and lyrics lack any originality and could have been better . If you want to rock out to a below average rock record , I woud n't even recomend it then . It 's a shame that she has sold herself out to this garbage and I 'm certainly disapointed . I 'm not going to bother commenting on the pornagraphic video from this album other than what the heck is she thinking ?
 First of all , I desperately wanted to like this album . I really dig M2M 's two albums , and I always liked it when Marion sang in a `` serious '' way in those albums as she does in ` Here I Am . ' But whatever singing maturity she 's developed in this album , does not salvage the songs.I guess she preferred to do these more rock-oriented songs rather than the super-happy pop of the first M2M album and the melodic folk-rock style of the second . Which is a disappointment to me . I hear all throughout ` Here I Am ' rip-offs of alternative tunes that I do n't even like in the first place.Continue to keep in mind that I REALLY wanted to like this album.There are many things I do n't like , and I 'll list a bunch of them here.First off , she does the same usual chord progression in several songs . The chorus of ` End of Me . ' The chorus of ` Break You . ' The chorus of ` Here I Am . ' ` Little By Little ' seems to be a sweet song , but for some reason I feel kinda annoyed by how she sings `` Little by little . `` The chorus of ` Crawl ' is a rip-off of some classic rock song . Or maybe S Club 7 's song that goes `` I never had a dream , come , true ... '' Its verse sounds so pompous , and ignorant that it 's a usually done chord progression not given an interesting twist at all . ` Get Me Out Of Here ' is the one I feel most repelled by , although it probably is n't really the worst song . I just hate the opening riff . It sounds so blandly done-a-billion-times-before . I would have liked ` Heads Will Roll , ' but the chorus repeats itself too much . And it sounds like it has been done before.I wish ` At the End of the Day ' did n't have Art from Everclear singing along . I hate his lazy style of singing.And that 's probably the worst of what I do n't like about the CD . My main complaint is the lack of melodic awareness throughout . It seems like a weak attempt to come across as kick-ass . And also , there 're too little ear-candy keyboard sounds that made average songs such as ` Everything You Do ' so wonderful to listen to.Remember , I really wanted to like this CD ! Do n't think I 'm being a stuck-up bastard for the things I say about Marion 's music!Okay , now the positive points : Great voice . I wish she 'd belt out a bit of the nasal style from ` Shades of Purple ' every now and then , but she does n't . That 's alright . She probably is rather traumatized about having been forced to do the ` Pokemon style , ' even five years later.A really heavy riff in ` End of Me , ' playing a flat fifth . And that 's without using distortion.Songs such as '13 Days ' are quite nice . Would n't really have wanted to buy the CD for them , but they 're cool . Creative vocal melodies here , just not my type . ` For You I 'd Die ' has an interesting ambiguous feel to it . Although , she does that chord progression that I 'm sick to death of . One of the better songs in the CD . ` Six Feet Under ' has a very nice verse and refrain . If she is to do some rock style , this song is a good direction . That 's being melodic without being a rip-off . And its chorus is quite cute . ` Got ta Be Kidding ' has amazingly dissonant harmonies for Marion 's genre . I am of course referring to the verse , which really does sound rather silly in a good way . ` In Spite of Me ' is one of the best songs in the CD . Which leads me to another complaint
 Impecable recording , as all of Chesky 's . However , Ms. Gomez 's voice , lirics , and musicalization are like a bottle of syrup . A huge glass of water is needed to help us swallow it .
 the one star is so bright that its better then 5 stars , if you like say canned Heat or The BanD this is great . Maybe al ittle allmond brothers TraffIck Ten year A fter , youll probably not regreat buying this the sound quaitly is excellant .
 In 2002 , the first four Camel albums were reissued with remastered sound and extra tracks in regular jewel case versions.Later , followed LP-mini-sleeve versions of those four titles . `` Moonmadness '' & `` Snow Goose '' were issued in mini-sleeve format in 2001 ; `` Camel '' , `` Mirage '' & `` Live Record '' in 2002 . The first two titles , `` Camel '' and `` Mirage '' , in their mini-sleeve incarnations , are the same exact remasters/extra trax versions as their jewel-cased counterparts.HOWEVER : `` Moonmadness '' is not . It has no extra tracks , and sports a remaster that is quite a bit louder than the remasters on the first two titles.The same is true for the `` Snow Goose '' jewel-case & mini-sleeve versions ; the MS has a different -LRB- louder -RRB- master and no extra tracks.It 's unfortunate that JVC did not avail themselves of the expanded versions of `` Moonmadness '' & `` Snow Goose '' , and anyone who buys these mini-sleeve versions should be aware of the difference.WHAT IS A JAPAN `` MINI-LP-SLEEVE '' CD?Have you ever lamented the loss of one of the 20th Century 's great art forms , the 12 '' vinyl LP jacket ? Then `` mini-LP-sleeve '' CD 's may be for you.Mini-sleeve CDs are manufactured in Japan under license . The disc is packaged inside a 135MM X 135MM cardboard precision-miniature replica of the original classic vinyl-LP album . Also , anything contained in the original LP , such as gatefolds , booklets , lyric sheets , posters , printed LP sleeves , stickers , embosses , special LP cover paper/inks/textures and/or die cuts , are precisely replicated and included . An English-language lyric sheet is always included , even if the original LP did not have printed lyrics.Then , there 's the sonic quality
 Hi all i am shocked to see name Deep Dish on this CD , i am more shocked that people are giving them 5 stars . Some people must be ignorant enough to rate just because they think they are good . I am a DD fan and know and love their music , actually have to say that i am very disappointed as i was expecting funkier dance tunes . Would not recomend to buy if you are DD fans so you wo n't change your opinion about them .
 These guys are two of my favorites , which makes this new release even more of a let down . I have loved every album they have ever put out except this one.Disc one has some redeemable moments , but disc two really did n't have much happening . The whole sound on this was nothing really new , just the same stuff that everyone else is putting out . It just seems like they were trying to wear too many hats and cover too much ground ; leaving the whole feel of the sets kind of jumbled with no clear theme.I feel like these guys have always done a very good job of creating a unique sound and feel to their mixes . This mix really lacked the substance and character of their previous work.Altogether a pretty disapointing project from a couple of professionals . I would have expected a lot more from this release . Maybe their upcoming individual releases will make up for this disapointment . Two Stars
 I have loved every one of Deep Dish 's mix albums , and this one definitely falls short of their previous successes . I have seen their live set three times in LA and SF , and I am terribly disappointed with this new project.It seemed to me that they were really just trying to wear too many hats with this mix , and ultimately the sets had no substance or cohesive themes to them . Disc one had a few redeemable moments , but disc two was really just pretty lackluster . Just the same old stuff that everyone else is putting out . Nothing new , nothing good , and nothing that will withstand the test of time.I think these guys are very talented so I am at a loss to what happened with this project . Maybe the second release in July will make up for the disappointment . You would think that after having taken a break for a while and building up a following ; they would have wanted to put out a more quality sound.I was pretty bummed out on this album . Two stars and that is being a bit generous .
 This is one CD of a four volume set . I ordered this CD and recieved volume 2 . It has 100 birds from willow grouse to sandgrouse . A large percentage are not what I think of as song birds . Lots of chirps and rattles . -LRB- I am not a birder -RRB- . I assume the other 3 CDS have a similar number of birds . This appears to be a set for the serious birder , and not for someone who is looking for a musical treat .
 If there were no other Roomful of Blues releases to compare this to WYWYG this CD might fair better , but as it stands , it sounds like B side material to me . There are couple of moments where you can smell smoke but for the most part , I was disappointed . I agree with a previous reviewer in the lead singer has a voice you either love or hate . For me it 's his vocals that drag the CD down to what sounds like a better than average bar room band not the wicked engine of `` Under One Roof '' , `` There Goes the Neighborhood '' or `` Turn It Up ! '' . To be fair , Odom has his moments -LRB- Your Love Was Never There -RRB- , but over all his efforts were a miss for me . Some of the horn arrangements are just average too.Hoping for a little more octane in the future ...
 There was a time when Roomful was a band with a mix of seasoned pros and young talent playing a blend of jump blues , swing , and blues.Over the years there has been alot of personal changes none of the original members are left.Now Roomful has a powerful lead singer with a voice you either love or hate.The band is playing radio friendly tunes.There was a time Roomful was in their own league playing great tunes with a strong horn section.This group sounds like any horn band youd hear in your local nightspot.They are The Roomful Of Blues in name only .
 I bought this album on pure speculation it was an Amazon recommondation and was uncharted waters for me . Owning around 200 blues albums with close to 100 of them being lps . I had never listened to either of these guys . Read the reviews and seemed like it would be a good venture . Received my cd figuring it would be like most blues albums and would take several listens before it would start throwing its arms around me . Wrong ! This is one of the few albums I own that nails you right out of the box ! It has been in my car stereo for around a month now and shows no indication of getting old.The first three tracks are non stop adrenalin guitar work with number three at just over 15 minutes just being a total piece of work . Smooth like a well aged whiskey . The final track with guest singer is one of the more haunting blues pieces I 've ever heard . It 's one of the few pieces I know that actually brings you to the edge of reverse blues and makes you feel bad this track is also in the 15 minute time slot too . All and all you can just let this cd run and it becomes nice back gound music to what ever it is you are doing . All in the way classical music does . I 'd be surpised if any one really listening to this could give a bad rap ! This is a real guitar players record .
 I keep trying to give this band a chance , because I hear in certain circles that people like them . In all honesty , I ca n't understand why people in the metal scene would enjoy this . This is NOT latin-influenced metal , like so many people say . This album , and the previous one as well , is latin-influenced POP/ADULT CONTEMPORARY with a metal guitar riff thrown in every couple songs . In the first song on this album they say they 've been at this for 10 years . Well , if that 's the case ... they need to try waiting for another 10 before trying to record another album . If you want REAL latin-influenced new school metal that is done effectively , try a band called ILL NINO . Ill Nino buries these fools .
 After their amazing first album , which was the perfect blend of bilingual metal , jazz , and salsa , this one comes off as a huge disapointment . Somewhere , for some reason , they lost most of their salsa/jazz influences and went generic nu-metal -LRB- the downfall of metal -RRB- with latin percussion , something Sepultura masterd a long time ago -LRB- true metal , not this nu-metal -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB- . There are still some gems , like Si Aja , Pa'Ti Pa'Mi , and Ahorake and the production/musicianship is still as good as before , but I found myself skipping through most of the songs . Get Fundamental instead .
 Impecable recording , as all of Chesky 's . However , Ms. Gomez 's voice , lirics , and musicalization are like a bottle of syrup . A huge glass of water is needed to help us swallow it .
 I got Canned Heat 's UNcanned CD . I ordered AC/DC LIVE Let me know and it 'll be sent back as I have this CD already and dont need another I want the ordered CDthanks dave
 I used to have an old tape of live AC/DC that had some of the best guitar I 'd ever heard . I wanted to recapture that energy and , after quickly scanning the line-up , mistakenly picked up this CD . Johnson 's attempts at Scott 's creations do n't cut it and Angus seems a bit tired compared to `` If You Want Blood ... '' -LRB- which is what I meant to buy -RRB- . `` Rosie '' is the best cut , but again , does n't compare to the younger Angus ' frenzied masterpieces found on `` If You Want Blood ... '' -LRB- Bottom line
 I love AC/DC . I love all of these songs . I love their other live one -LRB- if you want blood -RRB- . But these are the worst versions of these songs I 've ever heard except for TNT . Where on earth is the crowd - I thought they were live ? Johnson 's vocals are too much in the foreground and overshadow the music and that makes no sense to me . AC/DC is about great guitar riffs , the lyrics are secondary . No other AC/DC album allows the vocals to dominate the disk , the vocals definitely do n't dominate their live shows , so why do they on this disk ? Who allowed what should have been the greatest live album of all time to get screwed up like this ?
 In 92 Ac/dC live came out in both single and double editions . Neither one is really that great ! Ac/Dc is one of hard rock/metal 's best groups , but just like everyone else , not everything that they do is good . One of the biggest flaws of the album is that it is too self indulgent . Most people do n't want to hear songs in excess of ten minute running times . Another flaw is that the Bon Scott era is not represented very well , I know he 's dead , but most of Ac/Dc 's better albums were from the Bon Scott era . Highway to hell is only represented by the title track , big mistake there Highway to Hell is just as good as Back in Black if not better ! Also not enough from High Voltage . The sound quality is n't that bad , but the song selections could have been better , so I must only recommend this album for die hard Ac/Dc fans , the ones why buy everything they release whether good or bad !
 Live albums used to mean something . Back when music was music , and video was video , and neither was a half-assed companion of the other , live albums represented a rare glimpse into a special moment in time ; and at their best , they boasted highly original performances that added something new to the original studio tracks . But in the post-MTV era of visual overkill , the live album is more often than not -LRB- ab -RRB- used as a quick means of fulfilling contractual obligations , or padding the record label 's fourth-quarter budget . Though hardly an overnight revolution , this sad trend was certainly brought home to many by the unimaginatively entitled Live , a disjointed double-disc set from the world 's biggest little rock & roll band AC/DC . After delivering one of the format 's undisputed classics with 1978 's If You Want Blood , You 've Got It , the Australian titans ' second concert recording barely raised a pulse . `` Bonny , '' the only unfamiliar track , turns out to be little more than a one-minute solo based on the traditional sea chantey , and even the `` improvised '' Angus Young solo that introduces `` Jailbreak '' is an obvious cut and paste job . At least the album serves as an impressive highlight reel for the band 's hit-and-miss '80s output -LRB- 1980 's Back in Black and 1990 's The Razor 's Edge providing the bulk of the material -RRB- while making room for the Bon Scott-era essentials . By and large , AC/DC on a bad night are still usually better than most bands on a good one , but Live feels more like a greatest-hits album with crowd noise than a true live album . Still , a better buy than the edited , single-disc version .
 Up until this point , I had the 1 CD version , which was good . I 've been wanting the 2 CD version for a long time and finally the price drops at Wal Mart and I get it . HOWEVER , it seems on this version all of the songs fade out at the end , wha the hell were they thinking there ? Its a live album , I wan na hear a show , now the songs ... so that little fact makes the entire album unlistenable to me ... moron move.Otherwise , the songs are high energy and great , its that little flaw that makes me less then likley i 'll ever want to listen to it .
 The recording is weak and the performance wanting . I expected the music to resemble the performances from their original sound tracks ... I was disappointed . On a good note , the CD makes a wonderful disk to play `` fetch '' with my dog ; - -RRB-
 The vocals are terrible , brian johnson can not sing live to save his life . The guitar riffs on Jailbreak were ok the rest is an album I continously skip through .
 I 'm the kind of person who loves going to live concerts -LRB- I 've seen B.B. King , The Temptations Review w / the Spinners and James Brown , and had a blast each time -RRB- , and had I have been alive during the Bon Scott era , I would 've sprung to see AC/DC live . However , live albums are hard for me to recommend . Sure , there are a handful of greats -LRB- The Stones ' Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out ! , the Allmans at Fillmore East , B.B. King at the Regal , Live ! by Bob Marley & the Wailers , Bob Dylan at the Royal Albert Hall -RRB- , for the most part you get note-for-note renditions of the group 's hits . This record is no different . They spend the entire concert either making good songs bad -LRB- Thunderstruck , Back In Black , Highway to Hell - can you imagine this without Bon Scott ? -RRB- or bad songs worse -LRB- Heatseeker , Who Made Who , The Jack -RRB- . And stay even further away from the two-discs collector 's edition , which contians endless , jammed out versions of Jailbreak , High Voltage and Let There Be Rock that say absolutely nothing , even though each one is extended to over ten minutes . The Bon Scott studio albums and Back In Black are all essentials , but if you must an AC/DC live album , go with If You Want Blood , which was merely forgettable instead of bad .
 There are good and bad things about this album.I 'll start out with the good things . AC/DC has proven that they can put on a good live show , and some of the songs on here are almost as good as the studio versions.However , concerts are more fun to go to than they are to listen to in your room , something that is very obvious here . This would have been a fun concert to go to , but listening to it can get boring . Brian Johnson 's voice is not very good live , and it distracts you from the music in the background.The live versions of their songs butcher the original songs , like Back in Black , Highway to Hell , and most of the good songs . However , TNT and Whole Lot of Rosie sound pretty good live , even though Bon Scott is n't singing them.This is very passable . I only recommend this to AC/DC completists.If you like AC/DC , get Highway to Hell , Back in Black , High Voltage , Let There Be Rock , and the other Bon Scott albums . Most of the Brian Johnson era is passable , with the exception of Back In Black .
 Hmmmmm ... it 's difficult to begin . I have quite a personal history with various members of this band and A LOT of personal animosity towards said members so it may seem to cloud my judgment . Regardless , I feel compelled to make this review available , despite the fact that no one will likely ever see it -LRB- except on my page -RRB- . Arma consisted of various members of hardcore illuminati such as Extinction and Race Traitor . Much like most bands of the hardcore ilk , they developed their name more by invoking past namesakes rather than having exempliary musicianship . The goal of Arma from the outset was noteriety and the sub-standard music contained within outlines this fairly accurately.Musically , Arma is a combination of greater bands of the genre that came before them , most notably Damnation a.d. and Unbroken . For the record , they did do the sound of that particular era in a fairly accurate manner . The breaking point comes in the vocal department , which leaves a lot to be desired . Politics and social issues seemed to be the order of the day and nothing really striking or groundbreaking was expressed lyrically , as is the case with most bands of the genre.Overall , Arma Angelus blended well with other mediocre-at - best acts of that time period in the hardcore genre , which is possibly part of the reason they experienced a certain level of success . However , seeing as though this album has been out for over 2 years and has yet to see a review here points to what some people expected of bands of that late-90s hardcore molding in that they were about music last and easily forgettable .
 Why do people buy this crap . Why i bought it I will never know . This is one of the worst bands i have ever heard in my life .
 I have only listened to this CD once and I just ca n't get a feeling for the music on it . I do n't know why . . I do like two of the songs on it , though.I can see myself parting with this CD from my collection .
 I do n't like this . I give them credit for playing their own instruments and writing their own lyrics , but file this one between O-Town and NSync .
 A little more personal is a huge dissapointment coming off of the hit Speak . For one , this album seems to much like she wants to prove herself . There are only 4 good songs on the album , `` Confessions Of A Broken Heart `` , `` Black Hole `` , `` I want you to want me , `` Edge Of Seventeen `` . The album ends too shortly . Its a waste of time . Get Speak .
 I based my purchase of A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- on the high praises of the people reviewing this CD here on Amazon . I 'm usually greeted with great outcomes when I do that but for some reason this purchase never left the gates for me . The people sticking up for this record are truly jaded though . God forbid they admit that some songs are n't very good , but by writing a review trashing another person 's opinion defeats the purpose . I 've read most of the reviews and yes , a lot are probably just people trying to lower the overall rating of the CD and feel they 'll take the time to broadcast a few bands that are supposedly better than Lindsay -LRB- some are probably bands even the person has never even heard -RRB- . I 'll admit whole-heartedly that this CD has a few great songs . Confessions Of A Broken Heart -LRB- Daughter To Father -RRB- is a wonderful song where Lindsay belts out the notes with such conviction , though the video is overly dramatic and takes away from the actual song . Black Hole is a good song with a stellar chorus where the beat actually overpowers Lindsay a little . My Innocence rebounds from the awful I Want You To Want Me wonderfully . The lyrics are a little self-righteous but overall I really like it . Edge Of Seventeen was an unexpected treat and serves as the album 's true highlight with Lindsay serving the original every bit of justice . Rightfully so , this is the longest track where you might tend to forget who you 're even listening to . A Beautiful Life -LRB- La Bella Vita -RRB- is the final noteworthy track to me . The vocals are pretty good but the song follows so closely to one of Avril Lavigne 's that it almost feels like a blatant rip-off of styles.The best songs to me are Confessions Of A Broken Heart , Black Hole , My Innocence , Edge Of Seventeen , and A Beautiful Life . This CD may be personal , but it 's not very good . I find it difficult to listen all the way through simply because Lindsay seems to be taking herself much too seriously . Part of the reason I listen to pop music is because it does n't take itself too seriously and just feels fun for the most part . Take Shakira 's new CD , Oral Fixation vol . 2 . Even at that CDs most meaningful moments it bounces back with a very good upbeat song to balance out , yet the upbeat songs have just as much meaning as the slower ones . It 's a shame really , Lindsay could 've done so many great things with this release .
 aaaaahhhhhh !!!! THE PAIN !!!! Ca n't believe I listened to the samples of this album . Hopefully those 15 minutes of fame are almost done . She 's at a crossroads in her career now , which lead to either Pornos or obscurity . So please stop funding her drug habit people ! On a side note , giving phony 5 star reviews for talentless garbage has gotten way out of hand . This fraud has gone to heights that not even Enron never dreamed of .
 Co-writing credit on four of twelve songs . I feel like I 've known her for years . Man , she 's really exposing herself . Look out Dylan!A little more personal ? What a joke . This album was mostly written by the same person that wrote some of A. Simpson , and H. Duff 's generic fluff . How the hell can it be more personal if she had a minimal influence over the songwriting ? More personal than what ? A dial tone ?
 Lindsay Lohan started her career of at the age of 12 . Starring in the movie you all love , The Parent Trap . Lindsay lohan played Cally/Annie two twins who did n't know they were twins and they meet . After The Parent Trap there was , Life Size , Get a Clue , Freaky Friday , Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen , and then Mean Girls . Out of all these movies only one have I ever watched more than once , and that was Mean Girls . But alias in Mean Girls Lindsay Lohan was upstaged by the Amazing Rachel Mcadams . The Bottom line is Lindsay Lohan is nor a actress or Singer . Lindsay Lohan is not a good role model . Lindsay is bulemic , does drugs , she even use to smoke . Many people argue it 's just gossip , but we know it is n't . Lindsay looks like she has n't eaten in days . She looks like a skeleton . She is NOT a good role model for girls at all . Teenage girls , and young girls all look up to her and she behaves like a two year old , who is whinny.Overthowing the gossip and etc. . Lindsay has endured being a victim of Family Abuse . Many people say that A little more Personal Raw is her growth as an artist . Let 's get to the bottom line , do you really think whinning about your daddy will do anything . It 's good that Lindsay is trying to express her opinion but I really do not care about Lindsay 's issues . The song that opened her album , Confessions of a Broken Heart -LRB- Daughter to Father -RRB- has labeled her album , whinner . Although she explains her issues about her Father , and Mother Dina how does this effect us . Or anyone in the real world . Yes , we have child abuse . But do you really think that if Lindsay whinnies about her father it will do anything at all ? What Lindsay should be doing is starting an organization preventing and getting rid of child abuse . Also letting children seek help with their families . Not some pop star whinning about her daddy , who does that help besides her ? If this really upset her then Lindsay should give this song to her father and see how he takes the news ??? Almost all the songs on this album sound exactly the same . Lindsay 's voice is just pushed into the backround with a sound of instruments playing the same notes with idiotic lyrics . None of the songs on this album discuss anything that happens in the real world that will move people . Yes , Confessions of a Broken Heart means something , but not in a way that people like me can connect to . The Edge of Seventeen to My Inocence none of the songs make Lindsay look like she has a voice . The cover of the cd is enough to know that Lindsay wants people to feel sorry for her . It also is showing that she is not a disney girl , but a party girl who has emotional issues . Just because her daddy abused her . Boo Hoo . One of my best friends was abused and now has a foster home . I could n't care less about Lindsay . A few of the songs sound okay but with Lindsay screaming her voice it 's hard to hear the good lyrics . When Lindsay even comes close to hitting the right notes all we still her is her pitch screaming voice hidden over loud backround music . Overall I do n't recomend this album . It 's not a good soundtrack and does not send out any important message for people in the real world . Also do n't think that Kid 's do n't know what singers are and are n't just because a kid wrote it do n't tell me it 's not helpful .
 Does Lindsay Lohan and Ashlee Simpson share family genes ? They must , because they both scream alike and both suck as singers ! This wanna-be Brittany Spears -LRB- AI N'T SAYIN ' MUCH ! -RRB- , better stick to the Hollywood party scene and join the valley girl 's cheerleading squad ! This one star rating is a gift 'cause it does n't rate that ! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR EARS !
 Toro
 I bought this for my daughter and she wo n't listen to it either . Awful ... . Her first CD was much better ... Lindsey stick to acting ... Oh and I forgot ... she has NO , I repeat NO business singing ANY Stevie Nicks songs !!!! Pathetic ... she ruined it .
 I gave Lindsay another try by listening to this album , and was even more disappointed than I was with the first . She practically screams her way through all of the tracks , and her melodramatic lyrics just make it sound cheesy.I can stand to listen to Britney and even Hilary , but Lindsay 's sound is just painful . It 's not even pleasant ... no wonder this album has sold so poorly.If you want to hear some good music , check out Shakira or Mariah .
 It seems rather apparent to me that people en masse are trying to fool Amazon 's customers into purchasing A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- , Lindsay Lohan 's second album . Food for thought ... maybe these people work at the record label that signed Lindsay Lohan ? So many reviewers with only one review to their credit , some with similar names -LRB- Marta Loosky AND Marta Laloosky ? Hmmmm ... -RRB- , and all of them basically talking about how deep and daring this is , and how Lohan is the greatest singer and songwriter of all time . Some even mention `` even though I normally do n't listen to pop music , this album is amazing !!! '' . Let 's shed some light on this , shall we?First , start by looking at the credits for the album , where Lohan gets co-write credits for 7 of the 12 tracks . However it must be emphasized that she is working alongside professional songwriters - song doctors , if you will . And the sound is what you would expect from a batch of songs written by said song doctors - predictable , glossy , and incredibly bland and commercial . Lyrically , there is little depth to be found - seriously , how could you call the shameless I-hate-you-Daddy rants of `` Confessions Of A Broken Heart '' or `` My Innocense '' , the corny bubblegum of `` Who Loves You '' , or the `` I 'm a celebrity and no one understands me '' sentiments expressed on many of the other songs , deep and profound ? Musically , this is not `` dark , moody and grunge-like '' , as described by some , but instead is not drastically different from the debut . Much like the equally weak Ashlee Simpson 's album , the songs are basically in a number of varieties , provided it 's a style with proven sales success -LRB- but would you expect anything more from an actress , and one that 's about on the level with the likes of Jennifer Lopez and Tara Reid at that ? -RRB- . You 've got your garden-variety Avril Lavigne-styled power pop , your Britney Spears-esque dance numbers , and a debut single which is piano-pop so weak that it makes Vanessa Carlton look like Tori Amos . We have n't even discussed Lohan as a vocalist - which is her main contribution , after all . Her voice is thin and raspy , tends to crack at times , and seems to be digitally corrected at some points - with the studio technology that we have today , anyone can become a popular singer , regardless of whether they have talent or not . You have to look at Lohan from the perspective of the record company - her name is marketable right now thanks to the success of a few movies she has appeared in . This means the record label has to do a lot less work to promote her than they would someone who has toiled as a recording artist for years and has limited radio exposure . In my opinion this is unfortunate , because thanks to people like Lohan , a lot of excellent musicians are without recording contracts because these labels would rather go for the quick buck . Why would you encourage people to support someone like this?Regardless of your favorite genre of music , I ca n't recommend A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- . Even by commercial pop 's modest standards , this album suffers from weak vocals , mostly hookless songwriting -LRB- the only two memorable songs are the Cheap Trick and Stevie Nicks covers -RRB- , bland music and ridiculous cliches -LRB- Lohan saying `` I like it when people talk beginning a song '' on the album 's title track -RRB- . You can do better anywhere else , whether it 's pop -LRB- Kelly Clarkson -RRB- , reggae -LRB- Sean Paul , Damian `` Jr. . Gong '' Marley -RRB- , hip-hop -LRB- Juelz Santana , Paul Wall -RRB- , or rock -LRB- Korn , System Of A Down -RRB- . I also highly recommend the new Darkness album , One Way Ticket To Hell . . And Back . Check this album out instead - you wo n't be disappointed !
 i didnt even want to sign in to fill this out . i think she cant sing . she needs to stay away , not only does her father dont want this cd i dont want it ! i didnt buy it i got it as a gift . i wish i never opened it so i can retern it for a Better CD . Get Mary J. Blige 's CD . NOW THATS WHAT I CALL MUSIC . I dont like this girl SORRY . I dont Even know why she be tryin to sound and look like Ashlee Simpson . Because Ashlee is SOOOOOooooOooo Hot and LINDSAY is NOT !!
 ok now lindsay is a big s1ut . . ok thats not good she almost shows her intimates so PARENTS out there no this cd is not for your children ... rather hilary duff actually beats this cd ... lindsay lohan triest to get a KELLY CLARKSON look trying to feel `` miserable '' well but that image doesnt go with this woman ... common guys and girls this cd it SUCKS ... !!!!!
 she 's pretty , but not talented at music she should stick to movies instead . And what 's with her dating older men , is she trying to build a pedophila fanbase or something ?
 As soon as I heard that L.Lo , Hollywood 's current `` It Girl '' was coming out with her sophmore album , I was ecstatic and somewhat hopeful it would be full of hot tracks like `` Rumours . '' I was extremely disappointed by her debut LP `` Speak '' because I felt that the lead single , which is by FAR her most popular song , was relegated to a bonus track whilst a boring album of pop rock ensued.I 'm definately more of a R&B ; / Hip-hop fan , so after listening to this on MTV 's the LEAK I was disappointed . I do n't understand Lindsay 's logic to continue doing pop rock when clearly `` Rumours '' a club/hiphop track was her most popular song to date - why not stick with a formula that works?I do give her kudos for the only song that I like on CD which is the first single , `` Confessions of a Broken Heart '' . I can definately feel Lindsay 's emotion on this track and I absolutely LOVE the music video to it.If you are a fan of pop rock , such as Lindsay 's last album or Hilary Duff , you will likely enjoy this album . If you are looking for `` Rumours Part 2 '' ... sorry to say that 's yet to come.Oh and before I forget - I love the cover and title , with the -LRB- Raw -RRB- in brackets . : -RRB-
 It seems rather apparent to me that people en masse are trying to fool Amazon 's customers into purchasing A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- , Lindsay Lohan 's second album . Food for thought ... maybe these people work at the record label that signed Lindsay Lohan ? So many reviewers with only one review to their credit , some with similar names -LRB- Marta Loosky AND Marta Laloosky ? Hmmmm ... -RRB- , and all of them basically talking about how deep and daring this is , and how Lohan is the greatest singer and songwriter of all time . Some even mention `` even though I normally do n't listen to pop music , this album is amazing !!! '' . Let 's shed some light on this , shall we?First , start by looking at the credits for the album , where Lohan gets co-write credits for 7 of the 12 tracks . However it must be emphasized that she is working alongside professional songwriters - song doctors , if you will . And the sound is what you would expect from a batch of songs written by said song doctors - predictable , glossy , and incredibly bland and commercial . Lyrically , there is little depth to be found - seriously , how could you call the shameless I-hate-you-Daddy rants of `` Confessions Of A Broken Heart '' or `` My Innocense '' , the corny bubblegum of `` Who Loves You '' , or the `` I 'm a celebrity and no one understands me '' sentiments expressed on many of the other songs , deep and profound ? Musically , this is not `` dark , moody and grunge-like '' , as described by some , but instead is not drastically different from the debut . Much like the equally weak Ashlee Simpson 's album , the songs are basically in a number of varieties , provided it 's a style with proven sales success -LRB- but would you expect anything more from an actress , and one that 's about on the level with the likes of Jennifer Lopez and Tara Reid at that ? -RRB- . You 've got your garden-variety Avril Lavigne-styled power pop , your Britney Spears-esque dance numbers , and a debut single which is piano-pop so weak that it makes Vanessa Carlton look like Tori Amos . We have n't even discussed Lohan as a vocalist - which is her main contribution , after all . Her voice is thin and raspy , tends to crack at times , and seems to be digitally corrected at some points - with the studio technology that we have today , anyone can become a popular singer , regardless of whether they have talent or not . You have to look at Lohan from the perspective of the record company - her name is marketable right now thanks to the success of a few movies she has appeared in . This means the record label has to do a lot less work to promote her than they would someone who has toiled as a recording artist for years and has limited radio exposure . In my opinion this is unfortunate , because thanks to people like Lohan , a lot of excellent musicians are without recording contracts because these labels would rather go for the quick buck . Why would you encourage people to support someone like this?Regardless of your favorite genre of music , I ca n't recommend A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- . Even by commercial pop 's modest standards , this album suffers from weak vocals , mostly hookless songwriting -LRB- the only two memorable songs are the Cheap Trick and Stevie Nicks covers -RRB- , bland music and ridiculous cliches -LRB- Lohan saying `` I like it when people talk beginning a song '' on the album 's title track -RRB- . You can do better anywhere else , whether it 's pop -LRB- Kelly Clarkson -RRB- , reggae -LRB- Sean Paul , Damian `` Jr. . Gong '' Marley -RRB- , hip-hop -LRB- Juelz Santana , Paul Wall -RRB- , or rock -LRB- Korn , System Of A Down -RRB- . I also highly recommend the new Darkness album , One Way Ticket To Hell . . And Back . Check this album out instead - you wo n't be disappointed !
 What Is This ?? ... . to start off . . her voice is terrible . Shes trying to sound all edgy and clearly it just is n't working . She 's trying to make us feel sorry for her . '' Oh Lindsay you 're life must be so hard ! . . you know , with all of that money and fame '' ... . I say just stick to acting .
 Please People , sure , this cd is alright , but Miss Lohan is NO Kelly Clarkson !!! Kelly Clarkson has true talent and her vocal skills FAR surpass that of Lohan . Lindsay is just one of many teen actresses who wish to attempt to have a career as a singer . Lindsay is a desperate fluke compared to Clarkson , and her screetching is comparable to that of a broken down vehicle ... so please do not offend or disrespect Kelly Clarkson and compare her to something of the nature of Lindsay Lohan . Sure , Lindsay Lohan can act and she can definitely act as if she can really sing , but the truth is that Kelly does n't have to pretend to sing ... she REALLY can ! But , I must give `` La Lohan '' credit ... some of the songs on here are pretty good , but Stevie Nicks needs to bitch slap someone for letting Lohan do a cover of `` Edge of Seventeen '' . And as for live performances , not even a respirator could save Lohan 's live performance of `` Confessions of a Broken Heart/Edge of Seventeen '' , maybe she should leave ALL the singing to her backup singers ... at least it would sound better than Lohan 's aggravating moaning and groaning through the chorus of `` Edge of Seventeen '' . `` Just like a white-winged duuuuvvvvv '' Please , do the world a favor , reviewers ... . and never ever EVER compare Lohan to the greatness that I like to call Kelly Clarkson . Clarkson can write , act , sing , and did I mention SING ??? Oh yeah , Clarkson 's voice can send chills down your spine , but Lohan can make you want to dislocate your spine at times . But , overall , I do give Lohan credit on her sophomore effort , just do not play with any more cover tunes ... otherwise , Stevie Nicks might actually come and bitch slap her . Thanks !
 If you abhor the tabloids and modern Disney , it is a reasonable assumption that all you know of Lindsay Lohan is that she was upstaged by Rachel McAdams in the cult hit flick `` Mean Girls . '' However , she clearly still holds out hopes for a career as a singer , as her sophomore album `` A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- '' was released last month to debut at # 20 on the Billboard charts.At first glance , one can tell that the album is full of solid writing and , unlike her 2004 debut album `` Speak , '' these songs come off not only as catchy but as sincere . However , anyone who has ever heard Lohan open her mouth will find themselves asking one singular question
 After I came to this page , I had to pour myself some coffee , throw cold water on my face , and slap myself a bit because I could n't believe what I was seeing . As of this writing , the vast majority of the reviews here give teen actress / wannabe pop star Lindsay Lohan 's latest album 5 stars - the highest possible review . Hmmmm ... apparently the promotions department at Casablanca Records is working feverishly to develop interest in this album . Now , in my honest and fair opinion , 5 star reviews should be reserved for something that is an absolute masterpiece - a true work for the ages . Can anyone who listened to this album honestly say that this belongs in the class of works by , say , Mozart or Beethoven , or perhaps Wilco or Radiohead ? But I digress ... On to the matter at hand , which is Lindsay Lohan 's second album , A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- . We are introduced with `` Confessions Of A Broken Heart -LRB- Daughter To Father -RRB- '' , a track which may be semi-autobiographical to Lohan -LRB- who co-wrote four songs on this album -RRB- , but is an off-putting , cliched , treacly mess of a song . Lohan sings with such ham-fisted conviction that you honestly get this vibe from her that she thinks that she is the only person to ever have a dysfunctional family , to ever have his/her parents divorce , to ever become distant from his/her father . And in light of who she really is -LRB- drinking , dancing on tables and partying until the wee hours with the Hollywood elite -RRB- , you know the song is not genuine and she 's just milking this situation as fodder for album sales . And the lyrics themselves are pretty sorry - she sings about wanting `` a daddy to hold -LSB- her -RSB- '' as if she 's about 8 , and the way she wails lines like `` Did you ever love me ? '' shows just how untrained and unpolished her voice is . Lindsay , cheer up honey - you 've lived a charmed life , which both of your parents have made numerous sacrifices to give to you ... besides , there 's an exclusive party going on till dawn somewhere on the Sunset Strip and you 're invited , that ought to cheer you up.With this whole album , one kind of gets the feeling that Lohan is just trying to tap into the girl-next-door charm that helped make Kelly Clarkson a ubiquitous star this past year -LRB- those marketing geniuses at Casablanca are at it again ! -RRB- . This commercial makeover is very calculated , given the fact that just a year ago Lohan was whining about being hounded by the paparazzi over lightweight bubblegum dance/pop and seductively cooing double entendres like `` I wan na come first '' . One can also surmise that Lohan put very little effort into this recording -LRB- chalk it up to either those kiddie flicks that really put the champagne and caviar on the table , or to the obvious - lack of talent -RRB- - as stated before , she has only four co-write credits on the album , as the bulk of the songwriting goes to studio songsmiths for hire like Kara DioGuardi . The sound is rather generic as well , with producer John Shanks applying his usual glossy sheen to cover up any inadequacies on the part of the singer or musicians -LRB- hey , this guy produces Ashlee Simpson as well ! -RRB- . Lyrically , at times Lohan tries to sound , as she would say `` like , deep or something '' on certain tracks , but often finds herself stumbling on some pretty awkward , clumsy lyrics - for instance , she sings about a `` universe of missing stuff '' on `` Black Hole '' , and the words on tracks like `` A Beautiful Life '' are unbelievably cliched and irrelevant . Then there 's a song like `` Fastlane '' , where Lohan tries to pass herself off as a world-weary , inhibited , troubled soul , which is only so convincing when the opposite is true . In the hands of a more capable artist -LRB- and with some revised lyrics -RRB- , this song could have worked - in Lohan 's hands , it just falls apart.In summary
 I confess that I did appreciate , at least , the song `` Father to Daughter '' if only because it really laid bare Lohan 's complicated relationship with her father , and perhaps by doing so , it can help other people who have similar desperate love/hate relationships with their parents ... Plus it was definitely `` a little more personal . '' Too bad the rest of the CD did n't follow the lead of this track . Some tracks are at least listenable as background music , but where her immature musical ability shows through are in the covers of `` I Want You to Want Me '' and especially `` Edge of Seventeen . '' Both require a bit of mystery and darkness that Lohan is simply unable to conjure . I cringed when I saw her perform `` Edge of Seventeen '' on `` Saturday Night Live . '' At least she seemed to be singing it `` live '' unlike others ... but still . The attempt to cover these songs is , at best , ill-guided . I give the CD two stars for the first single `` Father to Daughter '' since it is open & honest & heartfelt . But Lohan should stick to acting
 I luved Lindsay 's album `` Speak '' but this album shows her trying 2 be 2 mature ... `` Speak '' kinda got me back into the pop arena , reminding me of my high school years but `` A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- '' has the theme of I HATE MY FATHER ... EVERYONE HAS TO KNOW.The album has the vibe of `` Hating Daddy '' within which can be quite offensive 2 girls -LRB- like me -RRB- who have loving fathers ... I know a lot of kids have bastar * s of daddy 's but you dont have 2 tell us about it all the time ... some things may be better left unsaid ... Also its hard for people like myself 2 sing-a-long coz the lyrics are based on hate toward a family member ... I thought Lindsay was gon na be our new age Britney ... but nope shes gone off the track a lil ...
 Heres how it went ; Songs 1 - 12 , Brilliant ! There you go , awesoem album , and it really speaks out against people who violate you in your lifetime . Makes me feel stronger .
 My heart , that is . It breaks because Lindsay Lohan went from that cute kid in The Parent Trap into a , uh , um ... something ? I do n't usually review a CD based on the involved artist , but since Lindsay 's name has become so ubiquitous lately it 's hard not to be influenced by the conclusion that can be derived from all those gossips.I 'm not judging her solely on those rumors , of course . I 've kind of seen her music videos and know what to think , and I think those similar unnecessary seductive gestures in the music video `` Rumors '' are still prevalent in her latest music video `` Confessions of a Broken Heart . '' Come on , here she is supposedly in despair yet she 's wearing a revealing constume while crawling on the bathroom floor like a bad , still-learning stripper ? It 's hard to believe that she 's singing from the bottom of her broken heart.Now , this album has some catchy tunes , which contrast directly against Lindsay 's voice . No , she 's not the worst singer in the world , but her singing ability is only mediocre at best . On top of it , her voice irks me the wrong way . It 's , like , too tweeny and whiny ? -LRB- How do you describe a voice ? -RRB- The lyrics are all right , but `` Beautiful Life '' is a teensy bit problematic . I heard that Lindsay co-writes some of the songs ? I think it 's a very admirable attempt , but dragging a family problem she does n't really care anymore just does n't cut it . That 's like trying to ask for sympathy and to justify how she 's turned out . Oh , wait . That may explain everything after all.In conclusion
 and her acting believable . That doesnt get her far on this album though . The only song with any potential is the first single off the album `` Confessions of a Broken Heart . '' That song you can feel the truth and pain and it breaks your heart ... brings you to a place where you relate , and fix her words to your own memories . The other songs on the album are crap . A thrown together collaboration of diddies to impress the plastic teenage angst generation , none of which are appealing ... more like nauseating . I mean , most people will hear older albums and compare the new one and say `` Much better '' `` She 's older '' . Wow , that 's insight - of course she 's older ... but age doesnt improve song writing/composure ... and where the content may have matured , the important things have not . Her voice is as pleasing as her appearance ... but she needs to really look into her self to get something worth writing about . Lindsay , think `` Confessions ... heart '' and stay on the track this time .
 This CD is a copy cat of Christina Aguilera 's last album Stripped ... even the name of the album gives the idea . She tries to tell of an abusive past in a song , but she 's a little late . Her as well as Kelly Clarkson . If you want to listen to songs with more depth in the writing , and incredible singing voice to go along with it , try listening to Christina 's `` Stripped '' .
 It did n't take Ms. Lohan -LRB- actually , I should say , Ms. Lohans ' producers , as she likely did nothing more than give her diary to them and they did all the work ! -RRB- long to throw together this album so soon after her first diaster `` Speak '' . Like many of you out there , I also really have a problem with the fact that people like her are getting recording contracts when there are so many talented musicians out there that # 1 . Have worked really hard at singing , and/or playing an instrument and writing a song -LRB- and writing a few lines from your diary is not how a song is written ! -RRB- and # 2 . Have some experience , by forming a band from the bottow up and learning from this experience.Confessions -LRB- of a broken heart -RRB- could have been a good tune , but the chorus is lacking and there just is n't a hook to the song . The rest of the songs are boring and forgettable . It just does n't do it for me . Overall , her music is n't getting much better ... could be because it truly is n't `` her '' music . She needs to stick to acting , -LRB- although her movies are n't doing that great any longer either . -RRB-
 Lindsay , It 's daddy . I love you ! I want you to know how proud of you I am . You took my advise and got the best producer you could get , and he makes it a great sounding record . I mean , when I would come home from jail , and hear you singing in your bedroom , I mean , I never would guess that is you . Those producers really did a great job with your voice . It `` almost '' sounds like you , but it does not really sound like you at all , which is great ... . since you ca n't sing . I remember being a little sad with your Good Morning America lip sync job . But boy ! Those producers sure did good.Well , got ta go to the chow line now . Hope I do n't get shanked ! I will be out soon . Ca n't wait to manage you again ! Maybe we can go on tour with Hanson ! Or Nick Lachey ! Till then ... Love , Your dad - # 0526356312
 This cd has it 's good songs but it has more bad songs . I got this cd because I liked Over off her first cd but this cd kind of sucks . There are about 3 songs I like out of all 12 . So if your looking for a good cd do n't look to Lindsay Lohan 's `` A Little More Personal -LRB- raw -RRB- ''
 OK first thing is the ratings should be out of ten , because this is really a 3/10 album.I read a few reviews saying this is her transitional album from child star to any adult woman -LRB- or young adult whatever -RRB- ... OK lets compare to other stars who went through the same thing.Ill choose Spears & AguileraSpears self tiled Britney spears album features I 'm a slave for U. Which by the way is one of lower selling CDs on this website . She uses a more sexual approach in her transitional album , using the same unimpressive lyrics from earlier CDs -LRB- moaning in every song -RRB- , but she backs the weak songs with great dance beats and interesting and arousing videos . I mean how many times did guys watch that Slave 4 u Video -LRB- come ' On HOT ! -RRB- Aguilera i thought had a better transitional album . She put out the 2nd one when Spears was already working on her 4th . She spent a lot more time on it ... and i think it shows . The weakest single on the album was Dirtty by far ... and i think that 's a pretty decent song ... i certainly put every single Spears put out on her album to Sham . The lyrics should radical improvement in maturity . Also her best selling album to date . Although she did use a very sexual video to draw us in ... she backed it up with amazing vocals and followup singles.OK now for Lindsay ... she compares to who ? SPEARS , why well because of the following : # 1 . 2 cds back to back in less than a year -LRB- yes ... she needs time to tour and do PR ... thats like a 6 month job people -RRB- # 2 . Very weak vocals ... still show great immaturity in this singer . # 3 . Of every song i heard , non a single worthy except `` I want you to want me '' -LRB- a cheap trick single covered even better by Letter to Cleo about 5 years ago -RRB- , and `` Edge of 17 '' which i found out is a Stevie Nicks single . WHen all your singles are other peoples songs they call `` DIDDYING your album '' # 4 . OK Beats but terrible kareokee style singing on every song -LRB- even with a Vocal Master Machine no doubt -RRB- Verdict : This album is a rushed release and it shows . The 2 best pop albums of the year are Gwen Stefani and -LRB- i ca n't believe im saying this -RRB- kelly clarkson ... and yeah for Madonna 's new one . I do not recommend this for parents to buy their kids for Christmas not for a teen pop album buy . Its just bad . . badder ... the baddest -LRB- although i know she 'll release many videos where she is half naked to sell this CD -RRB- If she releases Edge of 17 or You want me to want me -LRB- which is n't that good a cover -RRB- buy the single ... otherwise say what i say ... Hail to Futureshop Listening Posts.By the way this is a side note to Elisabeth Vincentelli who did the editorial review for amazon ... Comparing Lohan to the Cars ... A Little More Personal sounds like which Cars song ? If it is one ... its not a popular single ... Drive , You might think im crazy , Hello ... none of these .
 too many ballads for her weak voiceI was very disapointed when I purchased this albumI loved her other songs these new songs are lame at besther voice sounds terrible and most of the songs are just way too goofy
 I already made a review on this -LRB- titled : uuuuuuuugggggghhhhh ... -RRB- But I realized I made an error while naming off musicians you should be listening to , I accidentally said Janis DICKENSON , when I ment Janis Joplin . My apologies for that error -LRB- Dickenson 's a model , an ugly , ugly model -RRB- as for Lohan ? 1 word : Pppppfffff !
 Every `` song '' on this CD sounds the same . If that 's not bad enough , Lohan covers Stevie Nicks and Cheap Trick - and poorly at that -LRB- sorry , those songs were done right the first time around -RRB- . Why do the public have to continually be subjected to these marginally talented singers constantly covering stuff from the 70 's and 80 's ? Have original ideas run their course or are people stupid enough to actually buy this junk and believe it 's wonderful?I do n't know who 's worse
 Stevie Nicks is one of my favourite artists , and apparently , someone cloned her . Lindsay 's voice is nothing compared to stevies and yet , edge of seventeen is in both of their albums . Lindsay totally took all the credit , because she 's a more recent singer .
 People ... the future of humanity is at stake . Until people across the planet rise up and demand that bubble gum tarts like Ashlee Simpson and Lindsey Lohan refrain from opening their mouths and `` singing '' , we are all at risk . They should only be seen not heard . This type of putrid sludge should never have made it out of a recording studio , this is nothing but a shameless attempt to separate innocent young teenie-boppers from their parent 's money.The only thing `` RAW '' about this album , is Lohan 's recent inability to eat any solid food . Is that her or Christina Aguilera on the cover ? I ca n't tell ... Lindsey really ought to think about taking some of the money she 's extorted from you young people and visit a local McDonald 's or Pizza Hut , I liked her better when she was a bit chunky and had a bit of skin on her bones , she looks scary now.But seriously , anyone who buys this junk needs serious psychiatric care . This is evil music , it needs to be stopped.You people should be listening to Dream Theater or Kiss . These are sad sad days . Poor Lindsey , ca n't sing , ca n't act , ca n't eat ... it must be a horrid life .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I have to say this album is awful . Looks like everyone loves because oh boo-hoo boo-hoo she sings about her parents . Well guess what she did n't even write that Confessions of a whatever song . She uses voice improvements for her entire CD . She is an untalented -LSB- ... -RSB- needs to go back to Disneyland .
 Lindsay . . you ca n't sing . Stop it with these idiots acting like thy are all Celine Dions . Grow up . You make me so embarrassed of American Entertainement.What a sad sad world .
 this is stupid , i got it and hated it . i do not reccomind this junk.C R U N K ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 a terrible record by a non singing non star . Her cover of Stevie nicks ' Edge of seventeen is atrocious
 Umm . . RAW RAW RAW . . Horrriblayyy !!!!! NvR AgAn LoHaN!BouGhT ThS CD & & WaZ DiSaPoInTeD ShE CnT SiiNg @ AlL . AcTuLy It iS SoOo MuCh FuN To SiT & & LaUgH @ hEr HoRRiBle VoiCE !!! NOT JOKING >> I OWN THIS CD >> pshh the Ashlee simpson , lohan , and Duff . they ca n't sing for Magic BeAnz -LRB- U SHOULD GO BUY SUM MAGIC BEANZ 2 !!! THEY R COOL . . NO JOKE -RRB-
 I never liked Lindsay Lohan and I do n't see any difference between her and Hilary Duff . They are both talentless whores who represent everything wrong with the music and movie industries today . This album along with Hilary Duff 's absolutely dreadful `` Most Wanted '' are both two of the worst CDs to come out this year . Lindsay Lohan is also a dreadful actress as well . I ca n't believe 50 Cent wanted to date her because he is so much more talented and has so much more going for him than this stupid b!tch will ever have . Avoid this along with all of her other albums as well .
 I see no one wants to buy her album and since her dad is in jail and ca n't give her any money I 'll bet her PR people are desperately trying to brainwash the american public into buying this album so they 're writing reviews everyday to influence the young minds to spend their allowance money on this garbage . Do yourself a favour and do n't fall for it . Stay away from this garbage pop music , and do n't you dare even compare her to someone like kelly clarkson , you 've got to be kidding me!buy mariah or mary j blige 's CD 's or even kelly clarkson if you want to hear someone who can actually sing soulfully
 This album is a little better compared to her first . Her first being about her and boyy and her and boys . Her second has more emotion while she didnt even write it . The only difference from her Speak album is that now she wants people to see her life and how bad it is . This is quite ironic as her first sugested she wanted nothing to do with the news and suddenly now she is so open . Maybe its just some project for her to get sympathy -LRB- even though she parties all night , is a bad role model and is basically sleeping with every men . -RRB- I have no idea why anyone can compare her new album to Miss Clarkson and Miss Duff.These artist are what we call more `` successful '' than her . About none of Lohan songs have made it on the charts in the US , the Uk or Australia -LRB- which i live in -RRB- . Miss Clarksons album has been in the top 10 chart for a whole year and is a PLATNIUM artist selling millions of albums . Her singles have all been in the top 10 of the Australian charts and in the Uk and Us.Miss Duff 's albums such as metamorphosis has gone to NUMBER 1 in the US and Australia and Uk , her second album went straight to NUMBER 2 in the US and NUMBER 1 in Australia . Her current album sold over 200,000 coppies in the US making it NUMBER 1 and went GOLD in Australia in the first week . She has had multiple PLATNIUM singles in Australia such as So YEsterday , Our Lips are Sealed and many many more . Her current single Wake was in the top 15 in Australia and Top 10 in the Uk , she is the only artist to have such power in the music industry than Britney Spears herself.If Miss Lohan 's album is so great lets see her beat these two artist . I dont know how some of you guys can compare her to the two top pop artist in the world.Thanks for reading my pieces and hopefully i have changed your mind ... + + + + + + +
 Lindsay Lohan 's singing is just plain awful . She sounds like she 's trying way too hard to sound `` raw '' and `` angsty '' . I tried listening to all the tracks on this album but after the third song I gave up . The first three trcks sound identical , and the fact that she had the nerve to do a remake of Stevie Nicks ' `` Edge of Seventeen '' just really gets under my skin . Stevie Nicks has class AND talent , 2 things which Lohan lacks completely , so to ruin a song that was perfectly fine just the way it was seriously irks me . Skip this garbage entirely and check out Stevie Nicks instead . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Well I think some people are made to sing , blessed with beautiful voices , but others just are n't like Lindsay Lohan for example . I did n't really like the music she released on her last studio release Speak , so I decided to give her another chance just to be fair . After all everyone deserves a second chance . I listened to some tracks but I had to stop . They all sound the same and it 's so obvious that the producers spent alot of time using protools to fix that nasty voice of hers . Production wise I guess it was good , but a bit overproduced at times -LRB- see Who Loves You -RRB- . But an album is n't good just because of that . I feel an artist must use their brain to come up with something creative . On this album she co-wrote 4 out of 12 songs . How is that getting a little bit personal ? It seems like they used the same guitar riffs and it 's probably in the same key throughout . What gets me the most is her voice . Okay , I 'm not the best singer in the world , but her voice is so gross sounding and screechy . She sounds like a 40 year old soccer mom fighting over a call with the referee at a game . Listening to this album reminded me of the time these two cats were fighting in front of my house . Fans hate to admit it but the only reason Lindsay Lohan ever got a record deal is because she 's a big name teen actress . Otherwise it never would have happened . It 's the same with alot of other people in this Teen Beat Genre . Ashlee Simpson , Hilary Duff , and Lindsay Lohan might as well be the same person because it 's all unoriginal garbage and they sound the same -LRB- maybe because they use the same producers -RRB- . These people along with others -LRB- Kelly Clarkson and all those other American Idol people and Madonna too -RRB- are everything wrong with the music industry . What happened to the days when people actually worked to get a record deal ?
 Lindsay Lohan is no more a singer then Hilary Duff . Lindsay 's career started with Disney with the good hearted movie `` The Parent Trap '' . After Britney Spears singing `` Oops , I did it again '' , & `` Hit me Baby One More Time '' our taste for talent truly slipped away . This is when the music industry went insane . Agents now a days only want to promote girls that ca n't act or sing but look sexy . That 's the bottom line . Almost all singers now a days sound like they are singing through their nose.All of our so called `` Teen Queens '' are setting bad examples for young girls . The USA has some major issues . We have fat people from too much McDonalds and the anorexic superstars . I mean come on people . Let 's show a normal looking body build for a change . Lindsay Lohan needs to gain weight . FYI She looks like a corpse and sings like she 's screaming.Speak & ALMPR are not great albums . On both of the album 's Lindsay sounds like she 's horse and she sings threw her nose . None of the tracks are interesting to listen too , in fact they gave me a headache . The lyrics are not written very well as well . Please do n't by this album it really is n't anything worth your money . Some of the tracks are decent but because of the way they are mixed they just sound like noise . In fact the album made me feel ill . Try Aly & Aj or Kelly Clarkson , great artists that are proud of their bodies .
 u suck stop trying to battle hilary duff hilary will always be better than u i hope u read this ms lohan
 Lindsay is n't a bad actress at all I do enjoy her movies but music is not her thing at all . Although her voice is n't bad like hilary and ashlee I thought she was going back to school to take a break from music and movies . Her confessions video was sad and she looked really freaky like she was trying to be punk or victorian but I saw right through it .
 Lohan returns to -LRB- mostly -RRB- baffle music critics again , this time with a seemingly more `` mature '' look and sound . In the opening tune , the piano ballad gives way to a strong `` heart-wrenching '' chorus , where she 's actually touching upon a genuine subject matter that a lot of young folks might connect with , but chances are it 's gone largely unnoticed and dismissed . The bad news is that it keeps going on like that - rock-ballads with soft , everyday `` dilemma '' verses and strong , `` sing your heart out '' - choruses . The only time it really shines is in when she 's covering superior artists , putting a spin on `` Edge Of Seventeen '' , or when she returns to the more dance-floor oriented sound on `` Who Loves You '' . Stop with the fashion stuff , Linds - come back and finish up your electronic dancepop album , that might finally be something .
 Sorry folks but this is not real pop music . The Thrills , The Killers , The Cars , those are real pop bands . How about you try listining to that instead of letting radio spoon feed you with this stuff .
 I do not love this album A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- at all . All of the songs from this album are so corny . It 's got no hit songs on it ! I hate it . It made my eardrums bleed sooo bad ! Good thing I got rid of this CD and bought better music with real musicians , instead of crappy manufactured pop junk . I 'm deeply annoyed at this album ! Do n't buy this CD .
 Do n't listen to those CRAZY fans saying that Lindsay is the `` new '' Kelly ... I mean really crazy , cuz there 's just no way you can compare a true gifted and talented artist like Kelly to someone who can barely sing live like Lindsay ... This album is regular , nothing special to it , but it ai n't crap as well ... just okay ... unlike Kelly 's latest album `` Breakaway '' wich is just amazing!Honestly , reading that Lindsay sounds like Kelly ... just makes me sick ... more sick than hearing this album ...
 Well she ca n't sing and she ca n't act , so what more do you want ?
 ... but after a listen or two , it gets boring ... Best tracks on the album are covers , one from Cheap Trick 's `` I Want You To Want Me '' -LRB- Letters To Cleo made a cover as well for the movie `` 10 Things I Hate About You '' -RRB- and from Stevie Nick 's `` Edge Of Seventeen '' -LRB- Wich was poorly performed by Lohan in the American Music Awards -RRB- . These two songs are actually the reason that I gave the album 2 stars instead of 1 . The lyrics sometimes are pretty weak , and some of them got me laughing when I first heard , for instance `` it wo n't be easy 'cause it was hard '' from the track `` If It 's Alright '' . The album is very well produced , the songs have a cool beat , but the real problem is the voice , no matter how much the computer fixes it , Lindsay 's voice is n't good ... not even close to that ... If it had been recorded with an artist with a powerful and strong voice , it would have turned out an amazing album , but we have Lindsay with her not-so-strong voice and that 's one of the reason that the album is very very weak , but like I already said , enjoyable!Honestly , do n't waste your money on this one , you 'll probrably never heard it again after a week you bought it ... Instead , just download some of the songs on iTunes or another music program ... Bad songs : - Confessions Of A Broken Heart -LRB- Daughter To Father -RRB- -LRB- more annoying than the song itself , is the really long name -RRB- - Little More Personal - If You Were Me - Who Loves You - Beautiful Life -LRB- La Bella Vita -RRB- Worth-Listening Tracks : - I Live For The Day -LRB- second single by the way -RRB- - I Want You To Want Me - If It 's Alright -LRB- despise the bad lyrics -RRB- - Edge Of Seventeen -LRB- you can clearly see the difference a computer makes ! Just compare the studio `` worked '' version to the live one from the American Music Awards -RRB-
 Back them Miss Lohan may have been the next teen sensation but now a days she cant even get her trashy personal life together . If she was really this good at singing -LRB- which I highly doubt she is -RRB- she would keep this going well its been over 5 years and she hanst even made as much as one single -LRB- I guess that proves the horrible singer theory -RRB- . She ruined a classic cheap trick song while most refrains to her currupt personal life especially the relationship with her father and then somme . all in all I wouldnt buy this album or any other pice of crap she calls work of art cause lets face it Lindsay has gone from Lilo to lowlife .
 Jealous ? Not really . Just puzzled and deeply annoyed.I ca n't answer for others , but what annoys me is that there are LOTS of other , far more talented people who will NEVER get the promotion and publicity they deserve . -LRB- And I 'm NOT talking about myself or any members of my family . -RRB- When someone with no discernable talent whatsoever gets this kind of insane saturation promotion by the record industry , it 's a fair question to ask why . There are girls at my local high school who can sing and dance and play guitar much better that Lindsay can . So , like an earlier reviewer asked , WHY HER ?
 sick of lindsay , sick of her going to jail , sick of her doing drugs , sick of her confusded sexuality please anna nicole was less anooying buut do n't worry folks lindsay wo n't see 35 .
 Ladies and gentlemen , Ashlee Simpson finally has some competition to worst album of the year and her name is Lindsay Lohan who has just released her second album , A Little More Personal -LRB- Raw -RRB- . For anyone who has had to wait in line at the supermarket and glance and the tabloid rags with Lohan dancing on table with the like of Tara Reid and Paris Hilton could easily tell that Lohan has daddy issues , but that did n't keep Lohan from writing songs about it including the album opener , Confessions of a Broken Heart which lyrics sheets reads like a diary entry from the annoying moody chick in Middle School who just got grounded for the first time . To add to the agony , the song even stoops to the worst clich&eacute; in songwriting , ending the song with exactly the same line which started it . Okay , you 're waiting for the postman to bring you a letter , I get it . Maybe you should check your e-mail every once in a while too.Thing do n't get much better from there . Where Ashlee Simpson at least sound like she has had some vocal training , not much , but at least some . But for the most of the album , Lohan hits almost every note as if she has never read sheet music before and that 's when she 's not screaming at notes why out of her range as if she was auditioning for Rock Star
 I guess the problem with Lohan 's second and lastest album is that you like the songs but you wo n't want to listen to them again . They tend to be pretty catchy at first , like when I first borrowed my friend 's CD to listen to them , I liked it a lot . But after that , the CD never went into the CD player again . Alright , I downloaded some of them on my iPod , but the only songs I liked were `` Confessions of a Broken Heart '' , `` I Live For The Day '' -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , `` Edge of Seventeen '' , and `` A Beautiful Life '' . The rest ... well , `` I Want You To Want Me '' is pretty catchy at first , and so are `` My Innocence '' , `` If It 's Alright '' -LRB- so much like `` The Very Last Moment in Time '' on her last Album -RRB- , `` Fastlane '' and `` Who Loves You '' but I never listened to the whole song after the first time I played it . The others I do n't even remember what they sound like.There is also the other thing
 It 's hard to feel bad for a talentless millionaire celebrity whine about her dad . Try living under MY dad 's roof for an hour , and she 'll reach for the bottle within seconds .
 Alright , it 's been a turbulent year in Lindsay Lohan 's life , what with her dad going to the slammer , she having a weight problem , then coming out and admitting it -LRB- which is good , do n't get me wrong -RRB- , dying her hair that nasty blonde and putting on make-up that a cheap floozy would wear . Her first album sucked big time but the MTV kids still ate it up.Oh , the music ! Yes , onto the album ! Well , this is about as intense as it gets . Forget about polished vocals , synthetic instrumentals and shallow lyrics . Leave THAT to Hillary Duff . This is gritty , raw , intensene and even hardcore . Lindsay shows here she can sing without the magic of computers and vocal correction programs . -LRB- pause -RRB- I lied .
 WOW ! I am amazed that there are so many good reviews here . They must be planted by her die hard fans and friends/family members . This cd is awful - her voice is bland - and she has no vocal range whatsoever . She sounds like every other teeny bopper wanttobe musician today - she is overproduced and has no real talent . When I saw her perform at the american music awards - I was convinced that my opinion of her is correct . She is horrible live - and is way too cocky for my taste - especially when she does not have the talent to back it up . While I put her above the nasally untalented britney spears -- she is no Kelly clarkston or carrie underwood . This album is a D - .
 Well you know , I loved her first single `` Confessions of a Broken Heart -LRB- Daugther to Father -RRB- '' and the video , which I thought was beautiful . It would n't have mattered if I had previewed this album first before buying it , since I bought `` Speak '' after just hearing `` Rumors '' . This album is n't much better than `` Speak '' and to be honest , theres only three good tracks here . `` Confessions '' -LRB- which one ca n't help but notice this song was released around the same time as Madonna 's `` Confessions on a Dance Floor '' ... seems like her record company was hoping on keywords for internet searches ... -RRB- , `` I Live For The Day '' is very catchy , should be her next single if the record label wants somewhat more of an interest kept , and would sound great remixed to some dance or techno . And finally , `` If It 's Alright '' , which has a great Chorus but I think the inbetween struggles to flow with the song . Still the better of any of the tracks . And skip the remakes . I do n't know what anyone at Casablanca was possibly thinking trying to cover Stevie Nicks ' `` Edge of Seventeen '' ... the song is missing so much , it 's hard to find where to start . It has none of it 's `` Edge '' and the whole remake is weak . Do n't even bother with Track 4 . And the Innocence song , girlfriend is trying too hard to be like Christina Aguilera . She 's no `` Fighter '' ... With all the recent media surrounding her article in vanity Fair and her personal issues , it 's becoming more and more clear that lindsay might not be cut out for celebritism . Hilary will outlast her , as she should . I loved Lindsay , and was all about her , but her immaturity with the handling of her stardom seems to make her ungrateful for the chances she 's been given . She 's not Christina Aguilera ... Christina is classy sexy talented ... Lindsay is drug addict emotionally unstable Courtney Love . Hail the Duff .
 she is in a category with hilary duff and ashlee simpson but out of the 3 lindsay 's voice is n't that bad . The music on this CD is a headache though and in the first single video she looked like a scary wannabe-victorian doll . I prefer lindsay lohan in movies much more than in music .
 i 'm not really a kid -LRB- i 'm 19 -RRB- , i just did n't want to have to give an email address to post my comment . i think that it is sad that once every disney channel child actress that is remotely attractive grows up , they sell themselves to get more money . why do they find it necessary to use their bodies and sex to sell stuff just to make their wallet a little fatter ? the love of money blinds people , and it takes away their dignity , integrity , and nobility . truth be told , i have never even heard a lohan song -LRB- although i 'm sure it sucks -RRB- , but i 'm giving this album one star out of sheer principle . we are far past due for a true role model , not just for kids , but for adults as well . we need someone with significant social stature to take a stand and show that morality and values are more important than money . too bad that collective american society indocrinates people to believe the opposite .
 she 's a pretty girl with good acting skills but her musical skills are n't good enough to make an album . Though her voice is medicore it 's no different from any random person singing in the shower
 u cant honestly compare her to kelly clarkson with a straight face . kelly clarkson can sing . . and shes amazing . . lindsay lohan is alrite . I 'll agree that she 's better than hilary duff but thats all im giving her
 Having just done a review for Hilary Duff 's latest upheaval of musical crap , I have a little more pity for Lindsay Lohan - her voice has some potential , but it sounds like she 's shouting rather than singing . `` Daughter to Father '' really sounds like decent songwriting , but she 's yelling ! The vocals are a little unnerving . The songs are lackluster for the most part , but not terrible.And can someone please explain the album cover to me ?
 Oh please , the only reason you could ever listen to this garbage is if you watch MTV 24.7 , at least Lindsay is mature enoughto admit she 's pop , not rock like other bubblegum pop stars out there -LRB- !! COUGH !! ASHLEE SIMPSON COUGH !! -RRB- , i 'll give her that , but one of the major flaws of her and sooooooooooooooooo many other pop stars out there , is the fact that she went from looking normal to thinking that the only way she can sell records is by dressing like a slut -LRB- !! COUGH !! MARIAH CAREY !! COUGH !! -RRB- . Also , this album is suppsosed to be how Lohan has coped with her father 's arrest ... WHEN SHE DID N'T EVEN WRITE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The same way Ashlee 's new album I am Me is supposed to be about how she 's coped with it when she did n't even write it . So now , I 'm going to post a list a number of bands/solo-artists that you SHOULD be listening to . This is a list that I have listed many timesPINK FLOYDROLLING STONESGREEN DAYRADIOHEADAEROSMITHTHE KILLERSAC/DCTHE CURENINE INCH NAILSTHE PRETENDERSMY CHEMICAL ROMANCEDEPECHE MODEJONI MITCHELLPEARL JAMJANICE DICKENSONDAVID BOWIEELVIS COSTELLO -LRB- IN NO PARTICULAR ORDER -RRB- Thank you for your time , say NO to this crap .
 Serait-il possible de trouv&eacute; les soundtrack mais en franais.Etant jeune j' &eacute;coutais la TV mais c'est introuvable . Merci a vous tous !!!!!!!!
 These women are seriously talented ! It 's too bad their label saddled them up with a horrible selection of songs and producers . How many different orchestra hits came free with that keyboard ? Then they do n't seem to know how to promote One Voice -LRB- or do n't believe it 's worth trying at this point -RRB- . I feel bad for the group , and can only hope that they are allowed to do better work next time . At this rate , the taste for Filipino talent from the Bay is going to become over-saturated real quickly . One Voice needs to keep taking new steps the way they did with their first album , and artists like Pinay and Jocelyn Enriquez have done in the past . This is just wasted talent .
 It just absolutely baffles me how a band can go from one of the most exciting and powerful rocking bands at the end of the 90 's , to one of the most lackluster and drab of today . When I first heard `` Swim '' and `` Polythene '' I was completely floored how creative Feeder sounded . There were catchy songs -LRB- `` Polythene Girl '' , `` Cement '' , `` Sweet 16 -RRB- , heavy songs -LRB- `` Descend '' , `` Stereo World '' , `` World Asleep -RRB- and there were some slow songs that actually had feeling -LRB- `` High '' , `` Suffocate '' , `` Forgive '' -RRB- . It seemed around the turn of the century that Feeder were progressing to a more pop-oriented style , but still had some great rockers on `` Yesterday Went Too Soon '' and `` Echo Park '' . That , I could deal with because there was something for everyone . When `` Comfort In Sound '' came out it was apparent Feeder decided to ditch their edge and orginality for commonplace pop . Obviously it worked since their album sales for C.I.S. went sky high . I was praying that `` Pushing The Senses '' would see Feeder returning to their roots , what made them one of my favorite bands . I could n't have been more wrong ! P.T.S. definitely leaves right off wear C.I.S. ended ... with total boredom and sluggishness . At this stage Feeder seems to have completely evolved into Goo Goo Dolls on barbiturates . The rock has been sucked completely out of their veins and replaced with molasses . Most of the tracks find the band trying to see how possibly slow they can play a song . To me `` Tumble and Fall '' , `` Tender '' , `` Frequency '' , `` Pain On Pain '' and `` Dove Grey Sands '' are all the same song . Perfect for putting me to sleep . The only semblance of something positive on the album are `` Feeling the Moment '' and `` Pushing the Senses '' which actually sound good . There is actually some vitality in `` Pilgrim Soul '' but that comes to a screeching halt with the last 2 snoozers on the album . All the new school Feeder fans who lovethis kind of wimpy , ho-hum pop surely are reveling in this album . I ca n't see how any of the original hardcore fans could enjoy P.T.S. Unfortunately , Feeder has sold out . I ca n't say I blame them , but it surely is disappointing to see one of my favorite bands become a shadow of their former selves .
 lou barlow can be brilliant and often clueless . hes clueless here . with the exception of track 7 -LRB- great -RRB- and 9 -LRB- good -RRB- , this is an album without direction . What happened to the wonderful melodies ala one part lullaby ? This drivel should be avoided . Its like the worst of Sebadoh and most of Sebadoh was horrible .
 BJH is known to be more than influenced -LRB- obsessed , I would say -RRB- with classical music and to be able to integrate an orchestra into their compositions better than their peers -LRB- `` Moody Blues '' , for example -RRB- . On the other hand the band was trading for almost 3 decades -LRB- since 1970 -RRB- in lightweight uninspiring music and has managed to build a devoted following.At the early stage they were supported by John Peel -LRB- who had a weakness for oddities -RRB- and labeled as `` poor man 's Genesis '' . Honestly , I tried really hard to listen to BJH , but still I ca n't feel excited or inspired by this rather dull and shallow music , but it 's a matter of taste
 I keep trying to give this band a chance , because I hear in certain circles that people like them . In all honesty , I ca n't understand why people in the metal scene would enjoy this . This is NOT latin-influenced metal , like so many people say . This album , and the previous one as well , is latin-influenced POP/ADULT CONTEMPORARY with a metal guitar riff thrown in every couple songs . In the first song on this album they say they 've been at this for 10 years . Well , if that 's the case ... they need to try waiting for another 10 before trying to record another album . If you want REAL latin-influenced new school metal that is done effectively , try a band called ILL NINO . Ill Nino buries these fools .
 After their amazing first album , which was the perfect blend of bilingual metal , jazz , and salsa , this one comes off as a huge disapointment . Somewhere , for some reason , they lost most of their salsa/jazz influences and went generic nu-metal -LRB- the downfall of metal -RRB- with latin percussion , something Sepultura masterd a long time ago -LRB- true metal , not this nu-metal -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB- . There are still some gems , like Si Aja , Pa'Ti Pa'Mi , and Ahorake and the production/musicianship is still as good as before , but I found myself skipping through most of the songs . Get Fundamental instead .
 Their third effort was a real let down . After two terrific albums , Night Songs and Long Cold Winter , Cinderella 's time has passed . By getting away from the hard rock roots , this album just fizzels with just a song or two that stand out . Their previous albums contain 5-6 rockin songs each . This one is nothing but a dud that killed their career . To bad to . After they reached new heights musically on Long Cold Winter , everyone had such high expectations for this album . To get a feeling what Cinderella was all about check out their first two efforts .
 I give them credit for trying something different , but like most metal bands who try something different , generally it 's something that has already been done better by someone else . Here , Cinderella is trying to do their version of the Rolling Stones ' `` Exile On Main Street '' -LRB- and on `` Love 's Got Me Doin ' Time '' , their version of Sly & the Family Stone -RRB- , much as Motley Crue tried to be Soundgarden on their self-titled release , and as Kiss tried to be Pink Floyd on `` Music From The Elder '' . Well , Kiss are no Pink Floyd , Motley Crue are no Soundgarden , and Cinderella , competent as they are on their instruments and songwriting , are no Rolling Stones -LRB- nor are they even the Black Crowes or Lenny Kravitz , who made their careers being derivative of their idols , but are far more adept at doing so -RRB- . Filling an album up with slide guitar , horns , banjo , organ , gospel-style backing vocals , and various other rootsy sounds is a respectable move , but it was n't one that was going to gain them any new fans . The most irritating thing about it by far is lead singer/songwriter Tom Keifer 's voice , which was never that great to begin with but at least was far more suited to the crunching hard rock of `` Night Songs '' and `` Long Cold Winter '' than it is to their stab at classic rock on `` Heartbreak Station '' . At times his screech reminds me of Lady Elaine Fairchild on `` Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood '' -LRB- `` Boomerang , Toomerang , Soomerang ! '' -RRB- . As for their songwriting , a certain blandness permeates everything . Two of the album 's three singles , `` The More Things Change '' and `` Shelter Me '' , sound virtually the same.Cinderella knew that they would 've been doomed if they 'd put out another clone of their first two albums , and this album did succeed somewhat in separating them from the hair metal pack , but it was really too late for anything to work long term at this point . Within a year , Nirvana 's `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' would charge through and steamroll over virtually all form of music that had previously been labelled `` rock '' , and render it suddenly irrelevant .
 What a bad album . If you wan na really know what glam is all about , listen to this masterpiece of bad rock .
 There was never anyone better than John Stewart . From the first album he did with the Kingston Trio until his voice began to desert him on `` Rough Sketches , '' he wrote passionate , poetic , creative songs and delivered them with a voice that I would have given everything I have ever owned , hope to own , and could dream of owning , to possess . I waited for each new album with more anticipation than I felt at Christmas.Then I bought and played `` Havana . '' I cried whan Kennedy was shot . I cried when my high school girlfriend said it was over . I cried when each of my parents died . And I cried when I played this CD.He ca n't sing anymore . He does n't even come close to singing . The people who praise this album are worshipping a fallen god , whose fall from greatness they can not accept . Stay away from this CD . It hurts . IT HURTS !!!!
 Please do n't buy this CD . The voice on it is so bad . It is sad to hear what use to be a great voice . Listen to his earlier stuff before buying this .
 Time to hang up the saddle , Cowboy .
 there is no structure or actual talent present at all in this cd ! all it is is just more scream scream scream nu metal . if you like real music check out the strokes , puddle of mudd , and smile empty soul . those bands have talent ! this is utter crap !
 there is no structure or actual talent present at all in this cd ! all it is is just more scream scream scream nu metal . if you like real music check out the strokes , puddle of mudd , and smile empty soul . those bands have talent ! this is utter crap!if you want to contact me about more good music , my email is -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm usually a fan of `` tribute '' CD 's , unfortunately I found this one to be a disappointment . A few of the selections have interesting rhythmic and acappella arangements , `` Because '' and `` Hello Goodbye '' . But most of it just comes accross as rather cheesy . It sort of sounds like a Carribean cruise ship band recorded this . It could use a little more edge . Where 's Ry Cooder when you need him ?
 This cd totally misses the mark . Save your money and buy the real thing , if you do n't already own it . Some cuts sound like bad skits on Saturday Night Live . This concept simply does not work-for either Latin music or the Beatles . Bad idea . Good and earnest musicians but still a bad idea .
 Sorry , folks . This CD is bad . Maybe horrible . The arrangements do not sound very Beatles-like . The music is so-so . And the group lacks a talented singer . The vocals detract from the songs . I buy a lot of CDs and this is the worst selection of the last 2 years . Suggest you save your money for something of better quality .
 I once owned this album ; I got sucked in by the hype and glowing reviews and after some test listenings decided that I would give it a shot . I tried to like it , I really did . I guess my tastes run more into the realm of GOOD metal , you know , Shadows Fall , Iron Maiden , Bloodbath , In Flames ... What I 'm trying to say here is I like my metal to be driving , with melody and/or a strong song structure that is n't faded by changes.This just sounds like a bunch of guys tuning their instruments . Sorta like jazz.If you like your metal to have a purpose and direction with a clear formula , stay away from this band.I 'll give it two stars
 It seems that nowadays all sort of noisy and yelled music has to be simply labeled as `` Heavy Metal '' -LRB- maybe music critics are in need of some professional help , as a librarian or a linguist -RRB- , so Mastodon is no exception.For me , their sound is a complete disappointment
 First off this band doesnt Thrash so what makes them metal ? Second of all I saw them live this past week as an opening act to slayer and Mastodon succeeded in putting me to sleep . . Repetative power chords is all I heard with offkey screaming . If recklessly bashing the drums and playing sloppy chords is what people compare to metallica then those critics who make that comparison are talking about St Anger metallica which isnt really metallica . If you compare this to Kill em all up to the black album , it doesnt come close . .
 after hearing mastadon this mastodon that i was expecting something good ... This album has little to offer musically and is very mediocre . I am not impressed . The person who made the comparison to St. Anger is dead on here . Luckily , i live near a cd store that takes used cds for money . i know youll buy it anyways since theres so many good reviews here , just remember
 Several things initially turned me on to this CD . Firstly , the artwork -LRB- both inside the CD and out -RRB- is outstanding . Second , what a concept - who could resist a metal album about Moby Dick?So i bit on the bait , dropped the ~ $ 12 or so , and got the CD -LRB- with the extra `` enhanced '' CD that really is n't worth your time -RRB- . The first song , `` Blood & Thunder '' , really is a good piece of work . The singer 's voice actually sounds like Captain Ahab , and you get a strong sense of the paranoia Ahab had as well as the pounding of cold seas against a ship hunting the white beast . Good stuff.However , after that , the album drops off . There are some decent moments that come to the surface , but , overall , it gets boring . The `` other '' singer -LRB- sorry , have n't checked out their names -RRB- really , and i mean * really * , sucks . He has a drony voice that sounds like it should be on some teenie bopper chick band - definitely not suited for the `` rip your head off and replace it with a zombie head '' metal genre -LRB- i.e. doom rock or doomish rock -RRB- . It 's too bad that this album could n't let loose and really punch . i get the impression that the guys in Mastadon listen to Matchbox 20 and Collective Soul -LRB- or the like -RRB- on the side - that has to be where the softness comes from . i 'm totally serious too ... so much of this album feels like a pillow hitting your face instead of a baseball bat , and an annoying pillow at that.Anyways , if you are a fan of doom metal or just raw unadulterated rock , i would recommend checking out High on Fire 's `` Blessed Black Wings '' over this -LRB- if you have n't already -RRB- . Get this one if it 's in the bargin bin .
 21/2 Ambitiously crude hardcore shows proof of relevance beyond the label yet falls back on stereotypes so many times .
 The material on this album worked OK in concert . But without the light show and the energy of the crowd feeding back to the band , it falls flat on the CD.Strengths :1 . The cover art is far better than what is on most recent heavy metal albums .2 . The instrumental playing is forceful and energetic.Weaknesses :1 . The vocals -- real singer needed . Nearly all of the selections on the CD die as soon as the vocals kick in -LRB- that 's probably what will keep this off of commercial radio -RRB- .2 . The songs . They start out strong , but never progres , so they become monotonous about halfway through . The instrumental playing lacks the subtlety and variation needed to keep the songs interesting.Every really bad rock cliche is well-represened here . The good cover art can not offset the mediocrity of the actual music contents.Histrionics are used as a substitute for craftsmanship on most of the CD . While that is a plus in concert , it just makes listening to the the CD tiresome . Howling vocals with no real melody or rhythm sense are placed out in front of thud-pucker bass riffs , plodding drumbeats , and masturbatory -LRB- but non-climaxing -RRB- guitar riffs . Musically , the songs go no place.Commercially successful Metal-music is deeply rooted in fast muscle cars and big-iron motorcyles . So , there is nothing wrong with speed , power , sound and fury . But instead of being fast , furious , and powerful , Mastodon just do smoky burnouts -- they rev loud , but only do it in ` Neutral . ` Mastodons were big hairy elephant-like North-American creatures that went extinct during the last ice age . As herbovoirs , they were not fast , powerful , or furious - they were just big , clumsy and stupid . They looked tough , but were n't ; they could not adapt to change ; they evolved in an age of biological excess and abundance , but perished when they had to compete for resources.Perhaps the pretentious name chosen by this band for themselves is more apt than they knew . Like their namesake , this band seems headed for an ingominious extinction .
 ... but for all the wrong reasons!My cat hates me now.You know how cats do that thing with their ears , when they hear a noise that really annoys them ? You 're gon na feel the same way.My houseplants have also suddenly wilted.I bought this album because I am big fan of `` Moby Dick , '' and I read -LRB- in Andrew Delbanco 's recent biography of Melville -RRB- that the lyrics were in large part inspired by the 1851 classic.Big mistake.First of all , not all of the songs deal with ol' Mobsie . There are a couple , such as `` Joseph Merrick , `` Iceland , '' and `` Megalodon '' that have nothing to do , as far as I can see , with Melville 's book.And for those few song whose lyrics do indeed have something to do with `` Moby-Dick '' -LRB- not that you 'll be able to decipher the orcish growling that has been used here instead of singing -RRB- , they engage with the novel in a very unimaginative and superficial way.Here 's an example of the kind of astute literary exegesis you 'll be in store for if you buy this album : `` Time and spaceAll aloneIt can be a lonely placeThere it goesOpening upI ca n't standI ca n't breatheRolled fin outOil strippedHold is filled `` Real deep , huh ? Leslie Fiedler , move over.As for the music , as with any death metal , you 've really got to listen to these tunes many times before it sinks its claws into you and you get a groove going . In the case of this album , that will require several dozen listenings , I imagine . Possibly several thousand.Yeah , I knew it was `` thrash metal '' when I bought it . I just did n't realize how `` thrashy '' it was . Perhaps a `` thrashometer '' on the CD case would have been helpful.Seriously , I ca n't trash this thrash unreservedly , though . You got ta give it this
 again afer reading reviews of this tripe in metal hammer i decided to buy it over the net , pffffft , this is absolute garbage people , you would have thought that the cover would have warned me , but i thought to myself `` if metal hammer rates it , then hey , thats good enough for me '' but never again will i take the advice of that magazine without listening first , there is nothing outstanding or groundbreaking , they are just plain bloody boring with lyrics for every song of ` ye olde ' sailors battling the sea beasts of the deep , it 's as cheesy as you can get do n't waste your time or $ $ $ . get drunk on a bottle of rum and run around your room with an eye patch if you wan na be a pirate , it 's more fun than listening to this crap .
 Take a group of guys with instruments and push them down a couple flights of stairs and then take another guy with a pound of sh*t stuck in his throat and call him a `` vocalist '' and you have this overrated CD . How in the hell anyone can say there is any Black Sabbath in this CD is beyond me . That 's a huge insult to the greatest metal band of all time . If hype can get people to buy something like this , then it can sell anything . This type of crap has already been done before and apparently it will be done again and some fool will drool over it . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I realy do not know what people see in mastodon ? I mean , mastodon 's songs are so fogetable , annoying , cheesy and whats with the southern rock feel ? It just does n't fit with the agressive sound at all ... What 's mastodon trying to be ? Down ? If so , they need to stop it , before Phil beats them up . Ha ha . If you guys wnat a band that has songs you will foget three minutes after you hear it and a sound that just does n't do anything for you but either bores you or makes you angry of how cheesy it is . I always felt that mastodon 's music has always been rushed and you know what ? It has and i hope they suffer for it . If you love true metal , do not even bother !
 Honestly , with all the hype surrounding `` Mastodon '' I was fairly excited to hear what it was all about . But when I heard the cd , I thought it was a joke . They were probobly one of the worst bands I have ever heard . All the reviews said that they were supposodly the next Metallica ? yeah right
 Lethargy was miles away from what mastodon is doing , those former Lethargy members gave up on an uncommercial challenging sound parallet to the mighty Atheist for some arena rock were only the drummer still does things right , the rest just would n't dare to try experimental arrangements . Adam Routier bass lines are an urgency their sound , mastodon music is just processed junk for mass consumption .
 i , personaly , think that this cd is boring . there is only one mediocre song which is blood and thunder . other than that , the cd is exceptionally horrible .
 I had a listen to this band because they were being touted as being groundbreaking etc. . Man , it 's just the usual boring adolescent death metal . Bad vocals and a bunch of minor key riffs tied together . The guys sound like they have some playing ability but they are not anywhere near Jazz Fusion as some have suggested . This is DEATH METAL . Do not be fooled . Someone liked them to Coltrane , ha ha ha ha . Gim me a break .
 This was an album I bought by mistake thinking it was John Elefante 's band . I ' t was n't and I did n't like it . Too much anger and hate .
 Jurado 's earlier attempts , in particular `` Rehearsals For Departure '' were complete successes - `` Postcards and Audio Letters , '' however , is the worst purchase I have ever made . Amazon.com fails to mention that this is a spoken-word CD - far beyond the reaches of Jurado 's poetic license as a virtual nobody in the music world . Everybody should own some Jurado . Nobody should own this this particular Jurado .
 The same performance is found in `` Europa Konzert From Palermo '' togather with Brahms 's violin concerto that I bought four years ago . The performance was very good and the picture was quite good.I bought the current disc thinking it is a newer recording with better picture . It turned out to be the same recording and no improvement in the picture , although it has half the music and they could reduce the picture compression.It is also rediculous that this disc is more expensive . So buy the Eoropa concert , save some morey and have more music .
 As a die hard Willie fan of over 25 years I consider this album to be the low point in Willies recording career.I have no problem with the content , just the very poor and sloppy performance given by Willie . Did he really want to do this album ? At times the vocals are dire with Willie struggling to reach or maintain the notes . This is definitely the worst album Willie has ever recorded and released onto an unsuspecting public . We , the fans , deserve better from someone of Willies stature and history
 Sorry , this is n't one of Willie 's best . It did n't get my toes a tapping .
 This is bloody awful . I want my money back . I am a fan and have most of his cds but this is the worst . Has he ran out of material > ??????? Do n't waste your money ...
 I am disappointed in this DVD
 Why not to write two little words in product description , such a `` IN GERMAN '' ? Unless I 'm missing something . Not everybody has the time to read other customers ' reviews to figure this out . Very little music , too much talk . AND in German . Very dissapointed by the people who present the product to the public . PLEASE BE MORE SPECIFIC NEXT TIME , WO N'T YOU ?
 A rare misfire from the Sittelle label , as most of their nature CDs have at least some merit , this collection of whale sounds is a close-to-unlistenable mess . The recordings used here have appeared on other CDs and tapes I have heard -LRB- they are listed as copyrighted by the Marine Mammal Fund -RRB- , and a lot of them are muddy sounding and flat . If you are looking for whale CDs , you 'd be better off with Roger Payne 's classics like `` Songs of the Humpback Whale '' or the boxed set `` The Sounds of Marine Mammals in the Wild , '' which have better sound quality .
 From the juxtaposition in the title of `` 20th Century Masters '' with `` Best of Scorpions '' , through each of the songs the laughs never end.This is a perfect CD . If you are Beavis or Butthead you can rock out , if you have a brain you can laugh your a * s off at the indescribable suckitude of Scorpions.Seriously though , I expected more from this CD given Germany 's long history of extraordinary pop music .
 This stuff was popular when I was in grade school . I liked it well enough then , but I moved onto better stuff . There is some good guitar work on this album . However , it is as the Joe Satriani band , except the Scorpions have a vocalist . I 'm not going to say that these guys ca n't play . Richie Kotzen put out an album with a guitarist I revere , Greg Howe . What I will say is that the canvas that the Scorpions play their music over is pathetic . Guitar solos over pathetic chord changes do n't make for good albums . I find this music borderline annoying , and easy to get sick of . The Scorpions are another one of those 80s hair bands that all played the same style . When I think of the Scorpions it conjures up the idea that they were just a fad , and in that comparable to Def Biscuit and the Korn Tones . This is commercial music . It is meant to sell . It is a cold and calculated attempt of a band and corporate America to get rich by following the fad formulas of the day . I will admit that this band is easily recognizable because their vocalists sings in a weird but unique style . However , if you remove the vocalist , the Scorpions are impossible to recognize as different from the music of their day . For example , you could take a song without vocals by Stryper and compare it to a song by the Scorpions , essentially there is zero difference.Keywords
 I really do not like the 20th century Masters line up of discs that try to cover all of the `` Best & Greatest '' songs from various bands . The problem is that 10 tracks hardly constitutes enough coverage to do a group justice.And here for the Scorpions , one of my favorite bands , this horrible series rears it 's horrendus , ugly head.Now it does have some of the Scorps best songs that you might of heard on the radio like `` Rock you like a Hurricane '' `` Still Loving You '' `` big city Nights '' `` Winds of Change '' `` No One Like You '' ect , but i just cant imagine a Scorpions song collection with out `` Blackout '' `` Love Drive '' `` Passion Rules the Game '' `` Now ! '' `` Lady Star Light '' ect . There are just better collections out there .
 I 've been trying to figure out the most cost-effective way to get my hands on as much good Reagan stuff as possible . I shyed away from the expensive 4-vol video set and got two volumes of this CD series , but it 's very disappointing . The track `` Berlin Wall '' is n't even THE speech at the Berlin Wall . Also missing is the great speech he gave before the Pres. election of 1964 . Of course there 's great stuff here -LRB- `` Farewell Address '' for ex . -RRB- but I enjoyed the books-on-tape version of `` In His Own Words '' , rather than this mish-mash of convention speeches and Statue of the Union addresses ...
 This CD advertises that it contains the `` Berlin Wall '' Speach . It does NOT . So , if you 're looking for that one , dont ' buy this CD .
 The Berlin speech . The wall was already coming down whenReagon said `` tear down that wall '' The Pope was very instrumental in this , but got no credit .
 Boybands are like a celebration of the youth . Talented young men with great looks and good voices - their image is so unspoiled , their energy is striking . When is comes to music though they usually fail to offer anything earthshattering . Furthermore it 's somehow weird how the spotlight always focuses on only one or two members even though most of the times we 're dealing with a five-piece band . With that in mind , Take That were an exception of some sort since many of their songs -LRB- '' Back For Good '' , '' Pray '' -RRB- are simply still great to listen while three band members went solo after the group 's brake-up , proving that besides beautty and the moves , they indeed had artistic ambition as well . From the three , Robbie Williams has had many ups and downs all these years . Commercialy speaking , right now he is experiencing a career pick . He is massive in Europe and the ultimate pop idol in his homeland , Britain . '' Escapology '' , his latest offering is an overall satisfying pop record which lacks though anything truly gripping or challenging . Many songs like the recent cd-single '' Sexed Up '' start full of promises yet never take off . The problem seems to be that Williams nowadays tends to be more macho than pop and there 's this obsession torturing the people behind him -LRB- as a recent photo-shoot for the cover of Q magazine clearly displays -RRB- that he must be promoted as something totally different from what he used to be
 Escapology is the desperate sound of Robbie Williams pricey new contract and his forthcoming attempt to , once again , conquer America . Not the deepest of talents , Williams makes -LRB- or , rather , made -RRB- pleasantly inconsequential pop tunes for an adoring worldwide public . He 's a cheeky `` person '' with a talent for sincere balladry and self-promotion . Well , the self-promotion is in full swing on Escapology ; everything else suffers in comparison . The ballads have all eyes on the marketplace . Hard to sing about love when you 're checking out your chart placement . And the rockers are , well , Robbie , hate to tell you , but limp . Two songs are worth your time - the jaunty `` Feel '' , where Robbie wants to feel `` real love '' -LRB- how common of him -RRB- , and `` Me and My Monkey '' , a long narrative where Robbie takes his monkey to Vegas , gets high , sees Sheena Easton , and has a Mexican stand-off with a real live Mexican . He 's a live wire , that Robbie , wants to take out his `` old fella '' and whomp it up against your tush in the very first song . Would it kill him to buy us a drink first ?
 In comparison to his other albums , escapology is truly not his best album . I am disapointed that I actually wasted my money buying this album , its a complete waste . These songs are nothing compared to the songs - Supreme , Millenium , Let love be your energy.So if you are a big fan of robbie , go ahead buy it but keep the bill ready cause you are gona exchange it .
 Usually , I am an absolute huge fan of Robbie Williams , I 'm in complete love with everything I can manage to get my hands on over here in America.When I heard about Robbies new album I was absolutely ecstatic , especially when it seemed as though he was getting a big push here in America for once . Then I heard `` Feel '' on the radio and saw the video on Fuse , and I grew even more excited , `` Feel '' was a great song and could really do a lot for him over here in my opinion . Then the album comes out and I rush to my local store to get it on the day it debuts and ... it 's horrible!Where 's the robbie I 've come to know and love ? where 's his old cocky self ? that attitude that he 's going to take over the world and still look damn good doing it ? This album just lacked all of that in my opinion , and was definately not the album to knock the door down over here.So I will sit and patiently wait for Robbies next album which will hopefully be a return to his older music and will be the album to finally make him the star he so deserves to be in America .
 I purchased almost all Robbie 's albums and DVDs , but this one is really way disappointing.He definately wants to try everything but he totally lost his style this time.If I heard these songs from the radio , I wo n't believe they are from the great star in Singing When You 're Winning . The music is restless and in trand , but could be from any 20 year old new comer.Maybe the right thing for Robbie to do is to escape from his success for sometime .
 Robbie Williams is a showman , he puts on a great show , and his two previous albums were great music . This album doesnthave a song that radio or the public will like . Sexed Up is embrassing and im not sure what hes trying to say . Feel is a songthat I guess Robbie thought would get huge airplay and become the hit that will break him into the USA market . It wont ! The album is a mixture of fast and slow songs , it will not win him any newfans and might end up losing him some .
 To me , a longtime fan of Sir Robert , I think this record is a big let down . The jokes are getting a bit old and the music is n't as catchy or fun either . It 's not all bad though , the single `` Feel '' is very good , on par with his best work . I also liked the classic Robbie sound of Sexed Up and Monsoon . Escapology has it 's moments , but they are too far and few to make up for the weak points.But the rest of the disc goes way downhill . the biggest misfire on the album comes in at song number 10 , `` Me and My Monkey '' , it is seven grueling minutes about a talking ape and Robbie going to Vegas to look for hookers and cash . The entire song is done in a latin/western vibe as well , and it 's just a bad tune from Sir Rob . The rest of the record is n't quite as bad as that moment , but it is n't much better either . The whole lot suffers from over-production and bad puns that wear off after a second listen . Cursed and Song 3 -LRB- terrible title -RRB- grow way too old before their time and stuff like Love Somebody lacks any of the catchy punch found on previous records.So , is this the 80 million dollar hit machine EMI is banking on ? Maybe , but not quite yet . I suggest getting I 've been Expecting you or even the domestic The Ego Is Landed .
 Track 14 -LRB- Nan 's Song -RRB- contains 2 hidden songs . The first oneruns from 3:58 to 5:57 and the second one begins at 12:09 . I found out the second song is called `` I Tried Love , '' butstill need help with the first song . If anyone can help , please e-mail me at joechan099 at hotmail . Thanx in advance .
 I could n't be a bigger fan of Robbie Williams , but this CD was a big let down . First of all , be warned , its full of bad language . My 13 year old son is also a fan and I wo n't let him listen to this one . Secondly , this is mostly Robbie bragging about himself and his prowess . He just signed a big contract and I think his head is about to explode . He also puts down his fans saying , basically , that he is just using them for what he can get . The melodies are nothing new either . The two stars are for ` Feel ' which is a decent , thoughtful song . Sorry , but most people ca n't relate to the rantings of a British pop star .
 ... the one on the album cover I mean . Musically this man could n't escape out of a paper bag . At least his clinky little tunes used to have the power to nauseate , notably Rock DJ . His new album , whilst less offensive than the previous two is only so because of its uniform blandness . It is to your lasting credit America that you give the third most/least talented member of dire boy band Take That the short shrift he deserves . Britney looks like Patti Smith next to this plonker .
 Im shocked , Robbie has tried to be so arty but it hasnt worked , bring back the old robbie , your not moby you know !!!
 I urge you all to refuse to buy discs like this one that are not proper CDs , but abuse the CD name to sell you something that can not be played on many CD players.Just say No to cheating record companies !
 To compare him to Elton John -LRB- True KING OF POP -RRB- and George Michael -LRB- Pop Prince Of Yesteryear -RRB- is ridiculous ! This is the BLANDEST recorded music from any artist ... lackluster , no punch noise . Just because a guy strips naked and shows his privates does n't make him a `` musician '' . Williams is so lucky to have scored the mediocre `` Angels '' as any form a hit single in the U.S.A. , period . So called ` singers ' of his calibre are a dime a dozen here in America . Nick Lachey 's `` Soulo '' album easily outshines any of Williams ' recorded efforts on any level . And all you people wonder WHY America has n't caught on to pseudoporn pinup Williams ?
 I saw this album and I thought cool title , cool cover and it 's Robbie Williams , ex Take That member.I bought it and I was like what is this?The lyrics make no sense and the music is so boring.The only good songs Robbie Williams has done are with Take That and `` Angels '' .
 I can not beleive Robbie would be so concern about hisimage , and about breaking into the states , that he wouldan album like this , does he want to be someone he is n't ? The songs are poorly written , but they are sang okay.The selection of songs dont flow , and the album justwont work in any country . EMI are in huge trouble nowthey will be looking for more Beatles albums and beggingGarth Brooks to come out of retirment , so make up for themoney they have lost on this guy .
 Someone said Robbie Wiliams is a superstar like Madonna worldwide ? ... well not quite . I do n't think people think of RW as a legend or an icon , not even in the UK . RW tried the big band sound and failed . It was a pathetic record . While I like some songs from his earlier albums , with this one he seems to just go back to the old tried and true formula , i.e. the Guy Chambers sound -LRB- who actually made records before teaming up with RW -RRB- . RW 's lyrics are the same old egoistic trite stuff . He 's not an `` artist . '' You can call him an entertainer but he will never be an artist . His music is not art . It 's a commercial product and he 's a good promoter . His humor is so tired . And I find his continuous effort to break into America really pathetic . An album is supposed to be coherent when you made it and most true artists would try to preserve their original . But his American releases are all modified to suit local tastes . This is commercial music . You may like it the first few times but his music gets very tired and irritating after 5 spins - this is what happens when there 's no substance . Guy Chambers is an able musician and songwriter . Shame his talent is wasted on this talentless clown . If you want good British melodic rock music , try Mull Historical Society and Electric Soft Parade .
 I 've known about Robbie since before 1995 when I lived in Amsterdam and he was part of the group Take That . While he has obvious stage presence and talent as an entertainer , his abilities as a songwriter are strictly limited . Limited to writing about himself . Let me summarize . He 's depressed . He has a hard time with celebrity . Out of curiousity -LRB- and hoping he 'd done something worth my time -RRB- I listened to Escapology at the megastore downtown and I 've got to wonder , what were he and his record company thinking ? This is the same egotistical -LSB- stuff -RSB- that was on his first CDs . Except that now he sounds like some MOR-on like Michael Bolton . I kept fast-forwarding and could n't believe it when I reached the last track -- Escapology has even fewer beats than Sing While You 're Winning -LRB- which I unfortunately bought without listening to first -RRB- . That one went straight to the public library . All his fans wonder why he is n't big here in the States . They criticize American listeners and say we do n't understand the humor , the sarcasm , the irony . If that 's so , why does Eminem sell and not Robbie ? Perhaps because one has the cred to back it up and the other does n't ? Honestly , spend your money on something else .
 What is it with this guy , each and every album he produces is different to that of the last one . That has probably been the secret of his success in the UK and Europe , but at the age of 27 surely he should have found somekind of diretion.Alas this album highlights that Robbie Williams just follows the latest fads and changes . When I think of the music produced by British artists over the years I think of Radiohead , The Beatles , The Sex Pistols etc bands that actually pushed the boundaries of music . Now all we get is this guy who seems to think that the world revolves around him , without him actually achieving anything.What with the garbage being churned out in the music industry today it is hard to see how this album will fail .
 A star ca n't shine forever , ai n't it ? At least to me ! Mind you , I was a big Robbie fan , owning all his albums and singles , until he turned Sinatra . Being the most decorated Brit popstar , and later managed to be a sweet ol' crooner , really got to his head I suppose ! None of the 14 songs here is even worthy of mention . Simply said , they are all tuneless and void of melody . I ca n't even remember a single tune here , not to mention his arrogant lyrics -LRB- especially in `` Handsome Man '' -RRB- . Has any songs been released as singles ? Not that I know of . Well , none of em is good enough !
 If Robbie Willimas could be compared to a food type itwould be KFC , nice to listen to , but it has no value whatso ever . The songs are so simple on this cd , it could ofbeen written by a child.He really needs to go back to music school , Sexed Up is justplain stupid , his image of going out and getting drunk wonthelp the dismal first week sales either . Robbie has reallyhurt himself with this album . Its quite sad , really .
 I think this is the worst CD Robbie Williams has released to date . The music is so unappealing . I bought the CD in Europe and I was particularly irritated by the copy protection that wo n't let you save the CD in your hard disk -LRB- this protection should be illegal in the US , right ? -RRB- -- and by the ... euros I had to shell out . Why it is being sold in the US for $ ... beats me , but I do n't think it 's worth it , either .
 Yeppers give it a rest Robbie , their is nothing worsethan a man , trying to act and sing like a 14 year old.The music on this album will take your breath away becauseits so bad . He trys to go deep on the album 's ballads , buthe sounds like a wash up Vegas singer . This must be withouta doubt , the worst of this career , he needs to grow up interms of his image and his music , or else he wont be aroundin a years time .
 Artist Name is `` Wild Cherry `` Song Title is `` Play That Funky Music White Boy `` not include ...
 My opinion bout this cd is quite the same as corinne brocki . . I 'm really eager to buy this soundtrack so so much because I love the songs in the movie , yet the orchestra songs good 2 . . but I 've search in many cd 's stores and still could find the cd . . they said the cd has n't come out yet . . so I check in the internet to know when it would come out in indonesia and get some review of the musics inside the cd but I ca n't find any kind of music except orchestra . . =-LRB- I really really want to hear the songs in the movieeee but not the orchestra one . pls pls pls pls compiled the songs in the movie into a cd . . I really like it so much !!! ^ ^
 That is all well and good . But does anybody know the names of the artists that perform the songs , so i can see if I like them ?
 I saw the movie , and in the beginning of the movie there was this really weird music with an egyptian sound somewhere . The music was played during the scene where we first get to see the school where the two `` heroes '' of the story work . Could anyone help me find out who the arist -LRB- s -RRB- is/are and what the title of this song is , because it kinda rocked : -RRB-
 Good thing I just borrowed the CD from a friend . This CD ... how do I put it in polite terms ... does n't meet my standards . What happened to Self 's `` Out With A Bang ? '' Instead of titling this as a soundtrack , why does n't Amazon just say original score ? It 's misleading . I recommend that no one buys this monstrousity .
 The name of the song playing at the Country Club Party is ... Baby , Come on over ... By , Samantha Mumba ... Hope you enjoy ... It took my man 2 hrs . to find it ... : - -RRB-
 I bought this because I thought it would have the songs from the movie . The songs in the movie are great but this CD is only the musical score ... . Disapointing .
 I agree with Sarah ... where is the theme music that was played during the movie and the end ??? I saw the movie before the soundtrack came out and was really excited about buying it . I loved the theme song ! But now after seeing the song titles I will not buy it . It 's just not what I expected as a `` Soundtrack '' .
 I bought this soundtrack for many reasons , but one of them was to hear the song that is used as the theme for the movie Evolution . The new version `` play that funky music white boy '' is used throughout the movie , in every trailer , and other reference to the movie . I was very disappointed to find this song no where on the album . Do n't get me wrong the rest of the music is okay but it does n't include the movies main song .
 Hi everyone to clear things up if you are looking for the song at the end of the film `` Where the smiley face appears '' its called `` Out With A Bang '' By `` Self '' now this is a really hard song to find its from their album `` Ornament And Crime '' if u manage to get a copy like my self u wont be disapointed ! :-RRB- , as for this soundtrack :-LRB- it anit my cup of tea as my fav song `` Self '' was not included , to bad ! anyways just thought i 'd give u guys my 2 cents worth ;-RRB- .
 Beware ! This CD is only the background music from the movie , none of the good songs or even vocal overlays . It is a supreme disapointment .
 Now I bought this soundtrack because I wanted to hear that song that was played very often through the whole movie . You know the oe where the french horns are playing that carnival music and that lady hums with it , that 's not on the soundtrack . Maybe it is and it 's hiddn within , but it 's not in any of the songs I listened to . The music is ok though .
 I purchase from amazon all the time and never write reviews but this album was so bad I felt compelled to do so - for example the instrumentation used in the True Romance piece is nothing near the soundtrack - if you want a Yani or John Tisch type syrup job with live audience clapping interruptions then this album is suitable - otherwise it is so bad maybe a goodwill box can find a use for it .
 Ever buy a CD you had high hopes for and when you got it - it became one you quickly decided you would only listen to once ? That would be my experience with this . Over-orchestrated , there is nothing subtle about this recording , it is loud and bombastic . Many of my favorites - such as the Lion King pieces - were reworked and changed miserably . I absolutely loved Zimmers ' ~ Millennium
 This lyric from Crimson 's newest offering aptly describes the album itself . `` The Power to Believe '' is an unsettling and unappealing waste of the prodigious musical skills of Fripp and company , one that leaves the listener longing for a melody and structure . Strange that this album should come from the same band that gave us Red , which demonstrated conclusively that musical force could be created without sacrificing listenability.Most of the songs on `` Power '' continue the decentered sonic assault that has characterized Crimson 's last several albums -LRB- with the welcome exception of some tracks on Constrkction of Light -RRB- . The majority of the album seems intentionally-composed to disappoint the naive listener who might wish to relate to the album on a basic , visceral level . The primary exception is `` Eyes Wide Open '' , a saccharine and ineffective shadow of `` Matte Kudasai '' . I have been a fan of King Crimson for many years and I have seen them go through several incarnations . This latest ensemble leaves me completely unmoved . I hope for brighter days ahead from the band .
 I 'll preface all of this with the fact that I 've seen King Crimson at least a dozen times and have most of their records . I 've been a big fan for a long time.I just came back from seeing them at the Beacon Theater in NYC . They sucked plain and simple . Actually to say that would be an insult to bands that really suck . I would have preferred to see a single encore by Living Colour than the entire King Crimson set!I gave this record a listen first . I like it a bit more than the Construction of Light -LRB- which should be renamed to the `` Perpetuation of Pomposity '' -RRB- . But sorry , this record 's poop.Robert Fripp thinks he is King Crimson . Perhaps legally he is - I imagine he owns the name and benefits the most from the `` franchise '' . However to the fans it 's always been a team effort . In this fans opinion , this is no longer the case.So firstly I ca n't believe how little Pat Mastelloto adds to the music . He plods through in his Mr. Primitive way - not that I mind that kind of style - Jerry Marrotta on the Peter Gabriel records embodied a great primordial sense of primate level percussion . So do many others . Pat plods . It stinks . I feel rooked . I hated all of the new songs from this record , which , I borrowed from a friend prior to seeing this show . Live they were even worse.Trey Gunn 's seems interesting . But come on . Would he even EXIST if it was n't for Tony Levin ? He 's talented and has some unique stuff to say . But Crimson -LRB- used -RRB- to be synonymous with the highest order of originality . Why should we settle for a pale replica of an original ? I wonder that if Trey had any self respect , he 'd walk away from the role of being a Tony Shill and do his own thing . I liked him and wonder if that ca n't be far off.And this all leads to the very point . King Crimson 's a machine . Pure industry . Innovation 's just an advertising slogan at this point . Fripp sits in the shadows to deflect our attention . Yet this instead focuses it . Is his shyness is calculated or sheer marketing at this point ? Is this pathological behavior or manipulative ? Who knows ? When they keep putting out junk like this record I believe it 's likely more manipulative . Unlike many other Crimson records , this one is devoid of anything human , interesting , innovative , or emotional.Of course it sounds good . The gear from Japan these days is first rate . And these guys are experts at production . If I was a guitar player , I might be more into it . As usual Fripp and Belew expand the range of sound - but they do n't do much in the name of Art.So I keep wondering when are they going to start to return to what King Crimson used to stand for - innovation . Sadly , not with this record.If your a guitarist , you might like it just for the sounds . Otherwise stick with the KC oldies and go listen to someone else play something newer and more interesting .
 This is better than their last CD , but where has the fire gone in the music ? The `` songs '' are much better than the forced sounding dismal ones on the last release , `` Construction of Light '' , but the instruments never `` ignite '' into the passion that is the trademark of the best of Crimson.Are they trying too hard to fit into their new found `` prog-metal '' nich ? -LRB- Much respect was shown towards KC by a Black/Death Metal fan friend of mine in a recent conversation . -RRB- Only Fripp knows.But this Tony Levin / Bill Bruford-less Crimso is a flat firecracker so far , as far as I am concerned ! -LRB- NO BANG , just one long fuse ... ! -RRB- The Pre-CD EP , `` Happy With What ... '' , kicked this to PIECES!Ah well ... I 'll hope for better next time .
 I 've always amazed why people give 5 stars for everything on Amazon ! I 'm not reading 5 stars reviews anymore , because usually they are not fair enough.Five stars for this album ??? Give me a brake ! How about KC debut , Lizard or Red then ? Should they get 20 stars at least in comparison with this 5 stars `` masterpiece '' ? In my opinion , 5 star means `` excellent '' . Is this excellent?People give 5 stars just because there is the proud King Crimson name on the sleeve . Deep down , guys , and tell me how would you have rated this , if this album had been issued by an unknown band?This miserable album lacks of good melodies and inventive playing . Pop , nu-metal , stupid electronic voice effects . Cul-de-sac ... So , my suggestion
 ` Happy with what you have to be happy with ' is a good swipe at younger bands who lack any talent -LRB- I think Limp Bizkit especially -RRB- . But that is the irony ; ` Happy ' is the only song on this album that is any fun to listen to ... The other songs are tired , obligatory attempts by King Crimson at being , well , King Crimson.Very formulaic It 's King Crimson doing their thing , which means making sure they sound like themselves . I think it is worth noting it took a long time to make a subsequent album , maybe because their creativity well was drying up.Except for the burst of energy that is ` Happy with what you have to be happy with ' , which is fun , most of this material is copy and paste of past Crimson material , e.g. ` Level 5 ' should be called ` Thrakcture ' 'cause it simply is that , a reworking of two previous songs kind of mixed together . Rating * 1/4 -LRB- 1.25 -RRB-
 The album is by the King Crimson ! Complete meanless to me!Where is the beautiful melody ? Where are the profound lyrics?Nothing but trash.Can ' t believe it is highly rated by so many people .
 The Power to Believe is even worse than The ConstruKction of Light -LRB- if that is possible . -RRB- It 's hard to understand why these masterful -LRB- Mastelotto excluded -RRB- and experienced musicians are doing this `` heavy metal '' thing -LRB- and they are calling it `` moving forward '' ! -RRB- The new instrumental pieces are boring to death . They lack in dynamics , are exaggerated and , like Dangerous Curves , go from nowhere to anywhere . Level Five sounds like it was part of Larks IV -LRB- which was a failure too . -RRB- And they get even worse if you compare then with King Crimson 's past achievements . King Crimson 's hardcore fans do n't like to hear it -LRB- they consider it a `` dead thread '' -RRB- , but the truth is that without the elegance of Levin and Bruford these guys completely lost their tracks and became a mere rock band trying to look Modern . For that matter , you just have to compare the musical excellence of the Projekct One album -LRB- Fripp , Gunn , Levin and Bruford -RRB- and the BLUE albums -LRB- Bruford , Levin , Torn and Botti -RRB- with those horrible and pointless eletronic sounds of Projekct Three and Four -LRB- Projekt Two is ok . -RRB- The Double Trio band was a very interesting and relevant endevour . Even when they appeared to be reworking the past , like in VROOOM , they sounded fresh and focused . The THRAK album deserve to be put side by side with In The Court of Crimson King , Larks Tongues in Aspic , Red and Discipline . Now , the best thing that the new King Crimson quartet have done in years is Heaven and Earth -LRB- that instrumental bonus track at the end of TCoL album . -RRB- I wish then good luck with their new tour . Maybe they will get new adolescent fans that will jump all-around . Nevertheless , those looking for intelligent and inspiring music should go elsewhere.P.S .
 I can not believe this release has gotten so many positive reviews . I hate this CD . I am going to throw it away ... it 's that bad.I have been a fan of King Crimson for many years and have truly enjoyed some of their earlier work . What happened to that great style they used to have ? Remember when they put out good music , such as Elephant Talk , Heartbeat , Three Of A Perfect Pair , Sleepless , etc.But this , ... . this is pure -LSB- garbage -RSB- . Do n't even consider buying this . If you really want it , e-mail me and I 'll send you my copy ... but hurry , before I throw it in the river .
 I have to immediately voice my respect for the instrumental virtuosity of these guys ... the interplay and technique they employ is incredible.However , in my opinion , instrumental prowess and stretching the boundaries of musical style for the sake of instrumental prowess and stretching the boundaries of musical style does not guarantee a good work . Much like 20th century atonal and serialist music , this music breaks down existing barriers in its closest genre -LRB- rock -RRB- , but what does that fact alone do for me as a listener -LRB- especially if I 'm not a musician -RRB- ? I understand that there is some intense harmonic and rhythmic development in the music . And if I was n't familiar with Thrak , the Projekts , or TCoL , then maybe I would view this music as something extremely profound . However , some of the more recent material has struck me as emotionally devoid and too drawn out -LRB- Frying Pan , LTIA4 -LSB- minus coda -RSB- , ... Oyster Soup ... -RRB- . Unfortunately , this void of emotion and lack of memorable melodies/phrases is still very present in TPTB , and I ca n't escape the fact that I become numb to a lot of it.I know that complex harmonies are employed and interesting sounding material is being produced . This is musically awesome to a point , but an entire album 's length of it seems to be a bit too much to enjoy from beginning to end . This type of rhythmic and harmonic complexity without emphasis on memorable melodies/phrases has been done very successfully in the past -LRB- title tracks from Discipline , Thrak , TCoLp1 -RRB- , but part of these successes can be attributed to their inclusion on albums with songs that have a specific focus on memorable melodies/phrases -LRB- Frame by Frame , One Time , TCoLp2 -RRB- ? With songs like these absent -LRB- save Eyes Wide Open -RRB- , the album seems to be more of an experiment as opposed to a benchmark studio album.On a separate note , perhaps it is because of the nature of this new-sounding music , but a lot of this material seems to be a reworking and reappearance of ideas that have been done before . As stated in other reviews , some of the forms , riffs , interplays , and moods seem very similar to previously recorded songs -LRB- most notably TCoL and Thrak -RRB- . I liked the vocals and lyrics to only one song -LRB- Eyes Wide Open -RRB- . In the case of HWWYHTBHW , I understand the point of the lyrics , and they raise a legitimate point -- but do I want to hear them over and over again ? They become less and less effective with each listen . The post-chorus is good , but I ca n't say much else positive . And `` Facts of Life '' seems like its lyrics could 've been set to a vocal melody that would do justice to their content , but instead they just seem goofy . Goofy is n't too bad , but goofy without enough serious/legitimate vocals for the whole album -LRB- save EWO -RRB- can tear at the album 's worth . It seems like most of the vocals/lyrics are a mere afterthought -LRB- maybe if I could n't speak English , it would n't matter -RRB- . High points in my opinion are Eyes Wide Open and TPTB II.All in all , I think this album showcases a unique style of music , but does very little to make it significant to the listener . I think that all of the pieces may be good alone , but together they become a little monotonous.Final Words
 After the original line-up of the Sonics split , a band who were The Sonics only in name kept on going . This music is n't bad , it 's just a far cry from the 1965-66 Sonics . So if you 're after the 200 MPH , wigged out , totally rockin ' , brilliant Sonics , look elsewhere .
 this is crap.i love the first 3 sonics albums & this is utterly boring genero 60 's rock.ignore .
 This is not the best cd , definitely not the worst . Maybe I have n't put enough time into listening to this cd , but it did n't really capture my attention . It 's pretty monotonous . I pretty much listen to it to hear the song about the hooptie that 's on one tree hill , and number 6 . that 's about it . That 's a good waste of 13 dollars , if you ask me .
 i saw this guy perform at the recent one tree hill tour -LRB- which , unfortunately , included him as a performer -RRB- . i had to sit through his 30-40 minute performance , in which he played many of his monotonous songs that u will find on this cd . this guy can can sing and strum a guitar at the same time , but other than that , he is n't much of a performer , nor does he have much talent . it 's no wonder that the only people seemingly interested in him and his songs during the show were little pre-teen girls going crazy for this boy and his big hair and his -LSB- probably fake -RSB- guitar . mind you , the one tree hill tour is a great show , especially with gavin degraw headlining it . now HE 's got talent . that guy got the stale , wanting-to-go-home-now crowd up on their feet after his first song . gavin 's performance made us all wonder why tyler hilton was ever considered worthy enough to sing on the same stage as he did . be forewarned , this cd is a waste of your money . unless , of course , you 're into albums that do n't contain real music at all .
 The product said like new , and yes the cd plays , but the case was all kinds of broken and looked awful . It was suppose to be a birthday gift .
 Live albums used to mean something . Back when music was music , and video was video , and neither was a half-assed companion of the other , live albums represented a rare glimpse into a special moment in time ; and at their best , they boasted highly original performances that added something new to the original studio tracks . But in the post-MTV era of visual overkill , the live album is more often than not -LRB- ab -RRB- used as a quick means of fulfilling contractual obligations , or padding the record label 's fourth-quarter budget . Though hardly an overnight revolution , this sad trend was certainly brought home to many by the unimaginatively entitled Live , a disjointed double-disc set from the world 's biggest little rock & roll band AC/DC . After delivering one of the format 's undisputed classics with 1978 's If You Want Blood , You 've Got It , the Australian titans ' second concert recording barely raised a pulse . `` Bonny , '' the only unfamiliar track , turns out to be little more than a one-minute solo based on the traditional sea chantey , and even the `` improvised '' Angus Young solo that introduces `` Jailbreak '' is an obvious cut and paste job . At least the album serves as an impressive highlight reel for the band 's hit-and-miss '80s output -LRB- 1980 's Back in Black and 1990 's The Razor 's Edge providing the bulk of the material -RRB- while making room for the Bon Scott-era essentials . By and large , AC/DC on a bad night are still usually better than most bands on a good one , but Live feels more like a greatest-hits album with crowd noise than a true live album . Still , a better buy than the edited , single-disc version .
 Up until this point , I had the 1 CD version , which was good . I 've been wanting the 2 CD version for a long time and finally the price drops at Wal Mart and I get it . HOWEVER , it seems on this version all of the songs fade out at the end , wha the hell were they thinking there ? Its a live album , I wan na hear a show , now the songs ... so that little fact makes the entire album unlistenable to me ... moron move.Otherwise , the songs are high energy and great , its that little flaw that makes me less then likley i 'll ever want to listen to it .
 I got Canned Heat 's UNcanned CD . I ordered AC/DC LIVE Let me know and it 'll be sent back as I have this CD already and dont need another I want the ordered CDthanks dave
 There are good and bad things about this album.I 'll start out with the good things . AC/DC has proven that they can put on a good live show , and some of the songs on here are almost as good as the studio versions.However , concerts are more fun to go to than they are to listen to in your room , something that is very obvious here . This would have been a fun concert to go to , but listening to it can get boring . Brian Johnson 's voice is not very good live , and it distracts you from the music in the background.The live versions of their songs butcher the original songs , like Back in Black , Highway to Hell , and most of the good songs . However , TNT and Whole Lot of Rosie sound pretty good live , even though Bon Scott is n't singing them.This is very passable . I only recommend this to AC/DC completists.If you like AC/DC , get Highway to Hell , Back in Black , High Voltage , Let There Be Rock , and the other Bon Scott albums . Most of the Brian Johnson era is passable , with the exception of Back In Black .
 I used to have an old tape of live AC/DC that had some of the best guitar I 'd ever heard . I wanted to recapture that energy and , after quickly scanning the line-up , mistakenly picked up this CD . Johnson 's attempts at Scott 's creations do n't cut it and Angus seems a bit tired compared to `` If You Want Blood ... '' -LRB- which is what I meant to buy -RRB- . `` Rosie '' is the best cut , but again , does n't compare to the younger Angus ' frenzied masterpieces found on `` If You Want Blood ... '' -LRB- Bottom line
 I love AC/DC . I love all of these songs . I love their other live one -LRB- if you want blood -RRB- . But these are the worst versions of these songs I 've ever heard except for TNT . Where on earth is the crowd - I thought they were live ? Johnson 's vocals are too much in the foreground and overshadow the music and that makes no sense to me . AC/DC is about great guitar riffs , the lyrics are secondary . No other AC/DC album allows the vocals to dominate the disk , the vocals definitely do n't dominate their live shows , so why do they on this disk ? Who allowed what should have been the greatest live album of all time to get screwed up like this ?
 In 92 Ac/dC live came out in both single and double editions . Neither one is really that great ! Ac/Dc is one of hard rock/metal 's best groups , but just like everyone else , not everything that they do is good . One of the biggest flaws of the album is that it is too self indulgent . Most people do n't want to hear songs in excess of ten minute running times . Another flaw is that the Bon Scott era is not represented very well , I know he 's dead , but most of Ac/Dc 's better albums were from the Bon Scott era . Highway to hell is only represented by the title track , big mistake there Highway to Hell is just as good as Back in Black if not better ! Also not enough from High Voltage . The sound quality is n't that bad , but the song selections could have been better , so I must only recommend this album for die hard Ac/Dc fans , the ones why buy everything they release whether good or bad !
 The recording is weak and the performance wanting . I expected the music to resemble the performances from their original sound tracks ... I was disappointed . On a good note , the CD makes a wonderful disk to play `` fetch '' with my dog ; - -RRB-
 The vocals are terrible , brian johnson can not sing live to save his life . The guitar riffs on Jailbreak were ok the rest is an album I continously skip through .
 I 'm the kind of person who loves going to live concerts -LRB- I 've seen B.B. King , The Temptations Review w / the Spinners and James Brown , and had a blast each time -RRB- , and had I have been alive during the Bon Scott era , I would 've sprung to see AC/DC live . However , live albums are hard for me to recommend . Sure , there are a handful of greats -LRB- The Stones ' Get Yer Ya-Ya 's Out ! , the Allmans at Fillmore East , B.B. King at the Regal , Live ! by Bob Marley & the Wailers , Bob Dylan at the Royal Albert Hall -RRB- , for the most part you get note-for-note renditions of the group 's hits . This record is no different . They spend the entire concert either making good songs bad -LRB- Thunderstruck , Back In Black , Highway to Hell - can you imagine this without Bon Scott ? -RRB- or bad songs worse -LRB- Heatseeker , Who Made Who , The Jack -RRB- . And stay even further away from the two-discs collector 's edition , which contians endless , jammed out versions of Jailbreak , High Voltage and Let There Be Rock that say absolutely nothing , even though each one is extended to over ten minutes . The Bon Scott studio albums and Back In Black are all essentials , but if you must an AC/DC live album , go with If You Want Blood , which was merely forgettable instead of bad .
 In general , during press confrences and interviews , the `` fabs '' were usually bored , tired , stupid or oh so very stoned . On this CD they 're all of the above .
 This UK release is by far the most comprehensive Grace Jones compilation to date -LRB- along with the 3 disc Holland import `` Ultimate Grace Jones '' , which includes the rarely included song `` Inspiration '' -RRB- . This collection leaves much to be desired , but it does include some rare tracks.THE GRACE JONES STORY consists of 28 songs on two discs -LRB- 14 tracks each -RRB- , from 1977-1993 . Discs packaged in cardboard sleeves -LRB- no disc holders -RRB- ; packaging resembles a children 's book about the same dimensions as a standard jewel case ; attached to the inside is a 12-page booklet , situated between the two cardboard sleeves -LRB- discs removed from opening on top -RRB- ; running time for each disc just under 75 minutes . Booklet includes a pedestrian -LRB- and nearly void of punctuation -RRB- essay by Daryl Easlea , an assortment of photographs -LRB- of album covers , magazine photos , advertisements , etc. ; most too small to be easily viewed -RRB- , a hard-to-read partial timeline of Ms. Jones 's life , and no detailed track information -LRB- publishing dates provided for several songs clearly have no correlation to the recording or release dates ; musician personnel , producer credits , albums of origin , and chart information not provided , nor is there a discography -RRB- . Sound quality is good.The first 11 songs on disc one come from Grace Jones 's disco albums recorded in the late ` 70s . They include `` Do n't Mess with the Messer '' -LRB- credited to Blues songwriter/producer Willie Dixon , but with different lyrics , a different melody , and a disco beat , it bears no resemblance to the song recorded by Blues legend Koko Taylor -RRB- , `` Fame '' -LRB- not the David Bowie song or the theme from the film-turned-television-series , rather an enjoyable disco song written by Jones herself -RRB- , and `` Saved '' -LRB- not the quasi-Gospel song recorded by Rhythm & Blues singer LaVern Baker , rather a different quasi-Gospel song -RRB- . The best songs here are `` Sinning '' , `` Fame '' , and `` Do or Die '' . Beginning with track 12 on disc one thru track 10 on disc two , the songs are from Jones 's three albums recorded at Compass Point studios -LRB- 1980 's `` Warm Leatherette '' , 1981 's `` Nightclubbing '' , 1982 's `` Living My Life '' -RRB- . But missing from these recordings are `` Pars '' , `` Breakdown '' , `` Cry Now , Laugh Later '' , `` Unlimited Capacity for Love '' , `` Living My Life '' , and the until recently unreleased demo of `` Ring of Fire '' . Also missing are well known recordings like `` Slave to the Rhythm '' and `` Demolition Man '' . The last four songs of disc two begin with her big hit `` I 'm Not Perfect -LRB- But I 'm Perfect for You -RRB- '' , from 1986 's `` Inside Story '' ; this is the first Grace Jones compilation this song appears on -LRB- no other songs from that album , such as `` Party Girl '' or `` Scary But Fun '' , are included in this collection -RRB- . Her last album was 1989 's `` Bulletproof Heart '' ; `` Love on Top of Love -LRB- Killer Kiss -RRB- '' and `` Someone to Love '' are from this album . `` Sex Drive '' is a house/dance recording released as a single in 1993 . The track listing is often mis-identified . Here is the correct track listing : Disc 101 . That 's the Trouble02 . I Need a Man03 . La Vie En Rose04 . Send in the Clowns05 . What I Did For Love06 . Do or Die07 . Fame08 . Am I Ever Gon na Fall in Love in New York City09 . Do n't Mess With the Messer10 . Sinning11 . Saved12 . Warm Leatherette13 . Love Is the Drug14 . The Hunter Gets Captured by the GameDisc 201 . Private Life02 . She 's Lost Control03 . Pull Up to the Bumper04 . Walking in the Rain05 . Use Me06 . Nightclubbing07 . I 've Seen That Face Before -LRB- Libertango -RRB- 08 . My Jamaican Guy09 . The Apple Stretching10 . Nipple to the Bottle11 . I 'm Not Perfect -LRB- But I 'm Perfect for You -RRB- 12 . Love on Top of Love13 . Someone to Love14 . Sex DriveOn the back cover , there is a very obvious error in the text color of the track listing for the first disc.No compiler credit is given ; it is notable that Daryl Easlea also wrote the essay for `` Grace Jones
 This seems to have been edited at random . These are not speeches but sound bites and often the ending points are ridiculous . One segment actually ends with Kennedy saying '' ... and I quote '' . By one of the reputable videos and do n't waste your money on this . I guess these speeches are in the public domain and Jerden Records is trying to make a quick buck . What more can I say ?
 I never thought I would end up liking the albums with Brian better than the ones with Bon Scott , but that 's how it turned out when I listened to all of them . Really the only AC/DC album that I completely love is `` Back In Black '' , it 's obvious why it 's famous . I was surprised to find that I hated every song on this album , the melodies have no direction but have the same repetitious guitar patterns and simplicity of all the albums before it . Thank goodness Brian took over , though I 'm certainly not saying it 's good that Bon Scott died . None of the albums with him on it are any good , although I ca n't say that about `` High Voltage '' because I have yet to hear that one . This CD , however , is simply awful . Really boring , I nearly fell asleep listening to it . AC/DC 's a bit more popular than they really need to be , though I can see why everyone would wear `` Back In Black '' shirts . NOt recommended .
 did the singer get drunk yet ? Anyways AC/DC are one of the worst bands ever . the singer do n't know his name just screams . The lyrics are dumb , the music is simple , noisy , and boring they ` rejust another overrated rock band that needed to quit right afterthe release of the first album.buy these albums insted.green day american idiotdire straits love over goldguns n ' roses greatest hitsdo n't waste your money cause the only good song is highway to hell .
 Come on now !! People need to shut up with Green Day . Green Day are the most overrated band of the world . The poplar bands are overrated . Gim me a break !!!!!!! Highway to Hell is one of the worst albums besides Back In Black.Their lead singer Bon Scott is angry , overrated , stupid , lousy , mean , and lame and he sure ca n't sing . They only made 1 listenable track in the title track of this album . Avoidthe rest of the AC/DC albums and get Metallica insted .
 Urggh !!! This is even worse than the greatest hits of Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Zoso album of Led Zeppelin . AC/DC are simply the most overrated metal band ever . All their albums suck , especiallythis . Touch Too Much has to be one of the lousiest and worst songever recorded by any band . Avoid this bad album and get Metallica Ride the Lightning insted .
 AC/DC are one of the most overrated bands out of the 70 's . They only made 2 decent songs in ` highway to hell ' and ` walk all over you ' . the lead singer bon scott just screams . And I just dont know why people like this band . they are just as overrated as led zeppelin and the rolling stones . ignore the 5 star reviewers for this disaster and buy any dire straits , tom petty , green day , guns n ' roses , nirvana , or neil young insted .
 AC/DC are one of the most overrated and worst artists ever . And this album is really really bad . And that singer ... Bon Scott he ` sso angry , why ca n't he stop screaming and sing properly like Billie Joe Armstrong , or even Mark Knopfler ? They rock and they are sure part of the 3 greatest rock bands ever . Each and every song on this album except for that Highway to hell song is awfuleven the horrible TOUCH TOO MUCH . This is just as awful as allthe other AC/DC albums . If you 've heard Back In Black and thinkAC/DC 's great ... then you are an idiot because they suck ! Like tosay ... this band is just as overrated as Aerosmith and QUEEN !!!!!! Stay away from this awful album ... even if radio 's play this album . And one more thing , if Bon Scott was still alive today ... they better kill him because of his rusty angry voice.This is noise ... all this is is sex drugs violence and liqour.DIRE STRAITS GREEN DAY AND GNR ARE THE BEST .
 did the singer get drunk yet ? Anyways , AC/DC are one of the worst bands ever . The singer do n't know his name just screams , the lyrics are dumb , and the music is simple , noisy , & boringthey 're just another overrated rock band that needed to quit right after the release of the first album . buy these albumsinsted.green day american idiotdire straits love over goldguns n ' roses greatest hitsdo n't waste your money cause the only good song is highway tohell .
 Thankfully the noise is so loud , you can not make out the lyrics unless you look at the record label for the text to all the songs . But even if you could understand the music , it would make no difference . This is not music , just loud noise . The music industry stopped making music twenty years ago .
 Well everyone , Paperback Writer is wrong . This album is not good at all . AC/DC are one of the worst bands along with The Beatles and do n't make good decent music . Their lead singers just scream . Touch Too Much is just an awful joke just like all their other songs which are lousy . Ignore the awful Paperback Writer from India and get Inside Information from Foreigner insted .
 I think I 'll go with the previous 1 star reviewer , Waiting . AC/DCare one of the worst most boring lousiest bands of all time . Theyare even worse than Nirvana and have no talent . This album only has 1 good song in the title track . Rest of the other songs are really , really awful . Avoid this lousy album at all costs along with Back in Blacka and get On Every Street from Dire Straits insted .
 I hate AC/DC . They are one of my top 14 worst bands of all time.Highway to Hell is a really bad album and which their singer , BonScott , is always angry , screams , yells , on drugs , overrated , lousy , and stupid . I wish he can sing more properly like Mark Knopfler and Lou Gramm . Even Metallica is better than this , do n't make a mistake buying this awful album and one more thing , do n't listen to the 5 star reviewers below too . Get album legendslike Waiting For A Girl Like You Foreigner insted.Believe me , Let It Be knows music ...
 I wish this angry singer can act nicer just like Lou Gramm , and Mark Knopfler . His name is Bon Scott and he just screams . Highwayto Hell has to be one of the lousiest albums ever created by one of the lousiest bands of all time . Every album sucks from this horrible band so stay away . Buy the Foreigner 4 CD insted .
 AC/DC are just as bad as Nirvana . Bon Scott sings so horribly , and just sounds like a dying duck who just screams . The fact is , AC/DC they 've only made a single decent song in the title track `` Highway To Hell '' . The rest of the other albums and songs are terrible . I 'm glad both Kurt Cobain and Bon Scott are DEAD !!! Thankfully they will never annoy me again . For good lovely music , get Foreigner and Dire Straits instedwho were a billion times better than this lousy AC/DC album.Avoid this and Nevermind of Nirvana 2 of the worst albumsever .
 `` The Sound on this cd is SO much louder than the original '' `` This has got to be the best this album has ever sounded '' Yeah , right . Highway to hell is one of the latest victims of the loudness war , and this cd is compressed to death . Clipping is evident and the sound is consistently grating . Too bad increases in technology mean worse sounding cds . Pick up the orginal Atlantic cd - its much more dynamic - and consequently better sounding . And to those who say older cds are mastered not as loudly as todays - yeah , that 's the point - more dynamic range . If it 's not loud enough , guess what ? All you have to do is turn up the volume . Best AC/DC album ruined by HORRIBLE mastering
 AC/DC was never good . But except this album has one good song , the title track which I can learn that on my guitar . Walk AllOver You is n't bad at all but I hate the Bon stuff at the end.The rest of this CD other than the title track is truly lame!I 'm glad Bon Scott is n't around anymore because he was sucha mean singer , and he also took up sex , and drugs . Try GunsN ' Roses insted.AC / DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKSAC/DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKS AC/DC SUCKS .
 This was AC/DC 's most popular album w. Bon Scott . It has a few decent licks but other then that is n't as good as previous or later releases .
 This isnt AC/DCs greatest albums but all the songs are great . Its rare that someone likes every song off an album by an artist but who cant like all these songs by a great band . I give this album three stars since its not the best rockin AC/DC album . The best IMO is Let there Be Rock since most of the songs have a bigger guitar sound to them thats what rock is about .
 My review of this album is really quite simple ... There are ten songs here they recorded , and only two are worth ever listening to.Guess what that means ... One Star ! -LSB- 2 divided by 10 = 1/5 stars -RSB- . . Oh yes , those two songs are Touch Too Much and Walk All Over You.The rest is garbage.Don ' t wast money on this one , trust me .
 I hate AC/DC as they are one of my top 20 worst bands of all time . BON SCOTT IS A REALLY ANNOYING SINGER WHO JUST SCREAMS . . EVERY SONG IS AWFUL EVEN JOKES LIKE TOUCH TOO MUCH . AVOID THIS LOUSY BAND ANDGO WITH METALLICA BLACK ALBUM INSTED .
 AC/DC are one of the worst bands along with the Beatles . THEY HAVE NEVER MADE ANYTHING DECENT . THEY ARE JUST OVERRATED ... HIGHWAY TO HELL IS ONE LOUSY ALBUM THAT CONTAINSJOKES LIKE GIRLS GOT RHYTHM , TOUCH TOO MOUCH , AND WALK ALL OVER YOU . AVOID THIS ALBUM AT ALL COSTS , BON SCOTT IS A REALLY ANGRYSINGER . . GO GET ANY DIRE STRAITS CD INSTED , PLEASE !!!
 I hate AC/DC . They are in my top 15 worst bands of all time and I wish to destroy and kill both of their singers , Brian Johnson and Bon Scott who just scream . They are n't anything like nice singers like Foreigners ' Lou Gramm , and Dire Straits ' Mark Knopfler at all . They are just 2 minded idiots who are on drugsAND CA N'T SING . Buy this if you are a looser but good bands areDire Straits , Foreigner , GNR , Nirvana , and Green Day who rock!Don ' t ever buy this album , destroy it today in your trash can.Buy albums from good bands that I mentioned here.PS . Bon Scott is just angry so do n't ever buy this .
 Nope , this sucks also like Back in black . Highway to hell andWalk all over you are the only good songs on this intire CD.Bon scott is also a spit too !!! AC/DC SUCKS !! SPIT THESE GODDAMMITS OUT .
 THIS IS IT . NO MORE , AC/DC IS AWFUL . EVERY OF THEIR ALBUMS SUCK ESPECIALLY THIS . THEIR LEAD SINGERS JUST SCREAM . THEY HAVE THE LEAST TALENT AND ARE ONLY MEANT FOR 12 YEAR OLD GIRLS WITH NO TASTE IN MUSIC . CAN I PLEASE GIVE THIS LP BELOW 1 STAR ? I HATETHIS MORONIC BAND ! WANT A LOVELY CD ? THEN GET FOREIGNER 4 INSTED .
 Why do AC/DC command such respect ? They only ever wrote one song and simply changed the lyrics . Album after album of the same old crap . It would n't be so bad if it was a good song or if Bon could sing or Angus play the guitar . Save yourself some money and stand on the cat - it sounds the same .
 thought i was buying a new cd . when i recieved it , it was a used one . not happy ! the cd was open and has scratches on it
 Sorry , I just do n't get the hype surrounding this album . Maybe it 's because it was Bon 's last -- so fans are being overly sentimental , but it is not the strongest of the Bon era material . I love early AC/DC -- but this album pales in comparison to High Voltage and Dirty Deeds . Yeah , the song `` Highway to Hell '' is a classic -- and a couple of other songs are merely okay -LRB- The Girls Got Rhythm , Shot Down in Flames , Love Hungry Man -RRB- . But this album is nowhere near a classic . If anything , it is the most monotonous album AC/DC ever made . You can skip this one . If you do n't believe me -- fine , buy it . And watch how , after a couple of listens , it starts to gather dust .
 This one of the first time I heard Bon Scot Sing . I grew up listing to AC/DC with Brian Johnson who is one of my favoirite rock singers.Well the first thing I noticed was Bon Scot 's singing . Or what passed for it . On the first song . He sounded so wasted he was slurring some of lyrics.On High way to Hell.The other songs were a little bit better . I saying this because the producer did a poor job the band sounded like a buch of amitures.This CD was such a waste.I recomed any one of their albums with Bon Scot , Brian Johnson . Just not this one .
 All I have to say in regard to Highway to Hell is that Mutt Lange turned AC/DC into a pop band . I ca n't stand this album ; in fact , AC/DC 's first four albums are rock classics played by a real rock band -- everything else is just horrible .
 I feel that 3 stars is pushing it just a little too much , so more like 21/2 or 23/4 . At least this is 1000 times better than everything after this album ! The only thing I like about this album is that Bon Scot is on here . Brian Johnson 's voice gets on my nerves more than any other singer 's . There are 2 halfway decent tracks on here , `` Shot Down In Flames '' , and `` Girls Got Rhythm '' . If u want some good old school AC/DC , get `` High Voltage '' , `` Dirty Deeds '' , `` Powerage '' , or `` Let There Be Rock ' .
 Others have mentioned this regarding the poor sound quality of this 2003 Remaster . Trust me , they are right ! We all know the album is a classic , brilliant music . Anybody who has heard the Vinyl or previous 1994 remaster knows that this 2003 remaster sounds terrible ! Its has way too much treble and there is no slam/punch to the drums and bass . It sounds nothing like how this album sounded when it originally came out on Vinyl . If you love this album and care about good sound quality , do yourself a favour and buy either the 1994 remaster or UK Vinyl . You will see what i mean , this just sounds tinny .
 Bof ... Repetitive in one style so a little boring ... Was expecting a much better choice and I was in fact disappointed .
 These are not the ` Most ' . They are , for the ` most ' part , not beautiful.They are all songs . Yes.But either a tweeter I never knew was in my car just woke up or this album takes everything into ` High Nose ' range.One can argue that French has a certain nasal component - though it 's not a good argument even after listening to Piaf , let alone Mimi.The selections are nasal :5 by one guymore by another guy5 by some woman2 by Charles Trenet - sounding as bad as I 've ever heard him sounding -LRB- usually never - I like CT - see ` La Mer ' or ` Boum ! ' -RRB- more songs by others - even one by Chevalier - but not his bestIt 's an albumIt 's French.It includes songs.It 's worth walking on by . Check out Brel , Aznavour or Montand , Isabel Boulet , Mireille Mathieu , Piaf - of course , St-Pier , Franoise Hardy and that fantastic American import of the '30s
 This would be a typical 5 star julie andrews cd if the supporting background music was recorded at a lower level . The cd implies that the songs are soundtracks from the broadway shows but they are obviously retaped versions and poor ones at that . There are many occurrences whereby the music is so loud you can barely hear her voice . I love Julie andrews and was totally disappointed with this cd . Its unfortunate that Decca would realease such a poor recording .
 Very slow tempo , horribly electronically `` enhanced '' , and accompanied -LRB- loudly -RRB- by a ten thousand-piece orchestra.I love Julie Andrews , and have for more than fifty years , but I am more than disappointed in this album . Do n't you be .
 this is not one orf her best recordings , her voice is not what is used to be , buy only if you 're a true follower of her . nelson
 There are no Beatle songs on this disc . It contains interviews and on-stage introductions from the Beatles tours of Vancouver -LRB- 1964 -RRB- and Seattle -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . Run time is just over 25 minutes all on one track .
 A re-release of the Shilouette Records release `` The Day The Music Died '' from 1980 . The Best Part of that was the Buddy Holly Jigsaw puzzle inside the sleeve .
 This interview cd is one of the few Buddy Holly items offered for sale that is less than satisfying.It is a disappointing interview CD with Red someone in Canada on one of Buddy 's tours there . There are also some other artists singing Buddy 's music and I feel this is simply an attempt to make money . I buy the authentic music instead and suggest you may prefer to do so.Perhaps if more than just one interview appeared ...
 For about 2 years I waited for this lp . There was so much hype that he was holding it back to perfect it . To someone it may be perfect , but I have heard 95 % of all hiphop that is out there , but this seems to be average . Nothing really `` perfect '' about this album . I am a huge AZ fan , but this is nothing what I expected . I thought this lp was gon na be something on the same level as the classical illmatic . But unfortunatly it wasnt . Problems is a brilliant track along with At Night , but tracks with Joe ? That isnt the AZ I used to know . After hearing this album I lost massive respect for AZ. . AZ if you are reading this bring it back to the streets where it came from .
 your co did ` nt have item in stock and i was given a refund
 I listened by recommendation to Burning Spear Alive -LRB- live in concert 97 Vol 1 -RRB- ... . INCREDIBLE , just fantastic CD ... Figured the Ultimate Collection Burning Spear would be betterDO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH ULTIMATE COLLECTION ... In my opinion ; Songs are short and not close to the Burning Spear Alive albumI noted above ... cheersDavid
 Do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . They 're much more solid . One Love . Peace .
 ok i admit it , i buy this cd just because anggun is in it.the rest of this album definately not my kind of music.anggun collaboration with Cam is not her best work.notice that dj cam has drop ` dj ' for his name.so dont expect electronice trance on this one.its a pure blend of jazz.something maybe ur choice of music.i believe for jazz lovers.this album is worth to buy .
 If it was n't for Voodoo Child , this CD would be completely worthless , it 's painful .
 I am a hardcore Dungen Family fan but Backbones Cd is booty bunk weak.The single 5-Deuce 4-Tre hyped me up for the cd but like most cd 's you will not find over 3 or 4 songs worth listening to.Lord Have Mercy is decent and the song O.K. is just that ... ok . Save your hard earned money and tape it from one of your potnas or just get the maxi single . Peace !
 I made the horrible mistake of buying this cd for the fact that it was produced by organized noize and backbone was part of the dungeon family . Dungeon Family + Organized Noize Production = Definite Hit right ? WRONG !!! I 'm a big fan of both parties , but I honestly do n't know how or why they released this trash . Backbone is probably the weakest rapper I 've ever heard in my life . He squeeks when he raps ... literally squeeks . He sounds like he has indefinite hiccups . Seriously , I would place this album somewhere in the top 5 worst rap albums ever ! I do n't mean to be a hater , but I spent my hard earned cash on this garbage and ended up selling it for $ 1 at a pawnshop b/c NOBODY wanted to buy it from me . It 's really that bad ...
 I do n't really know what to say about this album . On one hand , some songs are tight . On the other hand , it seems like a perfect waste of a good beat -LRB- see track # 10 -RRB- . I bought this album because I like most of the Dungeon Family 's work . The intro is kind of misleading because it 's kind of hot , but most of the album is n't . Some songs play with the beat for so long that it makes you want to skip it -LRB- see track # 11 -RRB- . Also , I did n't like how an old Outkast beat was jacked on track # 9 -LRB- from the Aquemini outro -RRB- . Speaking of Aquemini , the hook from `` Slump '' was jacked too -LRB- on track # 13 -RRB- . This album did make me wonder where Witchdoctor went . He 's so underrated . If you 're not a die hard southern rap fan , skip this one.Personal Favorites
 This album was aiight . the only reason why i did n't give it 3starz was because it was below my expectations . He got potential but dem beats was weak . One thing bout Ga music is either u gone love it or hate it . This cd i hate . Dont but dis folkz .
 Yo , I like the Dungeon Family but this album is weak . The lyrics are not tight at all . The guests such as Youngbloodz , Goodie Mob , Coolbreeze , Slic Patna , Slimm Calhoun give so so vocals . The beats and the production could n't save this one.Every song ... hard . Yo I hope the Dungeon Family 's Album is better than this one .
 I 'm sorry , but I do n't like this CD . The very best is the music that Mr. Larcange recorded with London/Decca under the label Phase 4 Stereo . The music , the arragements , the orchestras , the accordion , all were SPECTACULAR!For our delicious , Vocalion has reissue -LRB- at last ! At Last ! At last ! -RRB- after 35 years , one of the 2 better LPs music of London Phase 4 Stereo
 ... Nobody 's bothered making an AC/DC compilation ! Maybe it 's because they only had three Top 40 Hits -LRB- Back In Black , You Shook Me All Night Long , Moneytalks -RRB- , but they deserve one . Surely any AC/DC compilation worth its salt would contain by far the three greatest songs on this album , which I 'll get to in time . I 'm sorry , but I do n't think The Jack is one of their better songs - they did n't perfect the dirty joke sub-genre until Big Balls , so The Jack is simply an endless excuse to throw in as many innuendos about STD 's as possible -LRB- granted , Big Balls is similar , but that song was quicker and funnier -RRB- - though I do like the dubbed-in booing crowd at the end . Rock 'n' Roll Singer feels like a rewrite of It 's a Long Way to the Top , especially coming right after the first song . Can I Sit Next to You Girl & Live Wire may have seemed innovative at the time , especially seeing that this was 1975 , the height of arena-rock , but today they 're stale , especially considering the great music these five Austrillian bad boys would make in the future . Little Lover and She 's Got Balls are both acceptable fillers.That leaves three songs
 The Australian version of HIGH VOLTAGE original release in February 1975 . Tracks1 . Baby , Please Do n't Go2 . She 's Got Balls3 . Little Lover4 . Stick Around5 . Soul Stripper6 . You Ai n't Got A Hold On Me7 . Love Song8 . Show BusinessThe UK version of HIGH VOLTAGE . They repackage T.N.T. as HIGH VOLTAGE 5 May 1976 . With tracks like `` Little Lover '' , `` She 's Got Balls '' appear on Australian HIGH VOLTAGE 1974 issue.Tracks1 . It 's A Long Way To The Top -LRB- If You Wan na Rock 'N' Roll -RRB- 2 . Rock 'N' Roll Singer3 . The Jack4 . Live Wire5 . T.N.T. 6 . Can I Sit Next To You Girl7 . Little Lover8 . She 's Got Balls9 . High VoltageT.N.T.Tracks1 IT 'S A LONG WAY TO THE TOP -LRB- IF YOU WANNA2 ROCK 'N' SINGER3 JACK , THE4 LIVE WIRE5 T.N.T. 6 ROCKER7 CAN I SIT NEXT TO YOU GIRL8 HIGH VOLTAGE9 SCHOOL DAYSWhen will AC/DC issue the Australian HIGH VOLTAGE , T.N.T. , DIRTY DEEDS DONE DIRT CHEAP they the best artwork , when will they be issued on internationl market.What those DIRTY DEEDS DONE DIRT CHEAP , UK and US cover stand for . Those it stand for Hotels , People what does that cover stand for.AC / DC were inducted into ARIA Hall Of Fame in 1988 . Ted Albert Award For Outstanding Service To Australian Music - APRA 77th Australian Music Award19 May 2003AC/DC brothers Angus and Malcolm Young and the late Bon Scott . Speaking from the U.K , Malcolm Young paid special tribute to Bon Scott saying , `` On behalf of AC/DC and Bon Scott , especially Bon as he 's a big part of this , we 're proud of the honour of receiving this award . '' The heart of one of the most important Australian bands of all time , the brothers Young have been musical co-conspirators for 30 years . Their Ted Albert award follows on from their recent induction into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame .
 This was a decent `` AC/DC '' brand rock album , nothing compared to other acts of the era . This album would be remade over and over until bon died .
 Not much here . High Voltage , and TNT are about the only songs that are worth a repeat listen . Production is low , and the group really had not developed as song writers , if you want to call what they do song writing . This is not the AC/DC of later years .
 all these so called remastered from orignal copies , they are not copies from orginal caused they they all have got different songs on all them . i went out and bought all the remastered cds got home started to play all of them and wondered gee some songs were missing , got out all the orginals and sure enough they were all different ripped off shane on you albert productions why have you lied to the ppl about orginal copies how would bon scott feel about that and brian johnson hey
 The original recording only issued by Albert Productions contained the track listings : `` Baby , Please Do n't Go '' -LRB- Big Joe Williams -RRB- - 4:50 `` She 's Got Balls '' - 4:51 `` Little Lover '' - 5:39 `` Stick Around '' - 4:44 `` Soul Stripper '' -LRB- Angus Young , Malcolm Young -RRB- - 6:25 `` You Ai n't Got a Hold on Me '' - 3:31 `` Love Song '' - 5:14 `` Show Business '' - 4:46 False advertising . Trash Atlantic
 `` It 's A Long Way To The Top ... '' -LRB- dig the bagpipe solo -RRB- and `` High Voltage '' are the two first rate songs on this album , the rest are just okay , or rather non-descript . Sort of like if Frank Zappa was a dentist in a Danish heavy metal band . `` The Jack '' goes on waaay too long . Not bad , but not great .
 This album showcases everything I ca n't stand abut AC/dc . Repetitive riffs that suck -LRB- repetition is good if done right -RRB- , annoying vocals , dumb lyrics , and song structures that bore the crap out of you . If you are a huge AC/DC fan you probably love this album . If you are like me and are not a big fan , stick with the Highway to Hell and Back and Black lps .
 i have been listening to 311 since 1995 . i loved them back then , and as time goes on they seem to get worse and worse . this album is proof of that fact . it is their worst effort yet , and i am both saddened and disappointed . i would advise anyone thinking about buying this album to not waste their money .
 While I was reading these reviews , I was amazed at how many people raved that ` From Chaos ' was the best album since their self-titeld release . You people can not be true 311 fans if you think this CD even compares to ` Music ' or the Blue Album . Soundsystem was a great CD with a fresh 311 sound , but on From Chaos , there are only a handful of songs that I consider 311 worthy . Songs like ` You Get Worked ' , ' I Told Myself ' , and ` Sick Tight ' , are just knock offs of the Blue Album . From Chaos , Amber , Hostile Apostle and Full Ride are the only songs that reflect 311 's style . All in all , I 'd say that From Chaos is my least favorite 311 CD , but it is worth the money if you are a real fan .
 I have been an avid 311 fan since back in the day . Up until now , each of their CDs has been a fresh , original take on modern rock -LRB- of which 311 's brand only recently has been dubbed `` rap-rock '' , a shame since it shares the category with a bunch of studio-generated garbage - you know who -RRB- . I do n't know what they were going after on this CD , but I REALLY hope that they are not trying to play to the market . Every one of their CDs so far has been like a different band , but always a good band . -LRB- For example , with 311 you could never say `` If you liked ____ , you 'll LOVE ___ -- because they 're sound has changed a lot -RRB- While the 311 vibe is there on this release , as is the excellent musical ability of the band , this CD is just not that fun to listen to . If they were searching for greater commercial success and recognition , I doubt this will achieve it . If they were again trying to reinvent themselves within their genre -LRB- as they have successfully done again and again -RRB- , they indeed may have succeeded , but at what price ? I do not recommend this CD .
 I found this CD , actually not mine , and at first I thought it really rocked , but the more I listened the more all the music seemed become a blur of noise ... nothing very memorable save Amber , maybe . Do n't buy this CD , save your money . I do n't feel this music at all . . its just annoying with that `` SA '' guy who ca n't rap at all ... the high nasal whinning sounds of Eminem or something ... and Nicks voice is so monotonus , sounds lika robot . Anyway theres not much to this CD , just the same old same old . Either their pushing it too much or boring the -LSB- stuff -RSB- out of you . Pretty -LSB- bad -RSB- . Do n't bother . Oh , and by the way , No Doubt and RHCP ARE way better , I 'd buy their stuff over this .
 A fellow Nebraskan , I felt obligated to help out someone from my own state trying to continue earning a living by making music . But I have to say buying `` From Chaos '' was a terrible waste of fifteen dollars .311 is continuing to make playful funk-rap music that started in the early 90 's and has since been beat to death by numerous bands . None of the lyrics are rememberable and the guitar hooks seem outdated and worn out . When the group tries to make a ballad of sorts on `` Amber '' it just makes me wince . Of course Nebraska is n't exactly a hotbed of funk music , so 311 probably did n't do too bad with the influences they grew up with . But this is n't a good album and I really wish I had n't of wasted money on it .
 Before the album came out , 311music . com said that this was going to be a beautiful album . Instead , it turns out to sound like `` Grassroots , '' only 5 times worse . Nick Hexum can not write lyrics to save his life , and plenty of the songs sound similar , such as `` You Get Worked '' and `` Wake Your Mind Up . ''
 This album is really awful . My mom kind of digs it , but otherwise it does n't get played at all . I think it 's safe to say that 311 went `` Britney '' on this album , with all the recycled beats and songs about female `` empowerment '' . It does n't really sound good though . I actually ran into Nick Hexum a few weeks back and he had nothing but good things to say about this album . I asked if I could sneak a listen to a few tracks so we went out to his car and turned it up . And then I turned it off . Who do these guys think they are , Janet Jackson ?! I gave Nick my honest take on the four songs he let me listen to and he took a few minutes to fully digest it . And then he punched me in the face . He said that `` in the end , revenge sends zen to the defendant . '' And I said that `` in the end , SA Martinez is a flower and a -LSB- bad -RSB- MC ! '' before sprinting away . I definitely liked these guys better when they were called C&C Music Factory .
 I 'm not a 311 hater , it 's just that I think this cd has a lot of filler . I borrowed it , because I liked the song Amber -LRB- and still do -RRB- and thats probably the only song I enjoyed on the cd . His voice can get annoying after a while . I do n't really like it .
 1 . You Get Worked-A typical 311 track that is basically them trying to make themselves look like bada $ $ es , AND FAILING BIG TIME ! 2 . Sick Tight - * see `` You Get Worked '' * 3 . You Would n't Believe-The first single -LRB- and first stand out track -RRB- of the album . It just has this good feel behind it . Seems to be talking about a bad boyfriend or something like that .4 . Full Ride - * see `` You Get Worked '' * -LRB- Beginning to notice a pattern yet ? -RRB- 5 . From Chaos-The 2nd best track on this cd , it talks about how when you get through hard times , you always seems to learn a little more about yourself . The only problem with this track is that it doe n't sound that much different than the other tracks .6 . I Told Myself-This song is about a guy who keeps going back to this girl that even he knows is wrong for him . You can almost dance to this track.7.Champagne-The first of two mellow tracks on this cd -LRB- the other being Amber -RRB- . I tend to skip these tracks .8 . Hositle Apostle-The best song on this cd . It talks about all of the musicans/actors/models / etc. that people take as role models , but they are really bad role models . The heaviest song on the cd .9 . Wake Your Mind Up - * see `` You get Worked '' * -LRB- The pattern rolls on ... -RRB- 10 . Amber - * see `` Champagne '' * 11 . Uncalm - * see `` You Get Worked '' * -LRB- The pattern finally dies -RRB- 12 . I 'll Be Here Awhile-The name basically explains this song .
 A Great disappointment . At first I was happy to see the combination of two great groups so I ran and bought a copy . A great disappointment followed as the tracks on this CD sound NOTHING like the orginal recordings . These are songs that remind me of good times in the past when I was a child growing up and took an early interest in listening to music . Someone got greedy and made a mess . You can stop them from choking on their greed by NOT wasting your money on this product .
 I purchased this CD at Wal-Mart about 2 years ago . I must say , this is the `` WORST '' music compilation I have ever had the misfortune of coming across . I never expected to see it listed on CDNow because I assumed it was a `` bootleg '' copy that mysteriously made its way into Wal-Mart 's inventory . It does not sound like either of the groups we have all come to know and love . There is nothing on the packaging that indicates these songs are performed by someone other than the original artists , so just who is murdering their hits . It could n't be J. Anthony Brown ! He sounds better than this crap ! This collection reminds me of an impromptu rehearsal in someone 's basement , like the recording session by Otis Williams and the Distants in `` The Temptations '' movie . The only thing missing is the sound of a toilet flushing . Perhaps I 'll just initate that -- and drop in this CD !
 I 've been a fan of the Delfonics and the Chi-Lites for years , got their 45 's and their LP 's , when I came across this disc I thought I found the ultimate collection of the two , boy was I disappointed . Every song on the disc by both groups are re-recordings , not the original recordings . There 's nothing worse than finding a song you really love that brings back certain memories from a certain period of time and then when you hear it , it 's not what you remember . I 've seen both groups perform in the last couple of years , do n't get me wrong , these guys still sound great and I 'm not blaming them for my dislike of this disc , it 's the record company who 's at fault here . I guess it 's a good marketing gimmick not to mention anything about not being the original recordings , I fell for it . I just wish record companies would state this on a disc and not try to decieve the buying public . If this disc was named `` Back to Back , Today '' I think everyone would have a better idea of the contents of the disc .
 Do n't insult these two lengendary groups by buying this cd . If you really love these two groups , go buy other cd 's where they are not joined at the hip . The Delfonics have 200 great songs , why try to put 5 on one cd ? This cd is just an example of the man trying to make extra money .
 This is one of the times in which I can truly say without intent that this is one of the most poorly made copy of the Delphonics and the Chilites you will ever here . It 's such a let down that I stopped buying CDs ' for a short while . I would not advise anyone to purchase this CD , not even my worst enemy ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you like Sarah I guess you 'll love this stuff , but it 's depressing to realise how many do . This collection is more of the same
 I 've been a Brightman fan for 12 years , and I ca n't TELL you how irritated I am that she is recycling her work to the degree that she has of late . I 've been listening to most of the songs on this album for AGES . We need something new ! Please ! I 'm giving this CD 1 star not because the music is bad -- on the contrary , it 's quite good . But , I ca n't handle ANOTHER Sarah CD that is n't all new music . I can only hope that Sarah and Frank Peterson frequent Amazon and read these reviews so that they will know it 's time for something fresh . -LRB- Incidentally , I realize that this CD was released by the Really Useful Group -LRB- ALW -RRB- . Even so , there is n't enough new material here to warrant this album . -RRB- Seeing another retread of her songs is making me want to amplify my search for new/different/better artists .
 sarah brightmans new encore just rocks . buy it today its number one with clarabelle collins infact i do listen to it all of the time . been a very faithful fan of sarahs for so many years now . i think she is a great singer and . also a nice lady my big dream is to meet her inperson someday . if iam lucky enough to but who knows its a small world after all . yours truly clarabelle
 I have to agree with the above review . As an early fan of Sarah Brightman , I have almost every one of these songs already on previous CD 's ; the same recordings and everything . While she truly has a beautiful voice , I just do n't think it 's very fair to her earlier fans when they want something new and fresh to listen to . Everything on this CD is recycled ; I could have made it at home on my own computer ! There are no new tracks and nothing very enticing about this CD to make me buy it . If Sarah decides to start recording some new songs instead of continuously marketing her old stuff , I might , just might , buy it then . But only until then .
 I really think the album is a sequel to their last studio release Back From the Dead . Nothing new , a little boring , and not what I expected from a reunion album . I bought the album expecting to refresh some albums like Cause of Death , The End Complete and Slowly we Rot , and it did , in a very small way.Still , the album has great tracks ... My favorite track is Lockjaw because it kind of mixes two Obituary stages through the years `` Cause of Death '' to `` World Demise '' , On the Floor sounds a lot like Back to One from `` The End Complete '' , and Slow Death is a good headbanging track . I 'm really glad theyre back though , since Obituary is one of my favorite Death Metal bands . But we have to give credit where credit is due , and having bands like Vader and Dismember still around , we can see that the original essence can be kept . Not enough effort -LRB- in staying fresh , that is -RRB- .
 I was never a huge Obituary fan , but I liked their albums a bit . This one is pretty redundant though . A lot of the songs could almost be instrumentals . The riffs are definitely Alan West , but have little variation . John Tardy 's vocals are better this time , he enunciates well . Overall , Obituary deliver a passable , if uncreative take on purist Death Metal with their trademark sound , but that 's all .
 please some body call me at 510-791-2002 . you have charged me for this item and never send me the merchandize . either send it or refound my money .
 This album is flatulence.Whilst the musicianship , production and haircuts are all absolutely spot on the fact remains that the melodies are 100 % predictable and you can see the breakdowns coming a mile off.I thought metalcore was supposed to be exciting and full of vein popping adrenaline.This ai n't . For a start it has a keyboard . Bleeding Through can pull this off as they utilise it in a gothic , campy way . The Locust & Horse the Band get away with it cos they rape the hell out of it like they do the rest of their instruments.Still Remains keyboard usage has more in common with 80s hair metal . It soars , flourishes and underpins saccharine-sweet guitar work . Basically it sounds cheesey.From a melodic point of view this album is the nuts . If i can get the chorus from White Walls out of my head this decade I will be doing well . But for me , aside from the vocal delivery , this cd falls into a dry ice filled time-warp somewhere between Maiden and Europe -LRB- eww -RRB- . There is only so many twin guitar melodies I can stomach and the keys are about as welcome as a TB outbreak on a cattle farm.Metalcore should be a fusion of metal 's dark , rage filled riffing and hardcore 's passion , intensity and weight -LRB- see Botch or early Cave-In -RRB- . This is mid-paced , uber-melodic thrash , with a smattering of hardcore vocals and embarrassingly ham-fisted proggy synths . I bet they think its fashionable to sweat.This is n't metalcore -LRB- a double kick-drum does not a metalcore band make -RRB- . Their sincerity and conviction seems contrived and unconvincing.I just do n't believe in this band .
 These guys demonstrate a reasonable grasp of melodic death metal but their undeniable emo and nu-metal influnces water it down rather than adding a catchy pop element that works . The wussy monotonous mid-tempo drumming on every song drains the music of a lot of potential intensity . This is some of the most boring drumming you 'll ever hear from a metal band , and it plays a significant part in relegating this band to the boring conventional mainstream drivel category . 5/10 . If you want a metalcore album that will really kick your speakers in , check out the self-titled album from With Resistance . At least listen to it before you give me a not helpful vote , I 'm trying to help you out here .
 this band would be great if they didnt have THE FREAKING KEYBOARDS . it is annoying they come on during the would havebeen cool breakdowns.if you are a metalcore fan like me andyou dont mind the keyboards buy it , you might like it but iwill stick with as i lay dying and there keyboard free c.d
 `` White Walls '' is one of the greatest American metalcore songs I 've ever heard . Otherwise , this is formulaic , European influenced `` scream-verses , sing-choruses '' metalcore . I will say they are better than bands like Atreyu -LRB- only slightly-they are both pretty good at an overdone form of music -RRB- and It Dies Today -LRB- worst metalcore band in history . -RRB-
 It is easy to understand why this album was unreleased for thirty years . You have to be a fanatical Kingsmen fan to endure this mediocre production . This album is the result of two live performances during November 15 and 16 , 1963 in Portland , Oregon . Again another clue.Jerry Dennon , owner of Jerden Records , which released the album , says this is a compilation of out-takes which during 1964 `` were too wild to be released on the Wand ablum titled LOUIE LOUIE . '' I do n't think `` wild '' is the correct adjective . I think Marv Schlacter , owner of Scepter/Wand Records knew garbage when he heard it.Moreover , Jack Ely , the original lead singer , had quit the group before these performances , so Lynn Easton , the saxophone player handled lead vocals and , occassionally , Mike Mitchell , the guitarist sang lead . Jerry Dennon says he took recording engineer Kearney Barton to Portland . If you waste your time listening to this album , you will question Kearney 's credentials or skills . This is an amateur live recording with the drums sounding as if on the other side of the room . Most of the time , the audience is unheard and when heard , they sound like four people at a table.Besides the amateurish miking and recording , the band sounds like a high-school cover band whose members had rehearsed for three weekends and managed to co-ordinate a few basic chords with an uninspiring four-four beat.Granted there are some great songs on this album such as Louie Louie , What 'd I Say , Twist and Shout , Ooh Poo Pah Doo and Money . If you want the Kingsmen versions of such songs , I suggest other albums . I have not listened to other Kingsmen albums and now fear buying such after enduring this travesty . But , the LOUIE LOUIE album on the Wand label went gold on the Billboard charts , so perhaps it is a safe purchase.While this is uninspiring to say the least , remember , during 1964 the Kingsmen performing Louie Louie toppled the Beatles from the pop music charts number-one position and squashed another cover-version by Paul Revere & the Raiders , a Portland , Oregon-based group . However , also remember the Kingsmen were covering Richard Berry 's original 1958 recording and never learned all the lyrics . They mimicked the song after repetitively listening to Richard Berry played on a jukebox in Seaside , Oregon.The original Kingsmen version has lead-singer Jack Ely slurring some lyrics because he simply did not know the words.The Live and Unreleased album should have remained unreleased . If these performances were worth releasing , Marv Schlacter owner of Scepter/Wand Records would have exploited them during 1965 .
 With the exceptions of `` Problem Child '' and that irresistible title cut , you have heard WAY better from AC/DC . `` Squealer '' is a case of an intriguing lyric on sexual mores -LRB- at least , on Bon Scott 's terms -RRB- buried by a kind of marking-timeness in the song structure which permeates the entire album . And , considering it was their second album , actually -LRB- `` Let There Be Rock '' was their third , though it was only the second to get a U.S. release -RRB- , that 's saying something . Of course , topping a debut as audacious as `` High Voltage '' was n't exactly a simple trick - but it would n't take very long for AC/DC to get back on the right foot ...
 Personally I did n't like this album when I bought it . Something seemed to be missing from it . But I far from concider this a flop . The tunes simply stick to you , especially the title track . -LRB- Which was the reason I bought this . -RRB- And it is perfect for those with a sick sense of humor . I am more of metalhead listener . And if you fall under that category I do n't reccomend this CD . But if you 're in the mood for purebred golden rock-and-roll , this CD is incredeble . It all depends on perspective
 Quickly compiled to bide time after the death of Bon Scott , `` Dirty '' is the rest of the material from the band 's first two Aussie albums that did n't make it onto the U.S. release of `` High Voltage '' . While it does contain some good songs -LRB- `` Rocker '' , the title track -RRB- most of this is forgettable . `` Big Balls '' is hardly classic AC/DC and the extra minutes added onto the end of `` Problem Child '' does nothing to enhance the track at all -LRB- the edit sounds so artifical that it ends up hurting it instead -RRB- . `` Dirty Deeds '' is a stop gap measure before the release of `` Back In Black '' and should be approached as such .
 Dirty Deeds is one of the earlier `` classic '' albums from AC/DC . I 'm not a huge fan of Bon Scott era AC/DC , barring the Highway to Hell album . Dirty deeds starts on a high note - the title track . The title track is one solid song , easily up there in the ranks of AC/DC classics . I 'm sorry to say the rest of the album does n't live up the high standards set by the first track.AC / DC is a band that relies on repetition , almost more then any other band in the history of rock . This does not work in their favor , as many of the songs on Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap are faceless . They 're not memorable in any sort of way ; they lack the attention getting power of future AC/DC songs . If anything , Dirty Deeds showcases just how far AC/DC still has to go to get to the top . `` Big Balls '' is another semi-quality song . It 's definitely the dirtiest on Dirty Deeds , but it is still well done . Bon does a great job brining this song to life.The last notable song is `` Ride On '' - which is widely praised as one of AC/DC 's best . Well , it 's easily one of the worst attempts at a ballad I 've ever heard . This song -LRB- and the lack of subsequent ones like it -RRB- show that AC/DC have not a slow song in them , and I have no idea why they felt compelled to include Ride On in any studio album.Overall , Dirty Deeds is n't a horrible album , it 's just that it leaves a lot to be desired . If you like your rock 'n' roll dirty and repetitive , this is right up your alley , but if you 're looking for some more thoroughly solid AC/DC , just stick with one of the big three
 This album is nothing special when you look at all the other much better classic rock of the era .
 I hate , hate , hate the song `` Big Balls . '' I recall being in a record store way back in the Seventies when somebody put it on . Even as a clueless Twentysomething I reacted violently , wanting to ram an icepick into my ears.I am convinced , listen to Big Balls more than once and your brain cells will wither and die .
 I am a huge fan of AC/DC and all of their albums are good but this AC/DC CD is the worst !! The title song and Love at first feel are the only songs that i like . There is a song on the CD called `` Big Balls '' . What was AC/DC thinking ?
 When i bought this i was looking foward to `` hard rock '' like on BACK IN BLACK , FLY ON THE WALL , or , FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK.This album is crap!When i put it on , i listened to DIRTY DEEDS , and track 2 came on -LRB- skip -RRB- , track 3 -LRB- skip -RRB- , track 4 -LRB- skip -RRB- , track 5 -LRB- skip -RRB- , track 6 -LRB- skip -RRB- , track 7 -LRB- skip -RRB- , track 8 -LRB- skip -RRB- , untilltrack # 9 -LRB- which is `` squealer '' -RRB- I did n't skip , now -LRB- to me -RRB- , Brian Johnson is way better than Bon -LRB- though he 's good too -RRB- . I think that this would 've been better with Brian.Dont get this album if you 're new to AC/DC , get either BACK IN BLACK , HIGHWAY TO HELL , FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK , FLICK OF THE SWITCH , FLY ON THE WALL , LET THERE BE ROCK , or THE RAZORS EDGE.But if you 're a big fan , you 'll like it .
 Buy this only for Dirty Deeds , Problem Child and Aint No Fun . There 's Gon na be Some Rockin ' might be the worst song AC/DC has ever made .
 I made the horrible mistake of buying this cd for the fact that it was produced by organized noize and backbone was part of the dungeon family . Dungeon Family + Organized Noize Production = Definite Hit right ? WRONG !!! I 'm a big fan of both parties , but I honestly do n't know how or why they released this trash . Backbone is probably the weakest rapper I 've ever heard in my life . He squeeks when he raps ... literally squeeks . He sounds like he has indefinite hiccups . Seriously , I would place this album somewhere in the top 5 worst rap albums ever ! I do n't mean to be a hater , but I spent my hard earned cash on this garbage and ended up selling it for $ 1 at a pawnshop b/c NOBODY wanted to buy it from me . It 's really that bad ...
 I do n't really know what to say about this album . On one hand , some songs are tight . On the other hand , it seems like a perfect waste of a good beat -LRB- see track # 10 -RRB- . I bought this album because I like most of the Dungeon Family 's work . The intro is kind of misleading because it 's kind of hot , but most of the album is n't . Some songs play with the beat for so long that it makes you want to skip it -LRB- see track # 11 -RRB- . Also , I did n't like how an old Outkast beat was jacked on track # 9 -LRB- from the Aquemini outro -RRB- . Speaking of Aquemini , the hook from `` Slump '' was jacked too -LRB- on track # 13 -RRB- . This album did make me wonder where Witchdoctor went . He 's so underrated . If you 're not a die hard southern rap fan , skip this one.Personal Favorites
 This album was aiight . the only reason why i did n't give it 3starz was because it was below my expectations . He got potential but dem beats was weak . One thing bout Ga music is either u gone love it or hate it . This cd i hate . Dont but dis folkz .
 Yo , I like the Dungeon Family but this album is weak . The lyrics are not tight at all . The guests such as Youngbloodz , Goodie Mob , Coolbreeze , Slic Patna , Slimm Calhoun give so so vocals . The beats and the production could n't save this one.Every song ... hard . Yo I hope the Dungeon Family 's Album is better than this one .
 I am a hardcore Dungen Family fan but Backbones Cd is booty bunk weak.The single 5-Deuce 4-Tre hyped me up for the cd but like most cd 's you will not find over 3 or 4 songs worth listening to.Lord Have Mercy is decent and the song O.K. is just that ... ok . Save your hard earned money and tape it from one of your potnas or just get the maxi single . Peace !
 All the songs sound the same . I could n't tell which song I was listening to . Anybody can do that ! BORING !!!
 Hey yall . This review is going out to that De De girl . Just because people are saying that they do n't like this CD does not mean they are haters . Personally , I do n't like this CD either , but that 's MY opinion ! You ca n't judge nobody 's opinion because everyone is different . Things you like somebody else might not like . I ai n't no hater I just tells it like it is . Peace , Dee .
 This CD just proves that ANYONE can rap ! I mean , a Nickelodean talk show host ? Oh well . It has to be somewhat creative . It does have a song called `` Get Crunk Shorty '' .
 The music was so-so . Just a bit off and ca n't quite place exactly how . Although , now that he 's married Mariah Carey , it wo n't matter HOW many CDs he sells unless he 's REALLY into his music .
 This is by far one of the WORST rap CD 's I 've ever heard in my life . You ca n't even call this rap . This is some kid who made a load of money off a movie and thinks he can rap now . This is a disgrace to all rap artists out there . Do n't be a fool , when you see this CD at your local store ... run far , far away !
 Fizzle got a song called ` Dunka ' with a crazy sample f / MH & Snoop Dogg produced by Platinum Status that was probably left off of the `` You Got Served '' soundtrack ... Callin him a `` Flowka '' AKA `` Wanksta '' ! I got 1 question 4 Nick ... Wheres ur `` Cannon '' Nick ?
 Now , I do n't care that Nick Cannon got his start on Nickelodeon . That does n't necessarily mean you 're not going to be a good artist . Basically , I just looked at this album for what it was
 thanks to getting down with R.Kelly `` Feeling Freaky '' has some Funny Lyrics that cracked me up & also `` Gigolo '' which is a Cool Track.but Nick Vocally is so-so but He raps a little bit which has mixed results as well.but the Wit & Humor in His Lyrics are funny sometimes.I ca n't say where He will end as a Artist though .
 ummm nick cannon sucks thats all i got to say ... only good song was gigolo and r.kelly made that song beacuse of his smooth voice ... i hope nick cannon gets a cap busted in the back of his behind
 What can I say about this ?? I only needed to hear two songs to know that this cd would NEVER find it 's way into my collection . `` Ya Pops '' and that `` Gigolo '' song are equally awful . Nick Cannon is the corniest actor/wannabe rapper that I have seen in a while.The only thing worse than his music are those globs of saliva that are always in the corners of his mouth.Save your $ $ $ .
 I dont get it when hes dissin B2K when their featured on this albums 2nd single . I told Omarion of B2K , when i luckly ran n2 him , at how much I luv dat song dat he did wit him . Den all of a sudden his 3rd single , ` Gigolo ' , appears ! I suggest yall 2 jus download da damn thang cuz im only feelin jus 2 of em!BEST SONG
 This is one of the worst albums I 've ever heard in my entire life.I love the fact that he has to prove his `` street cred '' even though his completely manicured image up to this point has been wholesome.Yeah , Nickelodeon , the starting point of all things `` gangsta . '' The only thing more ridiculous would be if Paris Hilton had an album coming out ... oh wait she does . Nice company Nick .
 First it was Lil Bow Wow and now its Nick Cannon and a huge list of others who are ruining rap music . It wasnt too long ago that rappers all had their different styles of rapping and they all had signature styles of production . And most importantly , they had good rhymes . Now it seems like 3 producers make beats for a bunch of idiots who just got out of jail and think they can rap or a bunch of little kids or former child stars who just want to cash in . It is pathetic that such a great form of music has been lowered to this level . I can see why people hate rap music these days , with all of the garbage that is being released . In addition to the horrible `` music '' included on this thing , just look at some of the song titles `` Get Crunk Shorty '' , `` My Rib '' , and most likely the stupidest song title of the year , `` Your Pops Do n't Like Me -LRB- I Really Do n't Like This Dude -RRB- '' . You have got ta be kidding me ! People classify this as rap ? What is going on with the world ? Please leave Nick Cannons waste of plastic on the rack and go check out Tupac 's `` Greatest Hits '' , The Beastie Boys `` Licensed To Ill '' , or some other sort of creative rap music that was made for the love of the genre and not for the love of money .
 When I saw Nick Cannon 's video for his first single ... I really thought it was a joke . . then he goes on BET promoting his new album and talking about how great it is ! NO WAY ... This guy can not rap and has no charisma whatsoever ... he literally has to do the stuidest things in order to get some tv attention ... just awful ... the lyrics are pretty bad and so is the production
 My god this guy can not rap IZ U SERIOUS IVE BEEN WIT DOWN WIT DEZ STANKIN H *** S ALL MY LIFE IVE BEEN DOIN EM ALL NITE IN DA CLUBZ YO I BEEN A POPPIN DAT TING ALL NITE LONG that is what rap is today people there are some mainstream exceptionsLyrics 1/10 Production 2/10 X Factor 1/10 Classic 1/10 Me -1 / 10Overall-5 / 50 This album gets a great 10 % You are an idiot .
 I just heard `` Whenever you need me '' , that beat was done by some biter , i ca n't believe that 's even legal cause thats the same exact beat that was on Camp Lo 's first CD `` Uptown Saturday Night '' produced by Ski . For those of you who liked this CD , i do n't expect you to care . For those of you who did n't like this CD check `` Uptown Saturday Night '' and let Camp Lo show you that that beat can be rapped to . I apologize for not having heard this entire CD before reviewing it but im convinced i did n't miss much .
 this cd is awesome . i love the songs . ecspecially `` My Mic '' with those other rappers . it 's classic . I also like `` Your Pops Do n't Like Me . '' its so cool . everyone should go get it . i hate this cd . the songs `` My Mic '' and `` Your Pops dont like me '' STINK.Nick Cannnon 's cd Nick Cannon rules !!!! i listen to it all day . everyday . i dont even have it . i hvent listened to those songs either . but i love them anyway.go see drumlineand 8 mileand Holesand Napolean dynamiteand that other show.hayuweeyububba.i love thisi hate thisbut i love itill give him a 2.5 for tryingand for being in drumlineuno dos trescuatro sinco seis50 cent is cooland so is eminemand dr.dreand 2pacand g-unitand that other guyyo pops dont like me -LRB- i really dont like this dude -RRB- get this homie g
 Somebody should stick to act . he good a acter . Really Bad rapper . Its gets 2 out of 5
 For perspective , I was a pretty solid Heart fan from the time they hit with Magic Man . and Crazy on You , I even have the original LP and picture disc of `` Magazine '' , as well as Passionworks -LRB- which I do like -RRB- , and all the `` big '' albums . In short , I 'm a fan.I just listened to most of the Private Audition , and I have the same feeling as I did waaay back when it originally came out . It has a couple strong songs , but Ann 's voice sounds strained for four to five songs and is n't all that listenable . The album sounds like Heart is trying to make the songs work on almost -LRB- almost -RRB- only their vocals , and w/Ann 's voice not in top shape , the sound is n't all that good . The music , on the whole , is bland . That 's why it has been `` forgotten '' . -LRB- On the other hand , so has Passionworks which I find odd because sonics are very good and it is a transition album for them , much stronger than PAud , giving indication of what was to come , Bad Animals if memory serves me . -RRB- Put another way , it sounds as if they tried to stretch more oomph out of their old sound when the industry was changing , and could n't . My recommendation is to buy selected songs from iTunes unless you want the complete Heart catalog . My top three
 Thank god I bought this at the used tape store . This album was such a disapointment . I love Heart , but stay away from this one . P.U. it stinks .
 Thank god I bought this at the used tape store . This album was such a disapointment . I love Heart , but stay away from this one . P.U. it stinks .
 I absolutely love this movie ... and I loved the music in it , but they left the best stuff out . I love Olivia 's songs , but there is no Tammy Wynette at all . And the quoted lines are good , but not the best . The sometimes tend toward the melancholy and the unmemorable ... it 's like they waited for the line after the big laugh line and included it . Buy the DVD when it comes out and Tammy Wynette 's greatest hits and you 'll be much more pleased .
 As an Olivia fan , I had to add this soundtrack to my collection . But after listening to it once , I have no desire to hear it again , and it 's been shelved . Nevertheless , I 'm glad I have it for the few Olivia tracks that are featured .
 The music and lyric components of `` Sordid Lives '' is lively and entertaining . However , the inclusion of dialogue from the DVD is annoying and dissonant . The product labeling is not clear that this product is part of the actual soundtrack for the film -LRB- or series -RRB- . The play goes from musical and fun to mumbled spoken lines by the cast - which if you have not seen the production , are confusing and interruptive to listening . I contacted the seller to see if he had sent me the wrong product . He responded that he did not know about dialogue/music , because the AMAZON LABEL did not include the info about the dialogue as part of the product description . IF I had known that , I would not have purchased the CD .
 If you are a true Olivia Newton John fan , stay away from this CD . In comparison with most of her recordings , Olivia 's songs in this album are pretty disappointing . Her participation is not what I would have expected . With the exception of two , the rest of her songs were not recorded in a studio ; they were taken from the movie scenes . They are really brief , they have no music arrangements and the sound quality is awful . It is a pity that other artists had been treated better in this CD . Olivia songs sound terrible in comparison . Spare yourself the heartache of listening to Olivia 's wonderful voice completely wasted .
 Get away from this soundtrack now unless you are an absolute die-hard Olivia Newton-John fan . It is horrible . When you are used to Olivia 's innocence and pure voice , it is just pure nerve wracking to listen to this . When she came out with it 's a b **** sortin ' out our sordid lives , and you 'll probably get a really s *** ty prize , that is just when I had to turn it off . This will definatly turn you against Olivia Newton-John unless you are a lover of her to the very end , nomatter what .
 This soundtrack is just the latest victim of a horrible concept
 I would give this soundtrack 4 stars for its tremendous blend of exciting music but the dialogue absolutely ruins every single track . I have my own life and groove I want to get on . I do n't want to constantly be reminded of the same dialogue each and every time i pop in the CD . You can watch a movie two or three times and that is usually enough . But songs - you want to listen to good songs hundreds of times . ... believe me - no dialogue no matter how good can stand up to that kind of repeat listening . and besides , what if I want to play a song with a different mood in mind ? I ca n't escape the mood set by the dialogue . I loved the movie . But if I want to hear dialogue I will watch my DVD . Stop this UNBELIEVABLY HORRIBLE trend . It is beyond terrible .
 People who liked this movie ... well ... they need help . The soundtrack was utterly tragic . The music in the movie was great but the good stuff does not appear on the soundtrack ... and they ruined it with disgusting dialogue from the film . If they produce a score from the movie without the dialogue it would be worth buying . Save your money .
 I 've been delving deep into roots reggae for about 8 years , but finally got around to checking out Third World just now . As my introduction to them , this compilation is not very good . Or maybe I just do n't like the group 's sound as much as all the other roots I 've fallen in love with . Third World seems to lack a distinctive vocal sound . I found their harmonizing to be boring . The song that they 're perhaps most known for , `` 96 Degrees in the Shade '' is pretty mediocre in my opinion . Their version of Bunny Wailer 's `` Dream Land '' is pretty weak . Maybe I need to check out their earliest albums , since the few songs on here I did think were decent were from their early days .
 I got hooked on country through Lonestar , have all their albums , and of course expanded my so limited country music experience , by listening to lots of different artists . Could not wait to get the newest Lonestar , but I am not sure who I listend to just now , the only song that sounded like the group I liked , is the title `` I am already there '' , seems to me the guys are trying to be to much Rock and Roll rather than sticking with the old familiar sound , new is good but not always best . I am for one am disappointed , this is not one CD that I will be playing over and over again . Do n't know which direction their going but hope they come back .
 Lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . I 'm Already There and Not A Day Goes By suffers from `` Amazed '' syndrome . Amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every '80s heavy metal band power ballad . Did they listen to Monster Ballads 2 too much while making this album in Nashville ? I 'm Already There comes off as very Diane Warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . Their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . These songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this .
 I am listening to `` Lone Star '' As I am typing this.The band I am hearing has nothing to do with what I am seeing on this web site . What gives ?? Are these guys ripping off a band that pioneered hard rock when no body else had the balls to do it ??
 I will summarize the album , quickly . Not country . Not at all.It seems like Lonestar went downhill , after their debut album , hit the stores , back in 1995 . Their sound was non-consistent , as was the way they dressed.I gave this album 3 or 4 listens -LRB- ca n't really remember -RRB- , and I can say that there are 2 great songs . `` I 'm Already There -LRB- though it reeks of Amazed -RRB- and `` Without You '' ; which is one of my favorite Lonestar songs . Had these songs been included on their last album , it would have been a whole lot better.My advice to anyone who is thinking about purchasing the album - ... Do n't put money in this 80 's rock-band-wannabe group .
 Extremely schmaltzy . Full orchestrations and marching band Not at all like spontaneous beer-haus music.I wish I 'd listened to the clips first !
 I made the horrible mistake of buying this cd for the fact that it was produced by organized noize and backbone was part of the dungeon family . Dungeon Family + Organized Noize Production = Definite Hit right ? WRONG !!! I 'm a big fan of both parties , but I honestly do n't know how or why they released this trash . Backbone is probably the weakest rapper I 've ever heard in my life . He squeeks when he raps ... literally squeeks . He sounds like he has indefinite hiccups . Seriously , I would place this album somewhere in the top 5 worst rap albums ever ! I do n't mean to be a hater , but I spent my hard earned cash on this garbage and ended up selling it for $ 1 at a pawnshop b/c NOBODY wanted to buy it from me . It 's really that bad ...
 I do n't really know what to say about this album . On one hand , some songs are tight . On the other hand , it seems like a perfect waste of a good beat -LRB- see track # 10 -RRB- . I bought this album because I like most of the Dungeon Family 's work . The intro is kind of misleading because it 's kind of hot , but most of the album is n't . Some songs play with the beat for so long that it makes you want to skip it -LRB- see track # 11 -RRB- . Also , I did n't like how an old Outkast beat was jacked on track # 9 -LRB- from the Aquemini outro -RRB- . Speaking of Aquemini , the hook from `` Slump '' was jacked too -LRB- on track # 13 -RRB- . This album did make me wonder where Witchdoctor went . He 's so underrated . If you 're not a die hard southern rap fan , skip this one.Personal Favorites
 This album was aiight . the only reason why i did n't give it 3starz was because it was below my expectations . He got potential but dem beats was weak . One thing bout Ga music is either u gone love it or hate it . This cd i hate . Dont but dis folkz .
 Yo , I like the Dungeon Family but this album is weak . The lyrics are not tight at all . The guests such as Youngbloodz , Goodie Mob , Coolbreeze , Slic Patna , Slimm Calhoun give so so vocals . The beats and the production could n't save this one.Every song ... hard . Yo I hope the Dungeon Family 's Album is better than this one .
 I am a hardcore Dungen Family fan but Backbones Cd is booty bunk weak.The single 5-Deuce 4-Tre hyped me up for the cd but like most cd 's you will not find over 3 or 4 songs worth listening to.Lord Have Mercy is decent and the song O.K. is just that ... ok . Save your hard earned money and tape it from one of your potnas or just get the maxi single . Peace !
 Kindred is a talented husband and wife team whose voices demonstrate the strength of their spiritual bond . With songs like `` Stars '' and `` Far Away '' , the duo address issues common to many married couples . However , `` Surrender to Love '' often degenerates into simplistic lyrics and that annoying , sing-song cadence that is so often associated with spoken word .
 It is sad that people have been listening to crap for so long that htey would consider this a good cd . There is nothing that differentiates this cd or this music from any oth the hundreds of mindless , musically-challenged , non-artists out there today . It could have been Erika , Gil , India or Bonequitia `` singing '' any of those `` songs '' . Save your money for real musicians who refuse to be mundane .
 Enough greatest hit packages . True Chicago fans want Carneige Hall and Japan . Though this would be good for some people and just in time for valentines day , most of these songs are from Chicago 's ballad eighties era . For me and many others Chicago died with Terry Kath . Though they still made decent music it can never match the brilliance of their first five albums . This one though will make my wife happy but leave me yearning for Ballet for a Girl in Buchannon .
 Is there another band out there that releases as many greatest hits packages as Chicago ? They are shameless , and this is coming from a longtime fan . Someone please count up the number of repackaged greatest hits collections they have put out since the original Chicago IX all those years ago . I saw this latest collection in the store today and began to laugh that they found yet another way to push their music , some of which is pretty tired to say the least . Give it a rest guys please ! Put out a quality album of new material and re-release Carnegie Hall and Live in Japan . No more greatest hits !!!
 How many times has Chicago repackaged their songs to be bought over and over again ? Tacking on two sub-par live performances to entice completists is an insult and another blow to their ever-dwindling fan base . It 's high time that the band and their management stop insulting their fans by asking them to buy the same stuff over and over again and instead record something new and worthwhile . DO N'T BUY THIS CD - SEND A MESSAGE TO CHICAGO THAT THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE .
 I like to think of myself as one of the biggest Chicago fans around ; I 've seen them many times in concert , including the most recent tour with Earth , Wind & Fire . I think it 's great that they 've included the two live tracks from the Chicago/EWF tour on this CD , but enough is enough ! These are GREAT musicians , and it 's time for a NEW STUDIO album ! I simply can not believe how many compilations and greatest hits packages Chicago has released in the past fifteen years ! I will not buy an album of previously released tracks simply because there are two new songs . Chicago , be good to your fans and treat them to some new stuff ... PLEASE !!!
 Please ... give up the `` Greatest Hits '' era . Let 's try just one new release of unheard material or maybe it 's about time to get S.O.S. off of the shelf , clean it up , and get it out there so those who have n't heard it get a chance to see what Chicago can do when they want to work it.Time to stop treating us to more re-packages .
 Do n't fall for the brochure , this is one trip you will regret . Barely a chuckle .
 Do n't fall for the brochure , this is one trip you will regret . Barely a chuckle .
 Those seven words must have crossed my mind at least a dozen times while playing this disc for the first time . But the mantra failed to generate any aural nirvana
 Actually purchased this album because I was very intrigued by the title -LRB- also name of band -RRB- . Thing is , I still dont have any idea `` Who 's Holdin '' . I gave it a spin several times -LRB- actually my cd player was stuck with this and others in it -RRB- but it now sits on my shelf collecting dust . The vocalist reminds me of Glenn Danzig . This is a good thing but unfortunatley , the band does n't have an all to original sound .
 Among the few remix CDs I bought , my opinion is that this one does not meet my expectations . In essence , money not well spent .
 I got hooked on country through Lonestar , have all their albums , and of course expanded my so limited country music experience , by listening to lots of different artists . Could not wait to get the newest Lonestar , but I am not sure who I listend to just now , the only song that sounded like the group I liked , is the title `` I am already there '' , seems to me the guys are trying to be to much Rock and Roll rather than sticking with the old familiar sound , new is good but not always best . I am for one am disappointed , this is not one CD that I will be playing over and over again . Do n't know which direction their going but hope they come back .
 Lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . I 'm Already There and Not A Day Goes By suffers from `` Amazed '' syndrome . Amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every '80s heavy metal band power ballad . Did they listen to Monster Ballads 2 too much while making this album in Nashville ? I 'm Already There comes off as very Diane Warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . Their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . These songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this .
 I am listening to `` Lone Star '' As I am typing this.The band I am hearing has nothing to do with what I am seeing on this web site . What gives ?? Are these guys ripping off a band that pioneered hard rock when no body else had the balls to do it ??
 I will summarize the album , quickly . Not country . Not at all.It seems like Lonestar went downhill , after their debut album , hit the stores , back in 1995 . Their sound was non-consistent , as was the way they dressed.I gave this album 3 or 4 listens -LRB- ca n't really remember -RRB- , and I can say that there are 2 great songs . `` I 'm Already There -LRB- though it reeks of Amazed -RRB- and `` Without You '' ; which is one of my favorite Lonestar songs . Had these songs been included on their last album , it would have been a whole lot better.My advice to anyone who is thinking about purchasing the album - ... Do n't put money in this 80 's rock-band-wannabe group .
 I was made aware of this disc by an article in the English music mag Mojo about standout sixties soft rock obscurities . The Cyrkle , apparently , were a mid sixties outfit that opened for , and were a favorite of , the Beatles circa 1966 . This was touted as the final and `` lost '' Cyrkle album , a soundtrack to a skin flick that sunk quickly into obscurity . I bit , expecting a goldmine of tuneful gems . The tracks do certainly have a unique late sixties pyschedelic feel , yet they are so lite they border on elevator music . The exceptions are `` Squeeze Play '' , a nice little jingle doused with sixities technocolor , and `` The Rigging '' , a great -LRB- ... -RRB- instrumental break.The rest is forgettable and borderline annoying . The pictues from the film , however , found inside the CD booklet , are quite erm . . titilating .
 James Baker said it all . But lem me say a few more things . MURRAY THE Y is a harmony-intensive track that 's semi-enjoyable . The instrumental version of THE MINX is a Herb Alpert soundalike track . My favorite track is IT 'S A LOVELY GAME , LOUISE . Which begins with those sweet 7th guitar chords . But the chords sound slightly out of tune . Which creates a weird poignancy . NICOLE is an expendable exercise in porno-raga , wherein Don Danneman 's voice is nerdy-nasal to a sadistic extent .
 I am really disappointed with most of the cuts in this collection . For example , I had never heard `` Pancho and Lefty '' with violins and chorus . Not the Willie I want to hear .
 I have n't made it through the whole CD , but what I have heard is really weak . I am not a die hard Willie Nelson fan , but I have a couple of his CD 's and have been to two concerts . I could n't imagine these overly sweet versions of his recordings . I had a hard time believing that he could sound so bored . In track after track it was as if he were apologizing for his voice using back up singers that did n't fit him or his music .
 I am a real fan of Willie Nelson . That 's why I bought this album set . I am very dissapointed in the first CD . It seems Willie is trying to change his style . Big mistake . He is so very talented , and when he tries to `` jazz things up '' , it becomes tedious and obnoxious almost immediately . However , the second CD in the set is `` our '' Willie Nelson , singing his way into the center of our hearts , as usual .
 I really dislike Willie Nelson 's nasal droning , but my Sister likes it . Got it for her for a gift .
 Ahh ... `` The Essential Willie Nelson ! '' There is no better example of how American popular culture has reached its nadir in the past thirty-five years than Willie Nelson . Back in the 1940s and 50s Nelson would have been handed a bar of soap , a razor , and some deongestant and laughed off the stage . Today he is a `` great singer . '' `` Crazy '' and `` Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain '' are nice little songs , albeit only if sung by somebody with a listenable voice . Beyond these tunes , there is nothing much in this collection for music fans who can tell the difference between a fog horn and a genuine tenor or baritone . If you 're among the masses of impressionable music fans who adhere to popular culture no matter how mindless , then perhaps this collection is for you . But if you are sufficiently self-assured and discriminating in your musical tastes , stick with Sinatra , Crosby , Fitzgerald , and Lee . They are timeless and genuine . And they looked clean and neat as well ... now is n't that an extraordinary concept in this day and age ?
 They offer up nothing new or special on this release , just an average metalcore album . I bought it after hearing a few songs , and after listening to the album the whole way through , I was quite bored . Wish I had n't bought it . = -LRB-
 I saw these guys live when I saw Devildriver and Machine Head . IDT was terrible ! Every song they played live sounded pretty much the same ; the drums pounded the nearly the same beat for every `` song '' . It was my first time hearing them , and I could not figure out when a song ended or began . The songs were monotonous and repetitive with nearly the same bass line per song . The sound of the guitars was pretty cool I must admit , but the songs had no variety to them and did not progress into anything . The singer , oh good god ! I could not figure out a word he said , he voice was a sreechy yell the whole time they played which was quite annoying . There was a few good riffs here and there , but who cares ? Every song was a few good riffs pounded in your face with screechy yelling and then the song was over . There was a few choruses , nothing special , and like my friend said , `` they seem to be `` wannabe '' metal heads . I noticed that the clothing they wore when live was no better than what the crowd was wearing , in other words , the band did not dress to impress at all . I guess everyone here likes extremely bland and boring metal ! If you want something with excitement try Machine Head 's `` Through The Ashes of Empires '' , a definite worthwhile album .
 Do not support this sell out band . It Dies Today 's first release `` Forever Scorned '' is absolutely amazing , some of the most amazing guitar work , and well written songs out of any band came from that 6 song EP . It Dies Today used to be a very original and very brutal metalcore band with excellent growled vocals , and epic 5 minute songs with some clean singing that sounded amazing and from the heart . Well that is a thing of the past because the second It Dies Today got signed to Trustkill they sold out . This new release sounds nothing like the It Dies Today of old , this album is like a complete and utter Atreyu rip off . I might add that Atreyu is one of the worst bands ever , and this CD is like a song by song rip off of an Atreyu album . It 's too bad , It Dies Today probably wanted to make money before the metalcore trend ended , and they figured no better way to make money than play soulless trendy emo-core . I will always listen to `` Forever Scorned '' because it is an amazing CD that will stand the test of time . It Dies Today is n't fooling anyone , people know they are just making music that is popular to the mainstream now and they will be gone just as quick as they came . What a shame .
 If this is the new face of metalcore I want nothing to do with it . The breakdowns are brutally heavy , but I can do without the cleanly sung choruses . I give it two stars because the breakdowns were so heavy , and the guitar work was very good , otherwise I would have given it one star . This is extreme pop-fashion-girlie pant-wearing metalcore that the young ` uns listen to ... too trendy for me , but a good debut , I guess ...
 Holy Crap , I saw these guys at Ozzfest and they sucked . I havent even heard their album but I 'm definitely sure that it sucks . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I fell in love with the Forever Scorned EP the minute I downloaded a few songs off it . I was taken by the powerful lyrics and the amount of emotion I felt they put into their music . I was extremely excited about The Caitiff Choir and I was very happy with demo versions of Marigold and Freak Gasoline Fight Accident ... Then I heard the E-Card . Then I downloaded a few tracks off it ... Then my friend bought it ... It is TERRIBLE . I can see how some of the songs could be really good , but whoever produced it needs to be fired and beaten . So much chorus effect in the vocals makes them sound like a boyband . The distortion on the guitars is just to middly or somethingy it takes away a lot of power . It sounds like this album was a cheap attempt for trustkill to go mainstream with It Dies Today . I do n't blame the band as I emailed them and it did n't seem like they were that happy with the album either . There are maybe two good cuts on this album -LRB- not including the demo versions THEY RUINED -RRB- one of them is The Caitiff Choir -LRB- defeatism -RRB- and the other i dont know the title of . This album isnt worth buying . Instead I recommend you buy Forever Scorned , download the demo versions , grab a few tracks from the album off kazaa or something and go see them live.down with overproduction . 2 stars . some lame lyrics . overall loss of feeling . boo . ` know that i 've lost all compassion . know that she 's cursed by her brooding and may i mar you father ? as to cut through your mask of benevolence and reveal your vile burden . I WILL WATCH YOU BURN '
 I think that the album is good , but the production work is horrible . The only thing that sounds professionally recorded are the vocals , and even then they are sometimes lacking . Leave it to Trustkill to not take the time to put out a decent product ... Oh well , if you want to buy this , I suggest buying the remastered version . Though I can not vouch for it , I 've never listened to , so if the production value is not there then you have my deepest apologies.The band is worth it , but this release is not .
 The version of the title song she recorded with vince vance is farsuperior to this version.The rest of the cd is just ok
 OK , this is the only DVD of Maynard I found on Amazon and so bought it . I 've seen and heard him and have a few Cd 's . . this one is terrible ! What an old show to release on DVD . The audio is atrocious , there is a constant hum in the background . . could not they notch it out . . no . . like me if you have run out of music concert DVD 's to buy then this one is for you !
 Only 20 of the original `` Motown Story '' tracks are in this . Even though they state there are 58 songs , there are only 50 . The other 30 on these CD 's are not on the original set . I 'm returning this order because of false advertising and inaccurate product detail
 If you are looking for Os Novos Baianos , be careful , because they are not ! Some kind of a comic Brazilian group , not too bad but less than mediocre .
 OK , right up front , I 'm a middle-aged -LRB- white -RRB- dad who only likes some hip-hop . That said , I discovered LB 's `` Same ! @ # $ Different Day '' CD and love it . It is a great mix of new hip-hop and old 70 's soul . BUT , I have to say that this live disk was a disappointment for me . For my taste , rap is best after it undergoes the TLC from the studio magicians mastering the sound boards .
 I have this cd and have seen the show . I have the `` Ragtime '' cd and have seen the show . And I can honestly say that Disney 's second musical attempt is more like watching the circus in your hometown than anything else . How can you even compare that to `` Ragtime '' ? This cd has a few tracks that are worth a second listening -LRB- `` I Just Ca n't Wait to Be King '' , `` He Lives In You '' -RRB- , but the rest are just bad reproductions of the movie or bad additions to the show . It seems as though they ca n't decide between a Disney spectacular and an African show .
 This is not the recording for the Broadway show . It just the interviews with people who worked for it . The CD music is good though .
 Okay , The Lion King winning the Tony Award for Best Musical proves Disney can * buy * anything . I saw the show and aside for the spectacular visuals it was SOOOO STUPID ! The movie was MUCH MUCH better . I ca n't believe the Tony committee would committ such an atrocity and give this show its top honor , when Ragtime is the best musical since Les Miserables and deserved that award!If you want a REAL Broadway musical - get Ragtime . Ragtime won best score/book/and orchestrations ... how that does n't add up to Best musical I 'll never know.Stop now - go up to search , type `` Ragtime '' and buy it.The Lion King is a garbage cartoon !
 OK , I have n't seen TLK on b ` way , but I own the CD , and must say it lacks the excitment -LRB- from what I 've seen -RRB- of the staged version . Yes , a disc is just a one-demensional form of viewing it . But look at Chicago , it is a great CD.The songs from the movie do justice to the stage , but who thought of those new songs ? Except for Endless Night , they 're all TERRIBLE ! I 'm not one for african , but I have a `` good ear '' , and know that the new music does n't belong on the CD ... but it may belong onstage . I just do n't know . The CD without the film songs would be a total waste , and abuse to a fine work of art .
 The Lion King is one of the most undeserving SRO shows seen on Broadway in many years . Its book and its score -- as evidenced by this mostly soulless CD -- are instantly forgettable . The show 's incredible , astounding , and breathtaking -LRB- for want of words more capable of expressing its wonders -RRB- physical production can not be reproduced on the disc . If you must see the show , cover your ears . Only die-hard fans of the score from the movie -- most songs of which are still included in the stage version -- will want this CD .
 I have listened to The Lion King several times throuh , and each time I have picked up something new ; too bad it 's never good . I would prefer the movie soundtrack any day . Get Ragtime ! , This is no good !
 This recording proves a lot of things ... First of all it proves why Ragtime should have won the Tony , because with out the bright costumes and special effects , you have this album - which besides `` Endless Night '' are all recycled songs from a cartoon movie . The Ragtime CD - which I highly recommend , is much more exciting and inspiring even just to listen to . A great musical -LRB- worthy of a Tony winning -RRB- should not rely on special effects , and should be just as affective as if the cast were in street clothes -LRB- which applies to Ragtime -RRB-
 Maybe it 's a case of too many cooks but for whatever reason , the cast album does n't sound very theatrical and you do n't get much of a sense of the show.This would have been understandable if it were Disney 's first cast album but the label had already produced a very listenable and highly theatrical cd of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST . Perhaps more dialogue on this CD would have helped
 I recently saw The Lion King on Broadway , and as I sat in my seat I thought to myself `` Disney is trying to buy it 's way to Broadway , YES `` The Lion King '' has all these `` great '' special effects BUT the music/story are not comparable to such great Broadway hits as RAGTIME -LRB- which should have won the Tony -RRB- and such less known musicals as the `` Scarlet Pimpernel '' Do n't waste your money go to the video store and rent the movie ! It 's the same thing !
 It 's a pitty that the wonderfully staged Lion King has to live with this score . Elton John should go back to do whatever it is that he used to do before . I just hope the forthcoming AIDA is better than the Lion King
 Entertainment Weekly says
 am i the only one who hates this show ????? I honestly cant stand it . yes i saw the show and it didnt change my viewpoint at all . this show is way to dependant on its costumes and sets that it forgets the book and the music . i cant stand the new songs . lets see what we have . circle of life is good i geuss . the chants are really good and the only good part of the cd in my opinion b/c with out them i honestly wouldve forgotten that the show is in africa . the morning report is awful and sounds like it was written by children . chow down is painful to listen to . they live in u is a highlight as is endless night and shadowlands . the other songs from the movies i just dont honestly care for . i still cant believe that THIS peice of junk beat RAGTIME !! If you want a good show with good music and story get anything by jason robert brown .
 i was very disappointed in this book ... it had been rated with four stars , and `` like new '' and it arrived scribbled in with bent and torn pages ... i intended to give it as a gift and was unable to do so ... i feel the book was misrepresented .
 I love the moive the Lion King a lot . I have seen the musical once while I was in Japan -LRB- the muscial was in Japanese -RRB- . The dancing was great and the songs were good along with everything else.After the show was over I bought the ORIGAL JAPANESE CAST VERSION of the Lion King Musical . I love the Japanese version a lot . Once back in the US I checked out the Origal Broadway Cast version . All I have to say is that no one in that cast can sing what so ever . None of the characters sound anything like they do in the moive or what you image them to sound like . The Broadway Scar does n't have that scary voice what so ever . Young Simba and Nara are played by way to old kids . Timon and Pumba are tone death . Rifiki and all the other chanters ca n't chant what so ever.Both my parents like the Japanese version better -LRB- they do n't even know Japanese or have seen the muscail !! -RRB- then the US verison because of how bad the Broadway Cast sounds !!! If you do n't beleave me buy the Japanese Version and find out for yourself.If you want to buy the Lion King Musical CD go for the ORIGAL JAPANESE CAST VERSION . At least the Japanese know how to pick people who can sing and sound like the characters they are suppose to be .
 Very disappointed in this record . The music is dull and predictable ; the musicians do n't fare even that well . No more Lost Immigrants for me .
 They 're a surprisingly non-heavy band for the Ferret label to sign . Predictable , generic , overproduced alt-rock emo . They throw in the obligatory screamy vocals , that totally reek of `` i 'm just doing this because every other band that sounds like is '' . It 's not really that hard to write a riff or melody that sounds slightly original , you 'd think by law of averages they 'd write one eventually , but this album sounds like it was written with the specific intent of being as unoriginal as possible , fitting in not standing out . There are virtually no tempo changes anywhere in these songs , the drummer bashes out the same insipid mid-tempo beat from start to finish , and the guitar parts never deviate from painfully simple 4/4 patterns . I spit on bands like this . I guess I have to acknowledge that this album is `` good '' by the robotic cookie-cutter template standards they 're writing to , there are bands who attempt the same thing and do it badly , but this album has no flavor and brings absolutely nothing new to the table . Everything good about this music has already been done better by a thousand other bands with more creativity and talent .
 alright , when i first heard Roses are Red , it was on a E-card from TrustKill ... . and all because i only heard two songs , i thought Roses are Red had a positive Vibe that was coming from their music . The problem is ... . is that when you do come to buying the album , you 'll soon find out that the rest of the tracks have nothing in the songs to offer to you , and since all the other tracks are not interesting , you soon lose all interest into the songs you did like before.Don ' t get me wrong , but i believe that Trustkill Records used to be a whole lot better a couple years ago , but now it seems they have lost most of their BEST bands and put in some that just dont seem to divide themselves from all of the other bands in the music industry . and although roses are red are not horrible ... . their just not the kind of music to be really deeply into . and because of that i would not recommend this cd ... . or at least borrow , or find another way to hear all of the songs before buying it .
 This stuff be kickin ' ! I mean seriously this stuff rocks . I mean that 's what it is , rock . And it sure rocks a hard one . The mother of all rock . The mother of all c * ck . Oh wait , now I 'm getting it mixed up so which one is it ? Oh yeah now I remember it 's the latter . It 's a gigantic overrated piece of c * ck .
 I bought this CD when I started getting into AC/DC . I liked it at first , but it took me less than a week to realize , that AC/DC are really not something good , special.Every song has the same sound and structure - a guitar riff in the intro , that builds up to the verse , and that a catchy chorus . In the chorus , the whole band members shout the song 's name , with miniature changes . After the second chorus there 's a guitar solo by Agnus Young , and again , not anything special.From some downloaded songs , I can say that Bon Scott 's AC/DC were practically the same.Don 's get me wrong - this CD has his moments . the doomy church bells in the intro of `` Hell 's Bells '' , that builds up to a great rocker ; the cool raping in `` Back in Black '' ; the two last instrumental minutes in `` Shoot to Thrill '' , where Phil Rudd really smacks the drums . But , it 's not THAT good . AC/DC do n't make anything new . Just the same sound , in each and every song.This CD is now lying in the bottom of my CDs pile , gathering dust.And yet , I 'm not disappointed with this purchase . AC/DC WAS one of more ... * important * bands in the 70 's , and in the Metal area . This way I know that I 've heard them , and I can say that I was n't missing anything if I did n't hear them .
 this only got 2 stars because its the best album by acdc ... which isnt saying much . they are soooo overrated its not even funny . angus young is a terrible guitarist . this album is full of crappy commercial songs with simple riffs , horrible vocals , and subpar soloing . do not waste your money and time getting this album , its a disgrace to rock n roll . if you want real rock ... where they actually can play their instruments ... go pick some beatles , hendrix or rolling stones . two stars and lucky to get that .
 This album is n't terrible however , if it had n't became legendary and sold over 10 , 000000000 copies I probably would n't have reviewed this CD , but what drives me to write this review is because of the question mark that hovers above my head about how ? And why ? Everyone considers this CD to a classic and some kind of landmark.I bought this CD about half a year ago now and have given it many a listen , and I can honestly say that every time I have n't really enjoyed it that much . None of the songs have any particular deep meaning to them with the exception of `` Hell 's Bell 's '' , the drumming is pretty much the same on every song , the vocals are very tedious and difficult to listen to after a while and the guitar works good but their is n't much variation and generally sounds similar to a majority of the bands other material.Maybe I just do n't understand `` ACDC '' that well or `` Back In Black '' was important back in 1980 when it was released and not now in 2006 , but in my eyes it certainly is n't anything special .
 It is a great cd . It has a great bet to it . The drummer was great . The gutars were bommen .
 I do n't like this album , I do n't even like any of the songs onit , all the songs are just mean , dirty , and just worse than Appetite for Destruction . In fact , this album has lots of sex , drugs . I only added their best album from one year earlier , `` Highway to Hell '' , I 've owned this album so longand the fact about when I last listened to it , I do n't like thesongs , I 've liked all 3 songs on Back in Black , but they 're allso mean , Hells Bells is such a dirty sexy drug song and a nevertune to listen to , and same thing for Back in Black , I 'd neverwould recommend this item , and I wish nobody bought it , or I wishthat this album never came out , or I wish that Bon Scott from thelast album sings on this , and then I would recommend it . But fornow I do n't . My suggestion , Do n't buy it .
 This album is a SPIT . SPIT THESE GOD DAMMITS OUT OF HERE.Trash music too , Heavy metal is trash !!!!! Also , album hasdrugs , violence , liquor , cigarette smoke and more , Brian Johnsonis heck of a spit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Worst album of the 80 's .
 I really do n't get it , Why do people give Foreigner , Metallica , Dire Straits , Van Halen and many others 1 star and give the awful bands like ACDC , The Rolling Stones , U2 , The Doors , and Queen 5 stars ? That really is n't true . To this album now , it is horrible . The lead singer screams a lot and the words are disturbing '' YOW !! '' BAH IA M BA A A A HA A AK BA CK IN BLA CK . '' '' '' Why do people like this CD so much ??? This is the most overrated CD of all time and I think this CD should go die !! If you are considering purchasing this awful s # $ t , you should read the 1 star reviewers . SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR A MUCH BETTER CD , GET METALLICA , ZZ TOP , GEORGE THOROGOOD , VAN HALEN , DIRE STRAITS , FOREIGNER , AND JOE SATRIANI AS THEN YOU WILL BE HAPPY . Thanks for listening , For Whom the Bell Tolls
 I never liked ACDC . Their music is just the same and sucks . BRIAN JOHNSON is as bad as BON SCOTT who just screams uses makeup and sells drugs . BACK in BLACK is a very lousy album which has the lousiest songs like the TITLE TRACK . DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF TRASH ! GET FOREIGNER 'S FOURTH ALBUM INSTED .
 Too bad there is n't a star lower than one because AC/DC sucksso hard . Anyone who listens to AC/DC are a disgrace , this musicis absolutely terrible . I mean the singer just screams , this is n't music , this is just noise . Green Day 's new album is bettergo search for that insted and do n't buy this crap.Whoa , I ca n't believe anyone likes heavy metal so much .
 I detest this album ! It really is an overrated album and Brian Johnson is the worst singer of all time who only screams , why ca n't he sing ? is he on drugs ???? I wish he would die right now . Who buys this crap ??? Avoid !! Get the Black Album from Metallica insted .
 Only trailer park trash will give this disaster anything high than one star . This album is too loud and sexist . I like my music a bit on the polished side . That 's why I recommend ... Scissor Sisters !
 Although this is the first full-length with Brian Johnson on vocals , the band had already seemingly reached their musical peak during the Bon Scott era . The 8 releases that followed this album are almost identical in substance , and weigh heavily on the release of the title track from each respective album to keep fans interested . The previous 6 studio releases with Bon contained at least some variation as the tracks progressed through the album . It seemed like producer extraordinaire , Mutt Lange , mastered the tracks for this album to sound polished and radio-ready during the recording process . You can hear similar over-production on titles such as `` Hysteria '' and `` Come on Over . '' Stick with the earlier AC/DC releases for true gritty rock n ' roll .
 I grew up occasionally listening to AC/DC , always in the background from friends playing it at school or in a car . It never stood out to me . Now at 41 I rediscovered this old band and like it a lot . I especially like listening to it while weight lifting . `` Back in Black '' and `` Dirty Deeds '' are both raw and raunchy -LRB- like the classic Mississippi Delta Blues these guys probably grew up listening to -RRB- , but after listening to both several times I find that song for song , `` Dirty Deeds '' is better than `` Back in Black '' . Both have AC/DC 's signature sound and are milestones of the hard rock genre , but I just do n't get tired of listening to `` Dirty Deeds '' which I ca n't say about `` Back in Black '' . In rediscovering this band , I was a little surprised to later find out that next to Michael Jackson 's `` Thriller '' , `` Back in Black '' is the # 2 selling album of all time . Okay , but I personally do n't hear it in the album . But this is just the perspective of a straight white male with no tattoos whose favorite album of all time is Dire Strait 's `` Brothers in Arms '' ...
 No lyrics , no new histories , no bonus tracks . Just amazing photos.I think this is not much for someone who already has this CD .
 Hello , sorry mi english ... My order dos n't come ! Today is october 25 , and i do n't know how where are my cd 's !! please , tell me something about , i can not rastreate it ! 2 AC/DC cd 's 1 Weezer 's cdThank you very much !!
 AC/DC are one of the greatest Bands that have ever been . No Question . I consider two of their Albums as absolute classics but Black In Black is not one of them . This re-birth of AC/DC was not the same . The Genius of their music had died in the back seat of a car.What is missing from Brian Johnson 's song writing and vocal prowess is the intelligence , wit , insightfulness , humour and clarity that Bon Scott so effortlessly brought to his songs.When Bon sang I could understand every word , every nuance and he had a story to tell . With Johnson on the other hand , I find that I ca n't understand a single word . All I hear is Honky Tonk this or Honky Tonk that.That said Black In Black is the best of the Johnson Albums . It has two classic rock tracks ; the title number and ` You Shook Me ... ' yet still these pale in comparison to anything penned on ` Highway ... ' or ` Dirty Deeds ... ' I have tried so hard to love AC/DC with Johnson at the microphone but as time has gone on , I always return to the original version of the band and their far superior recordings . When Bon sings I instantly understand why AC/DC rocks me so deeply and I still miss his musical Genius .
 No question that the music it self is first rate , BACK IN BLACK is the greatest rock record of all time . My question is why ? Was it really necesary to rerelese this ? I have the 1994 remaster pressing of this album and other AC/DC works of that line of issue . I ' v compared the sound to both the 94 and the 2003 versions of BACK IN BLACK and i can say with confidence that THERE IS ABSOULUTLEY NO DIFFERANCE IN SOUND AT ALL ! WTF !? why is Epic doing this ? Do n't belive that lying yellow sticker that proclaimes these as `` remastered '' , it is a cash grab prompted from Epic based on the fact of AC/DC 's new found popularity among the younger generation getting into them who will infact spend the cash on these , i think . Infact these new 2003 versions are inferior to the 94 or earlier versions , Just try pulling out the CD from these newfangled Digipacks ! god i hate those , it took me 5 minutes to pull the effing thing out without breaking the disc , and on top of that they are made out of cheap card board that will get marks and tear , not durable plastic , cheap packaging to say the least . The liner notes are something a fifth grader could of wrote , nothing new at all , just some old pictures coupled with some pointless essay on the album that goes no where . Whats worse is that now that these versions are out , the much superior 94 and earlier versions of this album and others have been discontiued and are practically non existant . I say that if you can get the earlier versions somehow by a used CD store , do it , these horrid remasters lack quality . It is truely like they wanted to cut costs or something because these paper Digipack things look like they came out of 1st grade arts and crafts class , the plastic ripped right off of the glue witch holds it to the paper when i tryed to pull out the BACK IN BLACK CD .
 The product was very badly packed.The record does n't fit in the box.The cover is creased.The record is warped .
 First off , I 've never been a huge ACDC fan , I like few their 70 's albums -LRB- none of them is anywhere near the best ever -RRB- but for me , anything the band did in the 80 's and in the 90 's is just crap . This is coming from a fan of any kind of rock music excluding nu-metal , emo/punk-pop and metalcore.ACDC is probably the most overrated classic rock band ever , like another person said they do n't have 25 % of the talent people believe they have , the guitars and the bass are decent on this album , the drums are nothing more than straight 4/4 drum beats , and Brian Johnson is one of the worst vocalists I 've ever heard . Bon Scott -LRB- RIP -RRB- utterly kills him on that department . Brian is nothing more but some hack throat-shouter . This album rails from poor to mediocre , my actual rating is 2.25 stars , it really lacks melody and the production is poor . It got out in 1980 , the same year as Iron Maiden 's self-titled debut album , Black Sabbath 's ` Heaven & Hell ' and Judas Priest 's ` British Steel ' got out . How can you call this the best album ever ?? The 3 albums I mentioned above clearly annihilate Back In Black . This album has 3 songs that really worth listening
 I 'm very dissappointed with this dualdisc , unfortunately this dualdisc is only a CD side and a DVD-Video side , I thought it would be a DVD-AUDIO side with high resolution audio and it 's not , it has standard , compressed , lossy dolby digital audio in 5.1 channels , what 's the point ? , music is good , im just reviewing this dualdisc edition which does n't really add any good to the standard CD version which i already have ! so it makes this a waste of money .
 No , of course not the album , which is obviously a classic . The dual-disc is a complete ripoff in relation to its advertising . As an audiophile -LRB- wannabe -RRB- , I bought this version for the `` entire album in enhanced LPCM Stereo '' on the DVD side . Typically that would be at a much higher sampling rate , better bit depth , or something enhanced . In this case its 48khz , 16 bit PCM , which is basically the same quality as the CD side -LRB- more or less , perhaps a slight uptick -RRB- . They did n't even use that much of the available storage on the DVD side and they gave us this ! It 's just wrong , wrong , wrong . Poor product design and deceptive advertising . No wonder this version is not a classic with the audiophiles . Who makes these decisions ?
 This was a gift for my husband . He is a huge AC/DC fan and only had the album in vinyl for Back in Black . He was so excited to get it in the CD format . He has been listening to this CD and another I purchased him while he is working on building a brick wall in the front of our home . He says it brings him back to simpler times in his life . He has shared with our children , as well , his love for this group . Because of this album our children are becoming big AC/DC fans .
 Back in black is the best rocknroll album piriod.This `` digi pack '' is a ripoff though.The cd side of the disc is poor quality , it sounds like they remastered it with too much compression trying to make it sound more analog.The dvd side has a cool documentary and a high quality version of the audio cd but you can only play the hq version on your dvd player ... ? I also bought the remastered `` for those about to rock '' cd and its crisper but somone got a little overboard with the low end and you have to cut it with your eq.Save yourself some money and buy the older pre-remaster 16bit cds.I have the older cd and they sound better than the cd side of the digipack .
 I grew up occasionally listening to AC/DC , always in the background from friends playing it at school or in a car . It never stood out to me . Now at 41 I rediscovered this old band and like it a lot . I especially like listening to it while weight lifting . `` Back in Black '' and `` Dirty Deeds '' are both raw and raunchy -LRB- like the classic Mississippi Delta Blues these guys probably grew up listening to -RRB- , but after listening to both several times I find that song for song , `` Dirty Deeds '' is better than `` Back in Black '' . Both have AC/DC 's signature sound and are milestones of the hard rock genre , but I just do n't get tired of listening to `` Dirty Deeds '' which I ca n't say about `` Back in Black '' . In rediscovering this band , I was a little surprised to later find out that next to Michael Jackson 's `` Thriller '' , `` Back in Black '' is the # 2 selling album of all time . Okay , but I personally do n't hear it in the album . But this is just the perspective of a straight white male with no tattoos whose favorite album of all time is Dire Strait 's `` Brothers in Arms '' ...
 Most of the songs sond alike , and drag on and onand get extremly anoying.There are three good songs , which are Hells bells , shoot 2 thrill and shook me all night long.Get Bon Scott insteds of this album .
 AC/DC probably had a hundred other applicants to replace Bon Scott . Why would they pick the least talented one of the bunch ? Ol' Brian Johnson NEVER sings even a single word in a normal voice , all he does is scream into the microphone in an aggressive manner . He sounds like a cat with its b@lls caught in a vice . Absolutely talentless .
 I honestly feel that this album is terrible . Despite the fact that nearly every cut on the record inevitable became a hit single , the music is watery and repetitive . Bon Scott was the one and ONLY singer of AC/DC .
 I 'm sorry , but I fail to see the praise and accolades that this album -LRB- and band , for that matter -RRB- constantly receive . There is no musical ingenuity , nor is there lyrical ingenuity . The entire album is centered around three chords , a guitar solo , some lyrics about sex and rock 'n' roll , and ... that 's it . While technically Angus Young is an excellent guitarist , he has no creativity when writing riffs or solos . And Brian Johnson just ca n't stop singing about sex in the most mundane fashion possible . For ten songs , he ca n't come up with one couplet that is anything but unimaginative.Now , I did give the album two stars , because I obviously realize it 's an Important Album In Rock And Roll History and all that . And Angus Young does turn out some pretty catchy licks with `` Back In Black '' , `` Hells Bells '' , and `` You Shook Me All Night Long '' . But overall , the album is just plain tedious . It is AC/DC 's best album though , which is n't saying much . I mean , the guys released a song entitled
 While the audio quality is okay for a CD , I bought it for the DVD-Audio quality . Everybody 's correct in saying that it 's two-channel PCM , and that 's why I 'm disappointed . Sure , it smokes next to other CDs , but it 's just flat when you compare it to other DVD-Audio disks.If you want good surround mixes or lots of dynamics , take a listen to any of the Talking Heads discs included in their Brick collection or to Donald Fagen 's Morph the Cat . Even the Who 's Tommy , which was originally recorded in the late 60s , on DVD-Audio , has much more dynamic range and detail than this disk does.Sure , the music 's good , but I was really hoping that the opening of Hell 's Bells would rattle my teeth . Instead , it just rattles the cheap plastic clock I have hanging on the wall behind my system .
 I , like many other reviewers , bought the dualdisc version for the enhanced audio , expecting 24bit/96khz or 24bit/192khz DVD-A format . This disc does not contain that . It does not contain any dvd audio at all , only the DVD-Video content , for which the audio track is 16bit/48khz . A true DVD-A disk has content in the AUDIO_TS folder on the dvd when you explore the folder structure on your pc . This disc has an empty audio_ts folder , just like any other DVD-Video disk would have.Sony is misleading in the advertising of their dualdisc . It NOT a dualdisc , it is simply a cd/dvd double sided disc.Apparently sony does this for all their `` dualdiscs '' -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Fantastic AC/DC album . But this format , the DualDisc junk . . is just that ... junk . It wo n't work on many computers and even some CD players . It 's totally unreliable . Beware . I 'm going to email DualDisc -LRB- their address is on the web -RRB- and give em ' a piece of my mind . A total waste of money !
 Blatantly Sony did not want to cut into their SACD business . That is the result when consumer electronics manufacturers double as media publishers ...
 I know another reviewer warned European buyers that it would n't play on their DVD-Video or DVD-Audio players , but it 's not just Europe - it 's the U.S. too!I have a DVD-Audio player in my car -LRB- Acura TL -RRB- and it would NOT play the DVD side of this disk.I found out too late that the DVD side of dual disks can come in different formats . Apparently the Nine Inch Nails dual disk is DVD-A compatible , but I 'm not sure which others are.Amazon needs to provide more details on which format the DVD side of these dual disks contain !
 This is typical from Epic , the same record company that permitted Ozzy to re-record BLIZZARD OF OZZ and DIARY OF A MADMAN replacing the bass player and the drummer , and not even informing it the CD box ... Now , we have the AC/DC catalog released again . They promised the public marvellous things . But you 'll find none here.The graphic content is really impressive , top quality . There 's also some worth texts . But , lyrics ? Forget about them . There are none in the entire series , even in records that , in their first CD print , contained them -LRB- Example
 Claimed to be the remastered edition . Was a shrinkwrapped used atco cd . Do n't buy . paid way too much for a used cd worth 1.99
 TO ALL THOSE PEOPLE WHO THINK ACDC ARE THE COOL GUYS , WHO THINK THEY ARE THOSE CRAZY GUYS , YOU ARE WRONG , ACDC ARE LAME , VERY LAME , THEY KNOW LIKE THREE CHORDS AND HAVE THE COMBINED MENTAL AGE OF A FIVE YEAR OLD . THIS ALBUM IS A EXAMPLE OF HOW TO EFFECTIVELY LOWER THE COMMON IQ , THIS IS TRASH .
 Baby Squirrel nuts ... that is ... this cd is horrible . i hate music that sounds the same on every song . i 'm 12 and i laughed when i saw the tabs for these songs . It is to easy to play on the guitar . i can teach my unexperienced friends to play this schit in one day !
 Shot that dog / no comments
 Read my words
 ... unless it is rock and roll played by ac/dc . i f *** ing HATE them . they are overplayed so much on the radio , and that is the most annoying voice i have ever heard in my life . do n't waste your money on this cd , just turn on the radio ... then turn it off .
 Woaaa ! I was blasted out of my seat after i heard this ablum ! AC/DC Is Soooooo heavy ! Trash , punk , dirty dirty , scarry metal ! When i first heard the ablum i was eating a side salad !! And i almost choked ! This calibur of music could easily be compared to the twisted guitar riffs of newfound glory or simple plan !
 Maybe they would be tolerable if they learned more than 3 chords
 Why do people like Brian Johnson so much ? His voice is awful , mustardy , lousy , absurd , stupid , pathetic , lame , horrible and he only screams , dosent sing at all and this is one of the worst hard rock albums ever . they mainly should have quit right after Scott died because he was a bad replacement for Bon Scott too . Dont buy this CD as you 'll panic about it later .
 The reason I gave this one star is because I HATE that song where the singer sings , `` Dirty deeds , thundercheek ! Dirty deeds and the thundercheek ! `` WHAT IS THE THUNDERCHEEK !?!?!? That 's SO annoying .
 This was the AC/DC comeback album after Boon Scott died and they picked up Brian Johnson . This is a decent album do n't get me wrong , but im sick to death of it and it 's been over played so much . Every album after this one sounds the same just as every Bon ablum sounded the same until back In Black ... This band sucks .
 What is the big deal with this album ? Each of these songs are worse than a bag of kittens being hit against a brick wall with three guitar chords being played over again . God , this is the equivilant of a tightly coiled pile on the lawn left by my dog . When will this band they only have one decint album , High Voltage ? To all the people in the world , STOP BUYING THIS ALBUM ! IT SUCKS ! IF I COULD GIVE IT A LOWER REVIEW , I WOULD ! Please consider this review when you want to buy it .
 If you are looking for an album with songs that sound different from one another , this is not for you . Every song starts with a similar guitar riff using the same 3 chords as the other songs . Then the vocals come in , and this is even worse . Brian Johnson has possibly the worst singing voice in history . In the middle of every song is a guitar solo , and Angus Young is n't really that good at soloing so this is nothing special.The song that proves this theory the best is probably the title track . It starts with a 3-chord riff that any guitarist in history could play . The vocals come in sounding the same as always , and when the song gets to the chorus , Brian Johnson just sings the words `` Back in Black '' over and over again . In the middle is a guitar solo that really is n't that good . The best part of this song is when it is over and you do n't have to listen any more.When one song ends and a new one begins , you can hardly tell because they all have the same guitar with the same distortion , and the same irritating vocals `` singing '' the name of the song over and over again . So once again if you are looking for a good album where each song sounds different from the last , this is not the album for you .
 I would love to review this but as of this date i still have not received it !
 i hate this cd and i wanted to take it back to the wherehousestore in napa , ca . once i took it back to the wherehouse storei will never buy this album again ! i 'm glad i took it back andi am glad these ac/dc guys ai n't around anymore because theseguys did the meanest screamiest sexiest dirtiest and druggiestsongs i have ever heard in my life . especially the song back inblack . all i wish to do is kill brian johnson for being such amean singer . but i 'm glad he 's dead now so i do n't have to killhim . angus sucks , malcom sucks , cliff sucks , and phil rudd sucksthe whole band sucks ! there are many other great bands out therethat play music great . i took it back to the wherehouse storelast night and i bought two other better products than this , Foghat Live - Foghat , and Head Games - Foreigner . i hope theseguys wo n't make another album again because these guys nevermade a good song . never did . i think these guys should liveup in barrow alaska because they can stop playing music upthere plus it 's as cold as minus 25 outside . anyway , here ` sthe best bands better than ac/dc that you have to buy albumsfrom.DIRE STRAITSFOREIGNERTHE ROLLING STONESGUNS N ' ROSESAEROSMITHTHE WHOMETALLICA - especially Enter SandmanNIRVANABOSTONespecially buy dire straits insted.anyone who thinks this is the best album ever is a moron . -LSB- ... -RSB- William Vogt II
 One star is being generous . This band 's gimmick is loudness . Not musical skill -LRB- as in Jimi Hendrix , Frank Zappa , ELO , Eric Clapton , or King Crimson -RRB- , not well-written lyrics -LRB- as in John Lennon , the Beatles , Bob Dylan , Frank Zappa , David Bowie , Don Henley , or Lou Reed -RRB- , not a great voice -LRB- like Joan Baez , Cass Elliott , or Janis Joplin -RRB- , not blue-collar appeal -LRB- as in some of the better country acts -RRB- , but nose-picking , butt-scratching , play-to-the-lowest-denominator grossness . I bought this album a long time ago and after listening to it once , I put it away and did n't listen to it again for a number of years . The next time I listened to it , I wondered why I bought it . The lead singer 's voice is distinctive , this is true . But not in a way that makes me want to listen to it . Their song lyrics are mediocre at best , and always seem to revolve around sex , or the pursuit of same . Even songs about sex get old after a while.This band just does n't make it . I know that might make its fans feel slighted that I did n't credit ACDC with inventing rock & roll , but I ca n't even credit them with PLAYING rock & roll . If you want metal , there are other options
 How can you people say that ac/dc is good?How can you say they are legends?No , they are n't , they suck.Every single ac/dc song has the same sound to it.The difference between all their songs?The lyrics.Thats it , just the lyrics.Hells Bells sounds strangely familiar to Back in Black and wait!Haven ; t I already heard you shook me all night long ??? I thought that was the first track on this cd !!! If no one sang on this cd I would n't be able to tell the difference between all the songs.ac / dc + overrated = sucky cd
 THIS ALBUM is one of the worst i have ever heard . A guy screaming and a guitar playing 3 chords and a crappy solo . He is running around in a little boys cloths what tht supposed to prove tht he is a pedifile . This is one of the worst excuses for an album . NO doubt 1 star .
 the guitar and bass riffs suck balls the singer sound like he is getting raped my favorite song on the album is back in the ass
 No good songs on this CD , this CD is amongst trash music !! And the singer , he is a spit , he ca n't sing properly all hedoes is acts so angry in a lot of songs . Same thing as it waswith Bon Scott . Maybe this is the worst CD of all time ! Pleasedo n't read the last review . I just took this back about a weekago . and I wo n't buy this again ! Sometimes I wish to take allthe highway to hell cd back because it was a angry mean CD too.Don ' t buy this .
 European buyers be forewarned
 I am not reviewing the musical content ... we all know this is one of the great Rock albums of all time . I am reviewing the NEW release and specifically the VIDEO DOCUMENTARY which they advertise at approx 30 minutes WRONG ... its about 21 minutes and on the back of the disc they push IN-Studio performances by Malcolm and Angus Young of `` Hells Bells , You Shook me All night Long '' '' Rock and Roll Ai n't Noise Pollution '' `` Shoot to Thrill '' and more ! sounds great right ? WRONG ... it is snipits of them playing a lick here or there . . VERY misleading ... its a nice 20 minute documentary but hardly what EPIC claims it to be ... i would still buy this again ... as it is stunning sound and the small documentary is fun but do n't expect much . .
 i love the album , but i must strongly disagree with some other reviewers saying that the dvd side sounds better than the cd side , i have good gear -LRB- not a home theater in a box -RRB- i couldnt tell the difference even in a blind test , and no one i got to listen to it could tell either . the only difference between sides is 16 bit 44.1 khz for cd , and 16 bit 48 khz for dvd.amazon should really address this issue and get a backbone and post the truth about all sony/bmg dual disc titles . but like everyone else , amazon is probably petrified of sony.JUST A FOLLOWUP TO MR. STEVEN M GADDIS , THE DVD SIDE OF BACK IN BLACK IS NOT EVEN IN THE SAME BALLPARK AS DVD AUDIO , ITS NOTHING MORE THAN DOLBY DIGITAL STEREO , THATS IT !! ... PERIOD , AND I AM SORRY BUT I HAVE LISTENED TO BOTH SIDES ON MERIDIAN GEAR PARTNERED WITH B&W ; NAUTILUS SPEAKERS , AND THERE WAS NO DIFFERENCE AT ALL , AND THAT MY FRIEND IS THE HARD FACTS , SONY IS PULLING AN OLD FASHIONED BAIT AND SWITCH !!!!
 I must keep this short and sweet I didn ; t like this album at all and found that this project was not as strong as Live in London . I think that stronger content would have been better . And I must say that are we not all tired of hearing `` The Prayer '' I mean the song is sort of played out anyway from Celine Dion .
 I so look forward to receiving this CD , what a disapointment . I listen three times before I gave up on it . What happen to the Aging Sex Bomb of the past ?? Sometimes you wonder what was she singing about . I did n't expect rock and roll . Music like Hey Bobbie , was really missing . Musical taste was missing , and where was the humor . Thanks but no thanks
 I was really really looking forward to listining to Joeys CD after I read what everyone was saying about how awesome a singer he was . I think maybe he had his friends write some reviews for him because he isnt as good as everyone says I dont think.He sings like a little kid who can sing pretty good . But he does Opera type trilling in every single line and it is annoying to me . Besides that the echo is triple a normal recording and the songs are pretty silly.I think he must have recorded himself in the garage and then put it out here . Oh well , lived and learned . When his voice gets stronger he will probably be better and he may have some real songs to sing as well . Maybe I will check him out in a few years .
 It 's okay for a 10 year old but not a stand out . I do n't stop and say , how did he do that ? His tone does sit with me well . Sounds very tinny . I think he is a bunch of hype .
 I so look forward to receiving this CD , what a disapointment . I listen three times before I gave up on it . What happen to the Aging Sex Bomb of the past ?? Sometimes you wonder what was she singing about . I did n't expect rock and roll . Music like Hey Bobbie , was really missing . Musical taste was missing , and where was the humor . Thanks but no thanks
 Out of Chicago , and only 150 Albums , and why ? DUDE , this group is not even near the Beatles Style or any other group that can come to mind ! The Group Sucks Big Time ! I mean it ! Hell , I could even go further on that ! The Groups Donnie and the Good Times , The Spectrum -LRB- UK -RRB- and The Sidewalk Skipper Band is even better then that Group ! And that 's saying a lot right there ! -LRB- Really do n't want to through in `` The Rainbow Press '' , I think that 's stretching it a bet -RRB- ! WOW , if You really want a CD or Album of historical value , I suggest Sainte Anthony 's Fyre on Zonk Records ! There You go Dude !!!
 THIS CD WAS HORRIBLE ! THE SAME SONGS/MUSIC WAS USED OVER AND OVER AGAIN IN THE 52 VERSIONS.I CANT USE ANY OF IT .
 This cd is terrible if your looking to do a routine . It 's imature and childish .
 The music is kind of interesting . I think the artist is trying to be deep but the lyrics miss the mark . They just never take hold . This may have been a better instrumental album . I 'm not sure that I would give this CD a second listen .
 I had gotten Annie Lennox 's Christmas Cornucopia and almost died of ecstatic enraptured wonder , and rather than assigning all the credit to the artistry and vision of Annie Lennox , I supposed that maybe I was just a sucker for Christmas Music . So I got all the Christmas Music I could find , and much of it was not bad . For Rank Badness only one CD shone out . Aimee Mann 's `` Just Another Drifter in the Snow '' , so cynical and bitter that one fears that Ms. Mann has come to thoroughly believe all her own Market-niche balderdash - that disgusted , disgruntled , sarcastic and sardonic People would simply love to have their own taste in Christmas Music , making it an odd curio for what must be a new low for our collapsing Civilization . She has obviously given up on any ` Rescue ' . Oh , do n't get me wrong ! I love Aimee Mann ... or I guess I used to . It is true her other CDs are beginning to pile up dust - since the horrible taste of her Christmas Album has n't really gotten out of my mouth yet , I really have n't had the hankering to play any of her other ` stuff ' .
 I 'm disappointed with this album which lacks of originality.I must confess that I hate Christmas , so it 's a bit hard for me to appreciate the songs , although this is Aimee 's voice.Trying to be objective , the songs lack of emotion , Aimee is not convincing at all -LRB- execpt perhaps for `` Mr. Grinch '' -RRB- and the overall is boring.That 's a shame because ALL the previous albums were great . This one must be forgotten .
 I was excited to buy this release as I 'm a big Aimee fan . My initial reponse upon first listen was that it was boring and uninspired . Aimee sounds as if she swallowed a few valiums prior to recording . The arrangements are equally lacking . Not much here to get excited about . Very disappointing .
 Sorry to be negative , I really like Aimee Mann 's music . `` Calling on Mary '' show 's her creativity , talent , and brillance . Unfortunately , the other nine songs are safe interpretations of Christmas classics . I was hoping for something more daring and fresh .
 This is not necessarily an indictment of Aimee Mann or holiday music ... though I do find such disks as being cheesey . I was a bit surprised when I heard Mann was coming out w/a holiday album . It seemed a bit above someone who has based a career on not only original material , but non-mainstream music.It has also always surprised me that at the plethora of holiday disks that are out there and how many more come out each year . Is it just me - or are there only 18 holiday songs in existance to begin with ? There is only so many different ways to cover `` I 'll Be Home for Christmas '' , `` Winter Wonderland '' - all of which I believe are covered by James Taylor , Sarah McLachlan and Better Midler , all of which were released this month . I 'm guessing they are cheap to produce and easy to pull in profits.That being said - I still like Mann 's voice and she comes through with 3-4 songs that are above the fray . `` Whatever Happened to Christmas '' , `` Christmastime '' and her original `` Calling on Mary '' . I also liked the fact that she covered `` You 're a Mean One , Mr. Grinch '' . That seems to suit her more.Not my cup of tea - but the songs I mentioned are the reason the disk gets 2 stars .
 First , I would like to say that I can sit down and listen to all of Lo'Jo 's previous CDs one after the other and enjoy them all while being impressed by their European-North-African style charm and variety . Not too many artists I can say this about . The live album is an excellent compilation . This one continues their musical explorations with some modernisations . I have had it for a while and have tried hard to like it . Unfortunately , it just does not grab me in the way the previous recordings do . Maybe it is the sound with modern percssion etc , perhaps the melodies / songs are n't as strong as before . Either way I do n't get drawn into the exotic Lo'Jo world in the way I have previously . So I am disappointed but please check out the other CDs . They are great !
 I bought this CD thinking it had great songs performed by great artists . Instead it contains covers of those great songs by people who kind of sound like the original artists . It stinks !
 Very , seldom you hear Tex Beneke with strings , it sounds great , a favorite sone -LRB- Oh Lady Be Good -RRB- there was a terrfic trumpet solo in this song . Over all I love every song played there especially -LRB- To Each His Own -RRB- now that is really a beautiful song . A worthwhile big band jazz CD to keep .
 I am a fan of Placido Domingo ... the Opera & Zarzuela Singer ... not the Ranchera singer , not the Broadway song singer , not the ballad singer . Placido is great at what he does , but his style on most popular is monotonous and he really does n't bring anything to the table . I whole heartedly recommend Jorge Negrete for hard-core rancheras . Even Vicente Fernandez ' performance on `` Joyas Rancheras '' is a much better recording of this genre .
 By far nothing comparable to Javier Solis . Not taking anything away from the tenor of OPERA not Ranchera ... Lets leave the rancheras for those who are gifted in its style . You want real rancheras listen to MR. Javier Solis .
 All of them were part of the great Magma but here , this is as far as possible from the genius of Vander-Top ... Return to '' &Uuml;d&uuml; W&uuml;d&uuml; '' at once !
 I was disappointed by this CD . I do n't think his voice was very good when he was in his early twenties . And that Caledonia was a disgrace . Do n't get me wrong I 'm his biggest fan . The fiddle tune Craigie Dhu was awesome , just not the singin ' .
 I have been buying from Amazon for years , and this is the first review I 'm posting , because I want to warn others that this DVD is absolutely terrible ! It 's cheezy beyond belief , and the woman who narrates is SO slow , and sounds like she could be reading from one of those booklets that comes inside a tarot pack . The `` sample spreads '' are ridiculous ... they give nothing interesting , just the absloute most obvious and simplistic information . Please , spare yourself . I thought a DVD might be more `` entertaining '' than a book , but boy , was I wrong .
 IF I could have given this video a -5 I would . This video is absolutely boring . I do have to agree with the other persons review about the speed at which this woman is talking . It 's as though she trying to talk as slow as possible in order to take up as much room on the tape as she can.The other problem I have with this video is the fact that it 's set up almost like a book . If I wanted to read a book I would have gotten a book . I do n't like how they show each card on the screen and then put the definition beside it . I felt it was just too much like a book and they completely ran out of ideas . Please save your money . This video was n't worth the high cost . I think I `` ll try to sell mine as soon as I can . I 'm so disgusted and disappointed with it .
 Not a bad product . The narrator goes over the 22 major cards in some detail . The minor cards get a quick incomplete description . For this price I expected more . Each card should have been explained in detail . The descriptions are nothing you can not get for free on line ; but , for audio learners it is good . It is just incomplete and disappointing . The cards that were discussed had good accurate descriptions .
 There is some good Jaco on this work , but the drummer is so repetitive and precise you might as well have programmed one beat into a drum machine . I guess this monotonous precision might impress some , but I found it devoid of any feeling . It finally annoyed me enough that it ruined the music for me . I sold the CD back . As always , your mileage may vary .
 I found this tape in a bin of cassette tapes at the now defunct Twitty City in Henderson , TN . This is not one of the best produced Ricky Nelson tapes that I own . As a matter of fact it is the worst in my collection of Ricky Nelson albums . There 's a lot of hiss on it and the hits I enjoyed by the late artist were n't on it . But the best thing I can say is that it did n't cost much . It might have been a good album if it had not been for the poor production . I was very disappointed in the selection and quality of this tape . You would be better off skipping this tape and finding a better produced Ricky Nelson tape.The best of my Rick Nelson albums -LRB- CD -RRB- is his love songs compilation produced partly by his youngest son Sam Nelson .
 This was my first experience with a Bill Frisell CD . As a banjo player and a fan of jazz this intrigued me . Danny Barnes being an innovative banjo player with a jazz guitarist could have been much better . The first cut `` Sitting On Top Of The World '' was a cool start but then it went down hill after that . If I was still in the 60 's and taking drugs it may have really been a great cd . But it just never had an upbeat to it . Just rambling along as if there was no end . Cluck Ole hen kinda livened things up for a short time and two versions no less . John Hardy was so slow you could hardly recognize it . I like jazz a little more upbeat , well alot more upbeat to be honest so this was n't the cd for me .
 I bought several of the tracks individually . They were so good that I bought the entire album . Turns out that those tracks were the only good stuff on the album . The rest were a little condescending to country music in general and poorly performed . Buy Norah Jones doing `` Love Me '' off the sound track to `` Knocked Up '' . Skip this album at all costs .
 When I first threw `` Illinoise '' into my CD player it took me a couple of songs to form a reaction
 Before you decide that this album is something that you must get , be for warned - it 's not for everyone , nor do I consider it the masterpiece that many of the reviews on Amazon have called it . First , let me say that the concept -LRB- and titles -RRB- are creative , although I would wager that the 50 state album idea does not make it past 5 or 6 states at the most . In any case the main problem I have with Sufjan is in the lite , horrid and extremely fey vocal style he uses . Had this been an instrumental album I would really have thought of this as a much different animal , but as it stands every time I hear that `` heartfelt '' quasi folk singer lilt , it makes me ill . Fans of Rufus Wainwright , Belle and Sabastian need apply - this is right up your overly sensitive weeping alleyway . Some blame can be placed on the later work of the Flaming Lips , who found that a lighter vocal style helped to rope in a wider audience of teenage girls and sensitive indi-rock hipsters . Meanwhile , the Lip 's harder psych rock was thrown out of the car 's windows on the way to greater critical acclaim . As you can guess , I 'll take the early psychedelic insanity . So it is with this ambitious album.You ask , `` what 's wrong with being sensitive ? '' well , nothing , but I prefer the sensitivity of Syd Barrett or Frank Zappa to that of say , Michael Jackson.I could imagine it in the hands of far greater music makers such as Acid Mothers Temple or perhaps even Tom Waits but this just does n't get me hooked - regardless of the applause , I can see the Emperor 's new clothes , and there 's really not much there.Sorry folks , but gim me danger ! gim me something that will make me feel ! but please ... enough with the namby pamby sounds of lite-rock 101 .
 I get it , damn it ! Lyrics that use common sense as revelatory pronouncements , under psuedo-spiritual guises that reference `` the soul '' ... how deep . I MUST listen to it then , should n't I?No.Without a doubt , this ranks as one of the most pretentious albums released in recent memory . I 've tried and Tried and TRIED to give this album a go . Listened to it at night , at day , in the morning , in the evening , alone , with friends , in bed , whatever ... and EVERY . SINGLE . TIME I find myself thinking `` What am I listening to this for ? `` Just because it 's `` not commerical '' or `` goes against the grain '' does n't mean anything . So the guy has some artistic integrity . Good . That should be the lowest common denominator for anyone who expects others to put down money for their work . Move on ! Get to the songs!Yes , there are some decent arrangements in there , and a couple of the chord changes grab your attention ... but otherwise ... ugh.I do n't need to get into this for it 's `` ironic hipster appeal '' . At the end of the day , it 's a guy run amok in a studio , and the tunes just are n't that good . Damn ...
 It just goes to show you the sad state of the music industry when anything that comes along showing the slightest bit of ambition or originality , is instantly praised as a masterpiece and given Best of the Year honors . I am the victim of the hype and countless glowing reviews that this album generated.I enjoyed his album on Michigan . I was hoping the reviews I 've read about Illinois were correct , but I lost that bet . This album is annoying and very pretentious . Each of the 22 tracks has something in it that I do n't like . Whether it 's stupid instrumention , lame lyrics that do n't make any sense , background vocal choirs that do not fit the songs , etc. . I ca n't find one song I can totally get behind , which was not the case with Michigan.I heard the song `` Chicago '' was good . . but what does it mean ? He sounds like he 's trying to be artsy and vauge and therefore we are stuck with lyrics that ca n't possibly tell a story . He also mentions crying in about every song , which is a real downer . I got this on the hype , hoping for something like Michigan , but instead we got the most overrated album -LRB- the album you want to try hard to love so people will think you 're cool -RRB- of the year .
 Sufjan Stevens `` Illinoise '' is not worth the price of admission to this so called tour of Chicago . His main strength is his musicality and for that he gets 2 stars since he decided to start singing along with the music . By the time I got to the song about the crazy killer clown the world knows as gacy I had already formed my initial opinion , which is
 Do n't get me wrong . This is a great album . He accomplishes exactly what he set out to do with uncanny ease
 I see that another reviewer labeled `` Michigan '' as his masterpiece . I made the mistake of buying that CD and listening to it 2-3 times . What garbage . I only listened to the Amazon samples of these songs and that was more than enough . He sounds like a college kid trying to be cute while making up these songs as he goes along . What cutesy song names too . Let 's all pat him on the head . Next .
 look bone-diddlies , im sorry , but this guy really licks the ashtray . album titles benefitted -LRB- ? -RRB- by the thesaurus , lackluster songwriting , 60-year redundant melodies , gimmeyabreak . but as long as pitchfork gives it above , i do n't know , a number point number and creates a convaluded review , its decent , right ? i do n't care for your type , and sufjan stevens eats it like a bavarian . listen to pollard , and try to find me a copy of that first UFO album , but this ... COME ON !!!!!
 Another whiny album from yet another overrated neo-folk musician . Yes Sufjan Stevens might have some writing ability , yes he does original musical stuff on his album ... but so what . I could smack a fish against a xylophone , throw some well chosen words together into a recording mic and call it an album too ... that does n't mean the sum total would be good ... or a pleasant listening experience ... or have a single decent melody . Illinoise it aptly named . It is ultimately one of those albums made by the goofy high school band guy who liked to whip out his guitar around campfires and sing cheesy alternative neo-folk songs - the same guy who got a name for himself after graduation because tin-eared music critics looking to break the next big thing in music rushed to proclaim it genius . It 's not genius - it 's the product of a guy with a fish and a xylophone , not to mention an ultimately boring and uninspiring musical mess . I 'm giving it 2 stars simply because , although it still blows , it IS at least more original than most of the other neo folk albums out there .
 What is the deal with this guy ? Everybody fawns over him like he was the second comming or something . All I hear is some guy singing wispily over hushed atmospheric accompaniment . Okay , there are some fairly standard wispy pop horns here too . But I dunno - mixing Americana , over-erudite lyricism and early 90 's twee just does n't seem that groundbreaking to me . This record is pleasant in it 's own dull little way , but these reviews seem like a sort of collective psychosis . I will admit that this is one of the greatest album TITLES in years , but the music just is n't . I do n't see what Sufjan does here that 's any better than stuff groups like Belle and Sebastian , Willard Grant Conspiracy , and Trembling Blue Stars were putting out 10 years ago . Enough mopey singer-songwriters already . I 'm calling for a moratorium on anyone who sounds even a little bit like Nick Drake . Who 's with me ?? Paging Merle Haggard . Beatdown needed in aisle 3 .
 I consider Illinois by Sufjan Stevens to be the most overrated hipster album of the year . I swear , nothing on this album sticks out whatsoever . I must have listened to this thing a dozen times and nothing clicked . It sounds like a whiny singer songwriter who is going out of his way to be different by playing with a band that sounds like a high school orchestra.I like the idea about doing an album for every state , but the music does n't hold up to such an ambitious idea . Sufjan Stevens and this album seem to a product of hype and reviews from sources like Pitchfork and Mojo who pressumably have indie cred . So to sum up , avoid this , even if listening to it makes you hip with the coffee shop crowd .
 I do n't ususally write reviews to put things down , figuring that if I do n't like something , perhaps I just do n't get it , so I should keep thoughts to myself . But this album topped so many critics lists for 2005 that I feel compelled to comment
 I must admit I am a big fan of Sufjan 's Seven Swans . Since then , he has expanded his music , and I can definitely accept that fact . However , this CD is as overproduced and overwritten as any I have heard in a long time . I too can hear some Pet Sounds , or maybe a little Sgt Pepper influence , but it seems like he is trying too hard to make an epic-sounding album , and ends up turning out a lot of clutter . I know that Sufjan may not completely turn back to his `` folkier ways '' , and I am not stubborn enough to hold that against him . I sense that a lot of people will buy this album thinking that , because the titles are long , and the work is `` complicated '' , they are buying something only understood by the enlightened few . The bottom line , to me , is that Sufjan is trying way too hard on this CD . I wish he knew that he does n't have to try to be the offspring of Phil Spector and Brian Wilson to be seen as a wonderful songwriter .
 I subscribe to a magazine called Uncut . This magazine has introduced me to some really great acts such as Wilco and Richmond Fontaine and opened my eyes to classic artists such as Bob Dylan and Emmylou Harris . When Uncut voted Arcade Fire 's Funeral and Sufjan Stevens ' Illinois as albums of the year 2005 , I decided it would be worth a try checking out these artists , especially since the magazine 's year end CD contained interesting songs by each group . Despite still loving the magazine , next year I will be more careful.I must admit , I 've never made it through Arcade Fire , terrible production and what sounded interesting on one track became quickly irritating -LRB- singing lessons are in order in Montreal -RRB- . Sufjan received more patience on my behalf . The album is whimsical so I thought it merely took a few attempts to get it . I quote another reviewer who just got it right ; `` I 've tried and Tried and TRIED to give this album a go '' but like my soul mate -LRB- Sufjan wise at least -RRB- on the other side of the planet from my stand point , I find this pretentious . Is this supposed to be some kind of Pet Sounds ? What sounded somewhat charming for one track becomes unfocused for a whole album . Yes , there are a few good tunes to be found . Many are , however , simply amateurish with way too many instruments , my feeling is that that is intended to conceal the lack of melodies . End result is that one should not buy the hype -LRB- as I did ! -RRB- for as an album , Illinois really has too much noise lacking direction .
 Pretty much agree with the others who gave it two stars . Overrated , forced and bit too dull . And I 'm from `` Illinoise '' , so I oughtta know what dull is ...
 Since its release , critics and music lovers everywhere have been hyping Sufjan Steven 's Illinois as the great album of 2005 , even a revitalization of indie rock . This album , however , is n't that . But the album deserves respect as an achievement of some sort , so I 'm going to attempt what I believe is an honest discussion . After a couple months of rave reviews I decided to buy it , and gave it a couple listens . The first time through I was interested but not blown away . The album is indeed somewhat clever-especially in its song titles-and an original creation in its own right . But the name-dropping and gimmicks get old , even if they are the flair that holds Stevens ' creation apart from others.A couple more listens began exposing the weaknesses of the album . The lyrics are contrived and forced . I enjoy lyrics that deliver deliberate and descriptive narrative when done properly -LRB- Try Tallahassee by The Mountain Goats for some excellent lyrics in a concept album -RRB- , but Stevens ' prose comes through as awkward at best . The stories he tells are n't anything special , or particularly well told . For all the hype around `` John Wayne Gacy , Jr. '' , I 'd take a yarn woven by Colin Meloy of the Decemberists or Craig Finn of The Hold Steady over `` Gacy '' - or any other song from Illinois-any day of the week.Beyond lyrics , the music itself is contrived . Stevens applied some amateur theory , making it different from your standard indie music , then brought in some orchestration and fanfare to make it sound big , and let the album ride on it , but it 's unable to evoke the feelings or histories it is presumably meant to . If you want grand themes that work , try Arcade Fire 's Funeral on for size , or if you 're willing to go back a few decades , Atom Heart Mother by Pink Floyd . When Illinios invokes folk themes , it unfortunately breaks utterly , these spots are times when the album does indeed become nearly unlistenable . The redeeming fact is the use of string parts to connect songs and preserve the album as one opus.More than anything vocals are a matter of opinion , so if you absolutely love Sufjan 's voice , I wo n't try to tell you otherwise . But again , I feel that Stevens is attempting to deliver a soft-spoken singing performance that does n't come through properly . As I see it , Elliott Smith or Avey Tare -LRB- of Animal Collective -RRB- deliver much more inspired vocal performances , both in similar but unique soft-spoken ways . Indeed , their vocals ride over better musical backdrops as well.Song for song , there is nothing special about Illinois . The songs are average creations that any moderately successful artist is just as likely to deliver . That the lyrics and music themselves leave much to be desired does n't help put any of the songs from Illinois on any top 10 list of mine . Even as simple catchy tunes , nothing sticks in my head , or gives me any sort of inspiration beyond double clicking another song in my library . A breakway hit might redeem the album , if in a way unintended by Stevens , however none of the songs stand much above the rest . As a concept album , Illinois is able to invoke similar themes throughout , which is n't as easy as it seems , but these themes are n't inspired enough to merit such a lengthy opus.Now , as for tying it all together , this is what can make albums truly great . -LRB- I 'd again point to you to any of the examples above for artists that have created truly great albums -RRB- . Sufjan Stevens put care into the production of Illinois . The recording and mixing is near flawless , you 'll never hear something that sounds just plain wrong or out of place . For this reason , the album deserves respect and recognition . However , even if the whole is greater than the sum of its parts , Illinois remains lacking . Perhaps call this album a truly great recording of generally mediocre songs . Considering Sufjans half-joking threat to compose such an album for each of the 50 states in the Union -LRB- 48 to go -RRB- , I 'd suggest passing on Illinois altogether .
 I 'm completely astonished by the rave reviews for this album . Singer-songwriter stuff works best when the artist makes you feel he 's singing about experiences or events that have greatly affected him . These dilettantish songs , on the other hand , sound totally forced , like they 're based on encyclopedia entries -LRB- Or am I to believe that Stevens has strong personal feelings about Casimir Pulaski , Mary Todd Lincoln , Carl Sandburg , and the Columbian Exposition ? -RRB- . The lame lyrics could be somewhat forgiven if the music had a pulse , but this album is totally D.O.A -- no energy whatsoever , melodies that are completely innocuous and instantly forgettable.As for the song about John Wayne Gacy , Stevens is seemingly trying to be profound but in the end has nothing remotely insightful to say -LRB- Serial killers are people too ? Wow , how heavy !!!! -RRB- .
 I listen to a lot of music , a lot , and when I started seeing this on DJ lists and reviews I took the leap of faith and checked it out . For the life of me I ca n't figure out why this is on the # 1 slot of so many people . This put me to sleep after ten minutes . It just did absolutely nothing for me.Maybe I 'm too particular about the type of music I like but there are so many better things to spend your money on than weak music like this .
 Anyone who has the sheer courage to attempt an honest song about John Wayne Gacy , Jr. certainly deserves a second look , unfortunately , when you look again , it 's still a train wreck . One can not deny the touching sincerity exhibited by Sufjan Stevens in his ambitious work , which features highly original and entertaining titles if nothing else . However , the delivery , the voice , the style , and the overall sensibility are cloying , morbid , and dour , a quagmire oozing precious self-pity . Listen to it for a while , then pound nails through your hand for a while . See if you can tell the difference .
 This album is rated too high for what it is . There are indeed a few cool instrumental melodies , but like a few of the reviewers mentioned already is just has no soul to it . I would give it 2 or 3 stars but the overall rating is so undeservingly high I have to do my part to keep things in balance .
 I had heard raving reviews about this particular cd and the depth of the lyrics and the complexity of instrumentation . So I promptly bought it and listened to the cd fully with a very open musical ear and was astonished . It truly inspired me . I realized that if I wanted to succeed in my own personal career , I must hire a junior high band , downgrade my studio , and write songs that make no sense and I will make it as a professional musician . And I will get raving reviews.The guitars , pianos , banjos , woodwinds were often flat and very unrhythmic . The production was horrible . These are not bad in itself having a low budget . But this thing has soared in popularity . The lyrics that were hyped up as deep were shallow and seemingly unrehearsed and the so-called `` historisity '' are bizarre stories that have no application to the listeners . I found no profound lyrics.I understand that to be a revolutionary musician you have to take chances and go with something totally new . This is the one thing about Sufjan Stevens that I admire . He took a risk and some will like it and some will not . It is straight from the 70 's though . It is nothing new . It 's the same underproduced , cheesy sound that originated from the 70 's -LRB- not that I throw away those years altogether -RRB- but I was not impressed with his venture.I apologize to the die hard fans . Not because I may have offended you , but you have been brainwashed into thinking this is good . I could n't take 1 album . I wonder what I would do with 50 of them ... I hear they make good rifle targets ...
 Having listened to Steven 's previous albums , Greetings from Michigan and Seven Swans countless times , I can not help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . Stevens blatantly rips off his own music . I consider Michigan to be Sufjan 's masterpiece . Do yourself a favor and start there .
 but you get the feeling he wrote the songs as an afterthought to clever titles.maybe clever the first time through , but I ca n't imagine why you 'd listen again .
 Some clever stuff ... but as far as music goes , I just ca n't bring myself to enjoy it -LRB- with the possible exception of Night Zombies -RRB- . It escapes me why this has shown up on so many best of 2005 lists .
 The government could replace waterboarding with forced listening of this CD . Sufjan Stevens is the John Tesh of college radio .
 Astoundingly overrated , Stevens is a weak singer-songwriter who sounds here like a pastiche of James Taylor and Brian Wilson at their very worst . Lyrical conceits fall flat , and the overtones of born-again-ness are teeth-grating . The tunes are lackadaisical , half-composed at best . Nothing here has any energy , and I ca n't detect any real emotion or commitment here.I am at a loss to explain why this collection of mediocre-to-bad songs , performed and sung with a half-a $ $ ed attitude and no energy , has gotten so many good reviews from so many people . There is absolutely nothing here . Buying this is like buying a blank CD .
 Slightly more `` umph '' than the Michigan CD , but still redundant and boring . A few clever and artistic moments , but not quite an entire album 's worth . Playing a diverse array of instruments does n't really make the songs any more musical . Overall , it 's still a pleasant sounding and well-produced CD . Just too many ` da , da , da 's , ` oh 's , and repetitive chime sounds for me .
 I think that the creativity and uniqueness of these wispy songs -LRB- all focused on Illinois issues -RRB- overshadows the basic premise of popular music which is that it must be listenable.This is a novelty work rather than a cd you can listen to repeatedly.It is not as good as depicted by the critics . There are some nice melodies , instrumental passages and ideas but this seems more like an experiment rather than a focused work.I respect the taking of chances but this does n't warrant repeated listenings .
 I wanted to like this album . I tried . But I have an idea that in 5 years , no one will remember this record . It reaks of Sufjan Stevens trying to be different . Like the guy at the coffee shop who wears the wool cap and army coat , when it is 100 degrees outside . Like his bio on his web site about being found in a milk crate . Like the horrible long titles of the songs . But most importantly , like the music that just does not grab you . You wo n't be humming any of these tunes at work.It is not horrible . Just not that great . Do n't believe the hype surrounding this album . I would say sample some of the songs . They all sound pretty much alike .
 What in tarnation is this ? And who listens to this ? Are you like rolling down the street with your windows down . Yo check it . Sufjan ... kicking it out . Heck no . I would be embarrased to have anyone see me and hear these sounds . It 's like ... I do n't even know ... like a bad production of Jesus Christ Super Star . ? I ca n't even beleive it . I feel like an idiot listneing to this garbage . Who rocks it like this . ? Where do they find these people.And there are like mad people dying in Africa and stuff ... what would they think of you if they saw you listening to this ... They would know that they are really going to die . Oh no . Look at those crazy Americans . We are dead for sure now . No way they are gon na help us , when they ca n't even help themselves.People.Please .
 you must be american to like this stuff . probably , obviously . there is too lot of everything inside , this is too big , too full . if you like things like sigur ros , keep aside .
 This album sucks . It 's just prog-rock given the title `` indie `` and suddenly everyone eats it up . It has way more in common with Yes or Genesis than anything that 's real rock and roll . PRETENTIOUS !
 i heard this guy wrote songs about states in the USA . why did n't he make one about california ? with all the good things like Terminator and OC and LAguna Beach ? i think if this man is going to make musical comercials to fly to chicago then he should pick somewhere better like california or idaho or delaware . that is my thoughts , it was just ok to listen to .
 we worked with him on his music video . It was the most unprofessional crew I ever worked with . The singer himself wasnt much better ...
 Received a sealed CD with correct liner and correctly stamped CD , but the music burned to the disc was not Glenn Kaiser , but a worship music compilation . I see that was noted on a previous review . Appears to be an ongoing issue that has not been corrected yet .
 ABSOLUTE GARBAGE , TOTALLY DISAPOINTED WITH WHAT WAS MEANT TO BE BLUES IT TURNED OUT TO BE CHURCH HYMNS AND THE SONG LIST DIDNT MATCH THE TRACK LIST ON ALBUMN COVER
 I had listened to and even saw Y&T in concert but never was much of a fan . I bought Meniketti 's last solo , On the Blue Side , really liked it and was hoping for something similar , maybe even a little heavier . Have to say I was a little disapointed.Most of the songs are weak and boring . If your like Dave for his singing and song writing buy the album but if you like ripping guitar licks skip it .
 After the unbelievable `` On the Blue Side '' , and the previous Y&T stuff , I expected alot from this new release . Unfortunatly , this cd does not stand up and deliver . It is not that the cd is bad , just not as good as we have come to expect from Meniketti . Some rock songs , some blues songs and some mixed , but never really nailing any song . The vocals are very good -LRB- as usual -RRB- , but the songs seem to lack heart . As a virtual `` rookie '' release for Dave with his new band mates , this cd does show promise , and I look forward to any future releases , but this cd wo n't get much play time in my cd player .
 I am a huge fan of Y&T and Dave Meniketti but this album was quite a disappointment to me . Nothing on it is really bad , but by the same token , nothing on it is really good either . It is mostly just kinda boring . Dave plays well as always and his voice still seems ageless , but the song are completely unexceptional . Nothing to grab your attention . I really wish Y&T would just reform and go back and listen to all the great stuff they did back in the 80s and early 90s . Just do more of the same . For classic Meniketti get the Y&T albums Black Tiger , Meanstreak , In Rock We Trust , Down For The Count , Contagious , and Ten .
 This production is just simply not one of the best singer-songwriter efforts of the year . I do n't understand the appeal .
 The problem with this cd is that it is not all that good . Other than that , it is fine .
 British music gets worse every month . I do n't know how they keep the downward slide going , but they do . You 'd think at some point the UK divisions of the major labels just would n't be able to find any bands in their country that were worse than the ones they 'd already signed , the lameness would plateau , but they manage to keep finding worse and worse bands . Even if I tried to write the worst music I possibly could I could n't write music that would be as offensive to my ears as this band . They make Swans , Whitehouse , Shellac and Nickelback seem like amateurs at the art of being unlistenable .
 I have never reviewed an album here until I saw that people actually gave this album 5 stars . I have rarely heard worse bass playing and the drumming was pretty bad , too . The only reason I was at this page was to see who the horrible players were . Luckily for them , their names were n't available . If it were me on the recording , I would n't want to broadcast it either.By the way , I 've seen Pat Martino live with Joey DeFrancesco and was amazed at that show . Martino has also been back with numerous disappointing performances with lacking players . Pat , bring players with you that are on your level !
 I liked Judy Collins for years before I got around to buying this album . And now I know why I waited years . She is a good singer when she is concentrating , but only ordinary when she 's not . I am still in awe of what she achieved on the first verse of `` Amazing Grace '' , but not nearly as happy with the other verses , to the point where I would rather find a better version.Just like I did with my other favorite recording of hers - `` Someday Soon '' . The version by Suzy Bogguss is vastly superior . And I think Joni Mitchell 's version of `` Both Sides Now '' is wearing much better than Judy 's . And I would rather hear Leonard Cohen singing `` Suzanne '' . Judy did these artists an immense favor by popularizing their music , but I do n't think she is standing the test of time . Maybe some of today 's great voices could be convinced to do a `` Songs Of Judy Collins '' album and give a brighter shine to some of her better originals .
 I am a huge fan of both Joni Mitchell and Joan Baez , so I figured I 'd love Judy Collins , as their musical styles are related . I bought this CD with great hopes , unfortunately these hopes quickly faded . I could not get past her voice ! The songs could have been much better if it were n't for her out of tune voice . I do n't quite understand why she is as popular as she is ; she does n't write her own music , and her voice is mediocre at best .
 My dad listens to Judy Collins every day in the car and no words can describe how much she unbelievably sux ! All she can sing about how happy she is -LRB- YUCK ! -RRB- . All that sweetness and light makes me wan na vomit ! If you want good folk music , you wo n't find it-but you can find good folk/rock -LRB- Jewel , who rules -RRB- ! Do n't buy this ! Get Jewel 's `` Spirit '' , Madonna 's `` Ray Of Light '' , or Fiona Apple 's `` When The Pawn ... ''
 I was stunned by how bad this CD sounds . I 'm no expert , so I ca n't give you a precise description with proper terminology . Suffice it to say it 's a bad job of transferring the recordings to CD . I later bought the Gold version , and the difference is like night and day . Judy Collin 's voice is too wonderful to let this awful CD prevent you from really hearing her . The Gold version is worth the extra money .
 Buyer beware
 I have been searching for a download of the song , `` Who Knows Where The Time Goes '' , as performed by Judy Collins . Every one I 've found is a version that sounds like two different tracks were sloppily spliced together . The first part of the song is as I 've remembered it , and the second part is a twangy , country-western-ish version that I 've never heard before ! The problem is that when you hear just a sample of this track , you only hear a little bit of the first half of it , so you do n't know what 's coming . I 've wasted about $ 3.00 downloading tracks that I think are the right ones , only to find out I 've got the same crummy track ! Somewhere I 've read that the version I 'm looking for was only the B side of her 45 , `` Both Sides Now '' . Wrong ! I dug up my original LP I 've had for 30 + years , and `` Who Knows Where The Time Goes '' is exactly as I remembered it , and not this horrible version that 's on this album being sold today . Why has this happened ?!?
 I love the music on this CD.Sadly , after trying for some time to figure out why it would n't play on my computer , I discoverd the sad truth
 21/2 Like a mediocre combination of Air and Daft Punk , cheesy synth-lines and sometimes-catchy pop structures offer a solid but uninspiring listen . The duo 's healthy variety keeps all these plain compositions afloat as a disc , but the songs up close are all shades of weak .
 This is an OK disc but some words of caution are in order . The title of the disc is very misleading , since the two headliners actually only play together on the final track . This was Willis `` Gatortail '' Jackson 's gig , a 1978 concert at Laren , & it 's his band onstage . They have an entertaining , tight routine , including an elaborate shtick on `` The Man I Love '' , which after a very slow opening is given one of the fastest readings I 've ever heard & eventually becomes an elaborate series of quotations executed in tandem by the band -LRB- everything from `` Lullaby of Birdland '' to a snippet of Rachmaninov -RRB- . After 3 numbers Jackson leads Freeman onstage ; Freeman has two numbers to himself , `` Summertime '' & `` The Shadow of Your Smile '' . He is , as always , marvellously unpredictable & idiosyncratic , with one of the oddest harmonic & rhythmic conceptions in jazz . -LRB- I 've no idea what his musical influences are , though I suspect that like the much younger saxophonist David Murray -- whom he sometimes resembles -- he listened hard to Paul Gonsalves . -RRB- These numbers are inevitably much less together than the Jackson tracks , not least because of Von 's penchant for doing the unexpected -LRB- the sidemen sound palpably uncomfortable ! -RRB-
 Wow ! I ca n't believe it ; I was wholly underwhelmed by this release . What happened to the great MMW?It does n't bother me that the track times are nearly identical , or that each song is in 4/4 -- most MMW is -- but this album , I 'm sad to say , is downright simple and even boring , and I so much wanted to like it.For one It plods along like a dirge ; the tempos are all the same , with little variation within or between songs ; and there are no breaks like in the wonderful Uninvisible -LRB- I 'm thinking track 10 , where the pounding Hip Hop gives way to tight DnB -RRB- . It makes it difficult to discern one track from the next , which never was a problem before . That was the great thing about MMW , variety ! And this stuff ? It 's just samey , pure and simple , like the did n't want to alienate anyone!My big problem is there 's NO atonality whatsoever here , very little dissonance even . Listen to the wild sax on parts of the Dropper ; hell , stuff they made 10 years ago is more out there ... way more -LRB- listen to Hermeto 's Daydream off the first album , or the entire Tonic live set for example ... -RRB- I 'll give it one thing ; the production is great , just like the last two albums . But the songwriting 's taken a turn towards the mundane . Some of the guitar solos in particular sound more like bar-band-blues jamming , then anything remotely avant garde , and this is from the great Marc Ribot ! Billy Martin 's drumming too is barely utilized . I do n't even think he fits in these song when half the time he 's stuggling for space among the busy arangements . I bet Phil Rudd of AC/DC could have pulled this off without notice . What a shame.As to the others , Medeski is far less noticable ; he 's barely a presence at all ! I 'm not purist , I love the production extras and guest musicians of the later albums , but they at least added something ; and really , I thought this was supposed to be a trio . Chris Wood IS sounding good here , as he always does , but even at his best -LRB- I 'm thinking track 3 -- the sort of mediterranean thing -RRB- it 's still nothing new.I 'm still not dissapointed I bought this when I own all of their albums after all , but this is surely the worst they 've ever done . If you want great groove pick up Last Chance to Dance Trance , or any of the earlier albums . Anything but this ! If this album 's an attempt to ingratiate themseves with the masses , I do n't think it will work , because MMW is ignoring the things that make them truly great , and most of all unique .
 The `` Mami Gato '' track starts off with one minute of real promise , with a foot-tapping pattern that ought to continue throughout the piece . But then it 's like a fog rolled in and the musicians lost sight and sound of each other -- it simply degrades into individual lines where you have to struggle really hard to remember they 're winding around an echo of the original play line that 's no longer around . This ruins what would have been a real favorite .
 ... and a hellava lot more boring.Yes , these guys are the coolest thing ever to emerge from the jam band wasteland . Yes , they can play circles around most of their cohorts . Yes , John Medeski has killer keyboard chops -LRB- why does n't he use 'em ? -RRB- , as witnessed by his duo album with Andre Jaume , the French sax great.But where 's the substance?Nowhere to be found , sad to say.Some really radio-friendly , massively ephemeral tunes
 This stuff makes Kenny G. look avant-garde . I like fusion as much as anybody but I know supermarkets that would refuse to play this crap . Stay away .
 This was recommended to me based on prior purchase - Mofro . It sucked , instrumental only , no lyrics .
 I found out about this CD through the Brian Setzer Web Site link . . '' Uncle Ray '' . It seems that Ray Vincent is an artist who has done some art work for Brian Setzer , well more or less its art work based on other peoples work -LRB- rip off artist -RRB- . Ray Vincent also has a band which I classify as pure 100 % trash . Its a mix between Kiss , ACDC and barn yard animals puking . I listened to the sound clips prior to buying the CD , and trust me those clips are the best sounding . Vincent Razorbacks is nothing more than trash which features death , sex and swearing . I certainly dont classify my self as a `` prude '' , but one look at the inside cover of the CD and you can tell that Ray Vincent is not very creative and and is limited in his imagination . Basically this nothing more the European trash trying to find music on the coat tails of others . If I could get my money back I would , so I guess this CD will be a new target for my AR-15 . Ray Vincent get a life and try something else like ... maybe painting billbords or houses . DO NOT waste your money !!!
 This Cd is the most unlistenable noise I have ever heard . If the great man had anything to do with this -LRB- which I think is highly unlikely indeed -RRB- , he must have been having a breakdown.Pearl Jam fans avoid at all cost - dont be fooled into thinking this is related - it aint .
 please do n't even think of buying this ! this has nothing to do with Eddie Vedder or pearl jam !!! the completely bogus/phony review of this CD by Mr. wes c. addle -LRB- west seattle
 I was very disappointed when I received this CD . The review said it was the Metal band Crisis . It is not . It is an Electronic band from Europe . If you like Electronic , you would probably like . Otherwise , avoid this !
 No one mentions that `` The Killer Rocks On '' features a BIG string section playing the most hackneyed , `` sweetening '' arrangements and corny background vocals . Wish I 'd known before buying this ; totally passable , there 's ever so much great Jerry Lee out there . Some tracks fare better than others , especially the slow soul ballads . But the `` rockers '' are a joke . `` Do n't Be Cruel '' especially awash in mediocrity . This album needs a `` Naked '' treatment desperately -- Jerry 's in real good form , ditto with the band , but the superfluous stuff is just nauseating . Producer Jerry Kennedy must have wanted to make a record for his grandma or something -- one of most frustrating listening experiences one can have . `` C.C. Rider '' with island-inflected marimba and chirping chicks in the background , anyone?Update
 I 'm into this type of music , and I 'm familiar with a lot of the artists on this compilation , but the compilation itself is n't as good as it could be . The songs are all songs that really , REALLY take some getting used to . I gave it two stars because it 's okay to play the CD as background noise every now and again -LRB- and I mean background ... like you need to be totally busy and not really paying attention to the music -RRB- , but other than that , I do n't really suggest you spend the money unless you know for sure you are really into these artists and more so ... these songs in particular .
 If the American Gothic - esque cover is n't convincing enough , the tracks within this disk are boring enough to put Paul Bunyan to sleep . Lacks any `` spirit '' this CD claims to have .
 Enjoyed Jane Jensen 's work , and discovered she was in this band . Thought I 'd score some bonus early material.Wow . This is BAD . Lyrics -LRB- not hers -RRB- are banal enough any college creative writing program could better them in an hour seminar . Music is horrible synth-pop . And though Jensen is singing , it 's often passed through dimestore filters and has none of the expressivity that makes her albums good listening . Not only is Blue completely different from anything she 's done later , it 's pitiful on its own merits . Very sophormoric , and that 's being kind . Unlistenable is closer to the truth . Not a single track worth taking from this disc.I bought at $ 3 * with * shipping . I want my $ 3 back .
 I adore John McDermott 's voice and have seen him in concert several times . He is undoubtedly one of the best singers of Irish and Scottish folk music in existance . I own all of his albums and was so excited to see this new one on Amazon . But I could not have been more disappointed . John 's voice is as wonderful as ever , but these songs are not what his fans might want to hear from him . I would rather have heard him recite the alphabet then listen to this music . I played it once and will probably never listen to it again . I hope in the future he returns to the music that brought him to international attention .
 I 've heard of vapourware -LRB- vaporware for cousins in the US -RRB- but is this vapour music?This CD is advertised on Amazon , supposedly published by La Cooka Ratcha , itself a part of the Voice Print company and is mysteriously unavailable . I have just had my Amazon order for it delayed for a second time and I wonder if it will ever materialise.Are they offering CDs for sale that do not exist ? Why would anyone do that ?
 This was ordered on 10th October and delivery was promised in two weeks . I have just been notified that delivery is delayed -LRB- 4th time -RRB- and is now expected end January/early Feb.What are these people up to ??
 Peach Of Immortality
 I have a ton of patience and a fascination with expiremental music , but this is just one annoying sound effect after another . No form , structure , or thought went into this . Maybe that is the brilliance of it - but I can not see it .
 I purchased this item and was not happy that there are only two tracks on the whole cd . There is no video or making of and wondered why it is listed as such . While I love the song , I was hoping there was more to the cd .
 I recently picked up Lil Chill 's 1995 album `` Ai n't No Luv Lost '' because I thought it would really appeal to me , after it had been recommended to me and I listened to the snippets and thought it sounded really good . Listening to the entire album , though , I am very disappointed . While the g-funk beats are often very good , overall this album is uneven , redundant , and sometimes boring . Lil Chill is an especially dull rapper , his flow and voice sound exactly like ten other rappers you know but not at all original . Most specifically , he is a carbon copy of MC Eiht , as his voice , flow , and exclamations of `` geah '' and `` dayum '' are identical to his . On one track , where he raps `` the motherf ... in ' hood took me under , '' I swear Eiht could sue him for copyright infringement . Lyrically he is completely mediocre , rapping only about subjects that have been rapped about before in successful songs , I swear there 's really not an original idea in any of the lyrics of this album . Lil Chill is the definition of your run-of-the-mill west coast MC , and the guest appearances from Da Shaft Gangsta Clik provide no highlights . The album also has a very low-quality feel to it , and I guess it was an underfunded underground release but often it sounds downright cheap . The singers who do the hooks in the songs are awful , they must have just been taken off the street outside the studio . The album is n't completely dismal because the beats , as other reviewers have stated , are very good . The slow , funky , woozy beats are thick with good electronic elements and even some live instrumentals . However , most of the 10 songs go on for much too long and become downright boring . I really thought I would like this album but I did n't , this album tries to hard to be like a Warren G or Dogg Pound release and it fails . Better g-funk can easily be found elsewhere.The album begins with `` The Enemy , '' which has a great , slow rolling groove but is lyrical mush . `` Raised in the Hub -LRB- City of Compton -RRB- '' attempts to be a west coast anthem , and despite great , funky production , it again fails lyrically with lyrics that you 'll swear you 've heard countless times before and its poorly sung hook . `` N. ... Get Dealt With '' has a decent beat and more run-of-the-mill verses . `` Strate Up Stuc '' is completely uninteresting . `` I Wo n't Go Down '' has a great beat and would be an excellent song if not for the completely painful R&B ; singing on it . The awful singing on `` Compton Anthem -LRB- Claimin ' the CPT -RRB- '' makes the already generic song nearly unlistenable . The title track showcases more good production with poor singing and rapping , this time the hook sounds like a children 's chorus . The pretty funky `` Ghetto Child '' is presented as a lyrical highlight , but it is really boring , totally biting Dr. Dre 's `` Lil ' Ghetto Boy '' and providing nothing new in the lyrics department along with another terribly sung hook . `` Sleep Do n't Come Easy '' is forgettable and `` Real N. . . Pts . 1 & 2 '' is a terrible song , five and a half abysmal minutes spent with Lil Chill just shouting out his homeboys and favorite rappers . It goes on way too long and is totally banal , ending the album on a poor note . `` Ai n't No Luv Lost '' is not even a slightly memorable album , showcasing a mediocre MC trying to hard to be like everybody else and displaying some cheap qualities . The album has some value in the music , so if you can overcome the mediocrity of the lyrics and performance quality , you may find some enjoyment in it . If these beats were given to better performers , this could have been an excellent album . However , this album was greatly overshadowed in its time by many greater g-funk works , just as it is today , and rightly so . If listeners are interested in this album , I suggest they steer clear and check out albums by Tha Dogg Pound , South Central Cartel , or BG Knocc Out and Dresta , similar artists from the same time period that produced great music .
 WOW IS THIS BAND ANNOYING OR WHAT ! I 'LL STICK TO HATEBREED , BURRIED ALIVE , THE DILLENGER ESCAPE PLAN , UNSANE , AND CANDIRIA FOR MY HARDCORE NEEDS FOR NOW ! THIS IS RAP WITH BAD GUITAR . THEY SOUND LIKE THEIR READY TO TOUR WITH LIMP BIZKIT !
 Just heavy , brutal , mindless garbage . Dillinger Escape Plan Lite . Try Shai Hulud or Overcast instead .
 Gary Moore has become one of the great rock/electric blues guitarists of all time . The man can play that Les Paul !! But , with the release of `` Scars '' it seems that Gary is trying to please the grunge generation or whatever `` weird rock '' is called today ! Gary can really sing , but on this album he 's pretending again ? His singing sounds pathetic ! The guitar work is almost great , but not 100 % up to par . This cd makes one to believe that Gary Moore has run out of ideas ? I 'd be in favor of an instrumental album next !
 Do n't get me wrong ... I ca n't imagine anyone being a bigger Gary Moore fan than me . I 've got everything he 's ever recorded and love it all , from shred to blues . Next to Eric Johnson , Gary is probably the greatest unsung guitar hero in the world . Rarely a day goes by that I do n't have a GM CD playing in the car , the stereo , and/or the PC.HOWEVER , I 've got no idea what this CD 's all about . It sounds like a hybrid of Howlin ' Wolf , King Crimson , the White Stripes , and Barry Manilow . In a word
 Wow , I traded this CD for a Son Volt CD the next day after listening to it . IMHO , This CD is unlistenable . I am a very open minded listener , -LRB- See Son Volt , I have several Gary Moore CDs -RRB- . This CD has no redeeming qualities . I am all for updating your sound but the music has to fit , and frankly Gary 's voice does not fit this . Remember , melody , rythm , and musicianship still count for a lot of people .
 If you are a loyal fan , you should humour the man . Otherwise ...
 If you love `` Still Got the Blues '' , `` After Hours '' , `` Blues Alive '' , `` Back to the Blues '' , and `` Blues for Greeny '' , do n't expect `` Scars '' to be like these ... it 's not . I was truly disappointed ... bright spot may be the cut , `` Ball and Chain '' . I 'm really at a loss on how to descibe this CD ... not Gary 's past rock blues , not his earlier hard rock ... his singing here leaves something to be desired ... time to trade it in .
 This really is crap both lyrically and musically . I 'll give you an example ' i was n't born in chicago/but i can play the blues/never part of the union/but i 've paid my dues ' embarassing right ? and guess what there is an irritating hip-hop beat going through it . Gary Moore = trip-hop ? you got it . I 've sung the praises of the man since Skid row and through the blues album but this is the pits . For some reason he sings in a low range totally out of key that made me wonder if it was really him . Why ? . The lead work is formalic and the songs diravative . The only solo that catches fire is the ten minute slow blues-but have n't we heard this a million times before and much better ? Elsewhere there is a blatant rip off of ` manic depression ' and several Stevie Ray Vaughn immitations . Gary sounds unintrested and the rhythm section is pedestrian . This is quite possibly one of the worse things i 've heard for ages . Judging by how cheap you can buy it for the public are in agreement with me . Actually awful !
 This does not deserve a star . Whatever happened to MOORE ????? THIN LIZZY - AWESOMEearly blues cd 's - very goodthis is one of the worst cd 's I 've bought in about 7 years . Out of about 1000 cd 's , this is 999 at best and I honestly can not think of any of the other 999 that I would be more reluctant to listen to again.Here you find 3 HENDRIX tunes and 3 SRV ones . MOORE changes 1 -LRB- yes one -RRB- note and palms it off as new material . PUTRID.His lyrics are the usual blend of mindless blues cliche 's sung in a most horrid voice . The energy generated by this cd would not move a dust particle.A couple of great solos might have saved this mess , but even the solos are clearly recognisable as someone elses phrases.This is sooooooo bad it could make you angry at having spend 2 or 3 dollars for it . I 'm afraid to use it as a coaster as it is likely to take the fizz out of any drinks resting on this durge.Buy BLUES FOR GREENE if you want some better MOORE . If you feel the need to buy some MOORE , may I suggest you get some IAN MOORE . Miles better
 I have bought this title twice and both times the disc would not play . This is the only CD that my player has ever had a problem with . It looks like a good lineup which makes it doubly frustrating . Just wanted to give a heads up in the spirit of consumer helpfulness . Thanks
 I recently picked up Lil Chill 's 1995 album `` Ai n't No Luv Lost '' because I thought it would really appeal to me , after it had been recommended to me and I listened to the snippets and thought it sounded really good . Listening to the entire album , though , I am very disappointed . While the g-funk beats are often very good , overall this album is uneven , redundant , and sometimes boring . Lil Chill is an especially dull rapper , his flow and voice sound exactly like ten other rappers you know but not at all original . Most specifically , he is a carbon copy of MC Eiht , as his voice , flow , and exclamations of `` geah '' and `` dayum '' are identical to his . On one track , where he raps `` the motherf ... in ' hood took me under , '' I swear Eiht could sue him for copyright infringement . Lyrically he is completely mediocre , rapping only about subjects that have been rapped about before in successful songs , I swear there 's really not an original idea in any of the lyrics of this album . Lil Chill is the definition of your run-of-the-mill west coast MC , and the guest appearances from Da Shaft Gangsta Clik provide no highlights . The album also has a very low-quality feel to it , and I guess it was an underfunded underground release but often it sounds downright cheap . The singers who do the hooks in the songs are awful , they must have just been taken off the street outside the studio . The album is n't completely dismal because the beats , as other reviewers have stated , are very good . The slow , funky , woozy beats are thick with good electronic elements and even some live instrumentals . However , most of the 10 songs go on for much too long and become downright boring . I really thought I would like this album but I did n't , this album tries to hard to be like a Warren G or Dogg Pound release and it fails . Better g-funk can easily be found elsewhere.The album begins with `` The Enemy , '' which has a great , slow rolling groove but is lyrical mush . `` Raised in the Hub -LRB- City of Compton -RRB- '' attempts to be a west coast anthem , and despite great , funky production , it again fails lyrically with lyrics that you 'll swear you 've heard countless times before and its poorly sung hook . `` N. ... Get Dealt With '' has a decent beat and more run-of-the-mill verses . `` Strate Up Stuc '' is completely uninteresting . `` I Wo n't Go Down '' has a great beat and would be an excellent song if not for the completely painful R&B ; singing on it . The awful singing on `` Compton Anthem -LRB- Claimin ' the CPT -RRB- '' makes the already generic song nearly unlistenable . The title track showcases more good production with poor singing and rapping , this time the hook sounds like a children 's chorus . The pretty funky `` Ghetto Child '' is presented as a lyrical highlight , but it is really boring , totally biting Dr. Dre 's `` Lil ' Ghetto Boy '' and providing nothing new in the lyrics department along with another terribly sung hook . `` Sleep Do n't Come Easy '' is forgettable and `` Real N. . . Pts . 1 & 2 '' is a terrible song , five and a half abysmal minutes spent with Lil Chill just shouting out his homeboys and favorite rappers . It goes on way too long and is totally banal , ending the album on a poor note . `` Ai n't No Luv Lost '' is not even a slightly memorable album , showcasing a mediocre MC trying to hard to be like everybody else and displaying some cheap qualities . The album has some value in the music , so if you can overcome the mediocrity of the lyrics and performance quality , you may find some enjoyment in it . If these beats were given to better performers , this could have been an excellent album . However , this album was greatly overshadowed in its time by many greater g-funk works , just as it is today , and rightly so . If listeners are interested in this album , I suggest they steer clear and check out albums by Tha Dogg Pound , South Central Cartel , or BG Knocc Out and Dresta , similar artists from the same time period that produced great music .
 This is just a weird album . It 's not weird to the point where you 're thinking to yourself `` How does this guy do it ? '' . Actually it 's quite cheesy . This is the type of stuff I would play outside of my house on halloween or something . If you like long drawn out music that a serial killer hears in his head then buy this . If you 're not sure just play alot of low notes with different effects on your casio at home and throw some samples in their and see if you like it . If so then buy it .
 I am very disappointed with this CD . The song lineup is great . But , the songs are NOT the ORIGINAL recordings . But , the songs are done by the ORIGINAL Artists . Very sneaky and misleading .
 I enjoyed this CD quite a lot . I remembered one song of theirs and several cuts were of songs that I had heard other groups perform , however , I was impressed with Marmalade 's arrangement .
 I desperately wanted this and Schism when I discovered they would be made available to the average joe . Tool is a band I consider my favorite and thus far , I have yet to be disappointed by any of their releases . Salival was interesting and somewhat satisfying for completists or die-hard fans . It was unfulfilling as I wanted more like a better DVD menu layout and maybe more songs like b-sides and more live stuff . Regardless , I was excited to get more Tool with Parabola and Schism . I have always thought that Lateralus warranted more than two videos , but whatever . I could at least get what was available.Boy , was I disappointed when I made it home . I watched the videos , tried to watch the commentary -LRB- but became bored -RRB- and listened to the overlong , repetitive remixes . If the remixes were available on CD and the videos on a seperate DVD in one package for 10 bucks I would have been a little more satisfied . Instead , I dropped 20 bucks on something I will never watch or listen to again . For those who were disappointed by the lack of material available on the filler ; Salival , you will feel even more cheated . I do n't think Tool was even involved in the process of creating these sets . I ca n't sit here like some people and rave about how amazing this set is or how Tool came through again . I honestly loathe these releases and I am frankly appauled at the value .
 This doesnt deserve 1 star . I spent 20 bucks on this and the schism cd . And what do you get ? Nothing . One video ... not even all of the videos they 've made on the cd ... just one . Oh but then , you get the joy of listening to comentary with some jerk-off , who has nothing interesting or valuable to say about anything `` I remember one time I had a beer with tool . Neat . `` But then you get to listen to the remix ... which sounds like somthing a highschool student could have put together.Tool has been my favorite band for quite some time now , and I 'd just like to thank them for crapping all over their fanbase by releasing this garbage . Download 2 of their music videos and you 'll have more than this dvd can offer .
 ... yet Highly overpriced . Parabola is probably TOOL 's best music video in my opinion , and no doubt it probably took weeks to film and edit the video , but there is no way that one music video is worth 10 dollars . Not to mention that the special features . . if you can call them that . . are extremely lacking . The commentary is horribly boring . . and the remix is completely awful . It would have served them better to release a DVD with all of their music videos on one disc ... or even if they included a live video of Parabola on the DVD in addition to the music video . Overall , an amazing video . . but not worth the money .
 I 'll start off with saying the video for Parabola is very interesting -LRB- as are all of Tool 's videos -RRB- and that is why I was compelled to get this DVD . I wanted the video for my own collection and was also excited to see the `` bonus features . `` The only good thing I can say other than what I just did is that this was bought for me as a present , so I did n't waste any money on it.Now to the bad . You have a menu that gives you the option of the video , a remix of the song , and the commentary . I decided to try the remix first . Most . Boring . Thing . Ever . My boyfriend and I were watching it , and for like , the first three or four minutes it 's basically nothing , then it changes a tiny bit , making us think it would actually get good , and then it ends . We were pretty disappointed . But not to worry ! We still can watch the commentary and get an insightful look into the video and what it 's about ! NO . As someone else described him , it 's some jerk-off who has no business commenting on anything Tool does because based off what he says in the commentary -LRB- e.g. `` here come the grapes of doom '' -RRB- I find it hard to believe he even understands any of their songs . In summation , I thought this would be cool to have being a hardcore Tool fan , but you really should n't bother . You end up irritated at how big a disappointment it is .
 Go online and watch the Parabola video for free because that is all you are getting here . The DVD has no features whatsoever . Avoid this DVD at all costs . Tool should be ashamed of themselves for releasing something like this .
 Where is this band Tool people flock too and say they are one of the best bands ever . Listening to this I fail to see Tool as anything but an over hyped pop band .
 Okay , this review has nothing to do with the actual content of the dvds because that is not the issue here . The issue here is `` why do these dvds exist . '' We 're talking about two dvds with about 30 minutes of footage on each and some very pretty packaging . It 's really easy to say that they 're only $ 10 each and `` if you 're a real fan you 'll buy it '' and `` it 's tool , so of course it 's worth it . '' The fact of the matter is that these dvds are not worth it and they are simply the result of people wanting to cash in right before Christmas . Anyone that can not see this is blind . I for one am appalled . I wish this was solely the product of the record company but the actual members of Tool obviously worked on the artwork so are they are very responsible here.In short , yes , these are good videos , but remember , they are just music videos that you can see anywhere . Remember when MTV used to be a music channel and you could watch music videos for free ? It seems like ages ago . If Tool released this for their fans it would be a complete dvd with more than 2 videos and plenty of extras . Unfortunately , it was simply released for their pocketbooks . This is just a disgrace .
 Tool 's last album was released in the middle of May , 2001 . It is now the end of December , 2005 . Maynard took a break to tour for a Perfect Circle and do vocals for Thirteenth Step and eMOTIVe , quite possibly the most brilliant musical albums ever to exist . The rest of the band members , however , have been somewhat stagnant , and message boards across the interweb have at this point reached a fever pitch waiting for a new album to come out.So , what do bands do in this day and age , to throw a bone to the fans to get them to shut up while they can work on a new album ? Simple -- they release a DVD . Evanescence did it with Anywhere But Home , a Perfect Circle did it with Emotion , Metallica 's done it ... oh , five times by now -- it 's what everyone does these days when they 're expecting a long wait and want to give the fans something
 TOOL decides to release 2 DVD 's for songs from an album that are four years old , five days before Christmas . This is the biggest rip off I 've ever seen . They have put off putting out a live dvd for the past ten years and MJK keeps feeding us this crap that the diehard fans will buy . I for one wo n't support this .
 Moaning and more moaning . One long remix that drags on and you 're like `` ok , it has to get better . '' It 's terrible and I do mean horrible ! Video is cool like always and the new graphics are cool for the 2 seconds they last . This will not wet anyone 's appetite for their new album . This is not Tool people ! This is Lustmord ! Do not buy this for the remix as it is unbearable .
 you have to buy two seperate dvd 's to get everything ?? what a bitch ! and some places are selling them for 10 bucks a pop . what a rip off ! for the combined cost of both of these dvd 's you should be getting a hell of a lot more than this . I 'd pay 6-7 bucks for both dvd 's combined but for just one , screw that . . these videos have been available on the net for download for years . . go make yourself a vcd of them and save your money . . i find it insulting they put this crap out and right before christmas none the less
 It was a total waste of money and the most expensive CAT TOY my pets have . . at least they enjoyed it -LRB- playing with it not watching it -RRB- ... I ordered this Dvd for my husband who LOVES Tool ... it has one video -LRB- a very boring one -RRB- the same video with a lame voice over and something that amounted to a mantra that we didnt finish watching ... and no special features ... . Oh BTW we will NEVER by another DVD by this band ... and next time i 'll read the review before buying a music dvd .
 I find it insulting that TOOL released each video on seperate DVD 's , and that they have the nerve to charge $ 10 dollars for each . There 's only one video , a commentary -LRB- not by the band ? -RRB- , and a lone remix . You guys are clueless if you do n't see the greed in this !! Let me guess , the next album is gon na be sold song by song and we are gon na have to buy 12 or 13 cd 's with one song on each , and only then will we have the entire album . I bought Salival 5 years ago and payed $ 27 dollars for 5 videos , an entire album of live and unreleased tracks , and a beautiful presentation in the artwork . I love these videos and think the band 's music is amazing , but I will not buy into this obvious greed ! Think for yourself !
 Let 's make this short . First , if you are a fair weather fan , do n't waist the money . This is only one track and not worth it . This is a good song off an album that is loosing it 's zip . The video is a standard tool video , claymation and bizarre images . However , other than the first track , the rest is just a waste of time and money . The audio comentary is not funny , and makes tool look like fools -LRB- but with a some of my money , and me feeling used . -RRB- The bonus remix is nothing but an extension 8 minutes of ambient noise before the same song . If you want real trance like meditation like music , listen to Neurosis , they have been doing this for 15 years and are a lot better at it . Tool better have a heck of a next album to dig themselves out of this embarassment . The only reason I do not give this a 1 is that this video is nice to have near salival in my collection .
 I am completely upset with Tool at this pont for two reasons # 1 this should cost 1-3 dollars max ! or they should put -LRB- and easily could have -RRB- allot more on it ! what gives ? becoming part of the corporate machine that has so easily copied there every move and exact sound !!! SIMPLY PUT THIS WAS A RIPOFF ! do not waste your hardearned money . This comes from a very oldschool hardcore Tool fan , that has been sickened by this purchase . Another thing that bothers me is that Jello would let himself be part of such a ripoff , all though he may not have know or meant it to be 2 -RRB- TOOL has fallen asleep in they 're own little world , do they not realize that there sound has become the flavor of the week and that every new band has there sound , music style * maybe no there intelligence but that makes it worse ! I feel they reached there peak on Aenima and should 've done themselves a favor either call it quits and start something fresh , or do something new and stop working with the formula they know works and sells -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- did they sell me ? all a lie ? another fake ? if they keep it up they too will ruin everything they accomplished similiar to how the once great and might mecrapplica -LRB- mettallica and went money / video/money crazy and started selling such garbage that it completely ruined everrything thay had achieved -LRB- let alone how they went after the napseters etc.after they wouldnt even exist if it where not for the tape traders ! NOTE TO TOOL
 Allthough the paper sleeve did start a fire ... the DVD Disc does serve well as a `` coaster '' on my coffie table . So far .
 What is this supposed to be ? Now I know these guys are incredible and all but I am totally confused . Maybe if I were ten years younger and stoned / trippin out of my mind it might be a bit more entertaining.Very visual , they really take their time with the cinematography . Commentary is kinda stupid but funny also.Glad I did n't spend very much.They are due for a live performance DVD .
 With the existence of stuff like Lasse Marhaug , mid-era Merzbow , Crash Worship , the Nihilist Spasm band , etc. etc. ad nauseam , one wonders why anyone would bother spending money on a band who does it with such artlessness . Anyone can throw equipment around a studio and howl into a microphone -LRB- and yes , I realize the stupidity of using that argument when trying to distinguish between junk rock bands -RRB- , but for some reason , the Americans just do n't seem to have mastered the art in the same way others have . Perhaps it 's because the Japanese , the Norwegians , et al. do n't record and release without a couple of steps in the middle . When you hear a junk rock release by Merzbow , it 's obvious there was some cleaning , a whole lot of cut-and-paste , and an eye toward the wholeness of a composition involved . With TLASILA , if anything on here had post-production work done to it , or if there were any pre-planning involved , I ca n't hear it.The new listener to junk rock is advised to seek out early Merzbow recordings -LRB- Merzbox Sampler contains a number of tracks from that era , and is much more avaliable than most of his early stuff is in its original form -RRB- or the recent Jazzkammer disc Hot Action Sexy Karaoke for a much better example of what can be accomplished by breaking stuff .
 Wow this is easily some of the worst `` smooth jazz '' cheese I have ever heard . True jazz folks must be rolling in their graves .
 Where do I start ? Some of the worst musicianship I have ever heard . The guitar solos are so horrible , they almost sound like an attempt at humour . Particularly in the opening track , `` While Mortals Watch the Day '' . The drumming is also way below acceptable , making the entire band sound very un-polished . The riffs are not tight , repetitive and mundane . It does provide comedic entertainment value , however , thus earning two stars .
 That Rock guy hit it right on the head . This is one of the very worst attempts at metal , or music for that matter , that I 've heard in a long while . The drumming is lousy , and the solos are the biggest jokes I 've ever heard . The songs are WAY too long -LRB- and I say that because it 's too many minutes of bad music ... personally I like long , GOOD , epic songs -RRB- . In short , this band is even funnier that Spinal Tap because unlike Tap , they are actually trying to take themselves seriously . Spend your money on a Death CD , or try to track down Cynic 's CD `` Focus . ''
 A good selection of classics that children will recognize - singing along is encouraged by the children 's chorus . Helpful liner notes discussing the history of nursery rhymes and lyric sheet included.Although the singing is quite good , the accompanying music is awful - a single keyboard attempts to stand in for all the instruments and effectively cheapens the entire production , making it sound amateurish and flat - simple piano or acoustic guitar would 've been a huge improvement . Children deserve better than this -LRB- as do parents who will inevitably have to listen to this too -RRB- .
 Beign a fan of acoustic or electro acoustic guitars made me buy this album . I have a good collection of CD 's by such guitar greats as Steve Hackett , Anthony Phillips , Paco de Lucia , Andres Segovia , Strunz & Farah , Ottmar Leibert , Peter White , Earl Klugh among others . This has to be the worst guitar album in history . The whole CD sounds like a musician practicing or trying to tune the guitar . It like a warm up that never gets going . And the quality of the recording is so bad , that sounds like an amateur was in charge . Stay away from this CD and from this artist .
 this was the worst cd ive heard in months if there is someone on your christmas list you do n't like , buy this cd for them
 Where do I start ? Some of the worst musicianship I have ever heard . The guitar solos are so horrible , they almost sound like an attempt at humour . Particularly in the opening track , `` While Mortals Watch the Day '' . The drumming is also way below acceptable , making the entire band sound very un-polished . The riffs are not tight , repetitive and mundane . It does provide comedic entertainment value , however , thus earning two stars .
 That Rock guy hit it right on the head . This is one of the very worst attempts at metal , or music for that matter , that I 've heard in a long while . The drumming is lousy , and the solos are the biggest jokes I 've ever heard . The songs are WAY too long -LRB- and I say that because it 's too many minutes of bad music ... personally I like long , GOOD , epic songs -RRB- . In short , this band is even funnier that Spinal Tap because unlike Tap , they are actually trying to take themselves seriously . Spend your money on a Death CD , or try to track down Cynic 's CD `` Focus . ''
 I understand that this music may have sentimental value to those out there that grew up on it , but for those of us that did n't , it 's excruciating . My 18 month old son seems to like it and I like the values and lessons that Palmer conveys , so I did n't give this 1 star . Palmer sounds like he is stoned out of his mind and the songs are slow and repetitive . When a kid discovers music that he/she likes , they want to listen over and over and over again . The best children 's music should be at least minimally palatable to parents . This is not , unless the parent has a sentimental attachment .
 To tell you the truth , I was a bit disappointed hearing Gil Parris ' new album . I liked his brilliant debut cd , but this album is full of electronic drums and programmed basses which does n't fit Gil 's style . He is a guy who needs real musicians and instruments . And why on earth is he doing a new version of an old song ? Bad taste . The feel and the chops are completely gone . O yes , on ` Blue thumb ' he did a briljant job with ` An ardent man ' , but that was a different approach and arrangement . But on ` Strenght ' he played the old song poorly with a beat arrangement . So , what have we got ? ` Jazz night out ' is a modern twist with a lot of beats and scratches . Average . ` Ibiza ' is a real good song with great chops and a fine electric piano solo by Bob Baldwin . That makes the difference . ` The duck walk ' is saved by Randy Brecker , but again the drum programming sucks . ` Together again ' could have been a fine song with a real drummer . Nice organ though . ` Strength ' is the best song of the album . And ... real live drums and jazz guitar . ` When love was new ' with synth bass and drum programming and played slightly faster compared with the old 1998 version perhaps is good for live gigs but not for a new album . In ` At the metro ' you can here a poor repetition . The worst song of the album . ` If it feels good ' is a feel good song , with a lot of sax and organ and is allright . ` Commitment ' is a slow and nice ballad . ` Your embrace ' had synth bass and drum programming too but played by Michael Colina is better for the ears , although the song is so-so . And so I have to say
 I bought this as a download at iTunes in the hopes of replacing the old Fritz Reiner recording I have . I love Reiner 's interpretation , but the recording itself carries too much white noise , and the subtler tones suffer from too much treble as a result.But `` The Fairy 's Kiss '' on this recording leaves much to be desired . Some people love live recordings . I do not . It is a rare live recording indeed that I find acceptable . I see no reason to have to re-live some anonymous audience member 's cough . But beyond the usual random background noises common to most live recordings , there is also the matter of vibrato being used on the French Horns . Whatever person came up with this psychotic idea of turning the Horn into a non-descript brass instrument reminiscent of a saxaphone with a cold , should be sent into exile.But if you 're the type of person who actually likes French Horn vibrato , and you do n't mind the audience noise on top of that , there is still the matter of out-of-tune playing . Perhaps your ears may recover from all of this . Mine did n't . A waste of $ 7.99 . Ah , well .
 Being a Mark Fan for 30 years , I 'm sorry to say I hate this album . You must be in suicide mood to like this kind of stuff.Why want anyone to take a poem on music or spoken words ?
 save your money , not worth it . has a date of 2006 , but is actually from the 80 's . has picture of Merrill , Jay , and Wayne on hte back from today , but video is of Alan , Wayne , and Merrill . half of video is not even of the Osmonds , and it is only a 60 minute video ! RIP OFF !!
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 I ca n't beleive people on this site take this band 's music seriously this is total noise.What the hell is wrong with you people.This band is sick and nasty for the sake of getting attention.The-y have nothing important to say or Growl about.The guitars areweak and annoying.The people that say this band have talent orjust as stupid this is nonsense , Barnes might as well speak inspanish , it 's almost like these death bands are trying to make uptheir own languege.Now I do n't have a problem with death metal.Ilike some.But this is annoying music with sadstic , nasty , perverselyrics that will only appear to stupid,pot-smokin , a ** holes whodo n't know what true metal is.Now as far as death metal that isactually good-Barnes later project Six Feet Under and Obituarythat is all.Listen to those bands do n't waste time with this over-hyped band that are about as listenable as fingers down a chalkboard or even worse rap music -LRB- well maybe not that bad -RRB- .
 this is the sign of the apocolypse . this cd is unbelievbly bad . this band and thier fans should be slaughtered . look at the lyrics . people like this deserve to be killed and put into hell . every one of the songs about having sex with dead children . absolutley disgusting .
 I 've never heard a funnier album than this ... all the songs sound the exact same ... you do n't know what they 're saying at all . . it fits the stereotype that all death metal has ... . just screaming with no talent.There 's no talent to be found on this album . It 's just song writing with the sickest , most vile thoughts imaginable . Anyone could write something like this.The lead singer could be saying `` Have sex with dead people '' or `` kill your dog with an axe '' you really ca n't tell ... and that 's what 's funny about it . All this band does is think of the most disgusting thing ever and write about it ... it 's a cheap way of getting people to like them . When you listen to this band you think that they 're are joking cuz there 's no way on earth that a band could be this bad . It 's horrid . It has very simple song writing and musically it sucks . But if you see it at a flea market for like 25 cents then buy it cuz you 'll need to listen to this if you 're feeling down.And let 's face it , without this band we would n't have those sweet `` my anger is too complicated for you to understand '' kids who dress in all black to make fun of . And not to mention the girls with the died black hair and fishnets.Those people are so rad .
 Man , this cd and ALL of Cannibal Corpse 's cds SUCK ! The beats are extremely repetitive and are completely lousy , the guitar riffs are even worse , the lyrics are beyond disgusting , the lead `` singer '' ca n't scream well at all and when when he trys it sounds like he 's got a sh -- load of food in his mouth . Most christian heavy-metal groups blow this crap away ! To give you a short list , Living Sacrifice , Zao , Extol , Project-86 , Blindside , P.O.D. , Eternal Decision , Piller , Embodyment and Travail . If you ever some how get a hold of this cd , first smash the hell out of it with a sledgehammer and burn it !!! Peace .
 I 'm sorry , but just read the titles to the songs . Seriously . Are these kids 9 or 10 ? Adults , are they ? Oh . It 's not so funny anymore . Now it 's just sad . These ` duuuuudes ' sound like they 're foaming at the mouth or something . This is n't death metal . This is n't even music ... If you really want death metal , check out Fear Factory , In Flames , Opeth , Sepultura , Gardenian , Soilwork , Entombed , even Eminem . He 's more ` death metal ' than this tripe . Who listens to this ? Fear Factory 's first album is death metal , too . It 's intelligent , diverse , and to the point . Its lyrics are actually good , too . Oh , and it 's heavier than this crap . If you feel you must listen to death metal , why not listen to that ?
 This is purely a waste of life . Avoid !
 Why do n't you try Blue Oyster Cult , Gypsy , Nuada , or almost any other neo Pagan music rather than touting the destruction of women , through the white man 's rape music?You are right , this is yet more Christian music advocating the continued murder rap -LRB- e -RRB- and mutilation of women for the entertainment of men , which is what the Big Three Male God religions are based on and why the Earth is almost in ruins , as She is plundered and raped and used by men and their selfish purposes , and their never ending wars of pointless religious fundamentalism.Return to the Mother religion , the Paganism of old , before it is too late - return to woman worship , it is what you really need and want , confused men . Stop singing the never ending songs that are all alike - and are going to mean the death of the Earth and all her children , and beginsinging the songs of life , which do include death , as it is a PART OF LIFE , naturally - not some sick aberration - to be celebrated and accepted as a natural part of life , like sex , joy birth pain and all parts of life.NO matter what our gender , orientation , we are all spirits in flesh , and this life is finite , so enjoy it for what it is , do not make it into something it is not - yes , you are right , if you want out , then leave , and become another life form already , but do n't keep selling your sadism to the youth - otherwise celebrate what you have . Go to the sacredgrove if you wish to learn morehigh and mighty men.Take good care of your acacia tree . Constant death songs will bring permanent death to the Earth , our Mother.Women of the sacredgrove .
 This CD definitely lies directly on the line of being average . The instrumentals are okay , but nothing too technically complex . Barnes ' vocals include a unique grindcore style and are actually sort of impressive at times.Still , though , the album gets to sound a bit too much alike when attempting to listen the whole way through . After awhile , it gets a bit dissappointing.I think with a bit more complexity given to the instrumentals and varation in songs , CC could 've had a smash hit CD ... but unfortunately , that 's not how it went ... so I give this album 3 STARS -LRB- once again , not two -RRB- for mediocrity and potential .
 This is my old review of Tomb of the Mutilated : `` I think Barnes ' other band , Six Feet Under , is much better than this . This CD shows no melody whatsoever , just in your face pounding and grunting about digging up bodies and raping them . For some that 's fine in itself , but if you 're going to grunt about necrophelia , at least do it with some emotion . I think it 's great that Barnes left this band and went on with Six Feet Under . If you want good death metal with a melodic beat of sorts , pick up Six Feet Under . If you want in your face grunting and screaming with a steady jackhammer beat , get this instead . `` Okay . You do n't have to tell me that I sound like a huge homo . I do n't believe I was 100 % wrong , but I feel like I should revisit this review and update it . First of all , Six Feet Under is still the better band in my opinion . Why I kept using the word `` melody '' is beyond me since both bands do n't really have melody.And this
 i 'm laughing my ass off ! it 's funny as hell , these idiots giving one star and saying CC is `` disgusting '' `` ca n't understand the growling vocals '' `` not talented '' etc. it 's so funny to me , i 'm skipping reading any review that DOES N'T HAVE A ONE-STAR RATING . all the reasons this band gets dissed for are actually what i like them for . the scariest 1-star rater actually typed something like , `` this band and all their fans should be slaughtered . '' almost sounds similar to a lyric Chris Barnes -LRB- the growler on this album , for the idiots -RRB- might write , in fun of course .
 First off I would prefer to give this c.d. no stars at all , since that 's not an option , I had to settle for one . As a woman I am appauled at the graffic topics disscussed on this c.d. I give props to all the guys who had enough balls to say that it is a disgusting display of pure mental sickness . I find this album extremely offending , which is hard to do . I am not offended by many things . This entire album displays an extreme distaste and lack of deep meaningful , relevant subjects to sing about . Frankly , I believe it shows a huge level of immaturity , get your priorities straight . Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE this type of music , but spend your money on something more worth it . Perhaps , spineshank , machine head , pantera or sepultura . So do yourself a favor and get a life , or maybe a real hobby . Let 's get real here people . Where 's the good metal at ?
 If you 're reading these reviews , you 're likely considering purchasing this album . If so , please avail yourself of this Cliff Notes version first : Thrashing haphazardly at the guitars like a seizuring epileptic , smashing the drums like an unmedicated sociopath , growling something indistinguishable regarding blood and vaginas , rinse , repeat.Thank you , and please enjoy your purchase !
 `` Amazing beyond measurement ? '' Are you kidding ? HAve you lost your mind ? This CD is very bad , disgusting , poor .
 Now I 'm not one of those hyper conservative people who thinks music influences people , but that cover art is just plain fricken disgusting , I mean , seriously , it 's almost as bad as the music.The music sucks . Poser gore crap . Listen to Death and Obituary for death metal instead .
 this album in my opinon at least is their worst , the singer is absolutly HORRIBLE ! ~ ~ ~ DONT BUY THIS ALBUMYOU WOULD THANK ME LATTER , JUST LISTEN TO THE SAMPLES OR EVEN GET THE SONGS FROM THE INTRNET KAZA I JUST ONE OF MANY COICHES
 People , get a life.Cannibal Corpse are not talented.The song names are ridiculous.Who the heck would have songs names like `` I *** Blood '' , `` Addicted To *** Skin '' , or -LRB- OMG -RRB- `` Entrails Ripped From a Virgin 's *** '' . Anyone can scream , so why pay good money to hear these fools?Hope this helped.Peace Out .
 Who could like this crap ? You should be locked up even for suggessting some of the stuff they sing about . For example , the song `` Necropedophile '' goes into great detail about how the lead singer has sex with the dead bodies of small children . Not only does he sing about it , he does it so graphically that you wonder how truly demented this guy is . Almost all the songs involve the rape and torture of women and just horrid graphic content . And like most people complain about CC , their drumming sucks , the vocals are more like low rumble grunts and the 2 power chorde songs lack any types of musicianship . You should be ashamed to listen to this stuff . You are admitting that you are just as twisted as the people who sing it . The fact that people like this live in the world makes you realize that the world has reached a new level of deprevity .
 These guys are a joke . The lead singer does n't even sing at all and the guitar sucks . They have no talent at all . Anyone can scream and yell and sing like a total idiot . It all sounds the same and it 's pure garbage .
 How can someone listen to that ? How can someone even think about producing that ? It 's pure garbage , played by musicians -LRB- ? -RRB- who are talking to you like
 I like a wide variety of music , but honestly i find death metal somewhat unlistenable . No offense , but I really do n't like the growling as vocals . The lyrics are stupid but that 's not even the problem . I 'm not one of those people who says `` Death metal is disgusting and is just noise '' . I definitely respect it as music . I guess death metal is just a bit too extreme for me , I really ca n't stand those vocals . I do n't mean that theres no talent here , because there definitely is . There are n't any nu-metal 2 and 3 chord riffs here , the songs are complex and technical . These guys are great at what they do , which is to play death metal , it 's just not my style . If you like death metal , you will probably like them . I respect them , but I think I 'll stick to thrash , power and progressive metal . Seeya later
 Cannibal Corpse is okay if you want to hear some ridiculously funny lyrics about necrophilia and extreme sadomasochism -LRB- well , you ca n't really understand what Barnes is saying , so you have to read it out of the liner notes -RRB- , but their music is so shambled it 's amazing that they , or any other traditional death metal band can get a record deal . Very fast , yes . Organized ? No . It sounds like they walked into the studio , started playing random guitar chords , and had Paul beat the hell out of his drumset , and add Barnes ' animalistic death growl . Like I said , the lyrics are hilarious if you 've got a sick mind , but the music is n't anything to brag about . But they 're better than Mortician . The only Corpse album I can stand is The Bleeding .
 I love death metal but this honestly sucks . it is uncomplicated and the lyrics are a joke . I must admit that chris barnes has some throat , but i can also say that Suffocation , Nile , Broken Hope Cryptopsy and Monstrosity do this stuff with faster beats , more complicated riffs and drums and better lyrics
 Anyone who listens to this trash is demented . Yes , the music is half-way decent , but the lyrics should be an insult to anyone with a heartbeat . A `` person '' who thinks a song like necropedophile is cool , is in need of help , and you need to grow up . It is not cool . It is sick , and it makes me wonder if those of you who like songs like this , also molest children . For their lyrics alone Cannibal Corpse sucks . I will stick with great bands like Crimson Thorn , Corpse , and Living Sacrifice .
 If `` Cannibal Corpse '' is serious , then I feel sorry for them . If they 're not taking themselves seriously , then THIS IS GENIUS ! This is super-funny stuff ! I mean , I Cum Blood ? What in the hell is that ? that 's the dumbest thing I 've ever heard ! Halarious . On the other hand , if these mutant mullet-headed , reebok hightop and jean jacket wearing greaseball thugs who are using up precious oxygen think that a collection of cacophonic noodlings that sound like a grizzly bear got caught in a combine on AM radio think this is music , then they need to run , not walk , immediately to the nearest freeway and lay down in the path of a speeding truck and cease to exist so we can move on . Grow up you idiots . Garbage .
 Stay away from this piece of nasty music . This is the kind of stuff that will put real metal underground forever
 I 'm not stereotyping this album according to a genre . Read my other CC reviews , some are quite different than this . But the fact remains , this album is terrible . With the exception of the awesome guitarwork in Hammer Smashed Face and the better production of the instruments , there are no positive aspects . The vocals are worse than on any album CC has done and sometimes do n't even line up with the music , as if there was a major tracking error during recording . The solos are sloppy and the riffs in general are unrefined . The lyrics/song titles are at the peak of perversion , though it 's impossible to understand them without a lyric sheet . Even if you 're a huge CC/death metal fan , avoid this album like the plague . Buy the Bleeding or Vile .
 In any decent society Cannibal Corpse would have cut one demo and then been laughed onto the streets . However , given that there will always be a market for sick and unpleasant -LSB- stuff -RSB- they seem to have found a very lucrative little niche . Before anyone starts waffling on with the tired old argument that ` This band are just too extreme for you , you ca n't handle them ; why do n't you go back to Enya you ... -LRB- sic -RRB- etc ' I 'd like to say
 The newer stuff is so much better than this . I bought this cause of Hammer Smashed Face and after that track I was totally diappointed , the rest just does n't live up to my expectations . If you like this type of music , pick up some newer stuff like GALLERY OF SUICIDE .
 This stuff is Crazy , Crazy , Crazy , abnormal and intense , the guitar sound is surprisingly tight . But the vocal are loooooowww . Probably the lowest Chris Barnes does . Too bad they could n't get along with him . Next to Butchered at Birth , this is the 2nd best album .
 When I purchased this disc I was expecting it to sound more like their other cd Adiago . It has quite a different sound and feel to it . If you are looking for some heavy electronic music then you will enjoy this but for me thats not what I was looking for .
 ... This is a remarkably weak album , somewhat avant-garde certainly , experimental up to a point , yes . However the music never seems to get anywhere interesting and lost my attention after only three listens of the disc . I can appreciate the effort invested by the Mortal in attempting to expand their musical/emotional range , but in terms of providing music rich in thematic development and a well-grounded , engaging overall impression this , sadly , can only be called a failure . This feeling is only magnified when listening back to the earlier work to provide comparison - the difference in quality so great I ca n't help wondering how on Earth the band themselves could have bought themselves to release such a bland and one-sided body of workIt is sadly ironic that the most interesting material tends to recall ` Painting on Glass ' and ` In this Room ' . Of course I must concede I may be somehow missing the ` point ' of what 3 & M have actually set out to achieve with this one , therefore I abstain ultimate judgement ... but still ... I really do n't like this . Not at all .
 I bought it experimentally , and I have to say there is about one good track on the whole thing ! A lot of it seems like non-sensical noise to me -LRB- and I 'm a fan of experimental too so it 's not like I do n't like that sort of thing -RRB- !
 nothing records was n't `` scared '' of this album . it left trent reznor 's hands bearing a Post-It note saying `` no commercial potential . '' yes , of course a few people might like it , but this album had no future of securing any serious following or profits for that matter . concept albums hardly ever see a profit . despite these facts , it 's just not a good album . the content is cliche .
 This CD is an environmentalist 's best friend ! I am now a big fan of plastics being recycled and used for better things , such as bedpans .
 Tiresomely derivative as ` the blue mask ' remained tenaciously fastened to his fevered brow . Sublime moments less in evidence on this sadly final outing , and shrouded by a supine fog .
 I too love both Alabama and religious music . This CD is not their best work . Apparently this type of music does not respond well to their talents . Having played this CD a number of times and given it every chance , I will now donate it to a charitable organization .
 I am very disappointed in this Alabama CD . It is not the Alabama quality or sound that they are known so well for . There is no heart in this CD . Randy Owens sounds like he could n't care less . He said that it took 3 months to make this CD . Maybe he should n't have rushed !
 The group Alabama ha always been a favorite of mine . However , this CDis not their best work . I was disappointd in it and expected much more than I heard . I think this is just not their genra .
 Too freaky , too demonic , too disturbing . I only ordered it so that I could watch Rob Zombie move . He must be the sexiest man alive . If I had been able to download a sample of this product , I would not of ordered it . Perhaps twenty years ago it would have appealed to me .
 For some unknown reason , Rob Zombie seems to revisit his old songs and then issue three slightly different versions of the same song and puts each re-mix on some movie soundtrack or compilation CD . Then he re-issues the original old album at twice the price with a few re-mixed songs added and Zombie hopes that he still has enough dumb fans out there to keep him making millions.Most creative artists who have something left in the tank are busy making new music , but Rob Zombie just concentrates on doing re-mixes of all of his hits from the past . In this new re-mixed CD , apparently Rob Zombie completely ran out of any musical energy he had left and none of the songs are re-mixed . This time Zombie just re-shot some of the videos . This CD has two new videos of his old songs . From what I can see , four of the songs from the original CD were cut out to make room for all of the old videos and the video re-mixes . So if you never have seen all the videos , or if you really want to see them over and over again , then this steaming hot pile is for you . Otherwise , spend your money on something fresh and new by anybody who still has some creative integrity .
 It 's just plain not good !! ... At least it is not worth the price . I only wished I could 've sampled it at the store before making the purchase . the selections are boring , disc 2 is a bit better than the first one , but still , it did n't meet my expectation . I was so embarrassed -LRB- bored -RRB- while listening to it with my friends and had to either skip tracks or just stop playing . It says 2003 , yet still contain some old tracks -LRB- at least they are better -RRB- . If you are going to play it at a loud work shop or garage , this set of CDs might be okay . Buy it at your own risk !!
 ... It sounds like one of those bad remixes of late '80 early ' 90 . Second disc has a bit more energy in it here and then , but it is boring seeing as a whole concept . The only track which cheered me up a bit on first cd was the Streets . But I 'll advise you get the `` Original Pirate Material '' instead ... Caution advised !
 This CD is an environmentalist 's best friend ! I am now a big fan of plastics being recycled and used for better things , such as bedpans .
 Update -LRB- 8/04 -RRB-
 This is the well known Metal Blade re-mixes of `` Lightning To The Nations '' . This is overly polished , clean sounding , has riffs chopped off , and has very little of the rawness and power of the original -LRB- LTTN -RRB- . Also , do n't buy the Metal Blade versions of LTTN . Either buy the vinyl , which was pressed in Germany or the blank-cover version . I hate to say this , but Metal Blade ruined a masterpeace . Anyway , find the High Vaultage version of LTTN and you will definitely be satisfied as it was mastered directly from the FIRST vinyl pressing . If you do not believe me , check out Metal Maniacs issue -LRB- Nov 98 I think . . -RRB- and you will read more about it .
 when pitchshifter announced that they would release a new cd , i already thought i would be something like this . but psi is even worse than my low expectations . while i was pretty disappointed with the change they made on pitchshifter.com/deviant there were still enough good songs to keep them at least decent , listenable albums . after listening to psi a couple of times , there was not one song that stuck in my head . it is actually funny looking at the booklet and seing pitchshifter , who once played a caustic aggressive industrial metal , reminiscent of godflesh and ministry , now turned out looking like korn . to keep it short
 Please note that this page does not say anything about needing a special CD player to play this CD . It requires the use of a DTS decoder which is not on most common CD players . Not even my DVD player can play it ! Now I ca n't return it because the CD has been opened . What a waste of money .
 This CD is for digital surround sound and will not work without a decoder.I have tried this CD in every type of player and it will not play . I suggest you buy a version that does not require a decoder .
 This album is terrible . A true horror to my ears , but perhaps I am simply jaded by good metal , from Black to Death to Doom to Gothic , and even some metalcore hybrids and certain grindcore releases . I think it 's the fact that I adored their earlier release `` Gothic '' , which might be one of the best and most brutal pieces of dark music in metal . It is completely exeptable to cover new ground in music , but at least allow those new grounds to be in the same universe , or just change the band name all together , because this is false advertizing at it 's most disgusting . It angers me how artists can lose their nerve this severely , comparable only to Katatonia , Anathema , and Theatre of Tragedy in their genius at first listen and overall abandonment to commercialist foregrounds later . I suppose Samael is n't much better either . Even if you do n't enjoy extreme music like I do , and I am tame compared to some , explore other avenues of listening , or do n't say you like metal at all.If , God forbid , you do enjoy this piece of s@3!, check out the later works of the above listed bands as well . They are sure to amuse ! If not , give `` Gothic '' , `` Ceremony of Opposites '' , and `` Brave Murder Day '' , a chance . These releases are superior , and will be more palatable to a true metal enthusiast .
 The same song over and over and over with very little variation . had I know how bad this CD was I NEVER would have bought it . A waste of money
 Live Undead is n't a must have to be in your collection of Slayer albums . This record only provides evidence of the greedy Metal Blade record label . Some people say that they threw in an audience sample afterwards to create a fake live album . Well it is and it is n't . This is n't a concert , but it 's a real audience . This is slayer simply rehearsing 7 of their songs from Show No Mercy and Haunting the Chapel and they brought about 20 or more fans into the studio or whatever to hear them play . On the plus side , several of these songs are played better than the originals , however the production is terrible . A possible reason for this is that Brian Slagel and Metal Blade released this without permission from Slayer , at the time they knew nothing about it . What is here is early slayer , just beginning to develop their true sound , but it 's only 23 minutes in length and Metal blade is asking 17 dollars for it ? But as fellow reviewer FU2 put it , Here 's what they should have done , take all four Metal blade releases , remaster them , maybe add some bonus tracks and release them as 2 discs with maybe Show No Mercy/Haunting the Chapel and Hell Awaits/Live Undead or something similar . But here is the real kicker about this record that is my biggest complaint . On most early versions -LRB- Vinyl and first CD release and some Imports -RRB- there is a redone version of CHEMICAL WARFARE as a untitled track with better quality than the original that can no longer be found on this release . Why ? I have no idea.If you are planning to get this , chances are you are a fanatic , and personally , this is the only slayer release that I have yet to see in a CD store . I recommend finding this off eBay , and maybe the Vinyl version as that is a picture disc and is a really cool thing to look at and features the picture on the back of the case with the band playing but with a hole in Tom 's face for the record player.I give this two stars because this is n't worth the price that they are asking for . This is listenable but there are plenty of other bootlegs out there with more songs if that is what you are looking for , because that is exactly what this is . Metal blade 's cash in on Slayer because as I stated before , Slayer knew nothing about this until it was released . I could n't possibly give anything from Slayer a One star because that just does n't seem possible , as the talent is present , but this thing just does n't have very good sound and is n't worth the price and once again , only for fanatics . Hoped this helped.Interesting fact
 Cannibal Corpse debut infection on the metal underground that inexplicably sold bucket loads of cd 's . It does n't surprise me that these non-musicians sold lots of discs . It does n't surprise me that the `` music '' contained here , is some of the absolute WORST metal songwriting ever attempted ; 2/3 chord metal played super fast with THE LAMEST excuse for a vocalist burping out so called lyrics . And it does n't surprise me that the so-called musicians playing , probably could n't play out of a paper bag . The drumming is all on beat , showing how completely inept this guy is as a drummer . NO variations on rhythms and just absolutely dreadful execution . What does surprise me is that this band CONTINUES to pound out the same crap disc after disc after monotonous disc . After the 2nd equally putrid disc , you 'd think this band would 've upped and shriveled away , but 6 or 7 cd 's later , and these guys are still going strong . You get exactly the same thing again and again ; gross cover art , near-pornographic/violent lyrics and crap songwriting . This time , the joke 's on us . And the band is laughing all the way to the bank .
 1st of all the 2 stars are for the cover and lyrics . The music totally sucks . Chris sounds like he 's coughing if anything . If you want to start a C.Corpse collection , you should just skip this one all together . If you dont have any of the albums , you should do what I did
 The main reason corpse is so popular is because of the splatter fest covers and lyrics , not because of musical ability . For instance , Paul Mazurkiewitz never uses double bass at at all , and never does a decent fill . However mike smith on suffocations effigy uses nonstop bass rolls and also has some very unorthodox fills . For guitar the riffs are fast but still could be acomplished by nigel of BUSH . on effigy , the riffs are extremely fast and comlicated while using polyrhythms . Get suffocation or cryptopsy , forget cannibal corpse .
 This album marked the beginning of the end for respectable American death metal and for some reason started an awful trend that set the states firmly behind places like Sweden , Norway , Holland , England , and many others as far as creativity and originality in the genre . CC takes what bands like Death , Autopsy , and Obituary worked so hard to build and spits in their faces . This album is heavy for the sake of being heavy , extreme for the sake of being extreme , fast for the ... well you get the picture . It just has an overall conterfeit feel to it . Following this release bands like Suffocation , Broken Hope , and countless others relentlessly recorded track after track of unimaginitive extreme -LSB- music -RSB- with choppy gruff bear chanting vocals , awful chugging guitar cords and equally annoying blasts of drums . This was what forced me out of the entire scene due to pure bordom and annoyance . Thank god for bands like In Flames , Dark Tranquility , Immortal , and At The Gates who continue to push the boundaries of death metal wile -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- introducing new ideas and adding melody and actual strong structures . Please do n't view this album -LRB- or any other modern style American death metal album -RRB- as an example . Either go to the classics or go for the new stuff . The early 90 's saw some classic albums but this release marked the beginning of a dark period in death metal history that thankfully has finally passed us by .
 I always have heard about cannibal corpse and seen their t-shirts in every concert that i go but i had never actullie heard any of their stuff so i was like `` why not ? '' so i purchased this album `` eaten back to life '' yesterday for the first time and i thought i would get actullie good deathmetal and true deathmetal substance but what i got was a waste of money and a 6 grade lirycist who probely ca n't spell the word `` good '' . There is n't one high trach here and it gets worse and worse song after sog so please if you see cannibal corpse in the cd store skip it ! Insted go for `` suffocation '' , `` morbid angel '' , `` obituary '' , `` grave '' , and , `` hate-eternal '' and leave cannibal corpse alone ! Laters !!
 I honestly would like to like Cannibal Corpse but I just ca n't , and believe me , I tried . I 'll admit I 'm not really into death metal and I only listened to their samples -LRB- never an entire song throughout -RRB- but this will not do.I like the song titles and the gruesomeness of the lyrics , make no mistake , but everything else is not good.Vocals
 I hope that somebody goes and tells these guys the truth . They are untalented and unlikeable . With any luck , they will stop putting this trash out and go work at McDonald 's . Their Necrophelia obssesion gets old quick , and was never `` shocking '' from the beginning . Anybody could think of these lyrics , probably in 5 minutes . The guitarists are untalented , they play 2 chords and then two simple high-pitched solos . There 's no meaning to this , it 's just plain BAD .
 You know , I actually try to sit down and listen to this music . I try to find something that is good about this album . Interminable instruments banging and slamming all at once without stopping , a singer who groans . I 've tried to find something good with this album , but like before , Cannibal Corpse is a really stupid band ... if you even want to call them a band . If you want REAL death metal , get morbid angel or In Flames ... . Hmm ... should I even rate this album 1 star ???
 this album belongs in hell . seriously . the inhuman growling -LRB- ... -RRB- is appaling ! it as though someones cutting his limbs off one by one ... very slowly . if youre into this kind of thing you really need to get your head checked . or you need to find yourself a girl.distorted guitars playing power chords over pathetic over-chromatised bass lines , topped off with practice session quality drumming and belched screams ... IS NOT MUSIC.if you really wan na get into nihilism ... if you wan na understand the decadence of society ... of modernity ... study satire or read philosophy . dont kill your brian cells by listening to these jokers abusing their instruments -LRB- & vocal cords -RRB- .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- This is what you get when you take too many hits off a crack pipe with your band , TURN IT OFF . Give your little sibling a baseball bat and ask them to bang -LRB- ... -RRB- I 'm sure you will get the same experience listening to this without having to spend the $ $ $ Enjoy .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 everybody / rock your body / everybody / rock your body right / backstreet 's back alright ! GO ON , HAVE YUPPIES READ THIS
 I bought this cd thinking it would sound good . It didnt . And I kicked myself in the A$ $ for wasting 17 bux on this . The production is BAD . the music itself is HORRIBLE . and the VOCALS are among the WORST I have heard . Please do yourself a huge favour and dont give Cannibal corpse your hard earned money . There was clearly no effort put into this album or any cannibal corpse record I have heard . the world is better off without money grabbing bands who put out bad records like this . If its metal you want check out metallica , ac/dc , megadeth , judas priest or iron maiden but stear clear of This or any other cannibal corpse record . Death metal is played out and repetetive . I would suggest burning your money rather than shell it out for this tasteless cd . No sane person can call this good music plain and simple . I still can not believe i bought two cannibal corpse cds -LRB- which I have since gotten rid of thank god -RRB- But then again that is why i wrote this review to warn other people of this bad album before they part with their hard earned money trust me this cd isnt worth a penny . Theres plenty of great music out there you dont need to waste your money on this or any other similiar bands < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < >> >> >> >>
 Even the album cover is sick.Complete disgrace to music just like the rest of these death/black metal bands .
 Back in the summer of 1997 , I went through a crazy -LRB- and now , a bit inexplicable -RRB- phase of being hugely into Cannibal Corpse . I would scour the area record stores for their albums and EPs . This was my third or fourth album purchase of theirs . I never really got into this debut that same way I did , say , Deicide or The Ten Commandments because the production was poor -LRB- only slighly improved on the 2002 remaster -RRB- and the songs were not quite there yet . Some rate this as a great death metal masterpiece -LRB- some meaning few -RRB- but I ca n't see -LRB- hear -RRB- why . Their next album , 1991 's Butchered At Birth was a huge step in the right direction .
 Cannibal Corpse huh ? Yeah , their songs are catchy but I just ca n't respect them . That does n't make this an awful album but it just does n't cut it compared to other metal albums . They 're not original . They 're not `` extreme '' . They 're musicianship is so-so -LRB- and I 'm being nice when I say so-so . I bet no one here has heard of James Murphey or Chuck Schuldiner ... -RRB- . And they 're lyrics ... well , they lack any real form of intelligence -LRB- which can be funny sometimes , do n't get me wrong -RRB- but overall is pretty immature and is the main reason why people look at death metal and think its stupid and disgusting -LRB- when it is n't . Of course ... -RRB- . And it really bothers me when I see review titles like `` This album started death metal !! '' . Not true . That title belongs to bands like DEATH and POSSESED . You want metal thats original , extreme , and has top-notch muscianship ? check out : Cryptopsy-None So VileMorbid Angel-Gateways to AnnihilationDeath-LeprosyDeeds of Flesh-Path of the weakeningCarcass-Reek of Putrifacation -LRB- more grindcore than metal , but its all good , right ? -RRB- Bolt Thrower-War MasterIts not a god awful CD that you must avoid like the plauge as some reviewers would have you think , its just that there is much more intelligent and brutal death metal out there for you to listen to . `` Let the metal flow '' - Chuck Schuldiner R.I.P.
 What the hell is wrong with people who like this lame excuse for a band . Every song sounds the same and the band is a bunch of druged out psycho 's . This is the reason that so many people in this world today are so screwed up .
 this is rediculious and how could someone even make this type of ... -LRB- well it 's not music -RRB- anyway , let alone listen to this crap . Every song sounds the same and god knows why they even put an explicit lyrics sticker on the CD because you ca n't understand a damn thing there sayin ' . Also every beat and guitar riff sound very similar and I do n't know how anyone could tell the difference between each song . I heard this CD from a friend and he and I both turned it off after one song . We were just curious as to what it sounded like and we took it back to the music store an hour after he bought it . Do n't waste your time or money unless you love this weird , crazy , suicidal death music .
 Yeah ok , this is good music . Ahem ! if you want some REAL death metal and not this s ** t then check out At The Gates or Obituary . This is just a waste of your time . Slayer knocks these pansies outta the f**king water !
 Thanks to my intuitions that I 've never bought a CD from this band . I listened to it by a demented friend of mine . THis bands is horrible , there 's not one good song in it .
 Even the album cover is sick.Complete disgrace to music just like the rest of these death/black metal bands.Not one song by these idiots is worth a damn .
 I happen to find Cannibal corpse very disgusting , repulsive , boring and to top it all un-original . I think these guys focus to much on their content , not enaught on their skills to play their instruments right . Dont get me wrong , they are pretty fast but yet boring , reapetative so on so on ... To much Lack of knowledge on how to play their instrument . I want to say this , if c.c. is reading this review ? Stop focus on your lirycs , as well as , your grousome and actullie focus on how to play your instruments please !
 I 'm sorry but I think this cd along with the rest all sound the same . Its all a mile a minute thrashfest . I like death metal but all CC cds sound the same .
 All my friends were telling me that I had to hear this band . They told me that , and I quote , `` THIS IS THE MOST EXTREEEEEEEEME MUSIC EVER !!!! YOU HAVE TO HEAR IT !!!!! '' So I listened to it , expecting heavy , awesome stuff . Instead , I got burped vocals over low , noisy Slayer-wannabe `` music '' . The production made it sound like it was recorded in a trash can . Folks , I -LSB- almost -RSB- hate to break it to you , but this is NOT heavy , scary , or even remotely good . This just sounds like a bunch of third graders messing around on a bunch of instruments . Even death metal fans do n't like it ! If you want to waste -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on something anyone could do , than by all means , buy this waste of plastic.The only thing this `` album '' is good for is a laugh .
 A million years ago there were new bands like the Stones , Beatles , Kinks and Who making new sounds with their electric guitars , and then there was this manufactured phony band called the Monkees who ripped off the whole scene . That 's what Cannibal Corpse is , the Monkees of the death metal scene , coming up with a phony scary image -LRB- that is about as frightening as the Simpsons -RRB- and putting out a Slayer rip-off muffled amateurish noise that 8th graders think is extreme . This is really music for sissy boys . First , the band consists of middle-class suburban guys from upstate NY who thought they could fake it and get away with it . Their lyrics are not extreme , they 're silly , especially when they grunt about things they 'd like to do like killing , raping , slicing etc. . If they 're really Jeffrey Dammer wannabees they would n't just be writing lyrics about it . If these tough dudes were ever in prison like Attica -LRB- especially pretty boy guitarist Pat O'Brien -RRB- they would n't last 5 minutes . So their music sucks , lyrics are ca-ca , and their image is phony . But if you still want to buy this CD , I 'm sure your 8th grade classmates will think you 're cool .
 Unlike wine , this band gets worst and worst with passing time . THis Cd has no innovation at all .
 Ok , lets get something out of the way quickly . Yes the album is dire . The songwriting is utterly banal , the lyrics are splatter nonsense and the execution is thoroughly amateurish . But I 'm beginning to think that Cannibal Corpse are actually far more intelligent than we give them credit for . In discovering a lucrative niche market , they 've basically honed a method of cobbling together an entire album in half a day , which will then go on to sell a hundred thousand copies easily . And all for virtually no musical or intellectual input . Imagine the creative process that goes into producing something like ` Eaten Back To Life ' . It probably breaks down like this
 A music fan from Spring , TX United States was home crying last night because of this CD . These guys are sick . They describe in painful detail of a family being murdered and making love with dead corpses . Musically , it 's okay , and lyrically it 's ridiculous , but they are so over the top gory . These guys need to get a life . Not the heaviest or anything of that short , but they are tied with Pig Destroyer and Agorophobic Nosebleed for sickest bands in the world .
 This is such utter garbage ! Nobody is questioning whether ornot it is seriously accepted ... the music here is such trash itsimpossible not to hate ! Just a complete waste of time and money ... you can love the corpse if you want . I think its lame and pathetic sounding .
 This is so flaming ... I hope you guys use condoms whilst listening to this record together
 Oh please , give me a break.Trying to be scary or something.Immature and stupid is more like it.listen to Suffocation my friends alot more talent .
 This band really , really , REALLY suck . Chris Barnes sounds like he 's having a particularly nasty bout of constipation , from what I can discern from the incomprehensible grunting and snorting . The background music never varies , and sounds identical from song to song , which , coupled with the awful singing , creates the effect of the same song being copied and pasted to fill up a disc and packaged with different names.But the really awful part of Cannibal Corpse is the lyrics . Necrophilia , rape and mutilation are the order of the day . And people actually find this drivel funny ? Tell me , please , what is so damn hilarious about a woman being flung through a windscreen , being impaled on a roadsign , and her unborn baby slopping onto the road ? Or a man shoving a knife up a girls private parts ? This is neither funny nor clever . These guys are sick , twisted neanderthals . For all those people who say that you have to ignore the terrible grunting and sick lyrics to `` Understand what death metal is all about '' , this is not death metal . This is n't even music . It 's a group of talentless sickos thumping out as much noise as they can and calling it music . I 'd rather be ignorant -LRB- by your standards -RRB- than be a Cannibal Corpse fan .
 I imagine how Cannibal Corpse was created . It was more or less like this
 This is by far the worst music group I have ever listened to.Not one song that they sing talks about anything besides death , that is why they call it death metal.Death metal is the worst type of rock music out there.Avoid this CD at all costs.I hope this review was helpful.Peace Out .
 Eaten Back to Life could be called the bridge from thrash metal to death metal , except it is n't quality . Most of the riffs sound as though they were stolen from an old Slayer or Metal Church album and the solos are sloppy . Worst of all are the vocals , which are mostly evil grunting . I actually found some of the songs to be pretty cool despite all of this , such as Born in a Casket , Edible Autopsy , and Buried in a Backyard . If you can handle the sometimes revolting lyrics or are into death metal , you 'll probably enjoy it more than I did .
 Once you 've heard one Cannibal Corpse song , you 've basically heard them all . They 're all the same , they 're all loud and annoying , and they make my ears ring . I 'm so sick of punks at school telling me I have to stop listening to the music I really like just to start listening to this pathetic , blaring , annoying , horrible garbage . The ` singer ' only screams like some kind of animal and I ca n't understand anything he \ she says , not that I give a **** . Bands like this make all music look bad , and anyone who thinks these idiots are good needs to go get their head examined thoroughly . I have much better things to be doing right now than reviewing , but it just makes me mad that this trash even sells so well and that the dumb brains of society keep buying it and trying to encourage actual MUSIC fans to listen to it with them . I actually like rock , and to some extent , light heavy metal , but this is ridiculous . I actually begged this one guy at school to burn me a Cannibal Corpse CD and kept on begging him for weeks and weeks and weeks , until he finally burned it , and I put it in my CD player , and just about smashed it . My ears were ringing , the neighbors came and complained , they told my mom and she got mad , and then I got grounded . This is a message to Cannibal Corpse
 Bashing gay cannibal corpse is quite fun ... I 've listing to this crap and makes me laugh so damn hard and yes it is ripping off alot of early 80 's thrash bands smh.Any one in their right mind and who apreciates real metal and deathmetal should not like cannibalickers corpse at all ... Unless your a poser . Cannibal corpse 's `` eaten back to life '' is a disgrace to deathmetal in general . Ripping off thrash bands wont make you a true metalhead .
 Wow , people call this music?Here is a review broken down : Musically-The guitar and drum rythym slightly changes every few songs.Lyrically-Well the lyrics never change just disturbing and always about gore.Though you cant understand anything coming out of his mouth , if you get to reading lyrics you find it extremely sick.I think death metal as a whole is distgusting , but this is pathetic.So if you like people beating the hell out the drums -LRB- every song -RRB- , same old guitar notes , and the vocalist screaming at the top of his lungs every track then this is the group for you.Why I give it 1 star or any stars at all , cuz it got my attention with the grotesque cover and name , so i 'll give em ' that .
 This album is terrible . A true horror to my ears , but perhaps I am simply jaded by good metal , from Black to Death to Doom to Gothic , and even some metalcore hybrids and certain grindcore releases . I think it 's the fact that I adored their earlier release `` Gothic '' , which might be one of the best and most brutal pieces of dark music in metal . It is completely exeptable to cover new ground in music , but at least allow those new grounds to be in the same universe , or just change the band name all together , because this is false advertizing at it 's most disgusting . It angers me how artists can lose their nerve this severely , comparable only to Katatonia , Anathema , and Theatre of Tragedy in their genius at first listen and overall abandonment to commercialist foregrounds later . I suppose Samael is n't much better either . Even if you do n't enjoy extreme music like I do , and I am tame compared to some , explore other avenues of listening , or do n't say you like metal at all.If , God forbid , you do enjoy this piece of s@3!, check out the later works of the above listed bands as well . They are sure to amuse ! If not , give `` Gothic '' , `` Ceremony of Opposites '' , and `` Brave Murder Day '' , a chance . These releases are superior , and will be more palatable to a true metal enthusiast .
 I have been looking for an instrumental - preferably orchestral - of Phantom of the Opera . I was looking forward to a Piano rendition , but was disapointed with the artistic quality of these Artists . This is nothing better than elevator music . I was severely disappointed in the use of synthesizers . The artist/s always seems to miss the boat -LRB- or beat -RRB- when emphasizing and/or conveying emotion during play . I know there must be a name for this musically but unfortunately I do n't know what that term is . The over-all feeling of this cd is flat and lacking emotion . Andrew Lloyd Webber invested so much time and money into this play/movie and was especially proud of the magnificence of the orchestra used for the movie , I only wish he could have marketed that orchestral recording with out vocals .
 I had n't even heard of this band until I heard `` Name '' and I loved the last three albums they released . Dizzy Up the Girl is without doubt one of the best albums I have . Reznick 's voice is great , however he is rarely heard on this album . When I ordered this CD I was looking forward to listening to it , but after listening to it all the way through once I never played it again , except to show friends how much they 've changed over the years . This album is just terrible . The drumming is the same in about every song , the lyrics are just stupid e.g. `` F**k your suicide , it 's all bulls ** t cuz I tried '' - give me a break . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 i 'm a big fan of punk . so i know good punk when i hear it . this cd only has two good songs up yours and james dean . Do n't even waste your money . someone wrote in a review that the cd cost them 31.50 . that is crazy i would n't even pay 10 bucks for this cd mabey 2 dollors
 The Goo Goo Dolls are a terrible power-pop group who have as much artistic talent as NSYNC or whatever boy band is popular these days . Jed proves that The Goo Goo Dolls were never any good . I heard this CD was supposed to be a PUNK record . The Goo Goo Dolls were just a less known power pop group when this CD came out . If you thought this was punk , you 're wasting your time ...
 Boy have the Goos come a long way ! This album is atrocious ! The singing sounds like it sung by a drunken hungover reveler . 99 % of the songs sound like they were written by someone who was either high on crack or suffered severe head trauma . The guitar work and drumming is soooo sloppy and noisy . Do n't get me wrong ; I love the Goos . I bought this album when I was 17 or 18 and it was so bad that I through it out in the same bag that I scooped my cat 's litter box out with . The 1 % of good on this album is for the song James Dean and Down On the Corner . This has to be the worst Goo album I ever heard and I heard all of their albums except their debut album . Get Hold Me Up instead of this album if you want to hear some of the Goos earlier work . Even Johnny said that Hold Me Up was their REAL first album .
 Slayer is a real demonic band!Satan has put his evil spirits for every member on this band.Hell awaits for them ! Their music is the last call but why they ca n't hear that Jesus wants to save them . Evil forces are powerful but God will be the eternal winner .
 The production on this album is I have to say quite poor . The guitars seem muddy and buried in the mix and lack the punch seen in later albums . The bass also seems way too loud , and Arayas vocals sound like they were recorded in someones bathroom at times -LRB- e.g. Hell Awaits - Maybe it was supposed to sound like that ? -RRB- . I have become a slayer fan only recently so I have not seen them play live . I dare say that if some of these songs were played live or were re-recorded they would sound absolutely killer , but I personally just find it near impossible to get past the horrible sound on this disc . The lyrics -LRB- Necrophiliac ! Give me a break -RRB- and overlong songs do n't help at times either.If you are new to slayer I would advise you not to make this your introduction to them , it might well put you off a truly talented and influential band . For starters pick up reign in blood , south of heaven , or seasons in the abyss .
 I have nothing against Slayer . But time has passed . Not only is this album lacking with some pretty bad lyrics similar to Cannibal Corpse or any of the 10000 imitators it has absolutely one of the worst productions in all of history . Stay the hell away from this and thank me later . If you need it then torrent it .5 star reviewers of this album you might as well not trust worth a damn because they are Slayer fans with ZERO objectivity.This is one of the most terrible sounding recordings I have ever heard from one of the titans of metal . The solos and thrash are fairly dated though I recognize the beginnings of darker metal here as I recognize the beginnings of a lot of genres . Does n't mean it 's any good . Their debut was better imo but still pretty weak by current standards . After these first two the next three are a lot better.You can only go off how the record sounds and this is plainly horrific sounding . Slayer is a band that started out pretty bad and then got pretty good and then bad and then good again . They go in waves.If you want something decent listen to early Metallica , Megadeth , or Sepultura or whatever else for a good dose of that old school metal feeling or in fact skip ahead to Slayer 's next couple releases which are very good . This stuff here is hilarious . You can just see the tattoos and fist pumping satanic badasses when listening to this but the recording is so bad you wo n't know what to do about it . Some really average solos as well . Reign in Blood makes this look pretty shabby .
 The item arrived with a wrong booklet , so now i am having and incomplete collection . I want my product to be replaced with a correct booklet without any cost .
 I like Slayer . I really do . This is one of the fastest , heaviest metal bands in existance , but I could never get in to their early albums , especially Hell Awaits . I tend to prefer their later albums like Reign in Blood , because they were much better produced . Rick Rubin made those records sound the way a speed metal record should , with everything up front in your face . Reign in Blood had the most `` in your face '' sound of any record I 've ever heard . Hell Awaits on the other hand is just soaked in so much reverb that it sometimes reminds me of `` Pyromania '' by Def Leppard ! This is one of the heaviest bands in existance . How is a speed metal band supposed to sound heavy when their producer insists on making them in to the speed metal version of Def Leppard ? Thrash is supposed to be `` in your face '' . There 's no place for reverb on a speed metal record . You want to hear heavilly reverbed production , than go buy a Def Leppard CD ! I myself prefer a more aggressive style that fits this kind of music . Down with reverb ! I HATE reverb ! Layers of reverb have no place in speed metal !
 And i 'm saying this as someone who enjoyed - SHOW NO MERCY-and liked-REIGN IN BLOOD - for it 's energy and speed . This album was one of the biggest disapointments of my life , i 'm serious here , after listening to this i had horrible pains in my stomach from utter disgust and feelings of being ripped off , thanx Slayer . This is basically for the die hard Slayer fan , some one who feels they need all of their albums to consider themself a `` true '' fan . Normaly bad production in an album does not really bother me , as long as the music is good , but this might just be the worst produced album ever , even worse then a Venom album . You would think that they would take time to find a talented producer who would do the music justice , but obviously i guess they were just concerned with making noise , which is esentially what this album is.Also on top of the fact that the music itself is simply horrible , through out it 's entire 35 minute span , there is not one distinguishable song/riff/tempo change or otherwise . You are esentially listing to noise , you ca n't even call these songs , anyone could put crap out like this , just make lots of scary noises and add in some hardcore satanic lyrics , nevermind musical ability . do n't listen to all these retard 5 star reviews from the dumb @ $ $ Slaytanic legions telling us it 's awsome b/c its Slayer . Slayer is a good band but they are no where near what people make them out to be , since when is it cool to not know how to write actual melodies or songs and make random noise?are you really a Necrophiliac Tom ? i swear your lyrics for that song simply made me belive you were , but i could be wrong , since it resembles something a pathetic attention starved 8th grader would write in his notebook in detention.Funny how random mile a minute notes topped of with whammy bar and trill strikes are considered soloing , listen to any of Kings solos and you will see what i mean . This CD should be banned , you are paying around $ 20 pure noise from a overrated band.Sorry for the tyraid , but i am feeling kind of P.O.ed that i payed $ 18 for pure noise . I write this to warn others of throwing money out the window . It is an absolute miracle that these guys have succeded in music , for they have no talent at all . Kerry King once made a comment that Kirk Hammette was overrated , he should speak for himself , he could n't play himself out of a paper bag and would be laughed out of music theory class 101 . Kirk runs circles around both King and Hannemen combind .
 ... but sometimes you must reach bottom to get to the top . I know , I know , they must have been on a budget , but I 'm sure they could 've found a decent quality studio at a cheap price . After all they lived in California , probably the epicenter of music -LRB- especially metal -RRB- in the 1980s . Many of these songs have potential , especially the song `` Hell Awaits , '' which sounds like a firestorm live , but not only does the bad sound quality kill it , Slayer sounds like that they did n't even try to give their demonic brand of metal any justice while recording . The guitar sounds like it 's being played on low volume through a dryer , and Tom Araya 's vocals sound like he 's talking through a dying a cell phone . ...
 I try to put the best face on things , no matter how bad something is i always try to look for a positive aspect . I 'm sorry , but i ca n't do it for this , i listened to Reign In Blood , and although i think Slayer is crap , i still gave it credit for what that album was , but this is simpley rancid.I wish Amazon gave us negative star options , because this deserves like a negative 20 , it is THAT bad . Hell Awaits is one of the worst things i have ever listened too , and no , its not because i 'm not HaRdCorE enough or refuse to worship satan or drink blood like all of you Slayer morons , it is simpley because it is headache inducing music of the most criminal kind . Listen to this the whole way through -LRB- which i did , unfortuanatly -RRB- , tracks 1-7 , and try to distinguish or memorize a single song , hard , is n't it ? It sounds like these guys went overboard with the satanic imagarey in an effort to come off as scary , they just ended up making themseleves look like retards.There should be laws against making music this abtrocius and downrigth pi $ $ poor.Compare this to say , Ride the Ligthning or Rust in Piece or something along those lines and you will see how inferior this is compared to people who KNOW HOW TO WRITE MUSIC ! If you want music with absolutly no sense of rythm , songwritting , talent or skill of any kind , just pure diareah made into music , this is for you ! Atleast these guys have faded away and are nothing but a mallcore metal act now for the 14 year old crowd a la Panterible style . TOM IS SCARY BECAUSE HE SINGS ABOUT BEING A NECROPHILIAC ! ARRRRRRGGGGGGGG , I 'M A HARDCORE SATANIST , BE SCARED OF US AND OUR S H I T MUSIC ! . Yup guys , you have me scared alrigth , now lets watch Scream.The song ratings are are : HELL AWAITS 3/10KILL AGAIN 2/10AT DAWN THEY SLEEP 2/10PRAISE OF DEATH 1/10NECROPHILIAC 1/10CRYPTS OF ETERNITY 2/10HARDENING OF THE ARTERIES 1/10Arn ' t those just F**K ING INTENSE SONGS TITLES !? This gets my vote as probably the absolute worst thing ever recorded in the history of music , and if you are indeed retarded enough to think that this is even slightly good , then it shows why you listen to Slayer .
 listening to this cd is `` hell '' the drumming sounds like they are at a circus and your watching the clowns running around . the songs run together and you ca n't tell one from another . i wasted my money !
 Hell really awaits for you in this record . A hell of bad songs , bad singing , bad songwriting , bad solos ... all this under the cover of `` metal '' . This is not metal . `` Metal '' is Iron Maiden , Metallica , Sabbath , Priest -LRB- of course , all these bands in their epic times -RRB- . Music like Slayer 's only denegrate metal .
 How can someone say `` Slayer is the greatest thing mankind has ever made '' ! Are you crazy ? These guys are a shame to metal , even speed metal , they do n't play anything in this albun , only noise . Anyway , there are people who like it . But who is more commercial ? Madonna or Slayer ? I do n't know ... In Madonna 's music -LRB- which I hate -RRB- there are at least musicality in their songs , some coeherence in songwriting . In Slayer , they keep selling for fools who think `` Slayer is the greatest thing mankind has ever made '' ...
 Mr. Lovin 's gushingly enthusiastic review never mentioned the actual PERFORMANCES on this album ; he only discussed the beauty , complexity and grandeur of the compositions themselves . Of course Herrmann 's film music has no equal , and has often been imitated , but they deserve better than what is delivered here . As usual with Silva releases , these are re-recordings with the City of Prague Philharmonic . And there simply is no way this orchestra can match what is required of them.As is almost always the case with this ensemble , the strings are fine and solid , but it 's the brass -- especially the low brass -- where it falls apart . Bad intonation , shaky tone and sloppy playing are the hallmarks of most orchestras found in this region , and these guys are classic examples . Compared to the original scores , or even more recent re-recordings with the LSO or the LA Philharmonic -LRB- Salonen 's excellent compendium on Sony is worthwhile -RRB- are much better than what is heard here ; even cover versions by Kunzel and the Cinncinnatti Pops beat these renditions.The only thing you 're really getting with this collection is convenience
 I like a wide variety of music , but honestly i find death metal somewhat unlistenable . No offense , but I really do n't like the growling as vocals . The lyrics are stupid but that 's not even the problem . I 'm not one of those people who says `` Death metal is disgusting and is just noise '' . I definitely respect it as music . I guess death metal is just a bit too extreme for me , I really ca n't stand those vocals . I do n't mean that theres no talent here , because there definitely is . There are n't any nu-metal 2 and 3 chord riffs here , the songs are complex and technical . These guys are great at what they do , which is to play death metal , it 's just not my style . If you like death metal , you will probably like them . I respect them , but I think I 'll stick to thrash , power and progressive metal . Seeya later
 Cannibal Corpse is okay if you want to hear some ridiculously funny lyrics about necrophilia and extreme sadomasochism -LRB- well , you ca n't really understand what Barnes is saying , so you have to read it out of the liner notes -RRB- , but their music is so shambled it 's amazing that they , or any other traditional death metal band can get a record deal . Very fast , yes . Organized ? No . It sounds like they walked into the studio , started playing random guitar chords , and had Paul beat the hell out of his drumset , and add Barnes ' animalistic death growl . Like I said , the lyrics are hilarious if you 've got a sick mind , but the music is n't anything to brag about . But they 're better than Mortician . The only Corpse album I can stand is The Bleeding .
 I love death metal but this honestly sucks . it is uncomplicated and the lyrics are a joke . I must admit that chris barnes has some throat , but i can also say that Suffocation , Nile , Broken Hope Cryptopsy and Monstrosity do this stuff with faster beats , more complicated riffs and drums and better lyrics
 Anyone who listens to this trash is demented . Yes , the music is half-way decent , but the lyrics should be an insult to anyone with a heartbeat . A `` person '' who thinks a song like necropedophile is cool , is in need of help , and you need to grow up . It is not cool . It is sick , and it makes me wonder if those of you who like songs like this , also molest children . For their lyrics alone Cannibal Corpse sucks . I will stick with great bands like Crimson Thorn , Corpse , and Living Sacrifice .
 If `` Cannibal Corpse '' is serious , then I feel sorry for them . If they 're not taking themselves seriously , then THIS IS GENIUS ! This is super-funny stuff ! I mean , I Cum Blood ? What in the hell is that ? that 's the dumbest thing I 've ever heard ! Halarious . On the other hand , if these mutant mullet-headed , reebok hightop and jean jacket wearing greaseball thugs who are using up precious oxygen think that a collection of cacophonic noodlings that sound like a grizzly bear got caught in a combine on AM radio think this is music , then they need to run , not walk , immediately to the nearest freeway and lay down in the path of a speeding truck and cease to exist so we can move on . Grow up you idiots . Garbage .
 Stay away from this piece of nasty music . This is the kind of stuff that will put real metal underground forever
 I 'm not stereotyping this album according to a genre . Read my other CC reviews , some are quite different than this . But the fact remains , this album is terrible . With the exception of the awesome guitarwork in Hammer Smashed Face and the better production of the instruments , there are no positive aspects . The vocals are worse than on any album CC has done and sometimes do n't even line up with the music , as if there was a major tracking error during recording . The solos are sloppy and the riffs in general are unrefined . The lyrics/song titles are at the peak of perversion , though it 's impossible to understand them without a lyric sheet . Even if you 're a huge CC/death metal fan , avoid this album like the plague . Buy the Bleeding or Vile .
 In any decent society Cannibal Corpse would have cut one demo and then been laughed onto the streets . However , given that there will always be a market for sick and unpleasant -LSB- stuff -RSB- they seem to have found a very lucrative little niche . Before anyone starts waffling on with the tired old argument that ` This band are just too extreme for you , you ca n't handle them ; why do n't you go back to Enya you ... -LRB- sic -RRB- etc ' I 'd like to say
 The newer stuff is so much better than this . I bought this cause of Hammer Smashed Face and after that track I was totally diappointed , the rest just does n't live up to my expectations . If you like this type of music , pick up some newer stuff like GALLERY OF SUICIDE .
 This stuff is Crazy , Crazy , Crazy , abnormal and intense , the guitar sound is surprisingly tight . But the vocal are loooooowww . Probably the lowest Chris Barnes does . Too bad they could n't get along with him . Next to Butchered at Birth , this is the 2nd best album .
 i 'm laughing my ass off ! it 's funny as hell , these idiots giving one star and saying CC is `` disgusting '' `` ca n't understand the growling vocals '' `` not talented '' etc. it 's so funny to me , i 'm skipping reading any review that DOES N'T HAVE A ONE-STAR RATING . all the reasons this band gets dissed for are actually what i like them for . the scariest 1-star rater actually typed something like , `` this band and all their fans should be slaughtered . '' almost sounds similar to a lyric Chris Barnes -LRB- the growler on this album , for the idiots -RRB- might write , in fun of course .
 First off I would prefer to give this c.d. no stars at all , since that 's not an option , I had to settle for one . As a woman I am appauled at the graffic topics disscussed on this c.d. I give props to all the guys who had enough balls to say that it is a disgusting display of pure mental sickness . I find this album extremely offending , which is hard to do . I am not offended by many things . This entire album displays an extreme distaste and lack of deep meaningful , relevant subjects to sing about . Frankly , I believe it shows a huge level of immaturity , get your priorities straight . Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE this type of music , but spend your money on something more worth it . Perhaps , spineshank , machine head , pantera or sepultura . So do yourself a favor and get a life , or maybe a real hobby . Let 's get real here people . Where 's the good metal at ?
 If you 're reading these reviews , you 're likely considering purchasing this album . If so , please avail yourself of this Cliff Notes version first : Thrashing haphazardly at the guitars like a seizuring epileptic , smashing the drums like an unmedicated sociopath , growling something indistinguishable regarding blood and vaginas , rinse , repeat.Thank you , and please enjoy your purchase !
 `` Amazing beyond measurement ? '' Are you kidding ? HAve you lost your mind ? This CD is very bad , disgusting , poor .
 Now I 'm not one of those hyper conservative people who thinks music influences people , but that cover art is just plain fricken disgusting , I mean , seriously , it 's almost as bad as the music.The music sucks . Poser gore crap . Listen to Death and Obituary for death metal instead .
 this album in my opinon at least is their worst , the singer is absolutly HORRIBLE ! ~ ~ ~ DONT BUY THIS ALBUMYOU WOULD THANK ME LATTER , JUST LISTEN TO THE SAMPLES OR EVEN GET THE SONGS FROM THE INTRNET KAZA I JUST ONE OF MANY COICHES
 People , get a life.Cannibal Corpse are not talented.The song names are ridiculous.Who the heck would have songs names like `` I *** Blood '' , `` Addicted To *** Skin '' , or -LRB- OMG -RRB- `` Entrails Ripped From a Virgin 's *** '' . Anyone can scream , so why pay good money to hear these fools?Hope this helped.Peace Out .
 Who could like this crap ? You should be locked up even for suggessting some of the stuff they sing about . For example , the song `` Necropedophile '' goes into great detail about how the lead singer has sex with the dead bodies of small children . Not only does he sing about it , he does it so graphically that you wonder how truly demented this guy is . Almost all the songs involve the rape and torture of women and just horrid graphic content . And like most people complain about CC , their drumming sucks , the vocals are more like low rumble grunts and the 2 power chorde songs lack any types of musicianship . You should be ashamed to listen to this stuff . You are admitting that you are just as twisted as the people who sing it . The fact that people like this live in the world makes you realize that the world has reached a new level of deprevity .
 These guys are a joke . The lead singer does n't even sing at all and the guitar sucks . They have no talent at all . Anyone can scream and yell and sing like a total idiot . It all sounds the same and it 's pure garbage .
 How can someone listen to that ? How can someone even think about producing that ? It 's pure garbage , played by musicians -LRB- ? -RRB- who are talking to you like
 This CD definitely lies directly on the line of being average . The instrumentals are okay , but nothing too technically complex . Barnes ' vocals include a unique grindcore style and are actually sort of impressive at times.Still , though , the album gets to sound a bit too much alike when attempting to listen the whole way through . After awhile , it gets a bit dissappointing.I think with a bit more complexity given to the instrumentals and varation in songs , CC could 've had a smash hit CD ... but unfortunately , that 's not how it went ... so I give this album 3 STARS -LRB- once again , not two -RRB- for mediocrity and potential .
 This is my old review of Tomb of the Mutilated : `` I think Barnes ' other band , Six Feet Under , is much better than this . This CD shows no melody whatsoever , just in your face pounding and grunting about digging up bodies and raping them . For some that 's fine in itself , but if you 're going to grunt about necrophelia , at least do it with some emotion . I think it 's great that Barnes left this band and went on with Six Feet Under . If you want good death metal with a melodic beat of sorts , pick up Six Feet Under . If you want in your face grunting and screaming with a steady jackhammer beat , get this instead . `` Okay . You do n't have to tell me that I sound like a huge homo . I do n't believe I was 100 % wrong , but I feel like I should revisit this review and update it . First of all , Six Feet Under is still the better band in my opinion . Why I kept using the word `` melody '' is beyond me since both bands do n't really have melody.And this
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 I ca n't beleive people on this site take this band 's music seriously this is total noise.What the hell is wrong with you people.This band is sick and nasty for the sake of getting attention.The-y have nothing important to say or Growl about.The guitars areweak and annoying.The people that say this band have talent orjust as stupid this is nonsense , Barnes might as well speak inspanish , it 's almost like these death bands are trying to make uptheir own languege.Now I do n't have a problem with death metal.Ilike some.But this is annoying music with sadstic , nasty , perverselyrics that will only appear to stupid,pot-smokin , a ** holes whodo n't know what true metal is.Now as far as death metal that isactually good-Barnes later project Six Feet Under and Obituarythat is all.Listen to those bands do n't waste time with this over-hyped band that are about as listenable as fingers down a chalkboard or even worse rap music -LRB- well maybe not that bad -RRB- .
 this is the sign of the apocolypse . this cd is unbelievbly bad . this band and thier fans should be slaughtered . look at the lyrics . people like this deserve to be killed and put into hell . every one of the songs about having sex with dead children . absolutley disgusting .
 I 've never heard a funnier album than this ... all the songs sound the exact same ... you do n't know what they 're saying at all . . it fits the stereotype that all death metal has ... . just screaming with no talent.There 's no talent to be found on this album . It 's just song writing with the sickest , most vile thoughts imaginable . Anyone could write something like this.The lead singer could be saying `` Have sex with dead people '' or `` kill your dog with an axe '' you really ca n't tell ... and that 's what 's funny about it . All this band does is think of the most disgusting thing ever and write about it ... it 's a cheap way of getting people to like them . When you listen to this band you think that they 're are joking cuz there 's no way on earth that a band could be this bad . It 's horrid . It has very simple song writing and musically it sucks . But if you see it at a flea market for like 25 cents then buy it cuz you 'll need to listen to this if you 're feeling down.And let 's face it , without this band we would n't have those sweet `` my anger is too complicated for you to understand '' kids who dress in all black to make fun of . And not to mention the girls with the died black hair and fishnets.Those people are so rad .
 Man , this cd and ALL of Cannibal Corpse 's cds SUCK ! The beats are extremely repetitive and are completely lousy , the guitar riffs are even worse , the lyrics are beyond disgusting , the lead `` singer '' ca n't scream well at all and when when he trys it sounds like he 's got a sh -- load of food in his mouth . Most christian heavy-metal groups blow this crap away ! To give you a short list , Living Sacrifice , Zao , Extol , Project-86 , Blindside , P.O.D. , Eternal Decision , Piller , Embodyment and Travail . If you ever some how get a hold of this cd , first smash the hell out of it with a sledgehammer and burn it !!! Peace .
 I 'm sorry , but just read the titles to the songs . Seriously . Are these kids 9 or 10 ? Adults , are they ? Oh . It 's not so funny anymore . Now it 's just sad . These ` duuuuudes ' sound like they 're foaming at the mouth or something . This is n't death metal . This is n't even music ... If you really want death metal , check out Fear Factory , In Flames , Opeth , Sepultura , Gardenian , Soilwork , Entombed , even Eminem . He 's more ` death metal ' than this tripe . Who listens to this ? Fear Factory 's first album is death metal , too . It 's intelligent , diverse , and to the point . Its lyrics are actually good , too . Oh , and it 's heavier than this crap . If you feel you must listen to death metal , why not listen to that ?
 This is purely a waste of life . Avoid !
 Why do n't you try Blue Oyster Cult , Gypsy , Nuada , or almost any other neo Pagan music rather than touting the destruction of women , through the white man 's rape music?You are right , this is yet more Christian music advocating the continued murder rap -LRB- e -RRB- and mutilation of women for the entertainment of men , which is what the Big Three Male God religions are based on and why the Earth is almost in ruins , as She is plundered and raped and used by men and their selfish purposes , and their never ending wars of pointless religious fundamentalism.Return to the Mother religion , the Paganism of old , before it is too late - return to woman worship , it is what you really need and want , confused men . Stop singing the never ending songs that are all alike - and are going to mean the death of the Earth and all her children , and beginsinging the songs of life , which do include death , as it is a PART OF LIFE , naturally - not some sick aberration - to be celebrated and accepted as a natural part of life , like sex , joy birth pain and all parts of life.NO matter what our gender , orientation , we are all spirits in flesh , and this life is finite , so enjoy it for what it is , do not make it into something it is not - yes , you are right , if you want out , then leave , and become another life form already , but do n't keep selling your sadism to the youth - otherwise celebrate what you have . Go to the sacredgrove if you wish to learn morehigh and mighty men.Take good care of your acacia tree . Constant death songs will bring permanent death to the Earth , our Mother.Women of the sacredgrove .
 I love Sarah and I love classical strings . But these pieces were really badly done . The recording is n't very good and most of the strings sound really off.It felt like a stock band was crammed in a room for 2 days , given sheet music and plunked this out ... it does n't sound like a tribute at all .
 If you REALLY like strings , then you might like this CD . It has 4 songs from Fumbling Towards Ecstasy and 5 from Surfacing . Did they know she had other albums before those ? Apparently not . Then there are 2 original songs of theirs . 9 songs from Sarah 's last 2 albums hardly qualifies as a tribute.The Tori Amos tribute was way better . Buy that instead .
 Being a huge fan of Sarah McLachlan 's , I bought this CD as an impulse buy . However , from the beginning chords , I was quite disappointd . The `` essence '' and resonance of Sarah 's songs was not at all captured . I do n't know if it was because a violin simply can not convey the depth and meaning of Sarah 's vocals , try as it might . The arrangements seemed disordered , scattered in purpose , intonation and mood.Stay with Sarah 's actual creations . No offense to the musicians themselves .
 This is NOT highlights from a radio broadcast , it IS the radio broadcast - in its entirety - with commentary/introduction from the host . After the radio broadcast portion , the quality on some of the tracks is poor and crackly , and one is not even professionally recorded . It is noted on the program that it is not a professional recording , but the synopsis here by Amazon does NOT reflect any of this . This is NOT what I was expecting in format OR quality .
 Highly disappointed that the original cast members from White Christmas were not featured singing these beautiful songs so eloquently written . I felt the artists chosen to perform these songs actually butchered them !
 While it 's always fun to listen to Irving Berlin tunes , and this show has a special nostalgic appeal for Boomers , what 's missing on this album is what 's missing in the show
 I am a late-comer to this album , and appear to be a dissenting voice , alas . I found this album dull , the biggest problems being that the arrangements have no sparkle -LRB- maybe they were meant to capture that lush , and -- dare I say -- bloated 1950 's sound -RRB- and the singers -LRB- with the exception of Karen Morrow -RRB- have no personality . When dealing with material this familiar , you have to bring something extra , and despite the obvious talent that went into this , it is just serviceable . The whole thing reminded me of a Lawrence Welk tribute to Berlin , or a big-budget cruise ship show .
 Complicated !!! Ca n't put this with my other Itunes and if I can its sooo difficult . Gave this for gifts and my people ca n't figure it out . No way Ill do this again . LOVE amazon but this is NOT GOOD !!!!
 The first part of the video is great , but the mystery part just stinks ! It is a little spooky too . Meter the Mouse hears Andy Bandy Man stealing the things in the video and so will your child . Do n't buy this video at all ! It is a waste of money !
 There is not enough characters in this video . It is boring for a 20 month old . Wee Sing Together is excellent , but not this video .
 That 's great and all that every `` metal head '' known to man loves this band . I do n't see what 's so special . They 're music is fast and furious , but who cares ? I look for PASSION in music and I just do n't feel it from these guys . They have NO PASSION ! It 's just stupid lyrics with no raw emotion or unbridled energy behind it . Take Korn 's first album or Machine Head or Max cavalera from Soulfly and Sepultura fame . Those guys have PASSION and you can feel it when they play . Slayer is just a lot of repetitive noise with no feeling . Even Celine Dion has more PASSION than these guys . They just play loud , speedy metal . Impressive , but it does n't touch my soul !
 This CD did nothing but haunting my ears , with its noise , pollution , bad songwriting . Skip it if you can , because Slayer has nothing to offer you . They 're after your money , that 's all
 Sorry but the Production on this is terrible . I mean when they play these songs live they are absolutely killer , but here , the volume must be turned much higher then normal to balance out the production and even then it 's sub par . But what makes this painful is that Metal Blade is asking $ 10 for this thing . The proper thing to do would have to put all Metal Blade records on 2 disc sets . I would say put this with Show No Mercy but there is a rare import version of Live Undead that contain this on the same CD . Even though on the original version of Live Undead there was a much better , redone version of Chemical Warfare , yet Metal Blade removed it . Metal Blade claims to have aggressive perfector here as a bonus track here but it really is n't . Aggressive Perfector was put on a large selection of versions of Haunting the Chapel on Vinyl . But enough about my complaints lets see the music .1 . Chemical Warfare 7/10 This Song is a Slayer classic , or at least for most , I find it below average in comparison to other like Hell Awaits , South of Heaven , Angel of Death , Etc. . It seems to drag on for a bit too long in my opinion and the poor production is most evident here .2 . Captor of Sin 9/10 The best song here , always a joy when played live and a quick one . Production does n't affect it that much here .3 . Haunting the Chapel 6/10 The Title Track is surprising in that no one even cares about this one really , they never seem to play it live , it is an interesting song , but not a standout , it 's definitely something different though . What a lot of people do n't know was that Slayer was supposed to redo this song and 2 others for the Box set that came out yet that never happened . If they did redo it , it would have been significantly better .4 . Aggressive Perfector 10/10 The reasoning behind the 10 out of ten is that this is Slayer 's First song , originally from a compilation and its hilarious , as everyone else has said ` you could square dance to this '' . Though I may have been pretty positive and high ratings about the songs , I still do n't yearn to listen to the songs , and there is much better music that Slayer has to offer . This EP , their only EP , is pretty weak in comparison to almost all of their other stuff . This is where Slayer developed the niche that makes them Slayer , but they actually did n't really become the true Slayer until Hell Awaits , and though that album 's production is bad too , it 's not as bad as this and is more enjoyable . I know some of you Slayer fans will disagree with me on this , but I 'm just speaking of it from my point of view , please do not take any offense , It does pain me to give a Slayer CD such a low rating . Hoped this helped .
 This could have been such a great album but the drum and syth programming leave a lot to be desired and make it sound very dated ... had they used live musicians instead it would have been a real classic and the very best way the Esther could have said goodbye by leaving us one last amazing album ... but alas was not to be .
 I bought this because I 'm a Pearl Jam fan , and there 's 3 PJ tracks on the cd . But the rest -LRB- 11 tracks -RRB- is just so terrible is hillarious.Really anoying African music with no instruments.One of the VERY FEW times in my life I 've listend to an album once and put it away for good !
 This is the worst thing ever created , it must have been released by deaf guys . Jerry would roll over in his grave .
 Well , I bought the single MP3 track `` Dark Star '' as a goof for my friends and myself , `` recovering '' Deadheads all.I listened to the preview snippet and thought I could spend $ .99 for a trip-hop-y chuckle . The full track is not identifiable in any way to Dark Star , no melody or lyrics in common with the original , so any novelty value my purchase would have had is missing ! Oops ! Caveat Emptor , indeed .
 Broken Hope ... the name fits the band ... This band has NO HOPE of producing a death metal CD with listenable quality . This is by far the worst death metal CD I have ever listened to . Though Joe 's vocals are gutteral and brutal , you cant even piece together what he is grunting with the music in the background ... you sit there ... scratch your head ... and think `` What the hell is going on here ? '' EVERY song in my opinion sounds the same ... they could have just done one song and re-recorded it for the rest of the CD . I made the mistake of buying this piece of crap ... do not make the same . If you want some horrific , gut wrenching death metal , get Cannibal Corpse `` Tomb of the Mutilated '' !
 This could have been such a great album but the drum and syth programming leave a lot to be desired and make it sound very dated ... had they used live musicians instead it would have been a real classic and the very best way the Esther could have said goodbye by leaving us one last amazing album ... but alas was not to be .
 THis is what I wanted to do after listening to this master-piece of bad metal . THis cd is `` unratable '' , but I 'll give it one star to show my opinion about it ... !
 CC is in heaven . They are such talentless `` musicians '' , that it 's enough for them to generate some controversy about their sick lyrics and sick drawings.THis CD is horrible , as everything this band does .
 Please , CC is everything that is wrong with death metal . It has become a cliche . Poor songwriting , bad musicianship and production.If you want good death metal might I suggest Obituary , Carcass , early Sepultura , even Napalm Death is better then this garbage .
 For those of you who are about to click the not helpful button because of my rating , would you read what I have to say before using the trigger finger ? I Love Death Metal . But I do n't just accept every band because they are `` Br00tal '' and have songs filled with `` Blast Beats . '' I like Death metal that I can take seriously . I have taste . I like Death Metal bands that are made up with great musicians who are able to create memorable riffs and have excellent guitar solos and able to create a structure to their music as well as a sense of imagery . Cannibal Corpse accomplishes none of these tasks ; they simply do not pass the bar that my favorites have raised . Cannibal Corpse is the most overrated Death metal band out there , hands down . Why do people praise Cannibal Corpse ? I have the feeling that most of them love Corpse to look tough , blend in , to be feared and to shock . I know a guy who simply does it for the image . Cannibal Corpse and their artwork do not shock me . Every one of their albums is a Fart Joke told over and over again and again . It gets old and stale really fast . Rule number one when listening to death metal
 First of all , this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of senseless , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by getting as much noise as possible together and adding in growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon barfing with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the vilest , most hideous , gruesome -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of sanity . Nobody in their right mind would write a review so ironic as the one entitled on this page `` words do n't do justice '' . In fact , it 's the most ironic piece of literature I 've ever seen in my life because it describes the exact OPPOSITE of what this song and band have produced her.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY , I REPEAT DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . tHIS BAND SUX , , AND IF U LIKE IT , WELL U DO TOO
 Well , if you like to poison your brain with garbage , this is the right album for you .
 Wow , these guys need to wake up and figure out how untalented they are . Oooh Necrophelia , how creative ! It 's never been done before . These guys only needed one album , since all the songs sound the same . The sad thing is that people listen to this VOLUNTARILY ! Man , these guys sure do suck !
 SLayer appeared in the musical scenario along with Metallica , Mercyful fate and others . The success of Metallica shows who was the best musicians . Slayer is satisfied with playing disguised as radicals . At least they do n't write lyrics like `` Necrophilaic '' anymore ...
 What the hell is this ? I used to listen to Slayer just for laughs , but I recently sold my collection because I grew so tired of their neverending rant . FACT
 that they sucked back then , it was their first cd , so i see why ... get diabolus in musica , its way better , slayer rocks , killswitch are the gods of metal . peace ...
 Slayer 's first album has not held up all that well , especially if you 're cruel enough to judge it relative to their next few records . They 're a bit larval here . Their musical growth and , uh , evil satanic menace growth or whatever between this and Hell Awaits is absolutely amazing . By my count this ten-track debut has only three good songs on it
 the drum sounds is so thin , cant compare it to metallica or megadeth debut album which are much betterits not really brutal either compare to their later releasemetal storm is best track on my opinionthis is shoulb be 3 or 4 star if better production
 2.5 stars . There are a few classic songs on this album , such as `` The Antichrist '' and `` Black Magic '' , but this is only the begining of how great Slayer were about to become . The guitarwork is n't that great , and the lyrics are much more tough to take seriously , both of which were completely changed on their later albums . Diehard fans will enjoy this , but you 'd be much better off buying `` Reign In Blood '' , `` South of Heaven '' , or `` Seasons In the Abyss '' , three of metal 's finest documents . That 's when Slayer went from being just another average thrash band to a truly monumental experiance .
 I can not believe that the American public is allowing themselves to be tricked into liking this stupid , lowest-common-denominator , unimaginitive nonsense . The beat is flat , the lyrics are incredibly stupid , and the entire song is fake , `` I 'm so strong I 'm going to leave you even though I 've hung around and allowed you to treat me like garbage for years '' sloganeering . Do your soul a favor and buy any other record out there besides this . Encouraging the record industry to produce more crap like this can only make us a weaker nation .
 I had n't even heard of this band until I heard `` Name '' and I loved the last three albums they released . Dizzy Up the Girl is without doubt one of the best albums I have . Reznick 's voice is great , however he is rarely heard on this album . When I ordered this CD I was looking forward to listening to it , but after listening to it all the way through once I never played it again , except to show friends how much they 've changed over the years . This album is just terrible . The drumming is the same in about every song , the lyrics are just stupid e.g. `` F**k your suicide , it 's all bulls ** t cuz I tried '' - give me a break . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 i 'm a big fan of punk . so i know good punk when i hear it . this cd only has two good songs up yours and james dean . Do n't even waste your money . someone wrote in a review that the cd cost them 31.50 . that is crazy i would n't even pay 10 bucks for this cd mabey 2 dollors
 The Goo Goo Dolls are a terrible power-pop group who have as much artistic talent as NSYNC or whatever boy band is popular these days . Jed proves that The Goo Goo Dolls were never any good . I heard this CD was supposed to be a PUNK record . The Goo Goo Dolls were just a less known power pop group when this CD came out . If you thought this was punk , you 're wasting your time ...
 Boy have the Goos come a long way ! This album is atrocious ! The singing sounds like it sung by a drunken hungover reveler . 99 % of the songs sound like they were written by someone who was either high on crack or suffered severe head trauma . The guitar work and drumming is soooo sloppy and noisy . Do n't get me wrong ; I love the Goos . I bought this album when I was 17 or 18 and it was so bad that I through it out in the same bag that I scooped my cat 's litter box out with . The 1 % of good on this album is for the song James Dean and Down On the Corner . This has to be the worst Goo album I ever heard and I heard all of their albums except their debut album . Get Hold Me Up instead of this album if you want to hear some of the Goos earlier work . Even Johnny said that Hold Me Up was their REAL first album .
 There are only a few good songs and the rest to me is just rock filler . Nothing really different or new . The two songs A Million Ways and Here It Goes Again are the most unique songs on the CD . This CD does not have the video 's which I was really dissapointed with .
 Do n't waste your money on this cd . The only good song is # 7 . The rest of the songs are boring , predictable , and annoying to listen to .
 Ok Go dropped their first album a couple years back and in the past two years have toured all over the globe and cultivated an even larger name for themselves . After the relentless roadtrip , they hunkered down and wrote over fifty new songs , many of which got rejected . The demos of their newest tracks caught the ear of Swedish producer Tore Johansson -LRB- who produced Franz Ferdinand 's debut album and several Cardigans hits -RRB- , and the group met up with him and recorded the thirteen cuts that comprise their follow-up release Oh No.Although all of the above was fine and good , it was the lo-fi backyard dance routine video for their first single `` Do What You Want '' that has really helped give the group a headstart with this release . Shot with a minimal budget on a digital video camera , the highly choreographed video found the four members of the group dancing in rather hilarious ways to their newest single and spread around the internet like the viral marketing that they were likely hoping for.Although the press release of the group makes note that Johansson was a bit crusty with his dislike of `` American slickness '' in rock music , it 's sort of interesting to note that Oh No is indeed about as slick as they come . It 's true that the guitars sound juicy and the vocals in large part have a sort of overcompressed feel that worked for groups like The Strokes , but there is n't exactly a rough feel -LRB- despite a lot of cowbell -RRB- on the release . The first single on the album is pretty darn catchy , as well as the great `` It 's A Disaster , '' but in large part the album works the same sorts of dynamics over and over again . `` No Sign Of Life '' opens with some strummy acoustic guitar , but soon launches into overwhelming riffage and screaming vocals that turn it into another power pop track while `` Here It Goes Again '' unfortunately sounds like the victim of its own title with fairly standard chord changes and yelping vocals.When the group strays from their more straight-ahead style , they actually turn in some decent variety , as on the cheeseball `` Oh Lately It 's So Quiet '' and with the simmering and more understated `` Maybe , This Time . '' In terms of overall sound and cohesion , it 's a step up from the debut by the group , but it 's almost clinical in precision and slightly numbing with riff after riff blasting away with the same sort of glossy production . Interesting at times , ignorable at others , Oh No is for those who like their rock with plenty of sheen . -LRB- from almost cool music reviews -RRB-
 My god is this overproduced crap ... Not only did they sound like everything else already put out . . they had to make a video just to get people to listen to this pop crap ... their followup was much better !
 Tjis video is AWEFUL !!!! It is full of creepy things which I 'm kinda into but this is a really strange video ...
 We purchased Wee Sing Together and absolutely loved it . I rented the Big Rock Candy Mountain in hopes that it would be the same caliber . It does have very creative costumes and a fun , imaginary set with trees that grow candy and all sorts of fruit . But the plot is hard to follow and the dialogue is too complicated for a toddler or preschooler . There is use of a lot of classical adages -LRB- i.e. haste makes waste -RRB- which another character has to explain - but seems like a passing thought . It also incorporates a lot of corny jokes -LRB- `` Hare today , goon tomorrow '' and `` what do you call a hippo that carries elephants across the river ? - a tired hippo '' -RRB- Just seems to fall flat and definitely not something that this age group can relate to . And the cast of characters is a bit confusing - like another reviewer said - there 's a parrot , a cat , group of mice , a bunny , two snicker doodles - none of whom are introduced . They all seem to be gathered around and none seem to add to the depth or interest of the story.So , that being said -- I plan to rent other Wee Sing videos and purchase those that make the grade .
 I never liked this movie , my children have good memories watching it . Bad acting and corny plot.Good for young children .
 Not a good video for little children . My grandchild does not like the characters . There are too few characters in the video .
 I really wanted this for my son with Autism for his birthday . I never received the item , called and email several times and was told they could n't help . I will not do business with this company again .
 I watched this movie as a child , and its one of the scarriest movies ive ever seen ! I remember it vividly
 in an earlier review it was stated that if you did n't like the vocals or ideas behind this band , you were shallow-minded . that 's to suggest that these ideals are `` deep '' , which is sad if you think about it.i listened to a few samples off of these guys , expecting to be thoroughly dissapointed . however , surprisingly , it 's not in musicianship that they lack , and i do n't even like death metal . the problem here is the cheesy , overdone vocals and lyrics . the rest of the work on the album loses credibility as well due to the fact that it is used to send out such a heinous message.CC fails to be practical , sensible , you name it . saying that this kind of thing is for the `` open-minded '' is a bit much . talking about rape ? not cool . using the term figuratively is one thing but discussing it like this is both selfish and naive . CC will never in their lives experience something as brutal and psychologically underminding as rape and they have no right to sing about it . if it 's art , then it 's art at the expense of others , which they fail to realize . maybe it 's not art to them , maybe this is all some big joke . i would hope so . in fact , soem of their lyrics just make me wan na crack up . however , as a final word , being this insensitive is inhuman and does n't deserve the funding it receives . in fact , without all that money , i doubt they would be singing about such things . learn to put things in perspective CC .
 i respect cannibal corpse and all the INSTRUMENTS . the guitar and bass is great and the drums 4 hardcore . but the singer has no musical talent ! dont get me wrong i love metal i listen 2 mudvayne slipknot cradle of filth and i hate it when people say they have no musical talent but this band.i know a band isnt about vocals but these vocals just ruin the instruments . i wouldnt even bother
 I can listen to this one just about anywhere . It is one of the few albums that I own that I can grab , throw in the car , and know I will want to listen to it . It has everything I want , relentless double bass , cool guitar riffs , good flow , vocal style that works with the music and not against it . On a side note I would recommend this album to anybody who is developing a need for more extreme types of music . Although I prefer the newer albums this is the album that got me interested in Cannibal Corpse .
 I 'm a big heavy / trash metal , hard-rock fan and I 'd like to say something about Cannibal Corpse . People who like their sound , thinking that `` death metal '' is really radical , different and non-commercial , should think different . This band is more commercial than Madonna , Michael Jackson or Back Street Kids . Although they make much less money than the stars I quoted , they do n't play nothing ! Under the cover of `` having an attitude '' , they maintain a public without composing good songs , without at least improving in their own musical style and entire songs with only three or for accords . Who is more commercial ?
 It 's not like I hate Black Metal and Death Metal but I think this album is very low class garbage that is put out to attract the `` freaks '' . The `` freaks '' try to scare everyone by liking bands with messages that your mother would shun . It 's all for shock and attention . I bought this cd for 7 dollars from a street side vendor and I think it really is n't good . The one high pitched screaming person is really annoying and adds nothing to the song except laughability . Give me a break you `` tortured souls '' . Buyer beware , if you buy this , it will not make you cool or strange . Just really stupid for letting a talentless band like this sell things and making them popular . Cradle of Filth and Meshuggah run circles around this one trick pony .
 The Bleeding is a definite disappointment after CC 's masterpiece `` Tomb of the Mutilated '' . Tracks like `` stripped ... '' have a good intro , but then fall apart . There are no sustained brutal sections that are worth listening . Only a few sections stand out , aspects which make this album fall from expectations .
 For all of you people who say things like `` Cannibal Corpse Rocks ! `` well my friend , you are sooooo wrong.You cant understand a word that the lead singer says , but if you look at the CD tracks , you will be given an idea that they sing about nothing but death.All death metal , in my opinion at least , is stupid.It is nothing but a lead singer grunt screaming while the guitarist plays guitar distorted while the drummer bangs on his drum at the speed of light.That is exactly what this band is.If you want some good music , check out some alternative rock .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 Just plain stupid . Cannibal Corpse has got to be the lamest band I have ever heard of , I would laugh my ass off listening to these guys for about 15 minutes and then I would get bored of hearing the same song over and over again . Even if the music is complicated to play-so what ? That does n't make it good . Nor does the fact that they use `` scary '' lyrics to try and impress metal heads who are sick of the `` stupid posers '' taking over the airwaves . Hey , I 've barely hung around the metal genre , but that does n't make me inept from telling that these guys are posers themselves . Why ? Because all their albums are practically exact copies -LRB- like posers -RRB- , they do n't really have any musical talent -LRB- like posers -RRB- and they try and use lame shock attempts to make a few bucks -LRB- like posers -RRB- . Hey , instead of listening to corpse griner belch about killing or eating somebody , why do n't you listen to someone who has something actually worth listening to ? This crap might be fun for the few weeks but in the end all it turns out to be is crap . Think about it .
 this is the worst band evermany have said how this band is talented and crap like that but this is nothing but predictable , disgusting trash
 Cannibal Corpse ... now I know these guys are supposed to be the next big thing in Death Metal , but honestly , this band is bad . Yes , the guitar solo 's are good , the guitars are good , the drummer is alright , and as for the bass player , you could never hear him becasue of the guitars . There are too many times in their songs where they sound as if they 're playing any random note or chord . Now do n't get me wrong , I 'm a big fan of heavy metal ... but this stuff is just horrible and stupid . How perverted are these lyrics ... constantly talking about all of this gore crap in ALL of their songs ? I mean ask yourselves , what is the point about CONSTANTLY singing about raping , tortuing , and beating women , killing people , ripping out people 's insides , ripping off people 's skin , talking about certain body parts , butchuring and killing babies , talking about maggots , venom , and death ? -LRB- just to name a few of the VARIOUS gory topics they talk about -RRB- and just writing horrible music like that ? I mean these guys think its cool and think it 's a joke but it is n't . The guys from Cannibal Corpse keep talking in their interviews about how their lyrics are n't supposed to be taken seriously , but if that 's true , then why are so many people mad about it ? I thought heavy metal lyrics were supposed to be about your emotions and feelings , or about how you 're angry at life , how you 're sick of certain things . I thought lyrics were supposed to be meaningful . Cannibal Corspe is heavy no doubt about that , they 're probably the heaviest band you 'll meet . But I do n't feel right listening to their songs , realizing that this is the stuff they talk about . You can be able to tell that this is a putrid band just by looking at the artwork on the CD cover or the song titles . But you know something , I think these guys are doing it just for the attention , to be honest . No one else has written these kinds of lyrics before , no one has made violent graphic disturbing artwork on a CD cover like this . I really think this is done only for attention . Everybody likes them because of how `` cool '' and `` tough '' Cannibal Corpse looks . Cannibal Corpse probably thinks that takling about beating women , killing babies , and all of that sort makes them look tough , and is a way of selling albums . Oh yeah , that 's tough , but I bet that they never have the balls to do that in real life . It should be illegal to write music like this . Why write lyrics about things that happen in for other people 's unfortune in real life ? This stuff should n't be taken lightly and taken as a joke , it should n't . The band Cannibal Corpse has been a band for about over a decade , and made LOTS of albums , but the sad thing is , they have n't changed their lyric style AT ALL . A whole decade of nothing but `` GRRRRR EEEEEEEE , smelling a girl 's insides , it was so enchanting , EEEEEEEE , I raped her and then beat her on the head with shot gun , while masterbating to it , EEEEEE OOOOOOOOOOH , and it was exicitng , then I go outside , and see zombies , EEEEE , with venom and blood dripping from their heads , and maggots flying out of their skulss , EEEEEE then I hack out their brains then eat the brains , the gooey water flowing from their insides tasted good to me as I drunk it up , GRRRRRRR , OOOOOOOH , EEEEEE '' in ALL of their songs . I mean how stupid is that . See , even I can write a Cannibal Corpse song , I just did when I just gave you that example . Seriously , anyone can just sit down and write gory scary lyrics like that , I bet even a 6 year old could do it . I mean I 'd rather listen to Avril Lavigne than to listen to this . And their music is not THAT great . The solos are good , but just the music they play in general gets old after a while , becuase all of their songs sound the same and you ca n't tell the difference between any of them . This is n't good music at all . This band would be a whole lot better if it was n't for the extremely perverted lyrics , and if they started being more organized with their music , becuase like I said , their are parts in their songs where it seriously sounds like they 're just playing any random note/beat/chord . This is not worth your time listening to at all . Listen to some good metal bands like Lamb of God , Black Label Society , As I Lay Dying , Trivium , Rammstein , System of a Down , Static-X , Necrophagist , Mastodon , and the best guitarist ever , Jimmy Hendrix . Just do n't waste your time on this ... it 's not music , just garbage .
 How the hell have these idiots managed to sell after all these years ? All their songs sound the same ! ROO ! ROO ! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! Basically , who wants to hear songs like Force Fed Broken Glass , I C -- Blood and Hammer Smashed face ? I urge anyone to listen to better music , like NOFX , Craig Mack , 2Pac , Biggie , or The Distillers , just to name a few.Peace
 AC/DCEarly Judas Priest -LRB- i.e. Sad Wings of Destiny - Hell Bent For Leather -RRB- Metallica 's First Three Albums.Deep PurpleDef Leppard 's First Two Albums.Faith No MoreGuns 'n' RosesKing 's XLed ZeppelinOzzy OsbourneRushScorpionsVan Halen ... . In other words , old school metal!That said , you could do worse than Cannibal Corpse , for example Cradle of Filth . George Fisher himself said , `` You know what would be great ? If we did an album without any f ****** lyrics , and I just went ` Rah rah rah ' and just made ... the song titles the most disgusting , horrible graphic , songs you could ever imagine , and then they start talking s *** -LRB- about the songs -RRB- and we 'll be like , ` Well , there are no lyrics . ' '' In other words , do n't take these lyrics too seriously . What really turns me off to this band is the singing . To put it simply , DEATH METAL GROWLING/SCREAMING/BURPING SUCKS !!! It 's not `` hardcore '' or `` ear shredding '' or anything else you want to call it , it just sucks . There are no musical qualities to death metal singing . In fact , if a death metal band suddenly had a change of heart and hired a REAL singer , I would be their biggest fans . The closest thing we have to something like that today is Avenged Sevenfold . Until that happens , death metal will not earn anything more than two stars from me . -LRB- Man , was that review off-topic . -RRB-
 It 's so ... inspiringI love CC ! They 're my idols ! This is the cd I play when I have ` fun ' tee hee hee.Unfortunately it has been confiscated as I am now on death row charged with murdering my girlfriend . What was my motive ? She was so beautiful I just had to kill her . Plus its economic since now I have : A trendy new belt made from her vertebraA pair of nipple earringsA new blood goblet from her hollowed-out skullA nice blond scalp . . err wigA new body suitAnd enough stew to last me for months ! It 's great ! Just add a bit a cumin , some cardamom pods and a cinnamon stick . Yum!Anyhoo ! Have fun listening to this great , educational and exciting cd kiddies !
 Seriously , what deranged lunatic would appreciate this music . Just listening to the sound bites is enough to make my skin crawl . I felt like I needed to take a shower afterwards.This is just pure demonic works . Music ? No . Force fed broken glass ? Sick.I wish I could give this album and every single one a negative 5 . Actually I wish I could remove every single album that every person owns and have a huge bonfire in celebration of the destruction of that crap.Would you want your son or daughter listening to that?Is that becoming of a person?If you could care less what your children listen to , that 's the reason for the endless cycle of mayhem and violence we see today . Parents could care less , so children end up not caring , their children , and on and on and on . So sad.Parents , pay attention to what your kids listen to !!! If you find they listen to this stuff -LRB- crap -RRB- , get them to psychological counseling now !! PRAY !!! This is the crap that breeds serial killers !!!
 Whether the lyrics are meant for shocking purposes or not , if you like a band that has songs like `` Stripped , Raped , and Strangled '' or '' She was asking for it '' , I hope you feel proud of yourself . Sure , I thought their last album was terrific , but The Bleeding is from way back when Chris Barnes was still in the band . While his growls are still very cool -LRB- unlike his current garbage band -RRB- , the music on this disc is typical , generic early ` 90s death metal with some of the most immature lyrics ever layed down on paper . It 's been re-issued with a bonus song-a cover of Possessed 's `` The Exorcist '' and the video for `` Staring through the eyes of the dead '' .
 IM AHUGE FAN OF DEATH METAL BUT THESE GUYS ARE JUST WRONG THEY NEED HELP SERIOUSLY . YOU WANT SOME GOOD DEATH METAL TRY CRIMSON THORN , SO MUCH BETTER THAN THESE GUYS WITHOUT THE SICK GORE AND FILTH .
 For some reason I came across these guys on Amazon and was curious as to what they sounded like . I listened to them on the Amazon sound clip and found out THEY BLOW !!! I could n't understand a damn word this guy was saying and could tell the difference between these `` so called song '' . They have absolutely no talent at all .
 This is so bad-taste , I ca n't understand why some people like a band like that , with no good songs at all . Even in death metal genre , there are hundreds of better bands .
 This is such a pointless band . All it is is ear candy . They can pound on their guitars and scream bloody murder , but are they any GOOD ? Hardly . Every guitar riff is the same throughout the whole cd , all the lyrics are more repetitive than Jay Leno 's jokes . And you can tell it does n't take much intelligence to write on of their songs , look , I 'll write one for you here : Kill scum Eat Maggots GRrrrrrrrrrrRRR Guuuuuuur growwwwwwwwwwwllll GRAP AHHHHHHH worms in hole eat dead body CARCASS !
 Wow , it just never ends , does it ? People , listen . This is not `` eckstreeeeeeem brootalitie '' . This is not `` da bezzzt meddle see-dee evurr mayd '' . This is not `` reeeeeel medddle nd slippnott r fayk pozur wannabeeeez '' . This is just noise . It would seriously give me a headache if it were actually remotely heavy.I think I know how this band was formed . One day , a talentless jazz ensemble was playing a gig , and after ten years on the circuit , they were still getting booed off . So instead of continuing the path they were on , the lead singer suggested , `` Hey guys , let 's just ditch this whole jazz thing and become a complete novelty act ! We 'll just bang on our instruments like a bunch of intellect-impaired rhesus monkeys , and I 'll just belch out lyrics about stupid , ` scary ' stuff ! '' When the other members took interest , well , Cannibal Corpse was born.Is it death metal you want ?? Check out Napalm Death or early Fear Factory . Is it garbage you want ? Well , you 've found it .
 I have a question for all the people who like this music ... WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU !?!?! How can you say this is violent music ? You ca n't even understand what he 's saying . And the music it self sounds like they all got high on crack picked up an instrument , and started playing . And for all of you who thinks this will scare KoRn fans , your wrong . They 'll be crying alright , but only because they 'll be laughing so hard ! There are no meaning to the lyrics at all , he is n't any goods at song writing . And the vocals suck as much as everything else.Anyone can yell into a microphone , and talk about the many ways a person can die . All in all , if your planning on buying this CD do n't . Buy something worth what it costs . KoRn is your best bet . I know in other reviews , im going to get alot of angry feedback , but guess what ? Everything i just said was true .
 i ca n't believe how they sound what the hell is this i thought marilin manson is horrible but manson would never stoop this low it sounds like they are foaming at the mouth if this was my rating i would say 0.0
 Im a big fan of metal.I love Slayer and Pantera as well as Metallica.When I bought this I was just curious to see what it would sound like.Now I see I wasted my money.All the songs sound the same and the singer absolutely sucks.Sure they can play fast but so can lots of other artists.Fast guitars should be the least important element in music.Its all about the songs and all these sick twisted folks write is crap about incest and rape.How entertaining -LRB- if you can tell Im being sarcastic -RRB- . Please do not buy this worthless garbage.Thank you .
 Well , if this is CC best album ever , I imagine their worst ... This is another piece of junk released by the worst band on Earth , a band led by talentless musicians . And some people still buy it ... I 'd rather buy Madonna albums than the albums by these sick guys ...
 THis album should n't even be in the `` music '' category at Amzon , so bad it is . A total waste of time , money and everything . The `` musicians '' of this band should have their minds examined ...
 Well , I never thought that I 'd see the day that bands like these get record deals and put trash like this on the market . If you actually get brave enough to listen to this ` mined-numbin teknikalitee and brootality , ' you 'll hear nothing but noise . I 'm telling you this ahead of time . Whatever lyrics are discernable are of the most morbid and disgusting variety ... however I 'm not disturbed , or impressed . Oops ... looks like I missed the entire point of this album . These guys make Fred Durst look like an accomplished lyricist and songwriter . It 's sick . It 's stupid . It 's more immature than anything I 've ever seen or heard.You like metal ? You want something worth your while that shows excellent musicianship , yet explodes with heavyness ? Get something by Pantera , Mudvayne , or In Flames . That 's heavy .
 Hi they would have to be the worst band in the world . You propbably think im just a stupid pop fan who hates rock but actually no i like rock bands like system of a down . If you disagree with my review go look at the songs . If you think these songs are not horrible your either mental or you have a problem -LRB- e.g. depressed , hated , lonely , left out , beaten by parents , verbally abused , or sad -RRB- . Here is what cannibal corpse fans are usually like . Their usually poor , wear dirty clothing and dirty , have nasty parents , desperate for sex , have a crap payin job and a crap house if they live by themselves.Here are some true reasons why you should not buy this cd.no .1 they talk about raping ladies . no. 2 they recomend you kill yourself . no. 3 they say drugs are good . no. 4 they have done a song before which was talking about their sex life and who they have had sex with and raped . no. 5 this cd makes you depressed and it makes people who are all ready depressed even worse . no. 6 this album made some guy so depressed that he killed him self . no. 7 it gives you nightmares . no. 8 they where thought as one of the worlds bands with the worst lyrics and most untalented . So i would forget about them and get none of their albums and if you want to buy an album for a descent band go get albums by system of a down . They have never let me down and they are one of the most talented rock bands and they talk about more interesting things like social issues and whats happening around the world so atleast they sing about interesting things unlike those rock bands who just care about themselves and just sing about how they where unfortunate and hated , which i find is a load of crap because i knew a guy who used to go to my school who was beaten up every day and slept in a ward drobe and was taken away from his parents for being sexually abused .
 This band is horrible , all of there songs sound the same . You cant understand the singer , it sounds like he has something stuck in his throat and is trying to get it out , if you dont believe me listen to the clips . They may be able to play there instruments fast but thats all , this is not real metal , this is just a horrible excuse for music . I cant believe they have fans . Listen to some real metal like metallica or even slipknot , who cares , just not these guys .
 It 's the same song looped over and over , they just start playing it from different parts so they trick you and make you think it 's a different song . You got tricked !
 Cannibal Corpse are probably the worst death metal band ive ever heard !! I mean it 's just some messed up riffs not even played on a proper scale with heavy distortion !! Im only 13 years old and im sure i could play better.And the songs , OMG they all sound the same with the gore lyrics!This is definitely not worth anything !! If u want some good technical death metal listen to bands like Crpytopsy and stuff like that .
 I do n't think Cannibal Corpse are bad musicians . Enjoying death metal or not is a question of musical taste , every person has its own . And , inside a genre , of course there are good and bad musicians.I 'm not discussing the quality of CAnnibal Corpse 's musicians . I 'm discussing their character , their personality . What kind of person would , given the opportunity to make a record deal to record aggressive and no commercial music , use this opportunity to write such disgusting , bad , mean , obnoxious , insane , malevolent and utter evil lyrics ? Why would a musician in his right frame of mind do it ?!! WHy would them hire artists to draw such evil cover arts ? I 'm not saying `` evil '' in the religious sense , I mean evil in ideas , in character.I hate this band with all my heart -LRB- and this an evil feeling , I know ! -RRB- and I hope they dissapear forever .
 Cannibal Corpse is bad . They are mainly for people who think that talent involves shocking people . CC is , in a way , the Eminem of death metal . If you want truly good death metal , I suggest you check out Nile or Opeth , or maybe In Flames and At The Gates . All four of those bands can both sing and play cirlces around CC . Do not buy this .
 This CD is bizarre , the band is bizarre . It is bad produced , unhearable because of the weight of the guitars and the growls of the singer . Skip it at all costs if you can .
 These death metal bands are retarded , and so are the jerks who listen to them . They all sound the same , some dude grunting into a mic while some more dudes bang on instruments in the background . The lyrics sound like some grade school game of gross-out , or else they 're like , `` Let 's say some really cruel and hateful stuff about Jesus , that 'll really piss off the Christians , and maybe we 'll get some attention . '' Too bad , it does n't work , because no one can understand what the hell they 're saying anyway . I ca n't believe anyone actually writes this stuff , and they do n't need to rehearse because who could tell otherwise ? Why do these people hate Jesus so much anyway ? Did He really do something to them ? Do they hate Him because he neglected to bless them with actual musical talent ? What is it ? Ah who cares , I 'm sure He 's not worried about it . He probably just laughs and says `` Boy have I got a surprise for those guys when they die . '' Anyway , the only reason I 'm wondering about this is because it disturbs me to see anybody hating something or someone that much without even really having a reason . It 's not evil , it 's just sad . And if these dudes do n't believe in God or whatever , then why spend so much time dissin ' on Him ? If they had any talent , they would n't need to stoop so low to get attention . But there ya go - IF . I just feel sorry for the people who convince themselves this is great , powerful music , just so they can be `` different . '' It 's silly .
 Nothing to say , this is just crap .
 The bonus disk contains 10 mixes , nearly half already released in previous singles -LRB- Muhammad Ali , Tarnatula and Crazy English Summer -RRB- For me it was somewhat worth it because I never had the chance to get the singles , for others it will be somewhat of a disappointment due to the fact that this edition is n't as good as a Satruday 3PM or Irrreverence . Only thing concidered new are three never before heard mixes of `` We come 1 '' , occasional `` Step Too Far '' , and a `` Muhammad Ali `` None-the-less , I love this group and I will accept what 's given in this cd . I recommend those who do n't have Outropective nor the singles to listen before buying . If you already have the cds and singles , I 'd save my money for a possible `` Introspecitve '' remix project due in the Fall . I give this 2/5 because few mixes could 've been better .
 This has to be one of the most dissapointing albums i know . How come a dance group like Faithless with great hits like insomnia and god is a dj , make an album where 90 % of the songs are as far from that stuff as possible . The only song that really got the same sound as we remember from older days is `` We come 1 '' easily the best song on the album . If you like Dido there 's a song with here too called `` One step too far '' . Dido was a member of the group before she went solo . The way of singis is the same as before on the tracks with a chorus , but `` Mohammad Ali '' does n't sound like anything you previously heard of . There as some slow instrumental dance tracks too , but none of them are anything special . This album was dissapointing , i really thinkl they could make things better .
 Slayer is a real demonic band!Satan has put his evil spirits for every member on this band.Hell awaits for them ! Their music is the last call but why they ca n't hear that Jesus wants to save them . Evil forces are powerful but God will be the eternal winner .
 The item arrived with a wrong booklet , so now i am having and incomplete collection . I want my product to be replaced with a correct booklet without any cost .
 I like Slayer . I really do . This is one of the fastest , heaviest metal bands in existance , but I could never get in to their early albums , especially Hell Awaits . I tend to prefer their later albums like Reign in Blood , because they were much better produced . Rick Rubin made those records sound the way a speed metal record should , with everything up front in your face . Reign in Blood had the most `` in your face '' sound of any record I 've ever heard . Hell Awaits on the other hand is just soaked in so much reverb that it sometimes reminds me of `` Pyromania '' by Def Leppard ! This is one of the heaviest bands in existance . How is a speed metal band supposed to sound heavy when their producer insists on making them in to the speed metal version of Def Leppard ? Thrash is supposed to be `` in your face '' . There 's no place for reverb on a speed metal record . You want to hear heavilly reverbed production , than go buy a Def Leppard CD ! I myself prefer a more aggressive style that fits this kind of music . Down with reverb ! I HATE reverb ! Layers of reverb have no place in speed metal !
 And i 'm saying this as someone who enjoyed - SHOW NO MERCY-and liked-REIGN IN BLOOD - for it 's energy and speed . This album was one of the biggest disapointments of my life , i 'm serious here , after listening to this i had horrible pains in my stomach from utter disgust and feelings of being ripped off , thanx Slayer . This is basically for the die hard Slayer fan , some one who feels they need all of their albums to consider themself a `` true '' fan . Normaly bad production in an album does not really bother me , as long as the music is good , but this might just be the worst produced album ever , even worse then a Venom album . You would think that they would take time to find a talented producer who would do the music justice , but obviously i guess they were just concerned with making noise , which is esentially what this album is.Also on top of the fact that the music itself is simply horrible , through out it 's entire 35 minute span , there is not one distinguishable song/riff/tempo change or otherwise . You are esentially listing to noise , you ca n't even call these songs , anyone could put crap out like this , just make lots of scary noises and add in some hardcore satanic lyrics , nevermind musical ability . do n't listen to all these retard 5 star reviews from the dumb @ $ $ Slaytanic legions telling us it 's awsome b/c its Slayer . Slayer is a good band but they are no where near what people make them out to be , since when is it cool to not know how to write actual melodies or songs and make random noise?are you really a Necrophiliac Tom ? i swear your lyrics for that song simply made me belive you were , but i could be wrong , since it resembles something a pathetic attention starved 8th grader would write in his notebook in detention.Funny how random mile a minute notes topped of with whammy bar and trill strikes are considered soloing , listen to any of Kings solos and you will see what i mean . This CD should be banned , you are paying around $ 20 pure noise from a overrated band.Sorry for the tyraid , but i am feeling kind of P.O.ed that i payed $ 18 for pure noise . I write this to warn others of throwing money out the window . It is an absolute miracle that these guys have succeded in music , for they have no talent at all . Kerry King once made a comment that Kirk Hammette was overrated , he should speak for himself , he could n't play himself out of a paper bag and would be laughed out of music theory class 101 . Kirk runs circles around both King and Hannemen combind .
 ... but sometimes you must reach bottom to get to the top . I know , I know , they must have been on a budget , but I 'm sure they could 've found a decent quality studio at a cheap price . After all they lived in California , probably the epicenter of music -LRB- especially metal -RRB- in the 1980s . Many of these songs have potential , especially the song `` Hell Awaits , '' which sounds like a firestorm live , but not only does the bad sound quality kill it , Slayer sounds like that they did n't even try to give their demonic brand of metal any justice while recording . The guitar sounds like it 's being played on low volume through a dryer , and Tom Araya 's vocals sound like he 's talking through a dying a cell phone . ...
 I try to put the best face on things , no matter how bad something is i always try to look for a positive aspect . I 'm sorry , but i ca n't do it for this , i listened to Reign In Blood , and although i think Slayer is crap , i still gave it credit for what that album was , but this is simpley rancid.I wish Amazon gave us negative star options , because this deserves like a negative 20 , it is THAT bad . Hell Awaits is one of the worst things i have ever listened too , and no , its not because i 'm not HaRdCorE enough or refuse to worship satan or drink blood like all of you Slayer morons , it is simpley because it is headache inducing music of the most criminal kind . Listen to this the whole way through -LRB- which i did , unfortuanatly -RRB- , tracks 1-7 , and try to distinguish or memorize a single song , hard , is n't it ? It sounds like these guys went overboard with the satanic imagarey in an effort to come off as scary , they just ended up making themseleves look like retards.There should be laws against making music this abtrocius and downrigth pi $ $ poor.Compare this to say , Ride the Ligthning or Rust in Piece or something along those lines and you will see how inferior this is compared to people who KNOW HOW TO WRITE MUSIC ! If you want music with absolutly no sense of rythm , songwritting , talent or skill of any kind , just pure diareah made into music , this is for you ! Atleast these guys have faded away and are nothing but a mallcore metal act now for the 14 year old crowd a la Panterible style . TOM IS SCARY BECAUSE HE SINGS ABOUT BEING A NECROPHILIAC ! ARRRRRRGGGGGGGG , I 'M A HARDCORE SATANIST , BE SCARED OF US AND OUR S H I T MUSIC ! . Yup guys , you have me scared alrigth , now lets watch Scream.The song ratings are are : HELL AWAITS 3/10KILL AGAIN 2/10AT DAWN THEY SLEEP 2/10PRAISE OF DEATH 1/10NECROPHILIAC 1/10CRYPTS OF ETERNITY 2/10HARDENING OF THE ARTERIES 1/10Arn ' t those just F**K ING INTENSE SONGS TITLES !? This gets my vote as probably the absolute worst thing ever recorded in the history of music , and if you are indeed retarded enough to think that this is even slightly good , then it shows why you listen to Slayer .
 listening to this cd is `` hell '' the drumming sounds like they are at a circus and your watching the clowns running around . the songs run together and you ca n't tell one from another . i wasted my money !
 Hell really awaits for you in this record . A hell of bad songs , bad singing , bad songwriting , bad solos ... all this under the cover of `` metal '' . This is not metal . `` Metal '' is Iron Maiden , Metallica , Sabbath , Priest -LRB- of course , all these bands in their epic times -RRB- . Music like Slayer 's only denegrate metal .
 How can someone say `` Slayer is the greatest thing mankind has ever made '' ! Are you crazy ? These guys are a shame to metal , even speed metal , they do n't play anything in this albun , only noise . Anyway , there are people who like it . But who is more commercial ? Madonna or Slayer ? I do n't know ... In Madonna 's music -LRB- which I hate -RRB- there are at least musicality in their songs , some coeherence in songwriting . In Slayer , they keep selling for fools who think `` Slayer is the greatest thing mankind has ever made '' ...
 The production on this album is I have to say quite poor . The guitars seem muddy and buried in the mix and lack the punch seen in later albums . The bass also seems way too loud , and Arayas vocals sound like they were recorded in someones bathroom at times -LRB- e.g. Hell Awaits - Maybe it was supposed to sound like that ? -RRB- . I have become a slayer fan only recently so I have not seen them play live . I dare say that if some of these songs were played live or were re-recorded they would sound absolutely killer , but I personally just find it near impossible to get past the horrible sound on this disc . The lyrics -LRB- Necrophiliac ! Give me a break -RRB- and overlong songs do n't help at times either.If you are new to slayer I would advise you not to make this your introduction to them , it might well put you off a truly talented and influential band . For starters pick up reign in blood , south of heaven , or seasons in the abyss .
 I have nothing against Slayer . But time has passed . Not only is this album lacking with some pretty bad lyrics similar to Cannibal Corpse or any of the 10000 imitators it has absolutely one of the worst productions in all of history . Stay the hell away from this and thank me later . If you need it then torrent it .5 star reviewers of this album you might as well not trust worth a damn because they are Slayer fans with ZERO objectivity.This is one of the most terrible sounding recordings I have ever heard from one of the titans of metal . The solos and thrash are fairly dated though I recognize the beginnings of darker metal here as I recognize the beginnings of a lot of genres . Does n't mean it 's any good . Their debut was better imo but still pretty weak by current standards . After these first two the next three are a lot better.You can only go off how the record sounds and this is plainly horrific sounding . Slayer is a band that started out pretty bad and then got pretty good and then bad and then good again . They go in waves.If you want something decent listen to early Metallica , Megadeth , or Sepultura or whatever else for a good dose of that old school metal feeling or in fact skip ahead to Slayer 's next couple releases which are very good . This stuff here is hilarious . You can just see the tattoos and fist pumping satanic badasses when listening to this but the recording is so bad you wo n't know what to do about it . Some really average solos as well . Reign in Blood makes this look pretty shabby .
 IM AHUGE FAN OF DEATH METAL BUT THESE GUYS ARE JUST WRONG THEY NEED HELP SERIOUSLY . YOU WANT SOME GOOD DEATH METAL TRY CRIMSON THORN , SO MUCH BETTER THAN THESE GUYS WITHOUT THE SICK GORE AND FILTH .
 For some reason I came across these guys on Amazon and was curious as to what they sounded like . I listened to them on the Amazon sound clip and found out THEY BLOW !!! I could n't understand a damn word this guy was saying and could tell the difference between these `` so called song '' . They have absolutely no talent at all .
 This is so bad-taste , I ca n't understand why some people like a band like that , with no good songs at all . Even in death metal genre , there are hundreds of better bands .
 This is such a pointless band . All it is is ear candy . They can pound on their guitars and scream bloody murder , but are they any GOOD ? Hardly . Every guitar riff is the same throughout the whole cd , all the lyrics are more repetitive than Jay Leno 's jokes . And you can tell it does n't take much intelligence to write on of their songs , look , I 'll write one for you here : Kill scum Eat Maggots GRrrrrrrrrrrRRR Guuuuuuur growwwwwwwwwwwllll GRAP AHHHHHHH worms in hole eat dead body CARCASS !
 Wow , it just never ends , does it ? People , listen . This is not `` eckstreeeeeeem brootalitie '' . This is not `` da bezzzt meddle see-dee evurr mayd '' . This is not `` reeeeeel medddle nd slippnott r fayk pozur wannabeeeez '' . This is just noise . It would seriously give me a headache if it were actually remotely heavy.I think I know how this band was formed . One day , a talentless jazz ensemble was playing a gig , and after ten years on the circuit , they were still getting booed off . So instead of continuing the path they were on , the lead singer suggested , `` Hey guys , let 's just ditch this whole jazz thing and become a complete novelty act ! We 'll just bang on our instruments like a bunch of intellect-impaired rhesus monkeys , and I 'll just belch out lyrics about stupid , ` scary ' stuff ! '' When the other members took interest , well , Cannibal Corpse was born.Is it death metal you want ?? Check out Napalm Death or early Fear Factory . Is it garbage you want ? Well , you 've found it .
 I have a question for all the people who like this music ... WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU !?!?! How can you say this is violent music ? You ca n't even understand what he 's saying . And the music it self sounds like they all got high on crack picked up an instrument , and started playing . And for all of you who thinks this will scare KoRn fans , your wrong . They 'll be crying alright , but only because they 'll be laughing so hard ! There are no meaning to the lyrics at all , he is n't any goods at song writing . And the vocals suck as much as everything else.Anyone can yell into a microphone , and talk about the many ways a person can die . All in all , if your planning on buying this CD do n't . Buy something worth what it costs . KoRn is your best bet . I know in other reviews , im going to get alot of angry feedback , but guess what ? Everything i just said was true .
 i ca n't believe how they sound what the hell is this i thought marilin manson is horrible but manson would never stoop this low it sounds like they are foaming at the mouth if this was my rating i would say 0.0
 Im a big fan of metal.I love Slayer and Pantera as well as Metallica.When I bought this I was just curious to see what it would sound like.Now I see I wasted my money.All the songs sound the same and the singer absolutely sucks.Sure they can play fast but so can lots of other artists.Fast guitars should be the least important element in music.Its all about the songs and all these sick twisted folks write is crap about incest and rape.How entertaining -LRB- if you can tell Im being sarcastic -RRB- . Please do not buy this worthless garbage.Thank you .
 Well , if this is CC best album ever , I imagine their worst ... This is another piece of junk released by the worst band on Earth , a band led by talentless musicians . And some people still buy it ... I 'd rather buy Madonna albums than the albums by these sick guys ...
 THis album should n't even be in the `` music '' category at Amzon , so bad it is . A total waste of time , money and everything . The `` musicians '' of this band should have their minds examined ...
 Well , I never thought that I 'd see the day that bands like these get record deals and put trash like this on the market . If you actually get brave enough to listen to this ` mined-numbin teknikalitee and brootality , ' you 'll hear nothing but noise . I 'm telling you this ahead of time . Whatever lyrics are discernable are of the most morbid and disgusting variety ... however I 'm not disturbed , or impressed . Oops ... looks like I missed the entire point of this album . These guys make Fred Durst look like an accomplished lyricist and songwriter . It 's sick . It 's stupid . It 's more immature than anything I 've ever seen or heard.You like metal ? You want something worth your while that shows excellent musicianship , yet explodes with heavyness ? Get something by Pantera , Mudvayne , or In Flames . That 's heavy .
 Hi they would have to be the worst band in the world . You propbably think im just a stupid pop fan who hates rock but actually no i like rock bands like system of a down . If you disagree with my review go look at the songs . If you think these songs are not horrible your either mental or you have a problem -LRB- e.g. depressed , hated , lonely , left out , beaten by parents , verbally abused , or sad -RRB- . Here is what cannibal corpse fans are usually like . Their usually poor , wear dirty clothing and dirty , have nasty parents , desperate for sex , have a crap payin job and a crap house if they live by themselves.Here are some true reasons why you should not buy this cd.no .1 they talk about raping ladies . no. 2 they recomend you kill yourself . no. 3 they say drugs are good . no. 4 they have done a song before which was talking about their sex life and who they have had sex with and raped . no. 5 this cd makes you depressed and it makes people who are all ready depressed even worse . no. 6 this album made some guy so depressed that he killed him self . no. 7 it gives you nightmares . no. 8 they where thought as one of the worlds bands with the worst lyrics and most untalented . So i would forget about them and get none of their albums and if you want to buy an album for a descent band go get albums by system of a down . They have never let me down and they are one of the most talented rock bands and they talk about more interesting things like social issues and whats happening around the world so atleast they sing about interesting things unlike those rock bands who just care about themselves and just sing about how they where unfortunate and hated , which i find is a load of crap because i knew a guy who used to go to my school who was beaten up every day and slept in a ward drobe and was taken away from his parents for being sexually abused .
 This band is horrible , all of there songs sound the same . You cant understand the singer , it sounds like he has something stuck in his throat and is trying to get it out , if you dont believe me listen to the clips . They may be able to play there instruments fast but thats all , this is not real metal , this is just a horrible excuse for music . I cant believe they have fans . Listen to some real metal like metallica or even slipknot , who cares , just not these guys .
 It 's the same song looped over and over , they just start playing it from different parts so they trick you and make you think it 's a different song . You got tricked !
 Cannibal Corpse are probably the worst death metal band ive ever heard !! I mean it 's just some messed up riffs not even played on a proper scale with heavy distortion !! Im only 13 years old and im sure i could play better.And the songs , OMG they all sound the same with the gore lyrics!This is definitely not worth anything !! If u want some good technical death metal listen to bands like Crpytopsy and stuff like that .
 I do n't think Cannibal Corpse are bad musicians . Enjoying death metal or not is a question of musical taste , every person has its own . And , inside a genre , of course there are good and bad musicians.I 'm not discussing the quality of CAnnibal Corpse 's musicians . I 'm discussing their character , their personality . What kind of person would , given the opportunity to make a record deal to record aggressive and no commercial music , use this opportunity to write such disgusting , bad , mean , obnoxious , insane , malevolent and utter evil lyrics ? Why would a musician in his right frame of mind do it ?!! WHy would them hire artists to draw such evil cover arts ? I 'm not saying `` evil '' in the religious sense , I mean evil in ideas , in character.I hate this band with all my heart -LRB- and this an evil feeling , I know ! -RRB- and I hope they dissapear forever .
 Cannibal Corpse is bad . They are mainly for people who think that talent involves shocking people . CC is , in a way , the Eminem of death metal . If you want truly good death metal , I suggest you check out Nile or Opeth , or maybe In Flames and At The Gates . All four of those bands can both sing and play cirlces around CC . Do not buy this .
 This CD is bizarre , the band is bizarre . It is bad produced , unhearable because of the weight of the guitars and the growls of the singer . Skip it at all costs if you can .
 These death metal bands are retarded , and so are the jerks who listen to them . They all sound the same , some dude grunting into a mic while some more dudes bang on instruments in the background . The lyrics sound like some grade school game of gross-out , or else they 're like , `` Let 's say some really cruel and hateful stuff about Jesus , that 'll really piss off the Christians , and maybe we 'll get some attention . '' Too bad , it does n't work , because no one can understand what the hell they 're saying anyway . I ca n't believe anyone actually writes this stuff , and they do n't need to rehearse because who could tell otherwise ? Why do these people hate Jesus so much anyway ? Did He really do something to them ? Do they hate Him because he neglected to bless them with actual musical talent ? What is it ? Ah who cares , I 'm sure He 's not worried about it . He probably just laughs and says `` Boy have I got a surprise for those guys when they die . '' Anyway , the only reason I 'm wondering about this is because it disturbs me to see anybody hating something or someone that much without even really having a reason . It 's not evil , it 's just sad . And if these dudes do n't believe in God or whatever , then why spend so much time dissin ' on Him ? If they had any talent , they would n't need to stoop so low to get attention . But there ya go - IF . I just feel sorry for the people who convince themselves this is great , powerful music , just so they can be `` different . '' It 's silly .
 Nothing to say , this is just crap .
 in an earlier review it was stated that if you did n't like the vocals or ideas behind this band , you were shallow-minded . that 's to suggest that these ideals are `` deep '' , which is sad if you think about it.i listened to a few samples off of these guys , expecting to be thoroughly dissapointed . however , surprisingly , it 's not in musicianship that they lack , and i do n't even like death metal . the problem here is the cheesy , overdone vocals and lyrics . the rest of the work on the album loses credibility as well due to the fact that it is used to send out such a heinous message.CC fails to be practical , sensible , you name it . saying that this kind of thing is for the `` open-minded '' is a bit much . talking about rape ? not cool . using the term figuratively is one thing but discussing it like this is both selfish and naive . CC will never in their lives experience something as brutal and psychologically underminding as rape and they have no right to sing about it . if it 's art , then it 's art at the expense of others , which they fail to realize . maybe it 's not art to them , maybe this is all some big joke . i would hope so . in fact , soem of their lyrics just make me wan na crack up . however , as a final word , being this insensitive is inhuman and does n't deserve the funding it receives . in fact , without all that money , i doubt they would be singing about such things . learn to put things in perspective CC .
 i respect cannibal corpse and all the INSTRUMENTS . the guitar and bass is great and the drums 4 hardcore . but the singer has no musical talent ! dont get me wrong i love metal i listen 2 mudvayne slipknot cradle of filth and i hate it when people say they have no musical talent but this band.i know a band isnt about vocals but these vocals just ruin the instruments . i wouldnt even bother
 I can listen to this one just about anywhere . It is one of the few albums that I own that I can grab , throw in the car , and know I will want to listen to it . It has everything I want , relentless double bass , cool guitar riffs , good flow , vocal style that works with the music and not against it . On a side note I would recommend this album to anybody who is developing a need for more extreme types of music . Although I prefer the newer albums this is the album that got me interested in Cannibal Corpse .
 I 'm a big heavy / trash metal , hard-rock fan and I 'd like to say something about Cannibal Corpse . People who like their sound , thinking that `` death metal '' is really radical , different and non-commercial , should think different . This band is more commercial than Madonna , Michael Jackson or Back Street Kids . Although they make much less money than the stars I quoted , they do n't play nothing ! Under the cover of `` having an attitude '' , they maintain a public without composing good songs , without at least improving in their own musical style and entire songs with only three or for accords . Who is more commercial ?
 It 's not like I hate Black Metal and Death Metal but I think this album is very low class garbage that is put out to attract the `` freaks '' . The `` freaks '' try to scare everyone by liking bands with messages that your mother would shun . It 's all for shock and attention . I bought this cd for 7 dollars from a street side vendor and I think it really is n't good . The one high pitched screaming person is really annoying and adds nothing to the song except laughability . Give me a break you `` tortured souls '' . Buyer beware , if you buy this , it will not make you cool or strange . Just really stupid for letting a talentless band like this sell things and making them popular . Cradle of Filth and Meshuggah run circles around this one trick pony .
 The Bleeding is a definite disappointment after CC 's masterpiece `` Tomb of the Mutilated '' . Tracks like `` stripped ... '' have a good intro , but then fall apart . There are no sustained brutal sections that are worth listening . Only a few sections stand out , aspects which make this album fall from expectations .
 For all of you people who say things like `` Cannibal Corpse Rocks ! `` well my friend , you are sooooo wrong.You cant understand a word that the lead singer says , but if you look at the CD tracks , you will be given an idea that they sing about nothing but death.All death metal , in my opinion at least , is stupid.It is nothing but a lead singer grunt screaming while the guitarist plays guitar distorted while the drummer bangs on his drum at the speed of light.That is exactly what this band is.If you want some good music , check out some alternative rock .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 Just plain stupid . Cannibal Corpse has got to be the lamest band I have ever heard of , I would laugh my ass off listening to these guys for about 15 minutes and then I would get bored of hearing the same song over and over again . Even if the music is complicated to play-so what ? That does n't make it good . Nor does the fact that they use `` scary '' lyrics to try and impress metal heads who are sick of the `` stupid posers '' taking over the airwaves . Hey , I 've barely hung around the metal genre , but that does n't make me inept from telling that these guys are posers themselves . Why ? Because all their albums are practically exact copies -LRB- like posers -RRB- , they do n't really have any musical talent -LRB- like posers -RRB- and they try and use lame shock attempts to make a few bucks -LRB- like posers -RRB- . Hey , instead of listening to corpse griner belch about killing or eating somebody , why do n't you listen to someone who has something actually worth listening to ? This crap might be fun for the few weeks but in the end all it turns out to be is crap . Think about it .
 this is the worst band evermany have said how this band is talented and crap like that but this is nothing but predictable , disgusting trash
 Cannibal Corpse ... now I know these guys are supposed to be the next big thing in Death Metal , but honestly , this band is bad . Yes , the guitar solo 's are good , the guitars are good , the drummer is alright , and as for the bass player , you could never hear him becasue of the guitars . There are too many times in their songs where they sound as if they 're playing any random note or chord . Now do n't get me wrong , I 'm a big fan of heavy metal ... but this stuff is just horrible and stupid . How perverted are these lyrics ... constantly talking about all of this gore crap in ALL of their songs ? I mean ask yourselves , what is the point about CONSTANTLY singing about raping , tortuing , and beating women , killing people , ripping out people 's insides , ripping off people 's skin , talking about certain body parts , butchuring and killing babies , talking about maggots , venom , and death ? -LRB- just to name a few of the VARIOUS gory topics they talk about -RRB- and just writing horrible music like that ? I mean these guys think its cool and think it 's a joke but it is n't . The guys from Cannibal Corpse keep talking in their interviews about how their lyrics are n't supposed to be taken seriously , but if that 's true , then why are so many people mad about it ? I thought heavy metal lyrics were supposed to be about your emotions and feelings , or about how you 're angry at life , how you 're sick of certain things . I thought lyrics were supposed to be meaningful . Cannibal Corspe is heavy no doubt about that , they 're probably the heaviest band you 'll meet . But I do n't feel right listening to their songs , realizing that this is the stuff they talk about . You can be able to tell that this is a putrid band just by looking at the artwork on the CD cover or the song titles . But you know something , I think these guys are doing it just for the attention , to be honest . No one else has written these kinds of lyrics before , no one has made violent graphic disturbing artwork on a CD cover like this . I really think this is done only for attention . Everybody likes them because of how `` cool '' and `` tough '' Cannibal Corpse looks . Cannibal Corpse probably thinks that takling about beating women , killing babies , and all of that sort makes them look tough , and is a way of selling albums . Oh yeah , that 's tough , but I bet that they never have the balls to do that in real life . It should be illegal to write music like this . Why write lyrics about things that happen in for other people 's unfortune in real life ? This stuff should n't be taken lightly and taken as a joke , it should n't . The band Cannibal Corpse has been a band for about over a decade , and made LOTS of albums , but the sad thing is , they have n't changed their lyric style AT ALL . A whole decade of nothing but `` GRRRRR EEEEEEEE , smelling a girl 's insides , it was so enchanting , EEEEEEEE , I raped her and then beat her on the head with shot gun , while masterbating to it , EEEEEE OOOOOOOOOOH , and it was exicitng , then I go outside , and see zombies , EEEEE , with venom and blood dripping from their heads , and maggots flying out of their skulss , EEEEEE then I hack out their brains then eat the brains , the gooey water flowing from their insides tasted good to me as I drunk it up , GRRRRRRR , OOOOOOOH , EEEEEE '' in ALL of their songs . I mean how stupid is that . See , even I can write a Cannibal Corpse song , I just did when I just gave you that example . Seriously , anyone can just sit down and write gory scary lyrics like that , I bet even a 6 year old could do it . I mean I 'd rather listen to Avril Lavigne than to listen to this . And their music is not THAT great . The solos are good , but just the music they play in general gets old after a while , becuase all of their songs sound the same and you ca n't tell the difference between any of them . This is n't good music at all . This band would be a whole lot better if it was n't for the extremely perverted lyrics , and if they started being more organized with their music , becuase like I said , their are parts in their songs where it seriously sounds like they 're just playing any random note/beat/chord . This is not worth your time listening to at all . Listen to some good metal bands like Lamb of God , Black Label Society , As I Lay Dying , Trivium , Rammstein , System of a Down , Static-X , Necrophagist , Mastodon , and the best guitarist ever , Jimmy Hendrix . Just do n't waste your time on this ... it 's not music , just garbage .
 How the hell have these idiots managed to sell after all these years ? All their songs sound the same ! ROO ! ROO ! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! Basically , who wants to hear songs like Force Fed Broken Glass , I C -- Blood and Hammer Smashed face ? I urge anyone to listen to better music , like NOFX , Craig Mack , 2Pac , Biggie , or The Distillers , just to name a few.Peace
 AC/DCEarly Judas Priest -LRB- i.e. Sad Wings of Destiny - Hell Bent For Leather -RRB- Metallica 's First Three Albums.Deep PurpleDef Leppard 's First Two Albums.Faith No MoreGuns 'n' RosesKing 's XLed ZeppelinOzzy OsbourneRushScorpionsVan Halen ... . In other words , old school metal!That said , you could do worse than Cannibal Corpse , for example Cradle of Filth . George Fisher himself said , `` You know what would be great ? If we did an album without any f ****** lyrics , and I just went ` Rah rah rah ' and just made ... the song titles the most disgusting , horrible graphic , songs you could ever imagine , and then they start talking s *** -LRB- about the songs -RRB- and we 'll be like , ` Well , there are no lyrics . ' '' In other words , do n't take these lyrics too seriously . What really turns me off to this band is the singing . To put it simply , DEATH METAL GROWLING/SCREAMING/BURPING SUCKS !!! It 's not `` hardcore '' or `` ear shredding '' or anything else you want to call it , it just sucks . There are no musical qualities to death metal singing . In fact , if a death metal band suddenly had a change of heart and hired a REAL singer , I would be their biggest fans . The closest thing we have to something like that today is Avenged Sevenfold . Until that happens , death metal will not earn anything more than two stars from me . -LRB- Man , was that review off-topic . -RRB-
 It 's so ... inspiringI love CC ! They 're my idols ! This is the cd I play when I have ` fun ' tee hee hee.Unfortunately it has been confiscated as I am now on death row charged with murdering my girlfriend . What was my motive ? She was so beautiful I just had to kill her . Plus its economic since now I have : A trendy new belt made from her vertebraA pair of nipple earringsA new blood goblet from her hollowed-out skullA nice blond scalp . . err wigA new body suitAnd enough stew to last me for months ! It 's great ! Just add a bit a cumin , some cardamom pods and a cinnamon stick . Yum!Anyhoo ! Have fun listening to this great , educational and exciting cd kiddies !
 Seriously , what deranged lunatic would appreciate this music . Just listening to the sound bites is enough to make my skin crawl . I felt like I needed to take a shower afterwards.This is just pure demonic works . Music ? No . Force fed broken glass ? Sick.I wish I could give this album and every single one a negative 5 . Actually I wish I could remove every single album that every person owns and have a huge bonfire in celebration of the destruction of that crap.Would you want your son or daughter listening to that?Is that becoming of a person?If you could care less what your children listen to , that 's the reason for the endless cycle of mayhem and violence we see today . Parents could care less , so children end up not caring , their children , and on and on and on . So sad.Parents , pay attention to what your kids listen to !!! If you find they listen to this stuff -LRB- crap -RRB- , get them to psychological counseling now !! PRAY !!! This is the crap that breeds serial killers !!!
 Whether the lyrics are meant for shocking purposes or not , if you like a band that has songs like `` Stripped , Raped , and Strangled '' or '' She was asking for it '' , I hope you feel proud of yourself . Sure , I thought their last album was terrific , but The Bleeding is from way back when Chris Barnes was still in the band . While his growls are still very cool -LRB- unlike his current garbage band -RRB- , the music on this disc is typical , generic early ` 90s death metal with some of the most immature lyrics ever layed down on paper . It 's been re-issued with a bonus song-a cover of Possessed 's `` The Exorcist '' and the video for `` Staring through the eyes of the dead '' .
 Live Undead is n't a must have to be in your collection of Slayer albums . This record only provides evidence of the greedy Metal Blade record label . Some people say that they threw in an audience sample afterwards to create a fake live album . Well it is and it is n't . This is n't a concert , but it 's a real audience . This is slayer simply rehearsing 7 of their songs from Show No Mercy and Haunting the Chapel and they brought about 20 or more fans into the studio or whatever to hear them play . On the plus side , several of these songs are played better than the originals , however the production is terrible . A possible reason for this is that Brian Slagel and Metal Blade released this without permission from Slayer , at the time they knew nothing about it . What is here is early slayer , just beginning to develop their true sound , but it 's only 23 minutes in length and Metal blade is asking 17 dollars for it ? But as fellow reviewer FU2 put it , Here 's what they should have done , take all four Metal blade releases , remaster them , maybe add some bonus tracks and release them as 2 discs with maybe Show No Mercy/Haunting the Chapel and Hell Awaits/Live Undead or something similar . But here is the real kicker about this record that is my biggest complaint . On most early versions -LRB- Vinyl and first CD release and some Imports -RRB- there is a redone version of CHEMICAL WARFARE as a untitled track with better quality than the original that can no longer be found on this release . Why ? I have no idea.If you are planning to get this , chances are you are a fanatic , and personally , this is the only slayer release that I have yet to see in a CD store . I recommend finding this off eBay , and maybe the Vinyl version as that is a picture disc and is a really cool thing to look at and features the picture on the back of the case with the band playing but with a hole in Tom 's face for the record player.I give this two stars because this is n't worth the price that they are asking for . This is listenable but there are plenty of other bootlegs out there with more songs if that is what you are looking for , because that is exactly what this is . Metal blade 's cash in on Slayer because as I stated before , Slayer knew nothing about this until it was released . I could n't possibly give anything from Slayer a One star because that just does n't seem possible , as the talent is present , but this thing just does n't have very good sound and is n't worth the price and once again , only for fanatics . Hoped this helped.Interesting fact
 I am sorry to make this album only have a bonus song via itunes is the worst thing ever .
 I 'd really give Destroyed by Sloppy Seconds 2.5 stars . It 's a fun album with funny lyrics , but it kind of gets old near the end . I pull this CD out every once in a while for some high energy three-chord slamming , but I rarely listen to the entire CD straight through and it goes back on the shelf not in my steady `` heavy rotation '' CD section . It 's hard to be a joke band that people take seriously ... so I think Sloppy Seconds would be pleased with a two start rating . They do n't want to be complicated progrock like Yes , and they do what they do well - it just gets boring after multiple songs of goofball joke lyrics and repeated power chords . If you like the Dead Milkmen , Circle Jerks , Green Day , or Blink182 listen to Destroyed by Sloppy Seconds it 's worth checking out .
 YEAH $ 20 may not seem much to you but and postage and exchange rate into Australia it becomes $ 35 !!!!
 At least the cover looks cool but ... I ca n't say much for the music . This is derivative , second-rate industrial metal at a time when it was becoming a trendy genre to get into in order to make a little money . The production is murky and uninteresting . The music and vocals all just kind of blend together song after song . This cd bored me to death !
 Far too much studio work and not enough life . It would have been far better for them to have recorded just him .
 First let me say I am a huge Soul Coughing fan . Maybe that 's my problem . Or maybe the problem is this disc being so horribly bad . I 'm not saying there 's no market for this disc , but if you were hip enough to get SC then odds are you are not this market.When I saw Dave Matthews credited on one of the tracks I almost passed it by . The guy in the store said the same thing happened earlier that day , with another guy passing it up due to the DM connection . But I figured , whatever , the guy 's got ta eat . Let him put some mass market star on his disc if it 'll pay the bills , he 's still good.I was so wrong.Watered down , unbelievably bland adult contemporary refuse . Pretty much every track sounds like every other . Gone are the cutting wit , the twisted view , the fascinating soundscapes ... even , for the most part , the oddly synchopated styling . In short , anything that might make this travesty vaugely listenable . I 'd rather hear a Dave Matthews album , and that 's saying a lot.I honestly can not remember a CD purchase I 've regretted more or enjoyed less . Gray Ghost is a decent song , I 'll even call it good , but it 's not worth 15 bucks and the rest of the album is worthless , except perhaps as a cautionary example . The only thing that kept me from hurling this from my car window in disgust was the thought of salvaging 4 bucks on a trade-in for something good . What a waste.What I do n't understand is how anyone who knew of his earlier work could possibly enjoy this . And if you did n't , how would you know to pick it up?If you like bland adult contemporary , by all means pick this up . If you think Dave Matthews has made some meaningful contributions to music then please help yourself . But if you are into SC or weird , interesting sound then run for the hills and do n't look back .
 I saw Mike Doughty open for the Barenaked Ladies and he was horrible . I walked out until the screeching had ended . Do not waste your money on Mike Doughty ! I beg you !
 I 'm a big Fates Warning fan , but this album is certainly not their best work . The tunes are bloated and John Arch , who has a tendency to go a bit over the top , goes way over the top with his vocals on this one . If you want classic Arch-era Fates , stick with Awaken the Guardian .
 This was Fates Warning 's second album . At the time the album was released , the term ` Progressive Metal ' had n't really entered the English language in any substantial or meaningful way . Listening to the first track , one could tell there was something very special brewing ! ` Traveller in Time ' was an exceptional choice as an opener , and is still among the best compositions this band has written.This album showcases the band 's first use of odd meter and ` power polychords ' i.e. playing G5 over E5 on separate guitars with distortion to make an E-7 sound . These techniques would become somewhat a Fates Warning signature on most of their future releases.Although this album has some exceptional moments , one can hear very strong Iron Maiden influences in many of the songs , particularly the use of ` galloping ' rhythmic figures and John Arch 's occasional Bruce Dickinson vocal inflections and timbre . Also , one occasionally hears interludes that are reminiscent of some of the more awkward moments on ` Night on Brocken ' , their debut album.As a mid-80s metal album -LRB- forget prog . for the moment -RRB- , this is an exceptional release . As a progressive rock/metal album it is best described as 'em erging ' . For anyone who wants an excellent audio documentation of very well written mid-80s metal influenced in equal parts by the ` New Wave of British Heavy Metal ' and progressive rock , this is a highly recommended release .
 Unbeliavable the rviwe we read here ... . Saying this is the best metal album EVER ... . . You must be making a bad , very bad joke ... This early effort by Fates Warning is totally lackluster ... This Geoff Tate wanna-be singer has an annoying voice . The songs are pedestrian , mediocre at best . And they are not similar AT ALL to Iron Maiden or Judas Priest . I would be glad if they were ... . This a a talented band in their beginnings , tryind to do the best metal they could , but this album has absolutely NOTHING special about it .
 This is before fates warning was a decent progressive band , in this album it 's clear that the pressures of the eighties shred metal era was the sound they were trying to get , some nice progressive stuff , but very repetivive music , I believe in albums there should be balance , there is none in this one , get the later stuff , the new live album is good , and so is parallels
 This album is so weak , so cliched , so perfunctory , that it plagues the iamge of metal . Arch 's screaming voice is ridiculous , the songs have no identity at all . FATES WARNING first work to be taken seriously was AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN . Their first two albums are useless pieces of copies of hundreds of much better heavy metal albums . And , even with AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN , it was their change of cocnept -LRB- going more progressive -RRB- that really made them to be around until today .
 Yes , folks , it 's yet another over-hyped gravelly-voiced singer-songwriter from Texas . -LRB- Boy , those Brits will fall for anything with a twang nowadays -RRB- You 've all heard this stuff before from countless other coffeehouse troubadours . There are a few interesting production touches to break the monotony here , but nothing can keep Klein 's grating yowl from getting on your nerves . Somebody get this boy a lozenge !
 After my first listen to GM 's new CD I totally hated it . It sounds nothing like the GM that I 'm used to from past CD 's . All of the songs have NO connection and there is n't even ONE big single among them . I thought if I listened to `` Patience '' a few more times that I would at least be able to pick out a favorite song , but that has not been the case . GM needs to go back into the studio and create music and songs from his heyday of the late 1980 's and 1990 's . Then - maybe - he will have some more hits on his hands .
 In his first CD of originals since 1996s listless ` Older ' , we find George Michael reading through his journals - he 's happily in love with his Texas beau , he mourns the suicide of his gay uncle at an unfortunate time in gay-history , and he appears to have passed the humiliation of that little Will Rogers Memorial Park men 's room incident . While we are happy for his love life -LSB- and we could assume he 'll be okay after his recent drug arrest -RSB- and to just hear him croon again , we could have - should have - expected anything more current sounding than the cornball confessionals , drippy ballads and narcoleptic mid-tempo dance ditties he 's pumped out for almost 2 decades . Welcome to the millennium , George . Long live 1987 . My grade
 Ahhh , another monotonous , dull , lifeless creation by George Michael . I 've loved this man 's music since the days of Wham , however I though Older was dull , lifeless and boring , this album makes Older sound a bit more lively . What 's up with these over seven minute songs ? It 's the same beat and melody through the entire 7 minutes plus . Ahhh . Boring boring boring ! God , songs in the past like Fantasy , Freedom 90 , I 'm your Man , Edge of Heaven were all toe tapping brilliant creations . Though some of the melodies on this new disc are ` pleasant ' , they 're too long and drawn out . Ca n't say he 's tapped out of creative energy ... Outside was brilliant . Though ... that was six years ago and perhaps he lost the passion . He claims that he 's not going to put out any more records and provide his songs over the internet . Perhaps that 's a wise decision . Older and Patience have not been worth the wait . If George is so in love again and happy , he needs to start writing better songs to reflect that , bright cheerful happy songs ! Those blended with proper ballads is the George Michael we loved from the previous years .
 It is not going to bring George Michael back to American airwaves , but there are many great artist of the past and present that do not get their fair share of airplay . It is still an album of true to the heart songs that describe this artist 's struggles . To me , lyrics sometimes out weigh the hooks that the general population listen for ...
 `` Patience '' is a pathetic attempt by George Michael to put an album together . While his voice is still as amazing as ever , the songs in this album range from dismal -LRB- as in the case of `` Patience '' -RRB- to mundane -LRB- as in the case of `` John and Elvis as dead '' -RRB- . As a huge George Michael fan , I am truly disappointed with this album . It is evident by these songs that George Michael has lost touch with reality . George Michael has forgotten that he is , first and foremost , an entertainer and not a politician or a social activist . As a result , he has completely lost the inspiration that lead him to write amazing lyrics throughout his career . My advice
 From the liner notes , George states that this album took 5 years to complete . I think they should have put another 5 more into it . The songs are boring , they go nowhere , and the music never really gels into anything cohesive or coherent . I feel like I 'm listening to the past 10 years of his therapy sessions . And they are as BORING as hell .
 This review is late , but I had to put it out there . After waiting so , so , so long for new George Michael , I was very disappointed . I read all the reviews , got hyped up and pre-ordered the CD . I did n't like it . I did n't expect him to pick up right where he left off but PATIENCE was a total 360 . I did n't like it . Do n't think I even finished listening to the enitre thing . I decided to include my review simply because I purchased it on the strength of other reviews . I love George Michael and am always in his corner , but I could n't get behind Patience .
 George Michael did n't put his best foot forward on this album , yet it reminds me of how much he thinks he trying to give his fans something worthwhile . We all are mostly disappointed in this half-hearted effort from a very talented man , George stop relaxing and get to work . Avoid this album if possible .
 As unbelievable as this might sound , I 've been rooting for Michael . I 've always admired the man , even when I was thirteen , teasing my younger sister for liking Wham ! , though secretly I would listen to `` Careless Whispers '' over and again on my Walkman -LRB- which was the size of a very large paperback -RRB- . Yes , even back then I loved Michael 's white boy soul -LRB- emphasis on white boy -RRB- and his male model looks.Okay , so Michael has struggled since his first solo outing , Faith . Part of the problem might be lethargy . Since 1987 , Faith 's debut , Michael has released -- get this now -- four records ! In between , Michael has sprinkled his public with singles , odds and ends -LRB- covers , duets -RRB- , and a greatest hits CD . Throw in a promised -- and then revoked -- world tour , and George finishes a close second to Michael Jackson in the `` I 'm - Still-Famous-For-Doing-Practically-Nothing '' award . Give the boy credit , though . Michael has kept his name on the charts and he 's kept his seemingly permanent five o'clock shadowed-mug in the spotlight -RRB- . Patience , Michael 's newest offering , is CD bloat -- and perhaps contractual obligation -- masquerading as artistic sincerity and depth . The fourteen tracks on Patience average five minutes in length , meaning that , yes , one must have patience with this record . I do n't . Two songs are weepy confessional narratives -LRB- `` My Mother Had a Brother , '' `` Round Here '' -RRB- , two others are vague political barbs -LRB- `` Shoot the Dog , '' `` American Angel '' -RRB- , and three songs are about the sad current state of things -LRB- `` Patience , '' `` John and Elvis are Dead '' -RRB- . Strangely , yet admirably , Michael has recently pledged to stop selling traditional albums ; in the future , all his music will be available as free downloads , liberating Michael from the pressure of having to release new material by such-and-such date . Which I guess means that we can expect a new Michael song once per decade . Thank you , George.Standout Tracks
 i ran out to buy this cd after having heard the single `` amazing '' which i immediately fell in love with and expected to hear more great songs on george michael 's comeback album . boy , was i disappointed ! `` patience '' is an apt title for this cd because you 're going to need alot of it to get through these songs . after `` amazing '' it 's downhill all the way . i listened to the cd all the way through twice and was still unable to single out one other song that was in any was memorable or stood out among all the others . they all blended into a big boring mess ! getting through this cd was an effort and i 'll probably never listen to it again . of course , george michael 's voice is still the same wonderful instrument it always was , but unfortunately it 's not enough to carry this dreary assortment of songs.i want the old george michael back .
 I 've been a pretty loyal fan of George , but this album , well , it lacks the groove of his other work . Amazing is okay , but Shoot the Dog and Freek are the best ... still , he lost his zip . Listen without Prejudice was far better ... better beats , better vocals , better groove . I 'm very disappointed ... do n't spend $ on the import .
 Being a diehard GKP fan , this was more of a letdown than a joy.George is the most `` Amazing '' songwriter of the past 40 years . His voice is the most beautiful , haunting and powerful of any male singer EVER ! He has always been a polished producer as well.That is why I 'm puzzled by `` Patience '' . Six of the songs are lacking the melody and passion I 've come to expect from George.I 'd say that for a GKP hardcore fan as myself , this is a must have . But for the typical consumer , buy the singles instead.Here 's my 2 cents worth ... 1 . `` Patience '' blah blah blah yada yada yada2 . `` Amazing '' Perfect GKP all around A + + + + + +3 . `` John & Elvis Are Dead '' I get what he 's trying to say , but this is a flat attempt .4 . `` Cars & Trains '' Great idea ... no melody ... bummer5 . `` Round Here '' VERY COOL !!!!!! 6 . `` Shoot The Dog '' AWESOME !!! Would even make a Republican tap their foot . A + + + + + +7 . `` My Mother Had a Brother '' Haunting lyrics ... melody is flat8 . `` Flawless -LRB- Go To The City -RRB- '' So cool , it 's ice cold !! -LRB- A good thing ! -RRB- A + + + + + +9 . `` American Angel '' blah blah blah yada yada yada10 . `` Precious Box '' Incredible !! Hypnotizing !!!! A + + + + + +11 . `` Please Send Me Someone -LRB- Anselmo 's Song -RRB- '' Wow ! A + + + + + +12 '' Freeek ! ' 04 '' A + + + + + +13 . `` Through '' so flat , you could make cardboard pizza with this one .14 . `` Patience -LRB- Pt .2 -RRB- '' A + + + + + + I love how George ends with this ! Similar imstrumental to `` Free '' at the end of `` Older '' ... YAY !!! Hope the next collection has less filler .
 I agree with other reviews regarding this CD and how it 's a bit disappointing . I think if you 're a real huge GM fan , including his ballads and singing approach , you 'll probably dig this album . If , on the other hand , you 're looking for a full CD of songs like Flawless -LRB- Go to the City -RRB- , you 'll be HUGELY disappointed . -LRB- BTW , a group called The Ones are responsible for the music behind that song - go find their CD if you want a `` flawless '' purchase ... heh . -RRB- Anyways , aside from that song , the only other song that comes close to it is Amazing , and even that pales in comparison . Listen to an Internet stream from m1live.com - they play a mixed version of Amazing that puts some life into it ... but I digress ... if you want dance/upbeat , look elsewhere . If you 're a diehard fan , chances are you 'll be satisfied with this one . In all cases though , do n't compare this to his other stuff ... from another time , my friends ...
 Man this is not the George Michael who I have really liked before . It seem like he just turned his recorder on in his living room when he was feeling mello and decided to make up a tune as he played . It would be OK for background dinner music or something to put the kids asleep to but thats it .
 This is arguably George Michael 's most personal offering to date where he sings of love -LRB- American Angel -RRB- , the Past -LRB- Round Here -RRB- and death -LRB- Mother Had A Brother -RRB- ... All tracks that tick along quite nicely . But that is the problem . For an artist so talented , he really needs to be pushing boundaries and not producing background lounge music !! He lifts the pace somewhat with the best track ` Amazing ' , ` Flawless ' - with it 's pumping disco beat , and the political ` Shoot The Dog ' -LRB- not available on all CD 's as the song was pulled off the American version -RRB- . . But it is not enough to recover the uneventfulness of this collection ... What you do get for your money is at max 4 decent tracks , George 's beautiful voice and perfect production ... not sure if that is enough to pay the asking price !
 The world knows that George Michael is one of the best songwritters of this age and he has proved that to us since Wham ! up until his `` Greatest Hits '' compilation . This album missed the greatness of his work . Only a few tracks stand out such as `` Amazing '' , `` Flawless -LRB- Go to the City -RRB- '' , and `` Freeek ' 04 . '' Others are just too dry and boring . This album took too long to make and the whole sound is not integrated . This album is a disappointment .
 Been looking forward to George 's new album for years . While the fast tracks are decent and competent , I expected more from his slower tracks -LRB- which used to be his forte -RRB- . George Michael in an interview once said his goal was to write songs which would `` Stand the test of time '' - but in this case I doubt it . Ballads are meandering , overlong and almost tuneless , compounded by the sin of trying to squeeze in sententious and pretentious lyrics into a melodic line .
 Save your money and download the two best songs from this cd . Amazing and Flawless . The rest is all garbage . I dont like any of the slow songs . I think he could do better . Sorry George Faith will always be your best .
 I 've been a George Michael fan for years . I 've been particularly impressed with his recent stuff - the balads , re-makes , and fun dance tunes from the last couple of years have an originality not usually found with pop music . So I was excited about this new CD and sprung for it , even though it 's an expensive import . What a mistake . Boring . Dull . Cliche . Self-involved . He 's lost his edge . Wait for a used copy - it 'll be in the discount rack in no time .
 George Michael is a very Talented singer , songwriter , arranger & Producer but on this album He is settling for run of the Mill Material.there a couple decent tracks here but alot of the Material seems & feel dated & lacking any substance to measure up to what he use to do .
 After 1 listen it was clear that not even 1 of the 14 songs is as good as anything on Listen Without Prejudice . I do n't have any desire to listen a second time . I was really looking forward to hearing this one too . It 's not even nearly as good as Older , which also was weak compared to LWP , in my opinion .
 I will more than likely see messages shooting down my review , however , this is not the best cd from george michael . Fortunately , I did not pay for this . There was only one song that I actually liked and that is Round Here . The rest just did n't measure . Even the music to rock your body to proved to be 'em pty ' . Sorry , George but I will continue to stick with ` Listen Without Prejudice ' . It 's really the best you 've done . The sad part is this is cd that caused you so much distress with the music industry .
 Although a personal album , beautiful lyrically , and beautiful in its careful and perfectionist production and arrangements , the melodies lack originality and are catchy in a forgettable and bland way . Most of them are reminiscent of other songs . Nothing is impressive or fresh , unlike in Listen Without Prejudice and Older . I know that many songwriters loose their songwriting spark after a while . George Michael has definitely lost it .
 Brutal honesty on George Michael 's part ? I do n't know , but patience is surely one of the virtues you 'll need to go through this album.George Michael has done this type of album in the past and it has had various degrees of artistic success for him . We are talking of course about an LP which is low-tune ballads through and through . He did it with `` Listen without prejudice '' and it was brilliant , and repeated it with `` Older '' which was a so-so proposition . But it seems that thr third time around is not a charm because `` Patience '' is overall rather dull . And did i mention flat?Sure , to be fair , there 's at least one very good song on offer here -LRB- notably , `` Shoot the dog '' -RRB- and maybe a couple of others that stay above the water , but the rest drags horribly , especially from a musical point of view . Now , lyrically speaking , this is supposedly an LP where Michael is being extremely introspective but i 'd call that an exaggeration . Both `` Listen without ... '' and `` Older '' were also introspective and much more so . This one is trying to be too but the problem is that for the most part what Michael is telling us is stuff he 's told us in more depth before.The voice that has defined modern `` white soulness '' is of course still there and in top form but this is not nearly enough to save the ship . Patience indeed then . Until the next album .
 This CD should be named after the MJ classic Bad ! The only thing about that statement is that it is true !
 Bad music , by a bad man . My wife made me buy this for her .
 this is terrible . George Michael has an amazing voiceand has the most underated voice in music . His first three solo efforts are amazing albums and should be in everyone 's collection . No one does a remake better than George , execept for Songs of the Last Century which was rather dull.That being said . Patience is boring . None of the songs attracted my attention . There are no strong hooks . His dance songs , which normally jam , are generic and bland . I tried listening to it several times and usually that does the trick and then I really appreciate it . But there is nothing to appreciate . Yes his lyrics are personal , but he 's done that before and still made interesting music . The album entered at # 29 on Billboard and it will quickly fade.The most interesting song was Shoot the Dog and the record company intentionally left it out . What a shame.And shame on George for making us wait so long and give us this tripe . I could n't bear to keep and yes I trashed it . I could n't even think about selling it and subjecting some else to that.ZERO STARS
 This Greek Goddess needs to cruise new rest areas for fresh ideas ! It 's starting to stink the CD player . The singles that did not fair so well on the charts and went by US soil unnoticed , even by the DJ 's -LRB- remixes were bad too ! -RRB- , GM should take some more time off and come back with his best ! . Or maybe we have seen his best and there 's no way up for him . I 'm sure he will do well in Europe , because Europeans are familiar with Eurotrash . So what ever possesed him to write an uninteresting song about Elvis and John ?
 This is one of the worst cds I have ever bought , it was not worth $ 12.99 . Infact it does n't even deserve 1 star . I am waring you , DO N'T BUY THIS !
 I was unfortunate enough to listen to this CD during a lunch break at school ... I almost cried . That 's how horrible I , and my other RHPS enthusiasts , believed it to be . Be forewarned ! It 's done improperly , making it sound utterly horrid and NOTHING like any version of RHPS should be . I was angered by this ... Grrrr ... I LOVE the Rocky Horror Picture Show , but you have to do it right or just not even attempt it at all . The singers were not in any specific character , sounded overly choral , and was just utterly ... wrong . * tear * So sad . The only reason why I even gave it two stars is just because it 's the RHPS . They get minimal credit for at least attempting , even though they killed it.Oh yes , I do understand that these people are not the original cast and are expected to sound different ... but DIFFERENT is not the same thing as unbearable .
 I bought this from a store because of the Chip Davis name and my desire for a soothing background CD . I put it in and hit the replay button for continuous loop play . Initially , I thought that the jet airplane noise recorded with the birdsong was just an unusual plane flying overhead , but realized with the third loop that it was on the CD itself . You 'd think that when Mr. Davis reviewed the ambience soundtrack prior to releasing it , that he would have noted this . It feels sloppy , somehow , as if someone left machines to record in a bird-filled wooded area and then just transferred the recording to CD without checking the quality . Instead of the soothing ambience I was hoping for , I find myself waiting for that bloody jet airplane noise . Just ruins the effect for me.See the `` More Like 21/2 Stars '' review below as well ...
 My iTunes classifies this CD as ` New Age ' . Rightly so . In addition to the pleasant sounds of nature that I thought I was buying , there has been an attempt to overlap musical notes generated by a synthesizer . I do n't really care for it . If you are looking at a ` sounds of nature - birdsong ' CD this is not it . If you are fond of the New Age wailing synthesizer , go ahead .
 ... to fancy this album as much as any other Master 's Series production . But it just is n't happening , and I have this distinct feeling I will never truly `` feel '' this mix . In the good name of EDM , I will further explain myself.Though this is my first -LRB- and probably last -RRB- experience with him , I had high expectations for Sandy Rivera 's eighth Master 's series release - so much so that I had it imported from England for over thirty dollars . One thing I can immediately offer praise for regarding this album - the packaging is * spectacular * . I recall uttering something along the lines of '' ... Renaissance completely outdid themselves here , '' as I freed the case from its plastic bondage . Graphically , INSECT made yet another immaculate work of art.But on to the real meat - the music.Rivera 's discs , simply put , are just too pop for me to take seriously ! He possesses tasteful House beats - definitive , certainly worthy of the Renaissance label and definitely worth giving a listen to . So WHY , why , why then are there so many lyrics that are all so distasteful ? Reciting the faded disco-glamour of women in high heels and satin and pompously flaunting the `` hip '' disco-club scene , the words make the music feel like a joke . And this comes from someone who enjoyed Sharam 's vocal-laced Global Underground `` Dubai '' . On top of such finely crafted rhythms , which I think Rivera does quite well as far as mixing is concerned , such ludicrous lyrics make the album a tasteless endeavor overall . Splitting my concentration to focus solely on the beats and instrumentation was difficult to do , too , since the voices are so mockingly piercing . At one point -LRB- I believe it was either `` Crimes '' or `` Bonafide '' -RRB- I actually thought that I was hearing vocal samples from a Backstreet Boys song.So why cant I simply judge this album based on the tracks which are not infected by these vocal viruses?Because there are none!Believe it or not , at this precise moment I can not recall a single track of the twenty-six he provides us with that doesnt incorporate some sort of lyrical mutiny -LRB- save Tigerskin 's `` Neontrance '' and Buick Project 's `` Luminaire '' -RRB- . Now that I 've mentioned the two vocal-less tracks , however , I feel I should laud Rivera for inserting these gems into his mix , but wait ! There are more caveats , yet . `` Neontrance '' made a fantastic appearance on John Digweed 's `` Transitions , '' but Rivera 's seems stripped down and anticlimactic by comparison . `` Luminaire , '' on the other hand , is one of my favorite electro tracks of all time . While the best versions that I have heard are on Buick Project 's `` Productions and Remixes '' and Dave Seaman 's `` Master 's Series Pt . 7 , '' I can not complain about Rivera 's . So , disregarding the inclusion of a track already released on the `` Master 's '' CD preceding this one , I do think that `` Luminaire '' works . As soon as those hauntingly beautiful melodies subside , it 's back to disco-weirdness . Sandy Rivera does extreme instrumental justice to this Renaissance album . Utilizing very uplifting musical movement in a sensible sequence , this is quite simply a well-mixed , fantastically paced disco-house album marred by more-than-awful vocals.I suppose I could still hang the packaging up on my wall ... Better luck next time , Sandy . ~ Lex
 There are some favorite releases by Renaissance Records , but have to say Sandy is not the man for it . I heard this a couple of times and it sounds nowhere near what Renaissance would release . I gave Luke Slater a 2 out of 5 stars for his fabric release and even that sounds better ! There are a couple of great moments in this 2CD set . However , I got board very quickly . A couple of tracks sounded the same.The biggest problem is the track selection and the mixing . Sandy Rivera uses tunes that have been used to many times on other compilations and he does not stick to a them . Most of these tracks sound like something Dimitri in Paris would use from the early 90 's . I would recommend anybody to even steer clear of this Defected Records release . Sadly to say , a record for the worst Renaissance release !! I will listen to this and peel paint !!
 ... SUCH A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.Based on Sandy 's FANTASTIC production , I would expect sooooo much more !!!
 After the fair to middling Kings of Tomorrow sessions on Minisrty of Sound -LRB- Disc 1
 Near the beginning of this century , a musical label calledRobbinsEntertainmentLLCreleased a series of `` Best of '' House and Trance albums . None of them -LRB- that I 've heard -RRB- were that great , most of them suffering from the same malady
 I 'm a big Fates Warning fan , but this album is certainly not their best work . The tunes are bloated and John Arch , who has a tendency to go a bit over the top , goes way over the top with his vocals on this one . If you want classic Arch-era Fates , stick with Awaken the Guardian .
 This was Fates Warning 's second album . At the time the album was released , the term ` Progressive Metal ' had n't really entered the English language in any substantial or meaningful way . Listening to the first track , one could tell there was something very special brewing ! ` Traveller in Time ' was an exceptional choice as an opener , and is still among the best compositions this band has written.This album showcases the band 's first use of odd meter and ` power polychords ' i.e. playing G5 over E5 on separate guitars with distortion to make an E-7 sound . These techniques would become somewhat a Fates Warning signature on most of their future releases.Although this album has some exceptional moments , one can hear very strong Iron Maiden influences in many of the songs , particularly the use of ` galloping ' rhythmic figures and John Arch 's occasional Bruce Dickinson vocal inflections and timbre . Also , one occasionally hears interludes that are reminiscent of some of the more awkward moments on ` Night on Brocken ' , their debut album.As a mid-80s metal album -LRB- forget prog . for the moment -RRB- , this is an exceptional release . As a progressive rock/metal album it is best described as 'em erging ' . For anyone who wants an excellent audio documentation of very well written mid-80s metal influenced in equal parts by the ` New Wave of British Heavy Metal ' and progressive rock , this is a highly recommended release .
 Unbeliavable the rviwe we read here ... . Saying this is the best metal album EVER ... . . You must be making a bad , very bad joke ... This early effort by Fates Warning is totally lackluster ... This Geoff Tate wanna-be singer has an annoying voice . The songs are pedestrian , mediocre at best . And they are not similar AT ALL to Iron Maiden or Judas Priest . I would be glad if they were ... . This a a talented band in their beginnings , tryind to do the best metal they could , but this album has absolutely NOTHING special about it .
 This is before fates warning was a decent progressive band , in this album it 's clear that the pressures of the eighties shred metal era was the sound they were trying to get , some nice progressive stuff , but very repetivive music , I believe in albums there should be balance , there is none in this one , get the later stuff , the new live album is good , and so is parallels
 This album is so weak , so cliched , so perfunctory , that it plagues the iamge of metal . Arch 's screaming voice is ridiculous , the songs have no identity at all . FATES WARNING first work to be taken seriously was AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN . Their first two albums are useless pieces of copies of hundreds of much better heavy metal albums . And , even with AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN , it was their change of cocnept -LRB- going more progressive -RRB- that really made them to be around until today .
 There was only one or two songs that was o.k. & the rest I did not enjoy at all . I guess I was expecting to hear fast/thrash metal & this cd lacks it completely .
 An American treasure has stumbled and I am saddened . Judy Collins is a performer I discovered in the early 60 's and became an instant fan . This album squanders her talent . By and large the cuts are unimaginative and forgettable , but the biggest problems lie in the production choices Ms. Collins made . A beautiful voice has been diminished with an over use of echo chamber and sound effects.One of the joys of Judy 's music has always been in its intimacy ; this album sounds as if were recorded with the performer standing at the far end of a long , stone hallway . I know that in the past Ms. Collins used electronic gimmicks at times , as when singing about whales , but now this dubious non-musical trick dominates to the point where the listener loses interest in the lyrics and the beautiful voice becomes artifice.Variety is also lacking in the choice of songs , several written by Ms. Collins . After two or three cuts , they all start sounding the same ; wistful , nostalgic , empty poetry.I went back to her In My Life album ; now there was variety and excitement in a work that expanded and moved her career beyond `` folk singer . '' Exciting music from several genres , introduction of more instruments , excellent and imaginative production values demonstrate what 's possible . I know she is still capable of producing beautiful work with a voice hardly diminished by the years and I hope her next album will prove me right .
 I 'm a huge Judy Collins fan and love her stuff from the 70 's and think her album of Dylan covers in the 90 's was great . However , time has caught up with Judy 's voice . She sounds frail and wobbly frequently . If she 'd recorded this album 20 years ago with a stronger voice , it might have been a great album . As is , however , it 's sometimes difficult to listen to . Her cover of Train 's huge hit `` Drops of Jupiter '' is particularly painful . And using a synthesizer to fill in for an entire orchestra on Copland 's `` Lincoln Portrait '' is just wrong . This album is for hardcore Collins ' fans only . But even they have to be very forgiving of the effects of age on Collins ' once crystalline voice .
 For those who have n't heard this record , this is one of the best metal records of all time and also one of the first progressive metal albums -LRB- released in 86 , years before Dream Theater 's 1st -RRB- . If you like the genre , get it.The CD has been re-mastered and it sounds way better than the original release . The bonus cd has 3 demos and 6 live tracks . You can probably guess the quality of demos but the live tracks are beyond bad . It sounds like your downstair neighbor playing it and you 're listening with your ears on the floor . Turning up the volume only makes it worse.The dvd is no better , home video footage with mostly still cam shots . At one point the image gets invisible and worst of all it happens during `` Prelude to ruin '' , the best song on this album -LRB- IMO -RRB- So unless you are a die-hard fan of FW and collecting every single stuff of the band , get a regular re-mastered version -LRB- I believe there is -RRB- .
 I 'm not a big fan of John Arch -LRB- and certainly not one of those who seem to have this bizarre quasi-religious devotion to him -RRB- . That said , `` Awaken the Guardian '' is probably the best of FW 's three albums with Arch as singer -LRB- which probably has more to do with the addition of Frank Aresti to the band than to John Arch 's improvement as a vocalist -RRB- . As I have said in other reviews , Arch 's lyrics are little more than same tired `` Dungeons & Dragons '' type lyrics that pervaded heavy metal in the mid-80s , and his delivery is scattered.So why did I buy this re-release ? Because of the inclusion of an extra CD of demos and live material AND a DVD . Great , right ? Not really . As the title of this review says , there 's a reason why this extra material does n't cost you a bunch of extra money . The demos are fine , but the live material is absolutely AWFUL -- bordering on unlistenable at times . It sounds as though it was recorded inside a tin can . You ca n't hear the bass . Worst of all is Arch 's performance . His singing is FLAT as a pancake -LRB- especially when he sings his all-too-common `` whoa . . whoa . . whoa '' lines -- e.g. , on `` The Apparition '' -RRB- , and his stage presence is TERRIBLE -LRB- this is even more evident from the video -RRB- . Watching the video was simply painful . You can tell it 's going to be from the disclaimer at the start of the video -LRB- apologizing for the poor audio and video quality -RRB- . If that 's possible , the audio on the DVD is worse than on the live CD . I did my best to tweak the sound on a very good stereo DVD/TV system , but still could barely listen to it . The recording did not pick up Jim Matheos 's guitar very well because the overall sound improved dramatically when he switched to a clean electric or played his acoustic . The video quality is also very poor . This is n't all that surprising since it 's a near-20 year old recording of what was little more than a minor club band . On the other hand , I have videos of my band from about that era that sound and look 100 times better.Anyway ... overall this is a disappointment and not worth buying if you already own the original release . Sorry guys ... P.S. For the guy who thinks that `` Giant 's Lore '' is the only Fates tune not written by Jim Matheos , you might want to look at the credits for the DVD , which show that `` Orphan Gypsy '' -LRB- `` The Spectre Within '' -RRB- was written by Victor Arduini and John Arch . The original releases of the first three albums did not include writing credits , so it 's hard to know what , if anything else , Matheos did not write on those albums . Additionally , Matheos had no hand in writing `` In a Word '' -LRB- `` No Exit '' -RRB- , and `` Static Acts , '' `` A World Apart '' and `` The Arena '' -LRB- Perfect Symmetry -RRB- , all of which were written by Frank Aresti .
 For me it sounds like bad Mercyful Fate . If u really like good prog check out latest works of Fates . Pleasant Shade is much much more creative and inreresting than this .
 I bought this album because it had some songs off of Epicus Doomicus Metallicus on it but it was a complete dissappointment , it has the really horrible singer that sounds nothing like the original singer , and he completely destroys some of my favorite songs with his awful warbling and squalking .
 This is not a solo guitar album as I was misled into acquiring by a careless CD storekeeper . The first three songs are nice and easy . It turns wild in the fourth one and many of those that come afterwards are mediocre arrangements of popular pieces . Though Williams has other very good stuff , I ca n't give it a pass for that one . So , two stars and do n't fancy it if , like me , you want guitar music to help you relax and recollect .
 Dont buy this for the DVD , it is a horrible bootleg that is unwatchable.I cant believe this is the best footage they had.Buy the live in Stockholm DVD , dont waste your money on this ...
 This band is disgusting to its evil core !!!! The title track open youre eyes is the most forceful , threatening , display of vegan lies and mis-information !!! With the song lyrics going IF YOU DONT LOOK , ILL FORCE YOU TO being spewed forth by the bands raging,incoherent,mad-man , front-man !!!!! Also they support peta . And that aint good ! NOT AT ALL !!!!!
 Firstly , I must admit that this band has stuck it 's neck out to perform a musical style that does n't have much life remaining . SKA/PUNK/ROCK has had it 's glory ... certainly , but it is slowly perishing in the ruins as did the massive onset of Seattle-based `` grunge '' that brought forth bands such as Nirvana , Stone Temple Pilots , Green Day -LRB- etc. -RRB- . Grunge has had it 's triumphant mark in history and as `` ALL STYLES '' are concerned -LRB- fashion clothing included -RRB- ... it is over . I am part owner of a major national record store chain and need to report solid , proven facts and figures to you -- the paying consumers . Ska/Punk is slowly dying as music stores are continuously condensing the size of it 's CD bins that accomodate this style of music . Yes , there is much energy within this CD but it could be better used if pointed toward a direction designed for longer life . Hardcore fans will remain true to Goldfinger yet record sales for this exhuberant musical style lack luster -- greatly ! One thing that puzzles me is the political spin they have taken on this CD . What is with this anti-killing of animals and why place it into song ? It 's downright silly . It sounds silly . Buying a burger at the `` King '' or `` Mc D 's '' simply means that a defensless animal was killed -LRB- no , SLAUGHTERED -- without painkillers or option to run away -RRB- and we simply choose to ignore it . Hey , lets have a seat , open our box of nuggets , and chow down . Yummy . That was good . No blood . No flying fur . No squeels from the animals . Nice and tidy , ` ey?If standardized KFC chicken slaughtering were viewed by us -- THE PEOPLE -- it would make the entire populace of America boycot the vast numbers of their restaurants . The boys in Goldfinger are better off educating themselves first , before venturing into the shark infested waters of the political world . They will be eaten up . Leave politics to those who understand it .
 What is this ? Just as it seemed like Goldfinger was getting better and better -LRB- and more original -RRB- with each album they put out an album that sounds like so many other watered down punk bands . Why do the vocals sound like blink 182 all of a sudden ?
 I bought and love almost all of Goldfingers releases and I actually regret getting this one . Let me break this down for you . They start out by saying how much they hate somebody then they change it up a bit and say how much they hate somebody else . Throw in a few more songs about how much they hate everybody and you 've got this CD . If you 're pissed off at the world then I guess you can identify with this CD .
 In the back of the booklet that accompanies the CD , is a rant by John Feldmann , concerning the importance of a Vegan diet -LRB- the band also includes a video that discusses just how much better the world would be if we all went Vegan -RRB- . Perhaps John should have spent more time writting songs , than preaching his beliefs . Goldfinger has never been political , and even though they try on a few songs -LRB- Spokesman and Open Your Eyes -RRB- , it comes off as a toddler begging for attention . One line in Spokesman , `` When I want to hear about life , I do n't want to hear a spokesman , '' is later contradicted by the Vegan plea.Half of the album -LRB- Decision , Dad , Tell me , Happy , It 's your life , Youth , and Radio -RRB- sound like a bad Blink 182 cover band . The only good track on the album , is the 1:36 opening track , which offers only false hope , which are covered by rants on MTV and honesty . This one should be easy to find used , so save yourself some cash . If you want good Goldfinger , buy the other three albums instead . This is a bigger disaster than The Suicide Machines self titled third release .
 What did John do to the band ? The new cd is terrrible . The first cd was and still is one of my favorites of all time , HangUps was pretty good too , Stomping Grounds was eh , but Open Your Eyes just plain -LSB- not good -RSB- . Charle left for `` musical differences '' ? Excuse the pun , but I guess he opened his eyes and relized what a horrible album they were putting out and left . I do n't know how any true Goldfinger fan can listen to this and think its any good .
 Goldfinger took a risk and made an album exclusively for vegetarians . It was difficult/impossible for me to enjoy this CD because it was so anti-meat . How can you enjoy a song when it 's basically criticizing you ? While a lot of them felt like previous poppy , sing-along Goldfinger songs , it made the critical lyrics stick out that much more . Example from the title track
 This album is make or break for Goldfinger . They have lost a recording contract and founding guitarist in the last 2 years and despite Stomping Ground being their best album to date they have not managed to break into the main-stream like so many of their less worthy counterparts . Open your Eyes is their first release for their new label , Jive and if previous albums are to go buy it should have been the album of the year . Something has gone very wrong though . Open Your Eyes , Spokesman , Radio & FTN are all good trade mark Goldfinger songs , however the rest sound like they were all written in one night . Going Home sounds like a NOFX rip off and January is the worst song they have ever recorded . The sleave notes are full of John 's -LRB- singer/guitarist -RRB- rantings about being a vegan , which is all very well , but he should have concentrated more on the music than the message . Hopefully this album wo n't destroy Jive 's faith in them and they will let them prove with their next album that they are one of the best punk bands around .
 After picking up their ST cd after hearing my buddies copy a million times I picked up Stomping Ground . Both were totally awsome discs . Then I picked up Hang-Ups after falling in love with Superman while playing Tony Hawk . Then I pick OYE . It was a total let-down and far too preachy with the vegan message . A few of the songs are worth picking up on the internet but all in all do n't waste your money .
 ... there 's no track listings here ? True , they were a good group , and most import CDs are nice , but , for me , there needs to be more of an incentive . Buy sight unseen only if you 're a true fan . Rhino Records has made a few good AWB collections ...
 For those who have n't heard this record , this is one of the best metal records of all time and also one of the first progressive metal albums -LRB- released in 86 , years before Dream Theater 's 1st -RRB- . If you like the genre , get it.The CD has been re-mastered and it sounds way better than the original release . The bonus cd has 3 demos and 6 live tracks . You can probably guess the quality of demos but the live tracks are beyond bad . It sounds like your downstair neighbor playing it and you 're listening with your ears on the floor . Turning up the volume only makes it worse.The dvd is no better , home video footage with mostly still cam shots . At one point the image gets invisible and worst of all it happens during `` Prelude to ruin '' , the best song on this album -LRB- IMO -RRB- So unless you are a die-hard fan of FW and collecting every single stuff of the band , get a regular re-mastered version -LRB- I believe there is -RRB- .
 I 'm not a big fan of John Arch -LRB- and certainly not one of those who seem to have this bizarre quasi-religious devotion to him -RRB- . That said , `` Awaken the Guardian '' is probably the best of FW 's three albums with Arch as singer -LRB- which probably has more to do with the addition of Frank Aresti to the band than to John Arch 's improvement as a vocalist -RRB- . As I have said in other reviews , Arch 's lyrics are little more than same tired `` Dungeons & Dragons '' type lyrics that pervaded heavy metal in the mid-80s , and his delivery is scattered.So why did I buy this re-release ? Because of the inclusion of an extra CD of demos and live material AND a DVD . Great , right ? Not really . As the title of this review says , there 's a reason why this extra material does n't cost you a bunch of extra money . The demos are fine , but the live material is absolutely AWFUL -- bordering on unlistenable at times . It sounds as though it was recorded inside a tin can . You ca n't hear the bass . Worst of all is Arch 's performance . His singing is FLAT as a pancake -LRB- especially when he sings his all-too-common `` whoa . . whoa . . whoa '' lines -- e.g. , on `` The Apparition '' -RRB- , and his stage presence is TERRIBLE -LRB- this is even more evident from the video -RRB- . Watching the video was simply painful . You can tell it 's going to be from the disclaimer at the start of the video -LRB- apologizing for the poor audio and video quality -RRB- . If that 's possible , the audio on the DVD is worse than on the live CD . I did my best to tweak the sound on a very good stereo DVD/TV system , but still could barely listen to it . The recording did not pick up Jim Matheos 's guitar very well because the overall sound improved dramatically when he switched to a clean electric or played his acoustic . The video quality is also very poor . This is n't all that surprising since it 's a near-20 year old recording of what was little more than a minor club band . On the other hand , I have videos of my band from about that era that sound and look 100 times better.Anyway ... overall this is a disappointment and not worth buying if you already own the original release . Sorry guys ... P.S. For the guy who thinks that `` Giant 's Lore '' is the only Fates tune not written by Jim Matheos , you might want to look at the credits for the DVD , which show that `` Orphan Gypsy '' -LRB- `` The Spectre Within '' -RRB- was written by Victor Arduini and John Arch . The original releases of the first three albums did not include writing credits , so it 's hard to know what , if anything else , Matheos did not write on those albums . Additionally , Matheos had no hand in writing `` In a Word '' -LRB- `` No Exit '' -RRB- , and `` Static Acts , '' `` A World Apart '' and `` The Arena '' -LRB- Perfect Symmetry -RRB- , all of which were written by Frank Aresti .
 For me it sounds like bad Mercyful Fate . If u really like good prog check out latest works of Fates . Pleasant Shade is much much more creative and inreresting than this .
 I have and own this product and there are only two tracks that I even like off of this cd . You have people who are using a Vocoder for there talkbox effect . Roger Troutman never used a Vocoder effec when he recorded . The songs are ok but , you have to ask yourself , `` Did these people really listen to Roger Troutman ? '' Why would WolfPac put an unreleased track that features Roger Troutman on a tribute album that is for him ? Makes no sense at all . If he is sampled , that is different but , to put him as an artist with an unreleased track is kind of stupid . Of course , this is in my own personal opinion . WolfPac , no more please ! You guys kind of damaged yourselves with this album in so many ways that I hardly play my copy . I 'm sorry Roger that they used vocoders instead of the real sound you used through out your career .
 Perfect Symmetry is hailed as one of the definitive progressive metal albums , but at times it 's hard to see why . This was released in 1989 , after Dream Theater 's debut , which was far more `` progressive '' than this . There 's some unconventional songwriting here , but it is n't terribly interesting . `` At Fates Hands '' incorporates a long instrumental passage and a beautiful piano/violin intro . The new drummer , Mark Zonder -LRB- now a metal drumming legend -RRB- , highlights the music with his impeccable skill . I love his odd-time intro on `` Part of the Machine . `` Being progressive is n't everything though . Good songwriting is more important for any album . `` Through Different Eyes '' and `` Static Acts '' are hook-laden melodic metal songs . The ballad suffers from some awkward melodies . `` A World Apart '' is crushed under the weight of the boring arrangement , and `` The Arena '' ruined by Alder screaming the verses . `` Nothing Left to Say '' has some of Alder 's finest singing though , and great lyrics from Matheos . The production on this album is very flat , unfortunately . When the songwriting is truly good , it does n't hit as hard as it should.I make these criticisms not as a Fates Warning hater , but as an honest fan . However , they have surpassed everything here on later releases . Their 1991 release Parallels is full of outstanding melodic metal songwriting . In 1997 , they released A Pleasant Shade of Gray , which is by far one of the best _ progressive _ metal albums of all time.Those with a liking for melodic metal may enjoy this , but those hungering for prog rock-style excesses may be disappointed .
 If you like No Exit you probably wo n't like this sad collection of songs . This is by far the most disappointing album I 've EVER purchased . This is NOT hard rock . I 'm currently using it for a coaster . No Exit is by far their best . If you really want to rock , buy it instead !
 I have never listened to Nic before I bought this . Real mediocre 80s disco sound .
 MG has always had that whiskey drinkin ' , barroom country edge to them and this album has none of that feeling to it . I wish they could put the same energy into an album that they had on the CMT Crossroads with Skynyrd . Songs like Hillbilly Shoes , Hell Yeah and My Town all had that energy that is missing on this album . I think the next time the boys go into the studio they should take a little extra Jim Beam with them and kick it up a few notches !
 I do n't understand why they did n't put this awesome , touching , and meaningful song on their greatest hits . The album is dull and full of filler tracks . Troy Gentry is good only for a back up singer . Please get him off of lead vocals . Definitely do not recommend this one.I tried to get into `` Clouds '' but the style of the song does nothing for me . The lyrics are fine ; however as one reviewer said lyrics alone can not carry an album . These guys are done . I think the main song here will be their final hit . `` A Man 's Job '' was very disappointing to me . I really thought this would be a good one . Again the lyrics are good ; but the tune is not catchy.I recommend their greatest hits . They need more songs like `` She Do n't Tell Me To '' and `` Speed . `` YOU DO YOUR THING AND I 'LL DO MINE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Somebody at work heard I liked country music and gave me this because they did n't want it . How in the heck is this country ?? It 's just unimaginative , outdated , pop music with a little fiddle and banjo trimming . -LSB- Shaking head in dismay . -RSB- Some people should change and find some roots ; I 'm putting this dud in the garage sale box .
 Do not buy this coward 's -LRB- Troy Gentry -RRB- music . He killed a helpless animal that was unable to escape in a canned hunt . He does not deserve your support or money.He needs to go to prison for this crime .
 I never received the order ... actually I forgot all about it till Amazon sent this e-mail asking for a review . Please research this for me.Thank You
 Legendary country songwriter Harlan Howard wrote that country music could be defined as `` three chords and the truth . '' No matter what you think of Montgomery Gentry 's work , when you buy this band 's music , you are buying music made by a man who shot and killed a caged bear and lied about it . That 's the action of a coward and an egotist and it makes everything he sings in any of his songs a lie . I 'm sorry if you like their music , but Troy Gentry should be drummed out of the country music business . He is a shame to the very idea of country music .
 MG 'S PREVIOUS CD 'S HAD SOME EDGE TO THEM . NO FILLER STRINGS OR MASSIVE BACKGROUND VOCALS . JUST STRAIT AHEAD COUNTRY ROCK WITH DECENT LYRICS AND HARD EDGED PLAYING . THIS OUTING IS VERY WEAK IN MOST OF THOSE AREA 'S . WORDS ALONE CA N'T CARRY A CD IN THIS DAY AND AGE . I 'VE LISTENED TO THIS CD SEVERAL TIMES AND STILL FEEL THE SAME . THESE GUYS SOUND AS IF THEY MADE THIS CD AS AN AFTER THOUGHT . NO COUNTRY , NO ROCK , JUST BLAND SONGS THAT DO N'T STAND UP TO THEIR PREVIOUS CD 'S . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.JUDGING FROM THEIR PREVIOUS CD 'S , THEY 'VE GOT THE TALENT , BUT THEY SURE DID N'T SHOW IT HERE ...
 Can someone explain to me why this is country music ? It 's 99.5 % Celine Dion-esque fluff pop and 0.5 % country . That 0.5 % is once again the appearence of a steel guitar -LRB- always used in an uninteresting way on things like this -RRB- . It seems that anybody who wants to test the commercial waters of `` country music '' just tacks on the rudementary steel guitar topping so it can earn the name-yet they never seem to notice that the spirit 's not there . This is a pop release sold as country because of the possiblity of huge sales-nothing more . The steel guitar AND country music fans deserve more than this .
 This is not a good introduction to Venezuelan music , but rather , a keyboard-ridden collection of old classics . It feels too much like getting stuck in an elevator to be enjoyable . And that is a shame , since it covers some of the best Venezuelan folk tunes in the canon
 I fully agree with `` Seattle '' ! I 've just been listening to the samples of REAL Venezuelan music on your other offerings -LRB- and shedding a nostalgic tear or two for my twenty-one years there -RRB- and then I turned on the first sample of this junk ! I find the promise of the titles horribly disappointing . `` MUZAC '' is perhaps too flattering . It sounds more like the kind of innocuous and `` Venezo-Yankee '' stuff I had to put up with when a popular TV station screwed up a commercial and had to fill in between programs . As the wife of a Venezuelan , a long-time resident of that country and lover of REAL Venezuelan music , I can only say that I find it simply AWFUL ! There is music that makes good wallpaper , but this is n't it ! I ca n't recommend it even as an `` introduction '' to either the country or the culture . It is an insult both to the country of its -LRB- supposed -RRB- origin and the intelligence of the listener . You have a number of really good recordings available ; I hope that you may sell all of them , but not a single copy of this `` pap . '' -LRB- My +1 rating was only owing to the fact that I could n't find a way to make it negative ! -RRB- Please forgive the diatribe , and accept my congratulations on carrying so many good examples of Venezuelan music !
 If you thought Janet 's peep show at the Super Bowl was any indication that her latest , Damito Jo would be a good album , you have just experienced a judgement malfunction . Miss Jackson 's new album of course is loaded with sex , but that is n't necessarily a good thing when there is no substance . It is almost a seamless collection of make out music that is n't even good make out music , as on such albums as 1993 's Janet , 1997 's Velvet Rope and 2001 's All For you . Those albums at least provided some funk before we all went night night together . Damita Jo could at least provide a glimpse into this woman 's life -LRB- ... -RRB- We get none of her usual introspection . Instead we are treated to numb sexual banter that stopped being sexy on her last effort and more stupid interludes about how much she likes the islands . The first couple of singles `` Just a little While '' and `` I Want You '' are only so-so and may get some airplay -LRB- ... -RRB- . Other than that , attempts at being the old school fun-loving Janet seemed forced on such songs as `` Strawberry Bounce '' and `` R&B Junkie '' . . and what is up with these titles ? For an album that promised us such a grand comeback , this album rolls over and begs like a desperate lover , only to deliver nothing in the end . C'mon back , Miss Janet-come back to me !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The album starts off with the title track , which is the best song on the entire album . It 's got a 70 's R&B ; feel to it but still sounds up-to-date . The bad part is that it 's not even 3 minutes long . Next is `` Sexhibition '' , an OK uptempo song , but once again , too short . Then comes `` Strawberry Bounce , '' which is a flat out stupid song . Janet says `` la la la la la '' through out the song and you hear a guy say `` bass '' over and over again every 3 seconds . Just ridiculous . The sad thing about this album is Janet has showed no growth as an artist and she has decided to continue with her boring -LRB- ... -RRB- songs , which were shocking on the Velvet Rope but are just getting old now . `` Warmth '' and `` Moist '' are the `` Rope Burn '' and the `` Would You Mind '' on this album , and they all sound so alike that only the lyrics make you realize they 're different songs.More pitiful songs are `` R&B ; Junkie '' and `` I Want You '' , which both sound totally out of date . The album closes with the flop single `` Just a Little While , '' but the sad thing is that it 's one of the best songs.The album cover and booklet is n't any better . The pictures are just of Janet in front of a white background , just like with All For You . Not to mention there are no lyrics , which is annoying.If you like plain sounding R&B ; music that sounds just like everything else , then you might like this album . Do n't expect anything edgy because you will be dissappointed . I for one think it 's so good that I have already put the CD in my CD tower with the rest of my CD 's I rarely listen to .
 The line between sexy and tawdry is as fine as one could imagine . There 's a huge grey area in between where reasonable minds may vehemently differ . What one might call `` obscene , '' another enjoys as `` evocative . '' An album 's explicit content can often be political or brilliant . This album is neither . Janet has so far erred on the side of `` cheap '' and `` desperate , '' that it is not even open to debate . Never before has a sex-drenched album been so bland , so vapid , so ... unsexy . Uninspired song after song reveals an aging songstress clumsily struggling to prove that she 's `` still cool , still trendy , still fun , and still sexy . '' Perhaps she still has some sex appeal at 38 , but she does n't seem to have anything else to talk about . It 's somewhat campy and fun in the club-ready `` Sexhibition , '' when she shouts about going on a Sexcapade , -LRB- a direct reference to her earlier 1989 hit single `` Escapade '' -RRB- , but it gets old fast . She 's beating a LONG dead horse by the time Track 16 rolls around and she 's moaning another saccharine melody about someone `` tickling -LSB- her waterfall -RSB- , '' `` making her moist , '' and `` swimming in it . '' It 's a sad spectacle to hear her shredding her talent , her self-respect , her attitude , her vicious intellect , and her social-consciousness . This was once a woman who had the courage and drive to tackle domestic violence -LRB- `` What About '' -RRB- , self esteem issues -LRB- `` Velvet Rope '' -RRB- , and racism -LRB- `` Rhythm Nation '' -RRB- , in the 1990 's . But these days , she 's content to be an intellectually bankrupt second-rate sex-kitten who wants nothing more than to `` spend time with -LSB- her baby -RSB- '' on an island . The album truly could have benefitted some innovation , creativity , or at least some deep thought put into it . And parents , beware . Janet is making it overwhelmingly clear that she is no one 's role model anymore.I gave the album two stars -LRB- perhaps two and a half -RRB- because towards the middle , there are some well-done upbeat tracks which I 'm sure I 'll be jumping around to in the clubs . `` Island Life , '' while certainly not original or clever , is catchy , as are `` All Nite , '' `` R&B ; Junkie , '' `` Just a Little While , '' and `` SloLove . '' The first official single , `` I Want You '' is pleasant enough
 As a dedicated fan of Ms. Jackson if you Nasty since Control , I think her last few albums have lost the quality and originality of earlier ones . JANET , I think is her best album and VELVET ROPE was good , if not as brilliant as her earlier ones . All For You and especially Damita Jo seem formulaic and uninspired . The devolution into a breathy , often unintelligible garble does not highlight her voice the way earlier albums do . There are some memorable tracks on Damita Jo to be fair . The title track is catchy , although a song built around one 's middle name is a tad desperate . Strawberry Bounce is entertaining , albeit a bit oversexed as she is more oft to do as of late . Do n't Stop is a good dance tune and has some merit . Essentially , everything is starting to sound the same . Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis have run out of ideas for Janet and if she is come back as a real force in music , she should explore new producers . My advice , do n't waste your money on this album , but explore her earlier , more dynamic endeavors .
 I am used to Janet having cd 's with allot of tracks . I just think I have had enough of a bunch of album fillers . She stopped making good CD 's a long time ago . I think she lost that spark she used to have its just not there anymore . THough I do like the 2 tracks she released . Since that is where it stops . Thats where my review will stop .
 With '' The Velvet Rope '' Janet Jackson offered one of the most witty , rich soul albums of that year while '' All For You '' was full of the shiny confidence of a woman who knows she is on top form . With '' Damita Jo '' our modern rnb queen has chosen for some reason to compete with the likes of Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears even though her past work is so many cuts above than any of their releases . It 's always difficult to understand the heart let alone the mind of a modern female artist i guess but songs like '' Warmth '' and '' Moist '' can only dissapoint and offer nothing positive to her discography or image .
 I have been sorely dissapointed by this latest CD from Janet Jackson . The songs are far from jamming and nothing really stirs me . She sings in some sort of whisper or purr throughout the entire CD attempting to still be sexy . Was n't the flash enough to convince America everything still works . I would much prefer a grove with a dance number to match than a whimpering sigh about nothing . What is happening to the talent in this family ? Do n't waste your money on this one , sorry Miss Jackson !!
 There 's honestly nothing about this cd I like.It to me Is overblown hype.I listened to It once but have n't been able to listen any more , and I have really tried.I hope Janet 's next effort Is better .
 I am not shocked that Damita Jo is the album it is . Janet has always put her heart on her sleve with her music . You can always tell where she is in her life just by listening to her albums . Control was her stab at independence . She showed us her social consciousness with Rhythm Nation . The Velvet Rope was her dark album . Since the self titled Janet , her albums have had a strong sexual overtone . The lady has always pulled it off with class and good music . However , this time she lost it . The tracks on this album are fair and uninspired . There is nothing that grabs the listener , except for Slolove and Just A Little While . It almost seems like there was no passion behind the work.You ca n't fault Janet for her body of work . She 's had a great track record , and not everything is going to be a home run . However , I just wish she would have fallen with grace . Not only is the music bad , but I just do n't care to hear about her sex life anymore . It 's a broken record Janet . It 's time to get some class back in your act and to turn out a quality product .
 This Cd is terrible . Is this really a Janet Jackson CD ??? It 's so bad and I love Janet Jackson . I just hope she gets back into the studios and makes another CD real soon . What a let down .
 Looked at a lot of these 5-star reviews ... they must be employees of the record company . This CD is forgettable . Perhaps it will grow on me , perhaps Janet will make some bangin ' videos to some of the singles , because after all , she is an ` entertainer ' -LRB- her strentgh -RRB- vs. a ` singer ' -LRB- her weakness -RRB- ... Truth be told , we expect more from this Jackson . If it was LaToya or Tito we would just shrug our shoulders and just say ` oh well , t ` was to be expected ' , but from Janet , and from a CD this hyped before the release ... What has happened to music these days is not the fault of Napster and downloading MP3 's . The quality of the music is just not there anymore . It 's not just Janet . But this CD is a good example of sizzle pop with no substance .
 Okay we can all like Janet but for people to say this is a great album is sad . Yes we are all entitled to our opinions but it 's disrespectful to Janet 's true , powerful hits like '' Rhythm Nation '' , '' Alright '' , '' Escapade '' , '' Love Will Never Do Without You '' , Runaway '' and '' Come Back To Me '' , etc. to say this is a great album . True fans -LRB- and I am not talking about teenagers who were n't even born when Janet first came out -RRB- , I am talking about people 25 and up who knew Janet when she was on Different Strokes and Good Times . We 're the true fans of Janet and know she can do better and used to do a lot better than this . She is very talented but compromises that talent to fit into a mode when she used to be a woman other entertainers idolized . Someone said this album shows her growing as a woman . That 's an insult to what women have to do to be considered '' growing '' . It 's funny so many people find this album acceptable but when Christina Aguilera or Madonna put out shocking lyrics and suggestive songs everyone jumps on them . Everyone else , including Beyonce ' gets stomped on if they jiggle their body and wiggle their hips for a few minutes . People fainted when Christina released her video last year but when Janet displays her '' nature '' and you try to question her motives , people lay that '' strong black woman '' crap on everyone . I 'm a strong black woman as I am sure many people are . The songs Janet sang on this album have nothing to do with being strong , positive or black . Damita Jo was made to shock , pure and simple . This is not Janet 's best work and if you think so , listen to some of her previous albums . Even with All For You you can tell a little effort . Damita Jo was just thrown up because Janet is trying to get back into the limelight . Listen to the songs she used to make when she earned being called a legend . Heaven help us if Damita Jo is evidence of what Janet has left to bring .
 Can she ever sing about anything else?Singing about sex all the time gets redunant after awhile and it is my experience that those who chat about sex constantly are n't all that great in the first place .
 Okay , there are a few good tracks on this album ? What I ca n't hear them . I must be stupid . What is this , some sort of curse where people beleive this crap and whispery sh ** is `` music '' ? Wow . And I agree with that one person who said those fans are in denial . I AGREE , YOU ARE ALL IN DENIAL !
 This is not a biased review because , yeas , I am a Janet Jackson fan . This cd . is horrible , and by all means , it holds up on many of people 's theories that Janet is in desperate need of attention , like this album is in desperate need of a remake . This album should n't even be considered a `` Janet '' album , and it does n't have no airplay friendly singles , only `` My Baby '' , and that song is just average.I guess Janet is trying too hard to compete with veteran Madonna , and fresh artist like Britney , Christina , and the female who is obvious having the biggest year ever ... Beyonc ` e. Janet stop it with the ego , because even Britney has sold more records than you and she 's been out for 6 years , to her twenty , so you can drop it . Anyway the only Janet albums worth buying is :1 . Design of a Decade - her best songs are on this record .2 . The Velvet Rope - this is a good album . All of the singles she released for this album was tight .3 . All For You - Now this is what I call Janet , although the whole album was n't par her other ones before , some singles on here are worth the price alone.Bottomline it seems as though once a female artist reaches twenty years it 's their climax , based on many critics . Janet was n't the only one to succumb to a bad `` 20 year anniversary '' record ... the queen and elite of music in her own right and by many , Madonna has succumbed to it too , although I liked her latest cd . but it was average . She was Dixie Chicked . Anyway , Helllllllllloooooooooooooooo divas do n't let these newcomers take your crowns , show them why you lasted this long , and why they wont . Janet better luck next time babe , but you got to admit this is n't worth your name ... but then I guess that 's why it 's called Damita Jo . Their are some biased `` Janet fan '' reviews in here . This is a bad record . I know everyone has their own opinion , but let 's state the obvios and not the obnoxious . This seems to be a bad year for two real divas who are known for their `` sexhibition '' one more than the other , but with the way things are going now everybody is `` Dita '' for a hit . Fans if you read my review I 'm sure you 'll know what I 'm saying .
 Riding off the coattails of her famous brother ... and she has n't done a good job ... lately .
 Janet Jackson might be the worst singer ever to have so many # 1 albums in a row . And that 's okay , because the vox was never her metier - when her flat cooing and -LSB- thankfully -RSB- inaudible caterwauling dares to surface , she sounds like an electrocuted Abyssinian . The key to her success were the phat hooks and usually brilliant production . And the catchiest riffs this side of Madonnaland . On her 8th studio release , the Jackson-Jam-Lewis triumverate returns to conquer the charts -LSB- and fails -RSB- . Too bad the goal to propitiate her recent woes fails as hook-laden and song-craft . What seemed fresh and on ` Janet ' - a girl growing into her sexuality triumphantly , has recently regressed into Madonna circa early 90s , but without Madonna 's everlasting mastery of the hook . Jackson 's sexcapadaes smack or desperation ... an aging icon elongating a fugacious trend as to not vilipend her core audience . If so many characters live within us , as she muses at the beginning of the CD , then why show us the same one ? My grade
 I went to sleep on track three -LRB- out of 20 + -RRB- . I want old school Janet back . This CD is not worth the $ 9.00 I spent to buy it . I would have rather paid to see Janet said on a coke bottle for 2 hours ! This is the perfect CD for someone who wants to commit suicide in the upcoming future . VERY DEPRESSING !!!!!
 Wheres the real Janet?This album is horriable i want THE VELVET ROPE type songs !! WASTE OF MONEY DO NOT BUY !!! STICK WITH WHITNEY HOUSTON !
 Janet Jackson 's latest album Damita Jo features this artist rehashing the same material that worked for her in the past , attempting to stay current by collaborating with the likes of Kanye West , but on the whole it 's a flat , uninspired affair - no wonder she needed to put on a publicity stunt at the Super Bowl , because the music itself ca n't stand on its own merits.The sound of much of the album still feels dated thanks to new-jack-swing pioneers Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis , regardless of what flourishes are added . Unfortunately the album takes few of the stylistic detours that might have been found on albums released during Jackson 's glory days -LRB- late '80s - early '90s -RRB- and her voice is still incredibly thin - she 's far more of an entertainer than a singer or songwriter , which leads to her recordings leaving much to be desired . Her weaknesses as a vocalist are exploited particularly on this album , which leans toward slow , moody R&B arrangements which do n't really mesh well with her voice.We still have n't covered the lyrics yet , which are of such a randy and promiscuous nature that most of them can not be printed here . It all comes back to the driving force behind the creation and marketing of this album - shock value . Jackson attempts to titillate and stun audiences with lyrical content and publicity stunts , hoping that they wo n't notice how mundane and irrelevant Damita Jo is - unfortunately , it does n't always work , and from a creative and artistic point of view , this album is n't very gratifying . `` Just A Little While '' is something of a reprieve from the rest of the material , but it comes off as an afterthought - they needed to toss on a more lively track since the rest of the album is buried in coma-inducing arrangements and cliche-plagued lyrics.In summary
 Damito Jo is now no. 15 on the Billboard album chart ! Thank you ! To all of you who refused to be suckered by the wardrobe/musical/career malfunction , thank you . It is great to see that most of the CD buying public wised up to the fact that 90 % or more of the wonderful reviews here were written by record company hacks wanting to make you believe that there was some grassroots fan movement . Let 's keep it going until Damita Jo is in the cutout section and on sale for $ 1.99 . And even then , do n't buy it !
 this surely has to be one of the lousiest release of 2004 . this is even more lousy than velvet rope and this album is selling badly inspite of her wardrobe malfunction incident which she enacted to boost the sales of this cd.avoid.not recommended .
 Janet is no more able to put out a good song!The cd is only crap , she just keeps showing that she 's sexy , but nothing is interesting in this mix of poppy , stupid and r 'n' b ' silly tunes !!!!!!
 I 've always liked Janet 's albums and her lyrics pertaining to all the songs she writes . However , `` Damita Jo '' is not nearly as good as her 2001 hit , `` All For You '' . You sometimes wonder where Janet is going with her music . These songs do n't have the feel or the arrangements that the Janet Jackson we all know and love for many years . Janet needs a break for two years from the studio and concentrate on a monster hit in 2006 .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST OVERHYPED OVERRATED RELEASES OF THIS YEAR.ONE OF HER WORST ALBUMS.AVOID THIS LOUSY . NO STARS
 this is defenetily the worst album from Janet . i ca n't believe she did this . first single Just a little while sounds like a tryout song for a 15 year old wannabe-pop star . after all the superbowl incident she tought it was going to be helpfull to the sales of Damita Jo , wich are a little bad for the sales she is used to ... the album is falling down quickly on the charts ... to bad it happened this to the `` ICON '' ...
 Well first off , all the songs sound exactly the same -LRB- especially the ballads -RRB- ... I ca n't even tell when the tracks change . This is definately her weakest cd . I 'm a huge fan and have every single album , but this one is n't even in the same league . I almost think I could be a soundtrack to a ... movie . I still love J , but this cd is awful ...
 A lot of Janet fans disliked her last album , `` All For You '' , and although it was n't as great as `` Velvet Rope '' or `` Janet '' , it still was the same Janet we all know and love . Now , I heard a few months ago that this album was gon na be her most sexual album yet , and that 's okay because she is a very sensual artist and that 's where her passion comes from . But this album is just as bad as watching porno , and it has no depth . It is the most shallow R&B album we 'll ever hear from a Jackson . All she sings about is how she wants to get on her knees and do naughty things in pretzel-like formations . Even upon hearing the first single `` Love Me Just A Little While '' , I just was n't moved as I was when I heard the attitude in hits like `` Son Of A Gun '' . On Velvet Rope , she sang songs like `` I Get Lonely '' and `` Go Deep '' which were very sensual and sexy , and always left you wanting more . It was like grazing your thigh , leaning in for a kiss , and then walking away . Music can not be sexy if there is nothing left to the imagination , and this album is just too forward , and the songs are just not memorable at all . I 've listened to the album a few times , and I could n't sing one of the tunes in my head if I wanted to . She used to be the best of the best when it came to sensuality and subtle innuendo , flirting with ideas of dirty love making . But this album is not about the music , it 's about the sex , and nothing else . Janet , you do n't have to prove to the world that you like to get nasty every day of the week . You need to concentrate on the music , which this is not . Sorry , but Damita Jo is not worth the money , we may wan na wait until Janet 's ego goes down a bit and she remembers that her fans want good music to jam to with their friends , not an x-rated sex story laced over some tired drum beats .
 I listened to this album the other day . One word
 To say I was dissapointed with this trite offering is an understatement ! Forget the fact that there is n't 1 stand out track on the album . Forget that Janet is simply rehashing the excellent ` Janet ' album which is now over 10 years old ! Tracks like ` Moist ' made me laugh , which is surely not the intended response . Madonna did this so much better , also over a decade ago . It 's not shocking , it 's not controversial it 's just deeply boring . The musicianship is , as usual , of the highest standard , but who mixed the album ? Were Jam and Lewis off on a tea break and the janitor left to twiddle the controls . Some of the most uncomfortably loud and overwhelming snare beats are present here which caused me to physically cringe on occasions -LRB- and I like my music loud ! -RRB- Ok , they were original and unusual , but then so was ` Eddie the Eagle ' proof that these do not go hand in hand with quality . Some of the drum programming would be applauded in kindergarten . I think Janet Jackson is one of the most amazing performers of our time and I am a fan , but is inspiration a thing of the past with this family ? I think there is nothing wrong with artists expressing their sexuality through their medium , but it must be believable and at least convince us that it 's genuine . Even a little tongue-in-cheek fun would be better than attempting to sell herself as a sexual predator , which she clearly is not . Subtlety or controversy are qualities that hold our interest , but ` Damita ??? ' falls directly in the middle giving us no experience to enjoy . Music should make us feel something , it should touch us and give us some kind of state shift . Try listening to ` Overkill ' by Motorhead without wanting to break something!or listen to Eminem 's ` My Band ' without smiling . There are a myriad of emotional responses possible when listening to any kind of music but boredom is never an achievement . I wasted an hour of my life on this mediocre effort and there is just too much interesting and innovative music to try to warrant even a second listen .
 The music is what helps her career because you cant understand the words that are coming out of her mouth . There is nothing new here and the same ole terms should be retired . We know that `` she cant wait '' , `` come here boy '' etc etc. . She need to be classy and not what she considers `` naughty '' .
 I am a big Janet Jackson fan but I have to say this CD was a disappointment to say the least . I 'm glad Janet has let loose of her inner demons and feels free to express her personality . This was done to perfection in Janet and later in the Velvet Rope CD and to a lesser extent All For You.Now it just sounds dull . Who knew sex could be so boring . Her whole sound on this CD is one of whispers and moans . I wish there were lyrics along with the liner notes so at least I could understand what she is saying . And here 's a note for future CD 's Janet , cut the intros . They 've more than worn out there welcome.On the positive side a couple of tracks are some of her best unfortunately , they did not receive the airplay they deserved . Just A Little While and All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- and My Baby is so-so . Download these singles and skip the CD .
 As a big fan of Janet I was looking forward to her new cd especially because i love her song `` just a little while '' . But after listening to the cd i was so disappointed ! There is just trash on it ! Do n't buy!Sorry Janet but I hope that your next one will be as good as your last cd 's .
 no doubt janet 's peak was her FIRST name entitled album ` janet ' , which every song there was great . in this case , i tried very hard -LRB- very ! -RRB- to find something worth listening to . i could ` nt find anything . this album is pure waste of time , garbage to the ears and the worst unsexy sighs i 've ever heard . do n't waste your time .
 I love Janet and have followed her since Control . However , this was such a disappointment for the dance community . The only song I honestly liked is All Nite -LRB- performed on Good Morning American and Ryan Seacrest -RRB- . Of course , additional programming came from Sweden for this production . Sweden is so far ahead of the US with regards to quality dance beats . Something that I could also do without is all the short intro messages . Janet has BEEN THERE DONE THAT . I 'm still a fan but hopeful for better material to come .
 MESS . Every since her excellent `` The Velet Rope '' cd , Janet has been on the decline . It seems to me that she is trying to compete with Beyonce and at the same time is stuck in the 80s . How many cds can an artist make about sex ? Janet has been singing about sex since her `` Janet '' cd . Its starting to wear thin because you do n't make sex the theme on four albums in a row . Its time for a new topic . Plus , she is almost 40 and shows no growth whatsoever . I hurts me to write this , but this cd is bad . I did n't think Janet could make a cd any worst than `` All For You '' , but somehow Janet managed just that . Avoid !!
 Janet , such a wonderful exhuberant , vivacious performer , disapoints with a dreadful new album release . With way to many cheesy interludes and unnecessary comments heard randomly throughout the album , the once little cutie has turned into an all decked out sex show . DAMITA JO lacks musical as well as lyrical substance . There is not one song on the album that makes you want to drop what your doing , get up , and dance . Janet Jackson , a superstar celebrity did not impress with this much anticipated album . It is just a flop . NOT RECOMENDED .
 It 's Miss Jackson if you nastyMiss Jackson you are too nasty for me - what were you thinking releasing this crap ? You deserve for your singles to stall on the Hot 100 - your next # 1 will be when you stop trying to be Britney Spears and go back to releasing worthwhile material . Even the untalented Spears would not release such dribble as `` Warmth '' - it makes you look like a cheap -LRB- ... -RRB- . What happened to the sleek suggestion style of `` Anytime Anyplace '' ? Now everything is out in the open for all of America to see . -LRB- ... -RRB- Do you have any intimate secrets left ? I liked it better when you suggested your bisexuality on The Velvet Rope - it was sexy back then . Everything has gone down since then . One mistake after another and your already weak voice is reduced to a whisper on this album.You are 35 - grow up!You 've lost your -LSB- appeal -RSB- and have become a trash talking plastic horse hair doll - I forgave you for the mess that was `` All For You '' , I forgave you for the boring same old tours you 've been putting together since 1993 complete with the same old Control medley , I forgave you for lip-syncing on almost every live performance because your voice could n't take the pressure but I will not forgive you for this stank effort at an album - you 've had 3 years to do it - I expected better.If you guys wan na buy the real Janet get anything between RN1814 and The Velvet Rope
 What can I say ... I 've been waiting for this album for far too long , with extreme anticipation . -LRB- ... -RRB- And I could n't be more disappointed.And I do not understand anyone who finds anything good on this album.The whole album is over-flowing with slow and mid-tempo songs that go nowhere , the only saving grace is that most of the songs are short.The best track , by far , is the last song ... the lead off single , `` Just a Little While , '' which failed to even make the Top 40 . This amazing little pop ditty is absolutely NO indication of the boring , uninspired drawl that covers most of the rest of this album . I mean , `` Damito Jo '' is aiiright , the Sean-Paul inspired `` Strawberry Bounce '' is cute , but from `` I Want You '' until `` Truly '' , it 's one boring , typical , uninspired slow R&B ; track after another that just drown into each other.Then the album finally seems to get a beat with `` SloLove , '' but it ends up being another mundane , retro disco-like track.Then we FINALLY get to `` Just a Little While '' and the album ends.The only other track that truly stands out is `` R&B ; Junkie '' ... ironically , the only other song on here that is n't a boring , meaningless R&B ; track!Now , it 's tough to top , but Janet has never , ever even come close to the absolute perfection of Rhythm Nation 1814 . Do n't get me wrong , both Control and janet . were mind-blowing albums , but not quite 1814 . Velvet Rope and All for You fell somewhat short , but still had , if not some , many stand-out tracks that made it all worthwhile . Damita Jo has next to nothing to offer . Where are the stand-out , hard-hitting dance tracks like `` Nasty '' , `` Escapade , '' `` Miss You Much '' and `` If '' ? Where are the radio-friendly pop tunes like `` All for You , '' `` Together Again , '' and `` Love Will Never Do -LRB- Without You -RRB- '' ? Where are the luscious pop-influenced ballads with heart , like `` Lonely , '' `` Come Back to Me '' and `` Again '' ? I am sorry , but as much I as I was not even remotely bothered by the Superbowl incident and did nothing but cheer her on and support her for being such an amazing artist with strong integrity , if it was all for publicity , good for her because this album is going to need all the help it can get . It 's horribly boring with not one guaranteed hit in the sixteen tracks except the first single ... which -LRB- amazingly -RRB- flopped.She 's lost her ability to make us sit up and listen , and then wan na hit the dance floor . Instead , she 's trying to put us to sleep . For an artist of her strentgh and magnitude , she could do SO much better than this ... so why she is recording such horrible material is beyond me ... and extremely disappointing for this Janet fan.Ms . Jackson , I love it when you 're nasty ... with your beats , not just your words . We can only hope whatever songs get released off this album get completely reworked by top remixers that will make them club-friendly , and not make this whole album a complete waste of time.This albums leaves one unsatisfied and frustrated .
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a Janet fan like a majority of people on this site , but this album is a bit weak for my taste . I actually bought the first 2 albums , prior to Control , when they were released in the early 80 's ... on vinyl ... so yes , I 'm over 30 ! I thought All For You was weak in comparison to Velvet Rope , but this one definately takes a back seat to All For You . I think the difference is in the production switches . Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis made Janet , so do n't try to reinvent the wheel . Stay with what made you.Also , is it me or is Janet a bit difficult to understand . It seems her voice is getting a bit thin and whispy these days . My wife -LRB- who is also a big Janet fan -RRB- noticed that one . Kinda reminds you of the way Michael sounds.And one other thing ... what 's up with all of the interludes ? They 're getting a bit out of hand . I really do n't care how Janet feels about her favorite islands -LRB- a place I will probably never see in my lifetime -RRB- and other miscellaneous ramblings . Just stick to quality music.I 've always said , artists need to go back to the practice of releasing CD 's as if they were albums like back in the day....10-11 quality tracks and less filler . This album will get a lot of play on urban radio because she 's Janet , and her album will get milked for singles by the record company to recoup recording and promotion costs , but Janet fans know , -LRB- no matter how much you profess your love for her talent -RRB- , that she 's falling into a recording slump.Standout tracks in my opinion :1 . Sexhibition - Great hook and sound .2 . My Baby - Decent West production .3 . Spending Time With You - Great mid-tempo track .4 . Island Life - Great feel good track.Notable mentions :1 . Country/Damita Jo - Both of these combined should have been the lone album intro .2 . All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- - Cool points for incorporating Herbie Hancock 's funky `` Doin ' It '' . If you do n't know Herbie Hancock 's funk-fusion works , start with the album `` Head Hunters '' and move forward .3 . R&B ; Junkie - Cool points for bringing back Evelyn King 's `` I 'm In Love '' . For you young cats , check out her discography ... a bit spotty , but some decent R&B ; tracks from the late 70 's , early 80 's .4 . I Want You - Another West production . Sounds like Alicia Key 's `` You Do n't Know My Name '' . I 'm sure he knocked both of those tracks out around the same time ... too bad the better track went to Alicia Keys .
 Let 's talk seriously . This is a VERY BAD album , and I realize that a lot of janet fans just ca n't confess it because they simply like their idol -LRB- I just hate people who idolize enterteiners and think it 's dramatic when the idolized entertainers have weak voices , bad interpretations and absolutely not creative musical projects -RRB- , but the songs are horrible . The lyrics for Just a Little While are disgusting , she ca n't play with sexuality like Madonna in Justify My Love or Erotica ... . The songs sound more bubble-gummy than in her 2 first albums , it 's not mature , it does n't have personality . ... If you wan na listen to some more or less interesting Janet songs , go and buy The Velvet Rope , ...
 Remember when Janet Jackson actually used to * sing * on her CDs ? With words you could make out and sing along to ? -LRB- `` Come on baby , let 's get away / save our troubles for another day ... '' -RRB- I 've been a huge Janet fan since the late 80s and have loved most of the stuff she 's done in the last 15 years.Unfortunately , on this CD , Janet has continued the sad trend she began with `` All for You '' -- she almost never SINGS . Instead , we get seductive lyrical whispers on nearly every track . There are only 2 or 3 songs on the entire CD that I could actually hear what she was saying without having to look the lyrics up.Some of the songs on this CD have a lot of promise ... a few have really great beats that really make you want to dance , and they could be gold with another artist like Beyonce , who is n't afraid to use their voice . But honestly , unless you 're a hardcore fan , I would skip `` Damita Jo . ''
 With regard to DAMITA JO 's overall sound-good aspect , I actually give this album 4 stars . I give this album 2 stars because she has been treading and retreading overtly sexualy songs sings she changed clothes with her JANET album . I was a major fan of hers , but she just keeps repeating herself , which has become predicatably tedious . Janet Jackson needs new inspiration , new producers and new way to show off her well-defined body -LRB- are we tired of the short shirts , or what ? -RRB- . Being a poet , I know there are so many things to write about aside from sex , sex and more sex . C'mon , Janet , it 's old already . My favourite track is THINKIN ` BOUT MY X , which was surprisingly produced by another writer 's - blocked music maker , Babyface . Too bad though it sounds like pt 3 to AGAIN -LRB- pt 2 being EVERYTIME -RRB- . Janet , you experience so many different faces of life due to your world travels -- write about those . Interpolate aspects of the different cultures that you encounter , please . This is an announcement to all musical artists . I know you can aurally , as opposed to orally , go deeper than your sex organ.You seem to be afraid of completely leaving Jimmy and Terry behind . Well , I think they 've done all they can do . I would love to hear you sing something totally different in a tottally differnt style . Perhaps some unheard-of producer can pull something out of you that has n't already jaded our ears . Look at the acclaim MADONNA received when she brought WILLIAM ORBIT out of the dark . Listen to what he did to her voice , her style , her sales . Take a note , Janet
 Oh please , 5 stars ???? People wake up ! This is not music ; in fact I do n't know what the heck it is ! Janet could have and should have done better ... She probably would have done better had she LISTENED to her `` Rhythm Nation '' and `` Control '' albums again for some musical inspiration . It 's evident by `` Damita Jo '' that Janet has run out of fresh , generative ideas when it comes to music and instead resorts to shock value to sell cds . The lyrics here are disguisting , not sexy at all ... not by a long shot . I do n't know how she made it through the recording sessions without falling asleep ; where are the innovative beats , the funky grooves that made Janet so unique in the early days ? Perhaps the only redemptive song is `` R&B ; Junkie '' , but that 's messed up by Janet 's wanting `` to get her freak on '' ... does every song need to reference sex ? Mmmm ... not really . I am terribly disappointed b/c Janet is supposed to be the Queen of pop , but she has resorted to trying to `` fit in '' . To all of the people who gave this album 5 stars , you should have nothing to say about Britney Spears ' raunchiness or Christina Aguilera 's obvious dislike of clothes without throwing Janet 's name in as well ; this is not musical expression , it 's garbage.Pick up Tamia 's latest , `` More '' . You wo n't be disappointed . Make the wise decision as a consumer to support artists who have true talent and the common sense to display it in a tasteful manner.Oh yeah , Janet , please GIVE UP THE BALLADS . Your voice is just not strong enough ... It 's tough enough to listen to one , but a whole album full of them ? Get real . Stick to what you do best , or better yet , what you did the best back in the day ... and that was bringing the funk to pop music in a unique way . To whom much is given , much is required . It can not be argued that Janet has natural talent , but she 's channeling it in the wrong way . This cd falls way short of her potential and it 's pretty sad to watch someone as great as Janet sell herself short . Janet , give up the raunchy act , you 're so much better than that . If this is the `` real '' Janet Damita Jo Jackson , I 'll pass and you should too .
 I do n't care what you say , this is just not Janet Jackson . It 's not a good CD and I would prefer to just pretend that she did n't make this . I do n't care that the music is primarily about sex -- at least make it say something meaningful about sex . Half the time I do n't know what she 's moaning about or singing about because the loud beats drown her out . That is normally the case , but more so than normal on this thing . Will the real Janet Jackson please stand up ?
 im a product of the eighties , so when a singer from that era comes up in the 21st century , its nice to know that they have the staying power.but this album is nothing but hyped sex ... i mean she purrrs like a cat in heat in this album . and the lyrics are so ... similarly , the way the album is laid out , with interludes like in the 1814 album , its way too repeated , this is like the 3rd or 4rth album with the same formula.im just waiting for the next album where she totally exposes her b ** bs and says its `` a costume malfunction . ''
 Unless you are a hardcore Janet fan , I wouldnt waste money on this album . Truth is , Janet hasnt had a good album since `` The Velvet Rope '' . I dont know what she was doing on here , but I found myself incredibly bored throughout the whole CD . She only had maybe two stand out songs and they were both released as singles . One of them was `` Just a little while , '' which is a really good song and shoudl 've been a big hit ... but it was n't . Perhaps it was overshadowed by `` Nipplegate '' .
 what were you thinkin janet i mean you made 22 songs most of them are about islands i like strawberry bounce but man the rest of the album is trash and im mad because i spended 18 dollars on a cd i do n't even like people who read this do n't waste your money
 Theres just some very distasteful and raunchy lyrics ms. nasty Janet has planned for you on this sexy unsuccessful piece of crap.All this album is is a 40 something year old woman faking orgasms , moaning , screaming , which gets very tiresome . She does not care about the music anymore . She really just want 's to tell us what she does as her extracurricular activities , which is just having sex all day . I mean , come on . . All her fans left her after her little Super Bowl `` boobylicious '' stint . Which was as i have to say was a horrible career move on this raunchy filthy skanky lady.Instead of X-Tina , and Britney , which i thought were the queen of raunchy , Janet Jackson took the crown after this wreckage . The CD has only sold a distasteful 600,000 which is VERY horrible with her success of selling no more than 2 million , it looks like she took a terible fall , and her next album i suggest a much clean cut , not about sex , but i can guarentee there will not be a next one in a VERY long time . It happened to Mariah Carey 's career , and now happening to Janet , but Mariah rose from the ashes so maybe Janet can but it will take awhile for people to accept her for what shes done.Enough about her , this album is not horrible , the lyrics are i agree , very graphic , but the beats are very hypnotic , and good , but other than that , i can not suggest people buying this album , only if you would like to hear Janet moaning , orgasming , and talk about her having sex , and her fantisies .
 Janet Jackson for a while along with Jam & Lewis seemed to be striving for something.granted she never had that much depth as a Vocalist but she had a vibe that worked but now she just seems content on getting by with Formula driven material as to challenging herself.Her vocals never get going & the Production feels like Microwave food that has been cooked over twice before & Still is icy .
 I own many Janet CD 's -- actually every major one since Control , and this is a VERY VERY VERY weak CD . Many of these 5 star reviews are written by Janet 's record comonany 's PR department . There is a lot riding on this release and the record company knows how important these reviews are for sales . DO NOT BE FOOLED !!! Like I was !!!! Do NOT buy this record without hearing samples of the songs FIRST . This is a VERY VERY weak CD -- 1 star !! Max !!!!!!!!!!!!
 INDUSTRY ANALYSTS HAVE JUST CONFIRMED THAT DAMITA JOE IS SELLING BADLY AND HAS TANKED SO IT WOULD BE PRUDENT TO ASK THIS OLD WOMAN TO CALL IT A DAY AND ALLOW YOUNGER STARS TO EMERGE.THIS ALBUM IS HORRIBLE SO AVOID .
 As a huge Janet fan , I almost feel bad writing this review , but as a fan of music in general , I feel I must . I went out Tuesday and bought the album . excited as I am usually am by new work from one of my faves , but after repeated listenings , I am totally disappointed . There is nothing new here . Nothing that stands out . It sounds like all the other garbage that is coming out on the radio these days . Nice , Safe R&B , that sounds like it could have been released 10 years ago . There are some good lyrics and an overall sexy feel to the album , but no surprises . With all previous Janet albums I was pleasantly surprised with each new release to find someting new , yet something still Janet . When I heard that Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis were back on board for this album , I was excited , and then to hear some of the other prodecers who were involved , I was ecstatic . I really expected something new and exciting . I was sadly disappointed . Everything is bland and sounds the same , nothing really stands out . A few good lyrics , but nothing you ca n't hear from any other artist if you turn on your radio . While still a Janet fan , I suggest that she does n't stop looking for the new thing . A peer of hers is Madonna . While not always a critical sucess -LRB- or even a fan sucess -RRB- , at least she takes some chances and keeps mixing it up . If you like standard ordinary fare , and are n't looking for anything exciting , then you will not be disappointed by this album . It has solid production , and a great sound . It just is n't anything you have n't heard before .
 Well , as they say all things change . Janet lost me on this one . But to be honest , she barely held my interest with VR . I 'm not feeling the vibe on this at all . Too much sex -LRB- ... -RRB- in her songs . -LRB- . . -RRB- I only like `` All Nite '' cuz I saw her perform it live . Love that she can out dance the best world class trained dancers still ! But as for the direction of her music . I guess I must say goodbye . Not worth my hard earned money . Love you Jan as a person an all but geeze hun keep your clothes on for once . -LRB- ... -RRB- Too over EXPOSED musically , lyrically & professionally ...
 There was a time when Janet would be known for changing the game . Unfortunately , it looks like the game is changing Janet . That 's too bad .
 After purchasing this CD and listening to it , I ca n't believe that it was even produced and released . This is not the Janet that we knew back when . Nothing like what she used to sing and the songs are senseless and no rhythm to them . Control was a great buy and rhythm nation , this is just not Janet . I would never encourage anyone to buy this CD . To me , its the worst CD I own . Sorry Janet , but not good .
 The only song i like on this cd is `` JUST A LITTLE WHILE '' , the rest are just boring , the usual oohhs & aahhhs from Janet.make 's me so mad when they can make such an uptempo track and release it as the first single , then the rest of the tracks they could ` nt be bothered.BUY LATOYA JACKSONS new CD `` STARTIN OVER '' which is full of upbeat tunes , i love it , i got it in 2002 , still awaiting it 's official release soon , and the first single out soon to be called `` JUST WAN NA DANCE '' .
 a poor cd from someone whos done The Velvet Rope . -LRB- ... -RRB- Lets run thru the songs . NOTE
 Janet , what happened ? Even though this is a much better album than that load of you know what `` All For You '' was , it 's still not in the same league as `` Control '' , `` Rhythm Nation 1814 '' , `` Janet '' or `` The Velvet Rope '' . Janet , the sex thing has been done more effectively already so let it go.Put some clothes on and put out another GREAT album worthy of your best four.P.S .
 I used to be a massive fan , but it seems Janet 's -LRB- once sparingly -RRB- sensual tracks over time have slowly escalated to trashy & lame . Every track on this album has the same theme . `` I want to undress you and ... -LRB- Insert slutty chorus here -RRB- '' . Time to deflate your ego Janet . Sex does not make a woman powerful.We heard her soft breathing and moaning on the last few albums . Surprise surprise ! Here it is again ... & again & again & again . Very classyWelcome to rock bottom Janet .
 Ms. Jackson no longer seems to know any of her own strenghts anymore . Not only has she fallen down to the bottom of the barrel with this release , with the decadence of songwriting and production , she has lost any resemblance of the classy talented Janet that I had loved and grown up to admire for almost my whole life . This latest release demonstrates the biggest sellout in the history of music . I was deeply afraid of a really bad album from one of my former favorites and even then , I was completely unprepared for the disaster that `` Damita Jo '' really is ! This CD is the worst album I 've heard in years !! `` All For You '' was disappointing enough for what it was but even then , that album sounds almost like a masterpiece compared to the total disaster that `` Damita Jo '' really is . This album is terrible !! At least AFY was saved by a few tracks like the title track despite it 's vapid lyrics , `` Truth '' and the closing track `` Better Days '' . `` Better Days '' seemed to have pointed towards a better direction but sadly a good closing track to that album only pointed into artistic void and `` Damita Jo '' is that total artistic void.Virtually everything that could 've gone wrong with a Janet album goes completely wrong on `` Damita Jo '' . The first single off this piece of garbage entitled `` Just A Little While '' faltered miserably on the charts not even cracking the top 40 and for good reason , this song absolutely stinks being nothing more than shoddy singing , disjointed production and absolutely no substance . It was n't because of no promotion that this single failed , it was because almost nobody liked it and realized how stale her ` music ' has gotten . The second single `` I Want You '' fares no better being even lower than `` ho-hum '' and goes nowhere . I never could 've imagined back in late 1997 when `` The Velvet Rope '' was riding high that Janet could ever rank at the bottom because that album was just beautiful and still is but now scrolling seven years and one misfire , now we have been abused with this despicable excuse for attention and I feel utmost betrayed by one of my former favorite singers of all time.To all the airheads who accuse me of ` not being a fan ' , I have been a massive fan since I was a young kid -LRB- like back during the `` Control '' -RRB- and all the way through `` The Velvet Rope '' era from 1997 through 1998 and even forgave the speed bump that was `` All For You '' but with this follow-up album , it has shown that Janet has reached a dead end and has musically hit a brick wall . Another thing to add is that this album is NOT GROWING UP OR MATURING !!! In fact it is garbage like this that is setting the status of women back into the Stone Age and I am just saddened beyond belief that Janet has declined from being a really powerful symbol of strength to just a wretch caricature of her former self . These lyrics are absolutely intellectually insulting to listen to and are among the dumbest I 've ever listened to . Even the brainlessness of most teen pop artists have shown better styles than this krap ! Is this from the very same artist who did `` Rhythm Nation '' or `` The Velvet Rope '' ?! Or is this some clone ? Many of these songs fall into the same category of the wretched commercial rap/hip-hop garbage that is disposed of in a short time and is of the kind of commercial junk that I despise with a morbid vengeance . This whole album is just joke after joke after joke with disasters like `` Country '' , `` Strawberry Bounce '' and vomit inducing songs like `` Moist '' and `` Sexhibition '' which do n't even deserved to have been recorded . Do n't even get me started with the interludes.My expectations were very low for this album but even those expectations were n't even close to being met . This -LRB- edited for inappropriate language -RRB- is terrible ! I ca n't believe that someone with such gifted talent would put out garbage like this ! Even Britney Spears at times is better than this ! I have no idea what will happen with this album in the coming years but one 's things for sure . I have lost all of my respect for her and this album is so awful that it has turned me away from all of her albums , even from `` Rhythm Nation 1814 '' . This was Janet 's chance to really grow out of this rut but she completely blew it ! I simply give up on ever hearing anything good coming off a Janet record ever again and it 's now time to move on . This album does n't deserve to be thrown into the garbage can . It should be thrown into the magnesium fire or into a thermal depolymerization plant.Janet 's music started off being primitive with her self-titled debut , then her sophomore effort `` Dream Street '' , to blossomingly fresh and new with `` Control '' , rising to dizzying heights with `` Rhythm Nation 1814 '' , to somewhat tired with `` Janet '' , but rising again with `` The Velvet Rope '' , and then declining to stale with `` All For You '' and with `` Damita Jo '' , it has now decayed into total filth that should just be washed into the abyss where it belongs . A crushing ignominious blow to a great legacy .
 This CD earns an extra star for crisp , colorful production . It 's certainly more interesting and hooky than 2001 's often bland and/or overcooked `` All For You '' , and musically , my favorite tracks include the bouncy , funky `` Sexhibition '' -LRB- Dallas Austin still got it -RRB- , the tropical `` Spending Time With You '' and `` Island Life '' , the scorching , danceable `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- '' -LRB- with a clever Herbie Hancock sample -RRB- , the old-school `` R&B ; Junkie '' , and the entrancing `` Slolove '' -LRB- which could have worked as a single -RRB- . But most of the tracks still sound half-baked , as if this was a rushed product , and the sex-kitten act has really got to go . Good for her if she 's a sexual person that likes to express herself but she 's nearing 40 and could be singing about other , more mature things . `` Spank that backdoor '' ? `` Boy , you about to make the rain come down '' ? `` Turn it out swinging from this pole '' ? 1993 's `` janet . '' was truly sexy ; this is just porn with a beat and melody.Here 's hoping for improvement on her next outing . I have n't given up on her and I 'd like for her to evolve a little .
 Let me start out by counteracting what a previous reviewer stated -- I am a Janet fan , but I DO NOT LOVE THIS ALBUM . Perhaps it 's that I 'm listening to a different record -LRB- ? -RRB- -- maybe it 's just me , but were n't both RHYTHM NATION and THE VELVET ROPE both supremely fine albums that put this dreck to shame ? -- but I see DAMITA JO as a startling step down , even from the very scattered ALL FOR YOU , which I thought definately had it 's fair share of weak moments . The overriding problem is that Jackson has chosen to make a modern day R&B album -- no , not a pop-laced R&B set like much of her previous work , but something more akin to what Beyonce or Alicia Keys might pop out of their hats . The thing is , the aforementioned two artists are both formidable vocalists , able to gravitate between both uptempo and slower tunes with substantial ease . Jackson does not and never has had the vocal power to navigate through ballad territory with any large measure of success , with the random exception here and there -LRB- maybe the more pop-oriented `` Again '' or `` Come Back To Me '' -RRB- . And here she is with an album that slows down the tempo for much of the proceedings , many with libidinous titles -LRB- `` Moist '' and `` Warmth '' the most overt -RRB- that insist this is quite the sexy recording , when in fact Jackson has always sounded about as sexy as a department store mannequin would if they could actually form words . There are a few almost-inspired moments -- the title track is actually quite nifty , as is the synth-driven `` R&B Junkie '' and the club-inspired `` SloLove '' . And I ca n't believe the chilly reception -- again , maybe it 's me -- to unofficial `` first single '' `` Just A Little While '' , which in my mind sounds different than anything else here and also happens to be the best thing going on an otherwise largely uninspired , way overlong -LRB- do n't get me started on the idiotically mind-numbing interludes -RRB- waste of compact disc space . That track reminds me of why I loved alot of her best work -- it has a huge hook , but also sounds just different enough to be original . Ultimately , a rethink is in order for her next disc -- I 'm beginning to think `` nipplegate '' was n't the wardrobe malfunction we were led to believe , but a publicity stunt concocted to drum up publicity for what is ultimately her weakest album since before CONTROL .
 Janet Jackson who reigned as a pop goddess in the late 80s and 90s with albums like `` Control '' , `` Rhythm Nation '' , `` Janet . '' has now completely fallen apart.Has Ms. Jackson lost her writers , and producers and hiring amateurs ? Because this album just goes from one boring song to the next with waste of time interludes.Reason why `` Just A Little While '' peaked at a pawltry No. 45 on Billboards Hot 100 Singles chart shows Jackson is tiring quite fast . The song is mess with hooks and chorus going everywhere , not knowing where the song is at all going.Once the first single bombed the label quick to release the snorer `` I Want You '' which is scratching its way up the Hot 100 in the 60s right now and not to go much further.I thought `` All For You '' was the first and hopefully last of the Ms. Jackson downslide , but `` Damita Jo '' proves the slide ends at the sandbox , and Ms. Jackson is up to her ears in sand.Just a waste ... So talented , so pretty , and she comes out with this mess .
 I 've been a fan of Janet 's from way back in the day . I 'm talking `` Dreamstreet '' and the very first album `` Janet Jackson '' . So I 've watched her growth from the chubby shy teen to the self confident , independent woman that she is . Though I love `` Rhythm Nation '' -LRB- and still think it is her best release to date -RRB- , I was ever so thrilled to see her shed the army uniforms and show a little skin.But one decade , dozens of giggles , screams of ecstasy , cutesy skits and the obligatory `` EDIT ! '' thrown in for good measure later , it all just seems so very tired to me nowadays . I 've heard new school fans commenting on how different this album is and how profound her lyrics are here . I guess it 's an age thing ... to me this album , as with the last three , are all about dancing and carnal desires.Don ' t get me wrong , I love Janet . But she 's pushing 40 now . She has a brother accused of some serious accusations . She 's divorced two times over . She 's an affluent African American woman in a predominately Caucasian male world . I guess I was just expecting so much more than her talking about cute boys and making love . And as soon as I saw the album cover , half naked ... AGAIN ... I knew I was going to be in for another dose of the Jimmy Jam/Terry Lewis `` Naked Janet Show '' . But as dance albums go , I thought it was ... okay -LRB- I liked ' I Want You ' but I also liked it the first time I heard it in '95 when Madonna did it and called it `` True Blue '' -RRB- I was just hoping something more in the Amel Larriuex , Aaliyah or Goaple direction , not trying to reclaim her status as naked pop diva . Let Britney and Christina fight over that Janet ... you are soooo much better than that .
 While I am a huge Janet Jackson fan and like all of her other albums I could n't even finsih listening to any of the songs on this album . It sounds like she just through this album togheter real quick to make some money . Maybe she 's trying to help her brother . No wonder why she had to expose herself on TV .
 I did n't realize Janet had came out with this album until Discpline came out ! I do remember seeing her single on BET and it was kind of a hit there , but she def . lost her mega star status after the super bowl incident . People were pissed , and she really took the heat for it . Which I think she deserved -LRB- to me the whole performance was raunchy -RRB- . Other then that I gave this album shot and wound up disappointed . To me it seemed like Janet really lost her punch with this album . To me it just sounded really lame . The only two tracks I thought that were really strong were All Night and R & B junkie . I was like there 's the janet I know and love ! Uh , the rest just seems like really crappy filler ! I would n't waste my time unless your a janet fan . This is like a 16 y.o. valley girl pop album to be quite honest .
 I think this is the worst album.One thing is the front cover that she has no shirt on and she is covering her chest.One day my mom got this CD and we heard it and she never told me to get out because it was explicit.And why the hell is the CD explicit?Not one of her albums are explicit but this one.The only track that pulled it off was R&B Junkie.So please do not buy this pure crap .
 Musical artists are commited to try to sell their record as much as possible . Incredible artists like Michael Jackson , the biggest selling recording artist in history , needs to sell records , which he has done ... truly the King of All Music . Alanis Morissette needs to sell her new record because its quite good , but not given enough attention.Well I think Janet , whom as tried to sell records in her 20 year decade has done well despite the fact that she has only sold 1/6 of the amount of records as Michael . But I do n't think she needs this one to sell . Wait ... I know what you are thinking ... `` this album is n't selling as great as her previous and she needs to sell '' . Actually , it would be good if she did n't sell because this could officially ruin her career . However much she sells is how much fans she has let down . They wo n't be back for her next album , even if that album is as good as Velvet Rope.Tracks like Damita Jo , Sexhibition , Strawberry Bounce do n't offer much . Tracks like `` My Baby '' shows that she is desperate to keep up with the hip hop scene . Janet has always been a trendsetter like her brother but now she is being a follower . The interludes are unnecessary and makes me want to pull my hair out . Think Janet think .
 Hard to say this as I am a HUGE janet fan . But `` Damita Jo '' just does NOT deliver the quality of Janet music we are used too . Promos report that it is a musical ride of Janet 's emotions and personalities . Personally I feel it was a ride that makes one both nauseous and ill . Only saving factor of this Cd is the ONE song `` Up All Nite '' . Save your money and pray just this song comes out on a single . For those who do purchase it ... Good Luck , Take some Pepto for the upcoming upset stomach and hit track # 1 , and let your ride begin .
 I dont see how people can give this 5 stars . Other than a few upbeat tracks . The rest is just a bore . It doesnt take talent to whisper . Her last cd was bad enough . This one might even be worse . I also think its funny how some peope who gave this 5 stars . Dont even like all the tracks on it . they do a song rating scale and dont give all the tracks a good score . So how cant it be five stars ???
 one of the worst releases of this year from this aging woman.this is even more terrible than her previous albums.not recommended .
 More sensless pop from the other ` has been ' Jackson . The whole Super Bowl peep show was clearly a pathetic attempt to get her name back in the headlines . How about writing and singing your own songs ???? Sampling and lyp synching are a farse.I 'm sure a million dollar video with her rehashed dance moves will sell decent numbers of this cd to those who are willing to waste their money on ` style ' over substance . Good thing for Janet , as this cd has none of the latter .
 Prime Cuts
 Too many weak tracks and lazy production drag this album down . And Janet , bless her heart , is getting a little long in the tooth for -LRB- ... -RRB- the four-letter words . Even her best albums have been stylistically reckless and self-indulgent , but they at least yielded a handful of strong singles . I 've always gone along for the ride , and I preordered this CD . It 's OK , but it 's her worst . What was her inspiration ? Doing it ? On every other track , she wants to do you , or she wants you to do her good . `` R&B Junkie '' and `` All Nite '' are BOTH about being a junkie and dancing all night , so I ca n't tell them apart unless I read my iPod .
 She talks too much about sex . And the songs are n't sexy , they are just gross . Maxwell and Alicia Keys make sexy R&B ; / pop music by creating a SEXY ATMOSPHERE , and Janet has before . But now she is so literal in her come-ons they just sound silly.That being said , there are 2 good songs on here
 She totally ripped off the cover from Sade 's Love Deluxe album circa 1992 . In my opinion , Sade pulled it off much better.As for the album , I 've listened to several tracks and can only tolerate `` SloLove . '' Had she released that song as the first single , the album might have went somewhere ...
 I purcahced this album after buying such greats like `` JANET '' and `` THE VELVET ROPE '' I was so dissapointed ! Where are the catchy songs ? Where are those unique vocals ?! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 A real Janet fan knows when to recognize when something is not her best work , instead of automatically loving it because it has her name on it . In fact , this is VERY FAR from her best work and represents a new low in her artistic expression not to mention taste . The album has some bright spots , but they are few and far between , and far below her capability . -LRB- ... -RRB- Lyrics
 `` Damita Jo '' is a light , breezy listen with a number of fun songs to listen/dance to ... . its only down side is a couple of them sound like something the talentless Britney Spears could have done . The by-now ultra familiar interludes are here . Janet Jackson fans from way back will find much to like here , but it 's not on par with her best , such as `` Rhythm Nation . '' It 's arguably on the same quality level as `` All For You , '' but without anything as infectious as that album 's title track . A pleasant enough listen , without the self-consciousness of such albums as `` Velvet Rope . ''
 After listing to Janet 's latest CD , I ca n't help but wonder if she 's in a terrible rut . Her releases have always seemed to focus on a theme , whether it be independence -LRB- `` Control '' -RRB- , unity -LRB- `` Rhythm Nation '' -RRB- , love -LRB- `` Janet '' -RRB- , or acceptance -LRB- `` The Velvet Rope '' -RRB- . Things seemed to start going downhill with 2001 's `` All For You . '' Maybe it was the focus on the sample , maybe it was the weak vocals and omnipresent giggles , but it was seriously lacking the punch of her prior releases . With `` Damita Jo , '' there are a few decent tracks to be found - `` All Nite '' -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- , '' which reminds me of the Black Eyed Peas ' `` Hey Mama '' , `` I Want You , '' an instant classic that might fit well into an old jukebox , and `` My Baby , '' which features a slick cameo by Kayne West . Overall , though , it seems like Janet 's focusing on the `` shock and awe '' value - she 's no stranger to pushing buttons , but there 's a difference between being coy and being downright explicit .
 Damita Jo just does n't do it for me ! I initially heard this CD and was immediately disappointed and shocked at how commercial Janet has become ! The girl who once sang about the `` Pleasure Principle '' and the `` State of the World '' today has reached an all-new low in sleazedom-and the thing is it 's not cute anymore !!! I could barely stomach the whole `` I 'm in touch with my sexuality '' thing when Janet did it on the `` Velvet Rope '' and I really ca n't stand it now !! I read the reviews here on Amazon.com and was amazed at the number of 5 star reviews people gave this mess -LRB- C'mon , folks ! -RRB- . That 's what prompted me to go back and listen a little more deeply to `` Damita Jo '' . The fact is I 'm even more disappointed now in Janet than I was initially . How could a woman that I grew up with and loved because of her demure and innocent facade turn out to be a Traci Bingham clone and the disappointment of the year ? It 's obvious Janet 's trying to keep up with the J-Lo 's and Brittney Spears on the scene . A shame , too , cuz once upon time , those same girls were desperately trying to be like Janet . Maybe she now has something to prove . Maybe she does n't want to end up like her fallen-from-grace brother . Or maybe Janet 's reached a point in her career where gimmickry -LRB- the dreaded Super Bowl imbroglio -RRB- is needed to sell a blatantly egregious CD . `` Come Back to Me '' , Janet !!!
 JANET !!! WHAT HAPPENED TO THE JAMS ?!?? Although Janet expresses herself through her music -LRB- which is good -RRB- , what happened to the music to dance to ? Most of Janet 's albums used to be a bit of `` this & that '' ; some heartfelt songs , maybe something a bit `` risque '' , but there were always a few good jams interlaced within that resulted in a well balanced album . In `` Damita Jo '' , this is definitely not the case . Do n't get me wrong ; she is still the same talented Janet Jackson . But when I bought this CD , I did n't buy it to cure insomnia and maintain a healthy sleep period . As a fan , I 've embraced her sensuality ; but how many albums does it take for that to be expressed ? I loved Janet 's work from the beginning , but I must admit that I 'm truly disappointed about this one . When I heard `` All For You '' from her last album , I had mixed feeligs as well . Seriously , when you are Janet Jackson , why would you need to follow the `` P-Diddy '' method of music by looping somebody else 's tracks to make a hit ? What amazes me is that producers Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis would stoop below their level of unsurpassed creativity to even produce that track . On this album , she repeats this played-out process used by every other artist today with `` R&B Junkie '' stealing loops from Evelyn King 's `` I 'm In Love '' . Maybe that 's the only way that P-Diddy knows how to make music , but I expected better from Janet Jackson . Maybe the real creative child within Janet Jackson will once again wake up in time for the next album . Until then , I guess this is the time for everyone to just climb up on top of their own doghouse like Snoopy and just go to sleep . Well , here 's my advice
 For an artist of Janet 's stature who has the ability to surround herself with very talented people , I am a little surprised that this album sounds so similar to All for You , the Velvet Rope and Janet . Very few songs stand out and except for the three songs in the middle of the album `` all nite '' , `` r & b junkie '' and `` i want you '' , I find myself skipping around a lot . Even the Kanye West collaboration borders on dull . The spoken interludes are downright silly and do n't add much to an album . I would pass on this one and wait for the next Greatest Hits collection , which should be out in the next few years .
 Janet must surely miss her younger days when everything she released to radio was instantly added , when her albums sold in the millions , and when she was seeen as the `` normal Jackson . `` Some say media backlash is to blame for the complete commercial failure of this album . I beg to differ . This cd is simply just not good . I bought it , listened to it several times , searching in vain for standout tracks , memorable melodies , anything that grabbed me . Could n't find it . And the cd now rests in the waaaay back of my stack , never to be played again . The Super Bowl debacle was just the final nail in her coffin . Rest in Peace , Miss Jackson .
 It seems that Janet Jackson has been truly uninspired since 1993 . I mean , listen to the album `` janet '' , then listen to everything she has put out since . She has n't done much to mix things up with this , her latest album . She obviously picked her producers when she was drunk -- most of the people involved in this album , except Kanye West , have n't seen a hit single since 1995 . The first single from her last 4 albums have sounded like the same song done over again ... `` Runaway '' , `` Together Again '' , `` All For You '' and now `` Just A Little While '' . They 're all too soft to be a good dance song and totally fail to be interesting . I miss the Janet that did stuff like `` Rhythm Nation '' and `` If '' . THAT was some great stuff . `` Damita Jo '' is just absolutely bland and is more of the R&B - lite crapola she 's been churning out lately.This is the first Janet Jackson album to have the first 3 singles miss the Top 40 ... a huge shock considering her albums have always dominated the singles chart upon release . A complete and absolute dud and was clearly D.O.A.
 Great background , but ca n't hear the singing well . The lyrics are almost indistinguishable . Some of it devolves almost to rap , which I hate . Usually , with rap , though , you can hear the words along with the bass/drums beat.Backround was pretty good , and makes good filler . The singing was hardly art . Some of the intro talking was really pretty insipid .
 I , too , am a big Janet fan but the last two albums have been crap -LRB- and I am being kind here -RRB- ! Janet seems to have forgotten what made her great . All this sex stuff should be left to singers like Adina Howard . By the way , that is n't a put down on Adina because it fits her plus its her specialty . She has n't built her legacy on class like Janet . While there is nothing wrong with singing about love and sex , it does n't fit Janet at all.I found only 4 tracks that I play at all , the rest was just a big mess . This hurts me because Janet is more capable than that . Instead of trying to compete with Britney or Christina , she should be accepting the fact that she 's getting older and that she should be trying to go the route of , say , a Patti LaBelle or even Mary J. Blige . I wo n't say this CD is total garbage but I 'd find it at a reduced price.SideNote
 I 'm not reviewing this album as just another listener of mainstream music , I 'm reviewing this as a fan of Janet Jackson since `` Control '' . This album is a complete mockery to the Janet Jackson of old . Whatever happened to the Janet that made classic albums like `` Rhythm Nation 1814 , '' an album I constantly refer to as `` the greatest pop record ever made ? '' Gone are lyrics that deal with anything other then sex , gone are the interesting grooves.The album starts off quite strong , the into is really ... calming , and it makes one feel as though they 've snuggled up to a Janet that they rememeber , the one who only sang shyly about love . `` Damita Jo '' follows , and it is also a welcome treat to the ears , with interesting lyrics and an interesting beat , and then moves into `` Sexhibition , '' another great song . It 's a fun song to listen to , along with it 's follow up , Srawberry Bounce . However , I can only take so many slow songs , and there 's this one gap of songs that start after Strawberry Bounce -LRB- despite the lyrics , arguably the best song on the album , based on listenability -RRB- , that just ... wanders in the realm of utter boredom . Slow , muddled production that I ca n't imagine anyone ever liking . It all just sounds the same . Not until `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- , '' another highlight of the album , does it pick up . It 's a great fast paced song , the lyrics are raunchy as hell though.R 'n' b Junkie is also pretty crappy . It does n't even sound like she 's even trying to sing , and if I hear anyone mention `` old school '' on a song again ... It does n't add credibility or whatever you think it 's doing , so stop saying it . YES , the song has a cool `` Control-like '' sound , but the lyrics suck and only take away from the song . Fortunately , the great -LRB- and underappreciated -RRB- `` I Want YOU '' follows , and I 'm once again reminded of a more mature Janet who I can respect ... why Janet , why do you do that . I ask `` Why '' because soon after that WONDERFUL ballad , she decides to indulge the listeners with THE WORST SEX SONGS I HAVE EVER HEARD . Janet has been all about the sex lately , sure , but `` Warmth '' and `` Moist '' are so cringe-inducingly bad , I would feel utterly embarassed if somebody EVER heard it in my car stereo . After that trip , I 'm greeted with some more mediocrity and then the nice `` Just a Little While , '' which I actually find ot be pretty enjoyable . I remember hearing it when it was the `` leaked single '' and hoping that all of Damita Jo would sound as different and cool . Was I ever wrong.So let 's review . Good beginning , boring , decent , DISGUSTING , boring , decent.It 's a horribly uneven album that makes me long even more for a GOOD , new Janet Jackson album , something I think may never come .
 Ugh . ` Control ' and ` Rhythm Nation 1814 ' were and still are two of my favorite albums of all time . It seems like ever since , Janet has descended further and further into desperate `` must compete against 16-yr old singers with bare navels '' territory , from her surgically-enhanced exterior to her meaningless and sex-obsessed albums.Don ' t get me wrong - some of the songs on here are catchy and fun -LRB- R&B ; Junkie , Just a Little While , etc -RRB- but the rest sounds like teenage boy bravado - `` I 'm going to do this , this and this to you in this order '' which makes her sexual crooning sound more like she 's trying to remind herself how to actually perform various acts . It does n't come across as sensual and romantic , it comes across as trash I would expect to hear on Jenny Jones outtakes.It 's sad that she went from art-over-image to where she is today , but I miss the Janet that sang immensely catchy pop/R & B ; songs that was traded in for the version who has spent 11 years and 4 albums telling us that she 's really just a dirty girl . . keep it behind closed doors and out of the studio next time , Janet .
 I was gravely disappointed with this album . It has too many slow songs on it , and the songs that are up-tempo , just do n't go anywhere at all . Damita Jo was a good track , but it is way too short.The sex songs have got to stop . It was fun with her self-titled and Velvet rope albums , but by All for you , it began to get a bit old , and here she is , doing it again on three playboy/adult channel trashy tracks Sexibition/Strawberry bounce/Warmth and Moist . She is so pretentious as to be completely self-obsessed . It would n't at all surprise me if she were sexually inadequate.All in all , I shall award this CD with two stars , as Damita Jo , R&B ; junkie and Slolove are good upbeat songs.I am hoping for better things with her next album .
 I ` ve been a fan of Janet since 1986 when Control was released . I have ALL of the albums she has made since then and this one is the worst ! There is only One track that stands out which is the single Just A Little While . The first 4 tracks are just a fusion of bland soul music . Janet used to be like Madonna , always an innovator of music ... not a follower . Janet was a great album with tracks like Thats the way , Again , If , Throb etc. . Velvet Ropes best track was You , a withdrawn release . All For You was n`t a great album , but the title track , someone to call my lover and Son of a gun ... all very different and brilliant ! Come on Janet ! You CAN do better .
 Damito Jo is now no 15 on the Billboard album chart ! Thank you ! To all of you who refused to be suckered by the wardrobe/musical/career malfunction , thank you . It is great to see that most of the CD buying public wised up to the fact that 90 % or more of the wonderful reviews here were written by record company hacks wanting to make you believe that there was some grassroots fan movement . Let 's keep it going until Damita Jo is in the cutout section and on sale for $ 1.99 . And even then , do n't buy it !
 As someone who likes to keep `` abreast '' of R&B ; , I must saythat this latest effort by `` Damita Ho '' is a crashing BO !! Poor middle-aged Janet ran out of interesting ideas about 3CD 's ago , and so has gone on to replace good songs with stalegrooves , 80 's re-hashes , and boring sampling . And enough ofthe sexual stuff , girly girl ! For a 38-year old woman to keeprubbing her `` self-discovery '' -LRB- i.e. `` I love my coochie '' -RRB- in ourears is too much . Someone has lost Control !!
 Someone here wrote that this music makes you want to get up and dance . Hard to do that with your pants down around your ankles . There 's only one purpose to this music . And once you hear a couple of cuts , you 'll realize that the Super Bowl fiasco was no accident . This once-innocent girl -LRB- the last of the sane Jacksons -RRB- knows exactly what she 's doing -- corrupting America in order to line her pocketbook . Surely there must be some other way to get rich , but that would be taking the high road , and high roads require integrity and talent .
 I think this is the worst album.One thing is the front cover that she has no shirt on and she is covering her chest.One day my mom got this CD and we heard it and she never told me to get out because it was explicit.And why the hell is the CD explicit?Not one of her albums are explicit but this one.The only track that pulled it off was R&B Junkie.So please do not buy this pure crap .
 I have enjoyed her albums Rhythm Nation , Janet , Velvet Rope and 3 songs from All For You , but this album is the worst . I dont feel the oomph that she normally puts into an album . This is what happens when works with different producers . Janet is a good singer , but she went downhill with this one .
 Have no doubt , I have loved JJ since her ` Control ' album , but I have to be honest when I talk about ` Damita Jo . ' I was EXTREMELY disappointed with the entire album . Yes , it has a good beat and yes it 's fun to listen to however , she has seemingly become stagnant in regards to her message and what she would like to convey to her fans . If she is all about sex then good for her , but in my opinion there are other things out there that are more important and a woman with her power position could do something positive with her work . When I compare ` Damita Jo ' to ` Rhythm Nation ' I have to say I respected her more for her songs/lyrics on ` Rhythm Nation ' than I do for her current work.I still think she is a fabulous entertainer , but this one is a disappointment .
 Ever since Janet -LRB- ... -RRB- has gained a `` newfound happiness '' and with that gain she seems to have lost the ability to be original ; maybe her ex was behind her career more than she would care to admit . This album , along with All For You -LRB- the album and tour -RRB- , are `` generically Janet . '' Do n't get me wrong , the album 's not bad , it 's just not good either . If this was the first Janet album I had ever listened to -LRB- I own them all BTW and am a huge fan of her overall -RRB- I would love it but , that is not that case . All of the songs are interchangable with her albums of the past and the crudeness , well it 's just gotten old . I would love `` Warmth '' for the melody if it were n't for the blatant unimaginative lyrics . -LRB- ... -RRB- Overall the album reaks of trying to hard -LRB- shocking lyrics -RRB- and not trying at all -LRB- musical content -RRB- , all at the same time . If you want an album with no true personality , a rehash of older ideas -LRB- interludes , sexual themes , and same sound -RRB- GET THIS ALBUM . If you 've already heard `` Janet '' and `` The Velvet Rope '' just pass on this one or , prepare to be dissapointed , just as I was .
 This is an R&B album , not a pop album . I ca n't express how disappointed I am in this CD . I have been a Janet fan since the beginning . I have endured this CD 3 times hoping it would grow on me . It is just a boring , poorly produced piece of work . It 's nearly impossible to hear the vocals over the instrumentals . What I can hear is just vulgar . I am not a conservative person but someone needs to remind Janet that there is a difference between sexy and vulgar . The one highlight is `` All Nite '' . This , the only danceable tune is placed conveniently in the middle of the CD , to keep the listener from falling asleep I asume . Even at the lower released price this album is disappointing . Unless you are looking for heavy bass and barely audible whispered vocals , skip this album .
 This album sets JANET JACKSON or should I say DAMITA JO back to her Fame days . What a waste of MONEY I put this cd -LRB- ... -RRB- . Now I know why she had to come up with something to get this to move off the shelves . IF you like a lot of softed voiced mumble jumble and maybe ONE dance song -- Here it is . IF you want music that you can sing or dance to -- Move on . I heard Janet say this is a album about being in love well , I find it more LUST than LOVE . Janet keep this love cd behind closed doors and do what you do best DANCE MUSIC .
 I have been a Janet fan for quite some time , and this was definitely not her best . I have to say that I find that the `` genre '' of music she chose to introduce on this cd is really almost irritating . I wish she would just go back to the type of music she used to write on her previous cds .
 I 've been a Janet Jackson fan for almost 20 years now and I must say that this is the weakest of all her albums . The production is very strong , polished , and crisp -LRB- as usual -RRB- , however , the music is bland and very uninspiring . I know Janet is really into exploring -LRB- and exploiting -RRB- her sexually , but she does n't take us into more of a deeper realm that other artist like Prince has n't already been to.Out of the 22 tracks on this album , I only bother listening to two - `` Spending Time With You '' and `` SloLove '' . If you are looking for GOOD Janet Jackson albums , then please direct your attention to Control , Rhythm Nation 1812 , Janet. , and the Velvet Rope . Leave this one on the shelf .
 Janet Jackson is famous simply for being the sister of the `` King of Pop '' , Michael Jackson however she is famous in her own right as well . With her ninth -LRB- I believe -RRB- album , `` Damita Jo '' , Janet falls into a common problem of RnB these days
 Looking for Love -LRB- intro -RRB- - decent ; nice production , and the lyrics are good too.Damita Jo - Meh/10Sexhibition - Almost as bad as Damita Jo ... Strawberry Bounce - Solid.My Baby - An Island feel . Like it . Does n't hurt that Jay is in it.The Island -LRB- interlude -RRB- - Eh . It 's OK . But not necessary . Could 've been left off , just like all the interludes , save for the decent intro.Spending Time With You - Not bad . She sounds a little more like Michael than I 'd like to notice and acknowledge . But what She speaks about is what I would Love to have at this point in my life ... Magic Hour -LRB- interlude -RRB- - Meh.Island Life - Uh ... I do n't even remember this track , lol ... ! All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- - OK . Something to dance to . Nothing more.R & B ; Junkie - Has an 80s feel . I like it a lot!I Want You - The very best of Janet -LRB- on this disc anyway -RRB- . Kanye produced it , and I 'm not surprised.Like You Do n't Love Me - Great , great sample . Kanye Omari probably laced this track!Thinkin ' Bout My Ex - Meh . Dreamy production , but otherwise quite skip-able . Warmth - Whatever , Janet . The sex kitten role is SO 85 . -_- Moist - Why would You name a song Moist ? Skip-able . It All Comes Down to Love -LRB- interlude -RRB- - Skip-able . Why so many damn skits , Janet ? You ruined Your album , with ease !! Truly - It 's OK . Dreamy production which We 've come to expect . But I like it . Great harmonies . Very lulling.The One -LRB- interlude -RRB- - If I hear one more interlude , I 'm gon na tear Janet 's horse hair out her damn head !! -LRB- LOL -RRB- SloLove - Laid-back track . Nothing complicated , but fluffy , catchy and slightly enjoyable.Country -LRB- interlude -RRB- - Stupid . Stupid . F'in . Stupid.Just a Little While - Um ... Weird ending . It 's not bad . Just questionable .2.5 stars .
 In a word , Terrible . Janet could n't have heard this album before release , if she had she would have pulled it from production . In all but 3 songs , you could n't tell who was singing , her voice is just not strong . The back-up singers should get top bill . The songs sounded like everything else she has done in the past 8 cds . I had high hopes for this CD , and was extremely disappointed . From the sound of her voice , no lack of a voice , she should give up singing .
 After listening to all the ultra-conservative radio talk show hosts bash Janet for the last two months over that Superbowl stunt I was fully ready to support Janet on this new album even though I was disappointed with her last album All For You . People just freaked over the Superbowl performance and I liked it and did n't find it tasteless at all . We all have nipples afterall . Anyway , I do n't know what happened to Janet on this cd , but the songs are just boring . She keeps the same light whispery tone throughout almost every song . The song All Nite is the best song on the album in my opinion and that really is n't saying much . I 've been a Janet fan since the Control days and have all of her albums and several singles , but if this album reflects the way Janet 's music is moving I seriously doubt I will purchase another Janet album . I will at least wait until a couple of singles are released next time to see what they sound like .
 I agree with the person who believes these five-star reviews are from Janet 's record company or friends , etc. . Janet has n't made great music in a while but the last decent album she had was Janet . The Velvet Rope slightly passed the entertainment mark . -LRB- ... -RRB- It 's a shame she 's compromising the talent she used to have so she can remain a black pin-up doll for people who were n't even old enough to remember her GOOD albums . All the songs sound a like and you ca n't understand a word she 's saying half the time . Grow up , Janet . Skip this album unless you 've misplaced your latest shipment of Viagra .
 This is absoutely ridiculous . I was eagerly awaiting the new cd from Janet ; expecting an offering that illustrated why she is the star the other `` wannabes '' in the pop world copy . Instead , all Janet comes up with is tired , uninspired lyrics , which all seem to focus on one thing . I 'm beginning to think Janet has a serious hangup . This is a far fall from her `` Control '' and Rhythm Nation '' days . On the song , `` Damita Jo '' , Janet claims to have `` class '' but she contradicts herself terribly as evidenced in the lyrics showcased on this cd . She leaves nothing to the imagination and the result is an utterly disguisting self-degrading mess . I would advise everyone to pass this one up ... I 'll be glad when Janet cleans up her act and returns to the regal form she once possesed.Don ' t let the innocent smile fool you ; this is trash .
 This is primarily an album of R&B lite and `` Slow Jam '' music . While there are a couple semi decent songs , this is not an album to grove or dance to . To be frank , I found it boring and a waste of Janet 's time , an anyone -LRB- else 's time -RRB- looking foreward an `` Old School '' jam . My adice is to listen to `` Control '' , `` Rythym Nation '' , `` Janet '' , `` The Velvet Rope '' or `` All For You '' until Janet 's next album after `` YO 20 '' comes out . Lots of `` old School '' Janet fans , such as myself , have also skipped `` YO 20 . ''
 Well , I really think this is the worst Janet 's cd . It 's boring , some songs are really fool . Janet should stop trying to write `` atmosphere '' songs because she does n't succeed at all . to tell the truth , she never succeeded in the past too . Janet is for dancing , for songs full of energy , not for slow songs with fool lyrics like these , without any meaning.buff ! che schifo!ciao !
 Do n't get me wrong . I use to be a fan of Janet Jackson 's music . I loved the albums `` Control '' , `` Rhythm Nation '' `` Janet '' and `` The Velvet Rope '' . I could n't wait for them . After I boutht `` All for you '' , I was totally dissapointed . The music was bland , nothing special . I had high hopes for this album until I listened to it . What a waste ! Not one good song . I miss the old Janet ; I just do n't know if the music she releases from now on is going to be this bad . My recommendation is to not buy this album . Save your money instead .
 After the last CD , I felt she was really trying to hard to be sexy.This DJ junk is nothing more than Adult Entertainment on CD . And as far as the so-called `` worbdrove malfunction '' at the Super Bowl ? Please !!! It was all plan JJ , just in time for this DJ mess and you know it . Hell !! You 've been busting out with your chest open since the 1990 MTV music awards ever since . JJ you are 40 years old now , your sex goddess days , when you were in your 20 's are over !!! Stop with the sex pot act , get some class and taste back . Or for that matter , you seriously need to mature your image and sound .
 This album should get zero stars because this album is garbage . She always love to show her body . Thats why i titled it she need to put on some clothes . I ` m glad i did n`t see that superbowl incident when Justin Timberlake took her bra off . Do n`t buy this garbage .
 I like Janet Jackson , but this CD is ... just a waste of ... I do n't know . I listen to :1 . Sexhibition2 . I Want You3 . Spending Time With You4 . All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- 5 . Strawberry Bouncebut the other 15,16 songs are skippable . When I listen to this CD , I feel like she rushed through making it . When compared to `` All For You '' and her other CDs , this should not even have been released . She should have took more time on the music instead of releasing it right after the SuperBowl , so it could sell , but it is not .
 I should have known this album would be plagued with seriously quiet whispering and incessantly stupid lyrics ; but nothing on this planet could have prepared me for how lame this album is.On yet another album , Janet shamefully sneezes out lame tracks like ... uh ... every track on this album . Her voice is buried -LRB- as usual -RRB- beneath an assault of grungy guitars , similar sounding back-up singers , drums , and a lot of unidentifiable noise . Aside from `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- '' and `` Strawberry Bounce '' the rest of the album made my fingers itch to switch the player off.It 's embarrassing -LRB- for the artists , their `` posse '' , their companies , and whoever else dips in their celebrity pool -RRB- that artists can get away with such sub-par music , lyrics , and `` vocal stylings '' .
 Janet , this is little more than self-indulgent drivel . Where life meets art you claim ? Tasteless , vacuous and slicky-slicky indeed .
 I 'm in shock with this album . I 'm so happy I did n't shell out $ 13 bucks for this album -LRB- rapsody just paid for itself this month -RRB- . I tried to listen to this cd several times and could n't get into it . There were only 2 songs worth anything , including the first single . It 's way too mellow for way too long . The only real fast song is Just a Little While . Just buy that single , you 'll save some $ $ $ .
 Truth be told , this is the weakest Janet album ever ! You 've got to be expecting more from the woman who created such thematically-strong albums as CONTROL and RHYTHM NATION , and took rewarding creative risks on THE VELVET ROPE . ALL FOR YOU may have been a so-so album , but at least there were a small handful of standout tracks that were instantly catchy . Here , DAMITA JO is nothing but lyrical-Viagra put to music ... it does n't help that nearly all of the songs sound the same , especially her ballads . Producers Jimmy Jam , Terry Lewis , Kanye West , Babyface and Dallas Austin must work with the vocal limitations of Miss J , and all can not seem to muster up the perfect way to showcase her voice without it sounding monotonously empty . The 1-Star Review should speak volumes alone ... so I am NOT going to rip this cd to shreds , but will just comment that I am very disappointed and I really hope that Janet comes through with her next CD ... STANDOUT TRACKS :4 . Strawberry Bounce9 . Island Life11 . R&B Junkie -LRB- a throwback to old-school 80 's R&B ... I wish more of the cd was like this -RRB-
 Sorry Janet . You need to realize that using the same sexed up image for the past decade or so is n't going to work anymore . You 're not in your 20s . Follow Madonna 's example and be more mature and come out with a new sound and acceptable look -LRB- remember Madonna from 1990-98 ? She came back and strong with Ray of Light -RRB- . I always loved Janet , but it bothers me that time after time , she comes up with more garbage and does n't improve well . Thank goodness this flopped b/c this album is complete trash . Using dirty sexy lyrics makes her look more desparate sadly . I was fine with the janet album , but this needs to end . Janet has officially lost it and somewhere down the road lost her talent as well . Just think of her as the r & b version of Lil Kim . The sad thing is that her troll doll bf is ruining her too . He needs to stop destrying her legacy . Get Rhythm Nation , janet. , or Velvet Rope .
 This cd was utterly bad , and im not talkin about her brother 's song either . I could n't believe that a janet jackson album would sound so terrible . It 's not about her `` other side '' because everybody had an other side , but this album did n't do nothing for me . She did n't ... bring it . It was like she was trying to get across that she is Ms. Jackson -LRB- if you 're nasty -RRB- but she did n't need to do that because we already knew ! -LRB- anybody seen the Hawaii concert ?? -RRB- I think the most decent track on here was `` Thinkin ' About My Ex . '' Now that was a song that I could half way tolerate . I will say that the tracks on here were funky and cool , but the lyrics sucked big time . I 'm glad I did n't buy this album otherwise it woulda been a waste of money .
 Okay . Lets draw a line . Michael JAckson releases an incredibly great album in 2001 that was labeled a flop and horrible release . He had been working on the album for 5 years . It goes on to be certified 3 times platinum in the U.S and 9 times platinum worldwide . Great ! Truly one of the best albums of his career . -LRB- No , I 'm not comparing it top Thriller , because well , its literally better than Thriller . Invincible is ranked in second place behind Dangerous . -RRB- In 2004 Janet releases tracks that are extremely poor . People I 'm so mad right now and I 'm about to explode . How can Ebony say this is her best album . I ca n't hear it . Am I deaf ! Guys you make me wan na gag . I know its okay to be a big fan of Janet but your in denial when you say this is n't a bad album.Its worse than bad , its gagging , a barfer . Come on . Weak singles . All Nite , is there a point . I Want You , there is no point . Its about love . What happened to the Janet who sang about fixing the world 's problems . The one talking about important issues?Janet , drop the hip hop an dmake some good albums.Because right now Janet sucks !
 This cd has very limited quality , i mean no quality . It is just janet singing stupid songs . It has too many tracks where she talks about listening to the radio , or going to the beach . Its pure nonsense . When i bought it i listened to it in my walkman and instantly vomited into my Louis vuitton bag , thanks alot janet . . that is a total waste of eight hundred dollars . Dont buy this cd . If you are keep your reciept bacause you will want to return it . When people mention the name Janet jackson i think in my head `` high cheek bones + the same nose as her brothers so not make a good mix '' Ha ! Dont buy it . You will only disappoint yourself
 Truly awful . Do n't believe these fake music industry reviews . This album is boring and uninspired .
 Do n't get me wrong - I like Janet . I own her albums . I watch her videos . But after putting this CD in my stereo and skipping over many of the songs after about a minute , I 'm beginning to wonder what 's happened to the talented , intelligent , sassy Janet I used to know . There 's only so much heavy breathing and whispered words one can take ... but saying that , the middle of the album -LRB- Island Life , All Nite , R&B Junkie -RRB- is n't bad . At least it has some sort of melody and tune going on . The rest of the CD tends to blend in to each other ; there 's nothing here to tempt me into listening to this album again . I could imagine this coming from Beyonce , but Janet ? Give me Rhythm Nation 1814 any day .
 I have n't come close to enjoying a JJ album since Design of a Decade , and this one moves even further back . It seems JJ is more interested in undressing than delivering a decent set of songs . The continued use of the spoken passages combine with the other elements to give me the impression of a very self-absorbed personality . There 's very little of interest on this lackluster collection of whispers .
 I 've been a Janet fan for a long long time , so I was really left disappointed by her new CD . I guess part of my disappointment comes from the mediocre production and songs that I could n't get into . I 've tried numerous times to force-feed myself this CD to no avail . Janet 's previous releases have been arranged with a particular formula that has worked like a charm , up until now . There was n't a need for Janet to deviate from what worked . This CD is sugary sweet , not as well produced as her other releases , and seems rushed . You could always bank on the fact that if Janet released a CD , then the songs on it would be great . Not the case on Damita Jo . It 's time for Janet to go back to the lab with Jimmy and Terry and do this one over with better production and better writing .
 Jesus Christ what the HELL IS THIS -LRB- ... -RRB- ???!!!! This album is terrible beyond comprehension . I thought All For You was a big enough stench for what it is but `` Damita Jo '' just proves what a pathetic piece of filth that Janet has become.Even All For You , as a piece of crud as it was , sounds like a masterpiece compared to this trash . Every song and * bleep * interlude on this album is extremely insulting and sickening to listen to . These lyrics are the worst that I 've ever listened to and the whole album is just oozing with negativity , worse than a lot of waht Britney puts out.At least Britney 's stuff is bad because it 's immature but Janet 's descent into nymphomaniac immaturity is saddening because after so many years and a great legacy of classics like `` The Velvet Rope '' and `` Rhythm Nation 1814 '' , Janet has now become nothing more than a wretched washed-up has-been who should just stop making music and go back to the abyss where she came from.I am angry and appalled at Janet 's descent from a true sex symbol to everything that is the enemy of true sexual beauty and that is degrading , and immature lyrics that give women a bad name , dry production , and no substance.These five star reviews seem more like just promotional reviews by record companies trying to promote this album but nothing will ever persuade me to ever buy a Janet album ever again!Ms . Jackson , YOU GIVE WOMEN A BAD NAME ! > : - -LRB-
 First I want to say I love Janet , I can put her on in my car and go for long drives . With that said , I would barely make it around the corner with the cd . I dismissed Just a Little while and I want you as radio songs , but once I got the cd they were two of the scant few listenable songs . I love sexy songs , but I think that if she was more subtle they would be sexier . And like with All for You she has those strange spoken interludes , on one hand I 'm glad they are separate tracks that way I can skip through them , but on the other there are too many and they do n't add anything . Velvet Rope and All for You were pure GOLD , but Damita Jo is like cheap copper .
 Let 's be honest . Janet Jackson made her best albums while she was still on A&M ; Records . With the exception of 1993 's janet , the quality of her records on Virgin has been slowly decreasing . And I saw a number of reviewers state that this album , Damita Jo , has been getting bad press because of the Super Bowl incident . I personally think this album has been getting bad press because , well , it ai n't that hot . In fact , some people have been arguing over whether this is better or worse than All For You , and I ca n't really comment on that aspect because all I heard from All For You were the singles -LRB- and `` Would You Mind '' -RRB- ; all I can say it that this album was n't doin ' it for me.Maybe `` bad '' would n't be the best word to describe this album . Basically , this album is really uninteresting ; a shame considering it has 22 tracks on it . And all the 2 to 3-star reviews for this album are pretty accurate -LRB- although I do n't agree with the people that said The Velvet Rope was a classic album -RRB- . On the one hand , this album has way too many interludes , and in them Janet is pretty much talking about nothing . This is especially evident at the beginning of the album , where tracks 1 and 2 are both interludes -LSB- the same thing happened on Chapter II by Ashanti , who does n't look much different than Janet Jackson -LRB- ironic ? -RRB- -RSB- . But the full-length songs are n't that great either.The only song I really like on here is `` Truly '' . There are some tolerable songs like `` I Want You '' and `` Just a Little While '' , but everything else leaves a LOT to be desired . And this is painful , considering that a majority of these tracks were written by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis ! Since when do they write bad songs ??? Anyway , there are a lot of lazy contributions , like `` R&B ; Junkie '' , `` Spending Time With You '' and `` Strawberry Bounce '' -LRB- which contains a sample of Jay-Z saying `` bounce '' from `` Can I Get A. . . '' -RRB- . There 's also the bizarre `` Thinkin ' Bout My Ex '' ; and after all the acclaim he 's been getting lately , it 's rather disappointing to hear Kanye West giving an uninspiring performance on the already lame `` My Baby '' . As another reviewer said , it 's also difficult to hear what Janet is saying in some of these songs , as evidenced by `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- '' and `` SloLove '' . And when Janet decided to explore her sexual side in the past like on `` Any Time , Any Place '' , for example , it really turned you on . Here , it 's just annoying ; just listen to `` Moist '' and `` Warmth '' . In the end , this album is nothing special . I think Janet -LRB- as well as Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis -RRB- lowered their standards for some reason to put this album out . Maybe the executive producer realized that in the end , because there?s no such credit anywhere to be found on the album -LRB- Alan Smithee , anyone ? -RRB- . I don?t know what crowd Damita Jo is supposed to cater to , but it sure didn?t hit home with ME.Anthony Rupert
 Oh , how the mighty have fallen ! In a sad attempt to keep up with today 's younger , flashier stars , Janet Jackson - an artist who once set the bar but now seems destined to follow it - has released the trashy , one-note DAMITA JO , a weak rehash of her 2001 disc ALL FOR YOU -LRB- which was , in itself , an only slightly better version of 1997 's THE VELVET ROPE -RRB- . Once again whispering and giggling to us about her oh-so-hot sex life , the youngest member of the Jackson clan comes across as a vapid airhead who , as she approaches 40 , A -RRB- has nothing more to say and B -RRB- has no clue as to what 's going on in the world around her . Where is the politically charged energy that permeated RHYTHM NATION ? Where 's the growth and assertiveness that fueled CONTROL ? Nowhere to be found on DAMITA JO , that 's for sure . Even if we ignore the six spoken-word interludes sprinkled throughout the disc -LRB- an idea who 's time has come and gone ... give it a rest , Janet ... they 're boring ! -RRB- , we 're still left with sixteen sub-par tracks , none of which stand up 100 % on their own . First there 's the title track which , in all fairness , has a nice , slow , hypnotic groove going on , but after repeated listens one ca n't help but chuckle when Jackson refers to herself as a `` lady '' with `` a whole lotta class . '' Next is the frantic `` Sexhibition '' , with it 's manic , clipped vocal . By the time Jackson intones `` Relax ... it 's just sex '' at song 's end , the listener should know that lyrical content of a deeper kind is a thing of the past . The heavy breathing continues thru the bump-and-grind of `` Strawberry Bounce '' and the slow jam of `` My Baby '' , which features a chest-pounding rap by new flavor of the month , Kanye West . `` Spending Time With You '' has a gentle , soft flow to it , with a sensual lead vocal from Jackson . This is the closest thing to a classic love song , with the sexuality and sensuality only enhancing the song versus overpowering it . `` Island Life '' is a paler version of the same song , while `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- '' is a jumpy trip-hop workout that ca n't help but move the listener . `` R&B Junkie '' is probably DAMITA JO 's best track . With it 's classic 80 's funk/soul/hip-hop vibe and punchy vocal , the song allows the listener to have a good time without feeling like a voyuer . THIS is music ! THIS is a song ! THIS is what 's missing from Jackson 's career ! `` I Want You '' has a soaring , classic R&B groove going on , with an honest , unaffected vocal ... another great example of what 's missing from the majority of Jackson 's most recent work . Next up is `` Like You Do n't Love Me '' and `` Thinkin ' About My Ex '' , two songs extolling the joys of A -RRB- casual sex without love and B -RRB- infidelity , albeit the emotional and mental kind . Then there 's `` Warmth '' and `` Moist '' , without a doubt DAMITA JO 's low points . These two cheesy interludes about the joys of oral pleasure , both given and received , are just downright trashy , and go on WAY too long . `` Truly '' has a nice wistfulness to it -LRB- love the finger-snaps-as-percussion ! -RRB- , but by this time it 's charm is just kind of lost ... you want the album to be over . Things rebound a bit with the upbeat `` SloLove '' , but it 's too little too late . The same could be said about the rollicking `` Just A Little While '' ... with it 's guitar-driven arrangement , one ca n't help but wonder if we might have another `` Black Cat '' or `` What 'll I Do '' on our hands . Then the childish , pedantic lyrics kick in , and we know that ai n't gon na happen ! So ... is there any way Jackson can re-establish herself as someone who matters and save what seems to be a rapidly disintegrating career ? I think it 's possible . First , she needs to get out of her own head -LRB- and bed ! -RRB- and take a look at what 's going on with the rest of the world . Next , study the careers of some of the legends she 's sampled in the past -LRB- Joni Mitchell , Carly Simon -RRB- , as well as some of her contemporaries -LRB- Alicia Keys , Sheryl Crow , Aimee Mann , Missy Elliott -RRB- ... maybe by learning from them -LRB- and possibly working with them -RRB- , Jackson can broaden her horizons and regain some of the ground she 's lost . Finally , two last things ... as with all 2004 reviews , this CD gets docked half a star for not including the lyrics -LRB- though , in this case ... ! -RRB- . Also , as I said with ALL FOR YOU ... parents be forewarned - this album is not for kids , pre-teen or younger . That said , here 's hoping DAMITA JO is the last chapter in a tired trilogy , and that Janet Jackson will once again soon be gracing us with the true talent exhibited early on .
 This is by far , the worst Janet album of her career . We 're all tired of her heavy breathing , fake orgasms and meaningless lyrics as we struggle through the twenty-something number of tracks on this album.Especially because Janet takes a few years between albums , we expect more from her . All of the songs on the album are under four minutes in length giving one the impression that she rushed to get the album out.The only songs worth considering as possible hits are Thinking About My Ex , R&B ; Junkie -LRB- good song -RRB- and I Want You . The others are fluff and nowhere as good as the songs on her All For You album . Sorry Janet , this one 's a write-off . Better luck next time .
 Hehe , i was a Janet Fan from Control to Velvet Rope , AFY suckedand We have another question ... Who Just Released Another Terrible Album ? ... Janet Jackson !!! Congrats . You 've won Another Sh*tty Janet Album !! Nothing To Ever Get Excited About !!! Every Song Sucked !!! All You Hear on like 10 of the 22 tracks , Uhhhhhhhh Uhhhhhhh ... That 's Not Really what we want to hear !!! Avoid At All Costs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They Should regret not putting a Zero-Star Rating on this site !!!
 Every time Janet comes out with a new album , I 'm never disappointed - until now.This album is COMPLETE garbage . The music is plain , the lyrics are repetitive -LRB- all she talks about is sex -RRB- , and her vocals are drowned out by the music . Not only that , she worked with lousey outdated producers like Babyface and Dallas Austin , who have n't been hot since the early nineties . Kyane West , who is for some reason considered the `` hot '' producer at the moment , does n't do anything but bring Janet another lame song with a lame rap that does n't make sense with `` My Baby . '' The only good song on the album is `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- '' , which is filled with whirling synths and has a good beat . Other than that , the whole thing sucks . I always try to listen to each song all the way through , but this was so bad that on several songs , I found myself skimming and skipping through.Janet , please stick with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis next time . It 's obvious they are the only ones who can give you good songs .
 Some career advice for Ms. Jackson :1 . -RRB- Four consecutive albums of increasingly tawdry , sleazy and tacky sex-kitten songs are enough already . We know that you want it now , you 've had it many times before , and unfortunately we know every graphic biological detail . Knock it off , grow up , and get back to the lyrics of personal depth that made you what you are .2 . -RRB- Dump that Jermaine Dupri guy . He 's an idiot , and it seems to be rubbing off on you .3 . -RRB- Did you really need someone to tell you that exposing yourself at the largest TV sporting event in the world was a bad idea ? 4 . -RRB- Jimmy and Terry have served you well , and are good friends of you without a doubt . But they have failed you lately , and despite the producers ' faults , it 's your name and picture that go on the album covers . It 's time to move on to some daring , groundbreaking producers . Buy them a nice parting gift and say your goodbyes .5 . -RRB- Are you sure that your ex-husband might not have had just a little bit to do with your success in the past ? He did help you conceptualize Rhythm Nation . He even has writing/producing credits on Velvet Rope , your most critically acclaimed album-to-date . And he did photograph you and direct you in some beautiful videos . You need to find a similar mentor .6 . -RRB- It 's probably a really bad idea to take a grandstanding photo-op strut with your brother the alleged child molester , -LRB- and LaToya -RRB- into a courtroom where you 're all wearing matching white outfits . You can support your brother privately all you want , but standing anywhere near him -LRB- and LaToya -RRB- is career suicide . Remember when you kept a loving but comfortable distance from your family -LRB- especially LaToya -RRB- ? That 's when you used to sell 10 million albums at a time . Worst of all , LaToya looks like a hybrid of you and your brother . Not good .7 . -RRB- Put this whole Damita Jo fiasco behind you . Lose the slutty persona , and do some serious career re-evaluation . You did recently hire new management . That 's a good first step .8 . -RRB- You managed to make it 20 years through your music career successfully sidestepping that whole `` weird-Jackson-family '' label . Why start now ?
 Being a Janet Jackson fan for a very long time -LRB- since RHYTHM NATION 1814 -RRB- I am so disapointed with this latest effort . The album sounds rushed , like it was recorded very quickly , almost to appease what happened at the Superbowl . That aside though this album is very weak . With every album she seems to push the sexual limits even more , and it comes off as contrived and embarrasing . The only song that really grabbed me was `` All Nite '' but even that got old after a little while . `` I Want You '' is ok but she does n't have the vocal capability to sing like she is trying to . `` Like You Do n't Love Me '' is boring , so are `` Warmth '' and `` Moist '' . The best ballad is `` Spending Time With You '' . `` Sexhibition '' , `` Island Life '' and the title track are ok . `` Truly '' get my vote for worst song , is there even any structure to this song at all ? `` R&B Junkie '' is another song in the Janet collection which blatantly rips off another one by just lifting the track and writing new lyrics . How lazy and boring . Overall I wish I had passed on DAMITA JO .
 Really this album sucks FOR A JANET ABLUM . That being said its still better than most of the crap that is out there.Many of the songs are dirty without being fun and exciting . And you know something sucks when they cant even make sex fun and exciting.Seriously this ablum lacks the hip dance beat , quality slow grooves and creative songs we are used to seeing from janet . There is little here to recommdend to anyone.There are 3 good songs here : `` Strawberry Bounce '' , is a sexy but fun song , that tries out some new beats and has that `` Go Deep '' and `` All For You '' dance party feel to it . Just made for a dance floor . `` R and B Junkie '' , plays homage to old school classics ! If you loved the classics you will love this . `` All Nite '' is a passable song that only stands out so much because the rest of the album is so unexciting .
 I was so excited to get this CD . I must say that this is one of the biggest waste of money I have ever spent . It almost puts me to sleep ... almost all of the songs are mono tone and dull . There are no songs that stick out as being `` classic '' like the older stuff Janet is know for . This CD will most likely fall like a rock on the charts . The first single `` Just a Little While '' peaked at # 45 then quickly fell and the second single `` I want you '' Is doing much worse and is currently charting in the 60 's . I expected much more from one of my former favorite artists . Save your money and wait for the next one .
 This is the worst album that Janet has put out to date.In fact except for the song `` R&B Junkie '' that is the only song that can inspire me to pick up this CD . My feeling if this is the best that she can do -- then she needs to stop recording . My suggestion to anyone seeking to buy this album -- Do n't !!! . If you must listen to it , borrow from some one who did n't have any type of warning -LRB- like me -RRB- or download it . Do n't pay full retail price for this one . I love the old Janet -- but this is definitely `` garbage . '' ''
 This is horrible . What a mess . It 's so unoriginal . What 's with all the talking and rambling on before the songs ? This CD is about only one thing , SEX . It 's getting old . This is by far the worst music from Janet . I 'm not blown away at all . I 'm convinced that if not for the superbowl mess , there would be no mention of Janet or this CD at all it 's that bad . The music is bad , but her vocals are even worse . Janet was never a strong singer to begin with but she always had great music to back her up . Here she has neither decent vocals or good music .
 Dear Janet-I have been a fan of yours for years . Baby , I rocked with you to `` Nasty '' , I jammed in your `` Rhythm Nation '' , and `` If '' never gets old . But darling , what 's up with you lately ? Are you feeling ill ? `` Damita Jo '' just is n't good . Please do n't think me cruel , I am just worried that you 've gotten yourself stuck and are dying for some fresh and innovative inspiration ! Why are n't you singing anymore ? All this grunting and moaning is growing thin , and there are plenty of other offerings on the store shelves that seem to be more like music . While I agree , this album does contain some fun tracks ; `` All Nite -LRB- Do n't Stop -RRB- '' , `` R&B Junkie '' , and `` Just A Little While '' are all great tracks that make me still love you . However , like your previous offering you seem to like to talk about ... well you get the picture . That makes me wondering if you 've got a hang up about it . Most of the tracks all sound the same and cover a thin beat over your weakest vocals to date . In closing ... Janet I still love you very much . A love like ours does n't just dissappear . I am disheartened with `` Damita Jo '' and I hope in the future that you can return to the fabulousness from which you came .
 I love Janet Jackson and have bought all of her CD 's and video 's . I 've also gone to most of her concerts . So any Janet Jackson CD is an automatic purchase for me . At least it was until now . I noticed Janet 's song lyrics and production started slipping on the last album . But there was still a decent song or two . But this album was absolutely dreadful . I kept hitting the skip button hoping that the next track would be better , but I soon realized I was going to skip through the entire CD . The lyrics are just so lame and the music is not very good . I 'm sure Janet 's heart was in the right place , but she needs to go back to the drawing board . Maybe she should get a team of song writters that can actually right lyrics and then work with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis for the production . I heard bad reviews about this album , but I thought people were being overly critical and I wanted to hear the CD myself . But now I see they were right . I hope Janet gives us a better product next time .
 Okay . Lets draw a line . Michael JAckson releases an incredibly great album in 2001 that was labeled a flop and horrible release . He had been working on the album for 5 years . It goes on to be certified 3 times platinum in the U.S and 9 times platinum worldwide . Great ! Truly one of the best albums of his career . -LRB- No , I 'm not comparing it top Thriller , because well , its literally better than Thriller . Invincible is ranked in second place behind Dangerous . -RRB- In 2004 Janet releases tracks that are extremely poor . People I 'm so mad right now and I 'm about to explode . How can Ebony say this is her best album . I ca n't hear it . Am I deaf ! Guys you make me wan na gag . I know its okay to be a big fan of Janet but your in denial when you say this is n't a bad album.Its worse than bad , its gagging , a barfer . Come on . Weak singles . All Nite , is there a point . I Want You , there is no point . Its about love . What happened to the Janet who sang about fixing the world 's problems . The one talking about important issues?Janet , drop the hip hop an dmake some good albums.Because right now Janet sucks !
 In a time where many people have succumbed to the reality that is music downloading , I 'm suprised that Janet would come out with an album with no memorable singles at all . I mean seriously , I love Janet , but this cd . is obviously her worst , so that means it 's her only bad cd . That 's good for a true diva who 's been in the biz just as long as music 's elite Madonna , but it 's bad being as though Janet sports a new `` sexed-up '' ego that is hell - bent on competing with the likes of Britney , Christina Aguilera , and Beyonce -LRB- trust me , their the only ones worth mentioning ... I left out Jessica for a reason ! -RRB- and it does n't deliver at all with an album that makes `` All For You '' look like `` The Velvet Rope . `` There are about two songs worth listening to , so it 's hard to believe this cd . went platinum , when I know , as a downloader myself , that if an album has less than 7 strong singles than it 's a download-worthy album , but in this case the album is n't worth downloading , not even the two alright songs . This album is worth being nostalgic for another `` Janet '' album with hits like `` Love Will Never Do , '' `` Everytime , '' `` Again , '' etc. . It 's sad Janet , truly , and I 'm a fan of yours too . These pop princesces and R&B ; princesses looked up to you for a reason , but now it seems as though they 're doing it better than you , and when I say better I 'm talking about Beyonc ' e and Christina Aguilera their albums totally out shined this . Especially Beyonce with the hit `` Crazy In Love '' that will probably be one of this generations most memorable hits of all time.The only artist who I consider still on the top of their game is Madonna . Truly , she 's the ultimate survivor , because even her worst critics hate to admit that she still has pop music wrapped around her cone-bra . Madonna is obviously the queen of pop for a reason , she makes the best pop records , teeny boppers take heed , because you even have to admit that Madonna makes Britney and Christina 's albums sound like a Pink Floyd maxi-single , which is why I was kind of upset when Madonna did the VMA thingy with Britney and Christina , I mean c'mon was it really worth the attention Madonna to make them look like they are on par with you in the kingdom of pop royalty.I 'm sure fans of Madonna would agree that the VMA preformance made her look too desperate , and deemed Christina and Britney a piece of pop royalty when they 're not even close . I mean Madonna made her Erotica phaze look like a pro-peace era compared to the VMA stunt which was enntertaining , but made fans all question why?After all that said and done , I remember years ago when Janet came out with the Veltvet Rope , she was obviously unstopable with hit after hit , especially the first single that dominated the charts . Janets new album did n't serve her well in the single department and is also her least selling album , but then I guess that what happens when you reach the 20 year period , which is starting to become a doomsday for veterans in the diva kingdom . First it was Madonna , who also had the least selling album in her entire career , and that 's not saying a lot , when your last album before the latest one was your second best selling album of all time , but for Janet she 's going through it too , but a lot less than Madonna . Janet while still selling albums , the talent is gone for this effort . But it 's a shame because Madonna 's new cd . was average , but still listenable and that album was `` Dixie Chicked '' to the fullest . That happens when good albums go bad.Madonna you need to come out with another dance album , or Ray of Light # 2 , which will probably win her the album of the year grammy , in which she really deserved . And Janet get back to your roots . Anbody who thinks I 'm reviewing wrongly , go pick up Janets `` Design Of A Decade , '' or `` The Velvet Rope '' album , and tell me this cd . is worth praising . Exactly , I 'm sure you 'll agree with me.Madonna I love you , but it obvious that that french producer , Mirwais is drying your albums out now , like Britney 's vocal capabilities . Time for a change , non-political and better lyrics . -LRB- non-political because if you was at her Re-Invention concert in New York you would understand why . Some fans actually booed her for giving a shameless plug to the political film Farenheit 9/11 -RRB- Janet I love you too , but let Beyonce and the rest of the princesses look up to you for a reason , show them that you are a Jackson , and in my opinion , the best one . YES ! I MEAN BETTER THAN MICHEAL TOO ! She obviously out lasted him . Better luck next time boo .
 Okay first of all I was a fan , but like someone already said enough with the sex , because at the end of the day to stay in the game you are going to need some talent ! Everything that 's over exposed gets tired after a while , and this CD is so tired !!!!! Retire Janet YOU ARE FRESH OUT OF IDEAS !!!!!!!!
 After all these years , I still think Rhythem Nation and All For You are her best works . Contrary to what Janet said in numerous interviews , I think this disk lacks `` personality '' and sounds plain and boring . Besides , her vocal just became much weaker in this album , and I could only hear the beats and background vocals in most of the songs .
 What is wrong with this woman ? Is this the same woman that established a sense of identity and self-respect on `` Control '' ? Is this the same woman that incorporated love and equality into the musical foreground in order to elicit social awareness on `` Rhythm Nation 1814 '' ? Is this the woman who was taking command of her sexuality on `` janet . '' ? Is this the woman sublimating her rage and overcoming depression in order to reinforce a stronger sense of self-worth on `` The Velvet Rope '' ? or is this the woman setting her spirit free after a difficult divorce on `` All For You '' ? The problem with `` Damita Jo '' is that it lacks purpose , effort , and conviction . Though the blame for this travesty of an album rests primarily with Janet herself , her long-time producers , Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis are also largely at blame . For 18 years the seemingly unstoppable trinity of Jackson , Jam , and Lewis released 27 singles -LRB- 25 of them making it to the top 20 -RRB- , however , all three singles from this album failed to crack the top 40 . The album falls flat , and perhaps it was a mistake to involve Dallas Austin , Babyface , and Kanye West in some of the production , but Jam and Lewis appear thoroughly uninspired and indifferent this time around . Jackson obviously felt pressure to release a new album , writing songs merely for the purpose of fulfilling a contract obligation rather than building on her career momentum and taking her music in a new direction . So what we , the listeners , are left with is a boring , gratuitously over-sexual album by a woman losing her sex symbol status at an alarming rate . Another notable difference in this album in comparison to the others is that it involves no legitimate singing . Instead , Jackson coos and whispers through each song to the point that the lyrics are almost indecipherable and no force or emotion can be detected whatsoever . Janet 's apathy could n't have been made more explicit . This album is a failure by all accounts and it did not deserve to sell a fraction of the amount it did -LRB- which is not much -RRB- and merits no respect among her fans . Regardless of the infamous Super Bowl incident -LRB- which many people misattribute for this album 's lack of success -RRB- , Janet seemed to be asking for a backlash . Janet 's loyal followers deserve much more than this half-baked attempt at music .
 I used to love Janet . But now all she sings about is sex and it 's boring and gross to keep talking about it . She needs to retire now . And please stop doing stunts . It makes everyone hate you .
 I think this is the worse Janet album ever . Low songs , lyrically uninspired , nothing new but the boring melodies and poor songs . Could be compared to the first Britney album because of the lack of quality and artistical relevance .
 Sorry , but right now I can understand why she was so desperately trying to claim attention with that ridiculous Superbowl performance . She knew that she 's not inspired at all at these times -LRB- actually since AFY -RRB- and there are no excuses for her since she peaked with Velvet Rope and did n't need to leave the right way of doing music . She assumed in an interview that she sees Britney and Cristina as younger competition and this CD is a sad try to do teenage pop . The songs are simply BORING , she whispers all the time , the lyrics are VERY BAD , the rhythms are VERY BAD , the album is a waste of money , but I understand that everybody was expecting something better from her . This is sh_tty .
 No wonder she pulled that Super Bowl stunt -LRB- accident my behind ! -RRB- , this album will officially plunge her over into HAS-BEEN status . The first 2 singles released ca n't seem to get past # 45 on the charts ... not a good sign . Is that even her on the cover or did they superimpose her head on Kelly Rowland 's body ? I 'm guessing that since this album will bomb , she will tour . Who wants to hedge bets that it will be the exact same show she has been doing since 1993 ? To be as successful as she is , she is not very original . Though with this album I do give her credit for not ripping off older , more established artists such as Joni Mitchell , Carly Simon , Diana Ross , etc. . In all honesty , her key to success has been to `` sample '' -LRB- or hog as I like to put it -RRB- the tune of an older popular song and lay down new lyrics on it . The only decent song on this album is All Nite ... a far cry from the brilliance that was the Velvet Rope album.Janet , the Queen of Pop ??? Puhleez ! Mariah Carey and Madonna blow her out of the water in terms of record sales and # 1 hits .
 Is it just me , or is Janet Jackson trying to rip off Sade 's `` Love Deluxe '' album cover ? The black & white shades , body position , hair , etc ... If you ask me , Sade got it right the first time . Really , Janet . Maybe you should stick to pasties or military gear circa 1814 . As for the album , only `` SloLove '' sounds current and may lead to some great remixes . I also wish she would choose different procducers . . . I am sick of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis tunes . They have produced every album since Control ... YAWN !
 VULGARNOT CREATIVE AT ALLDISGUSTING POOR LYRICSBORRINGWHISPERED ALL THE TIMEWEAKEST VOICE
 This album is probably one of Janet 's worst by far . Do yourself a favor and listen to it first before you go and spend money on it .
 I think this is the worst album.One thing is the front cover that she has no shirt on and she is covering her chest.One day my mom got this CD and we heard it and she never told me to get out because it was explicit.And why the hell is the CD explicit?Not one of her albums are explicit but this one.The only track that pulled it off was R&B Junkie.So please do not buy this pure crap .
 Okay James , I can see you think I 'm ignorant ... hm . And with my attitude I 'm going to bring down this country . Or this once great country.Its people like you whom support such horrible albums made these days that are bringing down the country . If you like the direction music is going these days , then well , you have a problem and I 'd advise you to shoot yourself.If this is what Janet is going to be like in the next 5 years , if she can even make it that long ... hahahahahaha ... then we should shoot her as well . Its a shame how you say that we shouldf feel sorry for people who make albums and put effort into making albums.I feel more sorry for those people out there who waste $ 15.00 on a piece of crap . FYI ... get a life , and get a mind .
 It is a trip reading so many dishonest reviews here . 5 stars for this career malfunction ? Well the reason for these `` great reviews '' is that Jackson 's record company is paying or ordering their PR staff members to flood this site with glittering reviews in order to con you into buy this musical malfunction trash . Well , do n't believe the hype and do n't buy the disc . In fact , when you read too many glittering reviews for any CD here on this Web site , you should always take it with a great big sack of salt . Listen for yourself and then decide ! And save your money !!!!!
 This album is terrible ! It is as if EVERY song on it is about sex , sex , sex . All For You was not all that great either , but at least AFY 's songs were n't all about sex . I 'd honestly rather listen to her first two albums , Janet Jackson -LRB- 1982 -RRB- and Dream Street -LRB- 1984 -RRB- than this absurd trash . They are both better and even though they are n't well known , they are a hundred times better than this album . Her voice sounds terrible and boring on this album . Listen to I Want You , a slow and boring song . The other songs are really nothing to write home about either . The inturludes are terrible , for example one about her saying , `` I love this place because I relax here '' or something like it . And this album being cursed with the Superbowl incident does n't help matters . In fact , it brings this album down three notches . It should have been called , `` Dammit '' without the Jo .
 I was terribly disappointed with the Damita Jo album . There is nothing new on this album . All of these songs sound like extended versions of her previous work . Gone are the days of Janet being an innovator in the music industry with albums like Control and Rhythm Nation . Now all her songs sound like one long sex party . I miss the Janet that used to impower women with songs that inspired us to do more than lay on our backs !!
 Lyrics like `` I feel you get erect , there 's no place warmer than my mouth '' say why this album stinks . Degradating , decadent . Janet is over .
 Could n't debut at # 1Sold barely more than half of All For YouShe had to perform a 15 year old song at the Super BowlCould n't bother to sing on LettermanStick a fork in this turkey , she is done .
 This new album from Janet Jackson is just unbelievably terrible ! The lyrics are lowlife inspired and totally vapid to a nauseating degree . Every song and interlude is awful.Nothing good on here . All For You was a big fat dissapointment but it sounds like a masterpiece compared to the cruel joke that is `` Damita Jo '' ! I ca n't believe taht she has sunk this low . Avoid this CD . It 's unbelievably vapid and stupid !
 why do you people listen to this ? why ? it is not good for the soul . it makes you do things you shouldnt . she is as bad as brittany , christina , kayne west , avril lavrigne , and pink . here r some people to listen to
 WELL LET 'S JUST SAY THAT THE SUPERBOWL , JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE , HER RELATIONSHIP WITH THE RAT FROM TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES DID NOT HELP SELL HER ALBUM . IT 'S A BOMB ! SHE NEEDS TO RETIRE AND JUST GET MARRIED , HAVE KIDS , AND KEEP THEM AWAY FROM HER MOLESTER OF A BROTHER MICHEAL .
 THIS IS THE WORST CD JANET HAS EVER MADE . MOSTLY ALL THE SONGS ARE SLOW AND JANET DOES N'T HAVE THE VOICE FOR SLOW SONGS . PLEASE JANET ... LEAVE THE SLOW SONGS TO WHITNEY SOMEONE WHO HAS THE VOCAL RANGE AND DO WHAT YOU DO BEST AND THAT IS DANCE MUSIC . I ONLY REALLY LIKED ONE OF THE SONGS ON THE WHOLE CD AND THAT IS R AND B JUNKIE WHICH IS A NICE DANCE SONG WITH OLD SCHOOL R AND B FLAVOR . THE REST ARE NOT THE WORTH THE MONEY . THE SONGS
 I was so excited about the new Janet album coming out . I have every single one of her albums and am a huge fan of hers . Though , when I put in this CD , I felt like it was nap time . Every song is hard to tell about from the next one . She only has a few upbeat song -LRB- which all sound the same -RRB- and the rest are slow boring songs . Her voice never changes once in this album , she keeps the same boring melotonic voice where it sounds like a quite whisper . I only paid $ 9.99 for the CD , but feel like it 's to much . Sorry Janet to rip on you CD cuz I do love you , but it just seems you made an album for the sake of an album . Now if you like a slow CD where the beats sound very similar in all songs , then this album is for you , but if you are looking for that Janet style album that is unique in both beats and her voice , then I would not buy it . I feel like this album was made by a novice . The album starts off w / the same beat and ends in it . I wish I could get my money back . I guess not only did she rip off her gown at the super bowl , but she also ripped off her originality . I am not sure if I am repeating myself , but I am listening to the album as i write this and I am falling asleep !!!
 Most of the reveiews of this CD -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- read like a music executive wrote them , trying to hype they 're product.This CD is a real snooze ... Boring really does n't quite describe it ! Save your $ $ $ $ ... this is pure garbage!Just because your an aging `` Diva '' does n't mean you have to start making music for the retirement-home set!What happened to the Janet we all know & love ???
 On the title track of this CD , Janet promises that she is going to dig deep and reveal the side of herself that the public does n't see . Apparently , that side is as shallow and vapid as this CD . The production is great , and the songs are catchy , but the lyrics are mind-numbingly vacuous , and Janet 's interludes . Janet does n't understand that love does n't originate between the legs.There is a line between erotic and trashy , and Janet crosses it over and over . I 've been a Janet fan since `` Control '' , and this album makes me yearn for the old days . Janet , put your clothes back on and bring back that sweet , smart , sexy woman that we all love .
 this album is honestly one of her weakest ones , right down there with all for you . I can only tolerate about half the songs , but she 's done so much better before and they do n't live up to the real janet we all fell in love with . I also agree with many reviewers she 's sold out trying to be like britney and christina , she 's worse than them now actually taking fans places they do n't want to go , being a fly on the wall in her bedroom at night basically . I hope janet can get her head straight and get back to making real music . People who like this CD are probably teeny boppers not old enough to remember the real janet jackson who gave us amazing music videos and albums with class , cause this longtime jackson fan is disappointed with janet , she has n't done anything lately with her lousy new music and image . Go listen to michael jackson instead , his music is better anyways
 I really wanted to love this album , but at the end of the day I just ca n't . After ALL FOR YOU I was really hoping for a good cd . Yes there are some infectuous jams on here like the title track , `` Sexhibition '' , `` All Nite '' , `` Strawberry Bounce '' , `` Island Life '' , and `` Slolove '' , but the rest of the album falls in many areas . `` Warmth '' and `` Moist '' sound exactly the same , and if you did n't know she was a sexual being before this album , she really beats you over the head with it on this one . `` Truly '' is a truly forgettable song , it has no melody or song structure whatsoever . `` I Want You '' is ok but she should leave emoting to the pros . Same goes for `` Like You Do n't Love Me '' . `` Just A Little While '' was a terrible choice for promo single , first single , whatever it is . It 's not a bad song but there 's much stronger material on this album . Plus it 's basically like `` Someone To Call My Lover '' part two . I did n't like `` R&B Junkie '' for it 's direct sample of another song . Overall , the album lacks cohesiveness . -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 Here we go again . More songs about sexuality . Even more dirty talk . More breathy `` singing '' and spoken interludes . This could be the Janet album , Velvet Rope or All For you , but it 's the latest Janet Jackson album . Yea right ! She 's making the same album over and over again.There are a few tunes that get your head boucing , but none of it as honest and compelling as her best work . Only for the truly hard-core JJ fans out there .
 Janet has always tried to emulate the career of Madonna , who is far more talented . When Madonna kissed Britney and Christina at the 2003 MTV Awards , Janet tried to top this by simulating herself getting raped at the Superbowl . Are Madonna and Janet desperate ? YES ! The difference is that at least Madonna pulled her stunt on MTV , where parents had the choice to not have their children watch . The Superbowl is a family oriented event . Janet hijacked this with her no talent antics and it was very shameful . The album , which features her having verbal orgasms , is just as pathetic .
 I grew up on Janet Jackson ... I have all of her albums , have seen her in concert , and loved her ... until now . This is horrid . `` All For You '' was bad and uninspired , but this junk makes `` All For You '' seem as good as `` Control '' or `` Rhythm Nation . '' Janet obviously has serious hang ups and is obsessed with sex . None of the songs on this album have memorable choruses , and they are easily forgotten once it 's over . For an industry vet , like Ms. Janet , and around the age of 40 , one would expect much more . I 'd even be disappointed if Britney Spears released this album . And the obsession with sex is so ... tired ... and embarrassing . We 've heard this all before , on `` janet , '' `` the velvet rope , '' `` all for you '' and now this mindless , -LRB- ... -RRB- set . Janet has proven that she has no class , is as wacko as her brother , and really , when people are this rich , an education -LRB- as in college or grad school -RRB- would do them well . If one wonders why people around the world hate Americans , look no further than this junk . This is the mindless junk that we feed to nations and peoples around the world ... Grow up Janet , stop being so self-absorbed and puh-leeez retire .
 Crime Mob came out trying to bite off of a style that is slowly but surely going out of style . All of their beats sound like they came from the same template and show no real variation in the sounds used . The lyrics are the worst part of the CD . Lil Jon can write a better song that any of these rappers could combined . Even after a second listen to the album I still wanted to rip my ears off . Luckly i had a copy of Crunk Juice next to me to make me feel a little better . So the final word is that this album SUCKED AZZ .
 Crime mob ? Give me a break . What kind of crime are you committing in your stilletos ? This is ridiculous , IQ lowering , inbred , country , porch monkey , southern crunk krap ! Why would you listen to something that you know is going to make you dumber and in the same breath set black people back 100 years . It is insulting for people of the world to see your videos and think all black people are like you . The beats on this album are corny , the lyrics sound like my seven year old wrote them , and the hooks give me the craps . Please stop rapping and pursue a promising career at target .
 this CD is an example of rap music -LRB- terrible -RRB- every song on here makes me wan na throw up , the beats gave me a headache , the lyrics are a laughing shame , the beats made me just wan na get up and walk out of the room . AND COMMON !!! Crime Mob ?!?!?? thats another thing ... what kinda name is `` crime mob '' What kinda crimes you commitin ' here buddy ?? you talk the talk , you walk the walk , you rap about your rims , but you cant do S ***
 I can tell these guys are n't coming back . The whole Im a thug thing has gotten way out of hand . Hope they had fun because it 's over for Crime Mob .
 Most of the time only review good hardcore gangsta sh*t . Thats where the name muziktodriveby comes from . If they ai n't gangsta they at least sound good in the ride . So I felt dumb one day and listened to crime mob . There name is crime mob they got to be gangsta . They ai n't . They try hard to be gangsta but fail miserably . They sound like D4L , Dem Franchize Boyz , and any other snap music slash crunk SH*T . The south is becoming a joke , hip hop as a whole is a joke . Come on fiddy singing window shopper dat ni@@a is singing.You got juelz santana sampling Mr. Postman from the fifties . Dats not gangsta . At least in the 90 's ni@@as was more convincing with that sh*t . Last but not least is D4L with Laffy F*ck in Taffy . What is that a metaphore for , my girl loves that song I should smack her for that . Anyway I went on a rant . If you like the groups I mentioned than you will uhh , apreciate this . If you hate this listen to something else . In fact I 'll recomend something as a service to the hip hop community . Listen to Above The Laws time will reveal its gangsta and chill . Peace
 These kids can not be serious . First of all theyre repping Ellenwood , Ive been over in the Ellenwood area a couple of times and I must say its one of the most beutiful suburbs in Atlanta youle probably ever see , Its real quiet , and you might even mistake it for a white neighborhood , so all that gansta sh*t goes straight out of the window . Im not from where you you call the burbs so when I went over there it was the first time ive seen mansions , and it blew my mind . These kids are some rich perpetraitors . I guess they thought they could full out of towners , and try to make it seem like theyre on some real street sh*t , but now you know . They are on some real Cb4 , Malibues most wanted type sh*t . So next time they come to your town you have my permission to slap the sh*t out of these lames , please do it for me . getting into the album the production was garbage , lyrics wack as expected . Its sounds like they stole some old Memphis style of rap like Tommy Wrights and butchered it . They are a disgrace to the southern rap scene . Im sure this is there first and last album .
 Dance to it
 Here is anotha young crunk group that just came out similar to dem franchize boyz . If i had to pick , franchize boyz has a better cd . This cd is garbage , there aint even one song u can just bobb yo head too . its just like throw this S ** T out the window . I got it from a friend so i couldnt do that , i just gave it back . but i wonder why he gave it to me in the first place ... ? This is garbage ... GO BUY THAT TUPAC CD PEACE !!!!!
 These people are all young I believe they are 16-19 . I dont believe the women were that good.It is deffinantly loud.The lyrics are not much and the beats are above average . `` knuck if you Buck '' - `` if you got Ana '' . This sounds a little like 3-6 Mafia but the Mafia is better . `` Ellenwood Area '' - now this one has a banging dark beat . `` Put yo hands up '' has a dark beat.As you go on and on it is obvious there trying to be 3-6 . Lyrics-4 / 10 Production-8 / 10 X Factor-6 / 10 Classic-5 / 10 Replay-4Total = 5.5 out of 10 Fingers
 crime mob may be the worst sound i 've ever heard . Their awful ridiculus lyrics left me puzzled and wanting to hurt them , and myself . I truly beleive that they are just kidding and are not really this bad . This is the worst music i have heard . Do not buy this CD and if you already have , I pity you and hope that you throw it away immediately . Knuck if you buck could be possibly one of the worst concepts for a song ever . The lyrics constantly repeat the phrase knuck if you buck and say the word hoe about 93 times . If you are looking to kill yourself listen to this song .
 heard these topics before yeah they thugging , sell dope , whatever at least the gangster rap in the 90 's used to be serious do n't expect crime mob to be around long the girls ca n't even rap princess and diamond are stripper names they must be thinking about that as their future careers and the dudes are heading for prison .
 This Cd is Garbage but some of the tracks are greatThe best track is Knuck If You Buck . The beat of that track is excellent.Overall I gave it a 2 + + I like the Atlanta Football team but not this group
 I have and own this product and there are only two tracks that I even like off of this cd . You have people who are using a Vocoder for there talkbox effect . Roger Troutman never used a Vocoder effec when he recorded . The songs are ok but , you have to ask yourself , `` Did these people really listen to Roger Troutman ? '' Why would WolfPac put an unreleased track that features Roger Troutman on a tribute album that is for him ? Makes no sense at all . If he is sampled , that is different but , to put him as an artist with an unreleased track is kind of stupid . Of course , this is in my own personal opinion . WolfPac , no more please ! You guys kind of damaged yourselves with this album in so many ways that I hardly play my copy . I 'm sorry Roger that they used vocoders instead of the real sound you used through out your career .
 I really do n't like having bought or listened to this remixes CD . This CD is for people who 've got really hardcore taste in dance remixes , or just like to have music on in the background.I 'm an avid fan of Mylene Farmer , and have just about every recording of Mylene 's previous work . And all her previous releases have outdone one another.Ok , we ca n't blame Mylene for doing a remixes compilation at this point in her career . But it would have been nice if the remixes were better.I 'm really disappointed in the quality of the remixing itself.The original body of each song , as well as the vocal arrangements , have been snatched , leaving pretty much `` more instrumental parts '' than vocal.And are n't Mylene 's songs popular because of her voice?Out of all 11 tracks , I 'm only pleased with track 11 `` D&eacute;senchant&eacute;e - Thunderpuss Club Anthem '' . Why I 'm pleased with this one , is because Chris Cox , remixer of this track , managed to keep the original body & most of the vocals from the original album version , found on the Mylene Farmer CD release `` Ainsi soit Je '' . The other songs do n't have much feeling , and I feel that this compilation has been put together with the notion that `` Christmas is here '' and it 's time to make something for the fans ... almost like a burden , on Mylene 's part.Mylene has n't put out anything new now , for a few years -LRB- album-wise -RRB- , and it is indeed time , for something new.I 'm afraid that Mylene 's next album might not meet everyone 's expectations , compared to her previous material.This is the tracklist : Sans Contrefacon - J.C.A remixL ` Instant X - The X Key mix by One-TL ` Ame-Stram-Gram - Full intention Sultra mixC ` est une belle journee - Devil Head remixXXL - JXL remixJe T'Aime Melancolie - Felix Da Housecat remixPourvu qu'elles soient douces - Paul Okenfold remixCalifornia - Romain Tranchart & Rawman remixLibertine - Y-Front remixOptimistique-moi - Junior Jack Psycho Vocal mixDesenchantee - Thunderpuss club mixThe artwork -LRB- packaging -RRB- is lovely , and the CD comes in a vibrantly colored glossy digipack . The CD itself is pretty too , with a bright Fuschia color and silver text.Mylene 's sister , Brigitte Gautier designed the artwork for the entire packaging.Maybe this compilation will grow in me , in the distant future , but as of now , I 'm really disappointed at the remixes.There could have been a lot more done to these songs . I really ca n't hear them being played in the bars & clubs.Hope my review was helpful to you !
 I originally have great hopes for this recording . Unfortunately , it turns out to be quite a disappointment.Much as I admire Domingo , I must say that he is not very idiomatic for the part of Siegfried , even if he sings with considerable musicianship . The style just is n't right , and there 're some audible strain at the top notes.Voigt just has n't got the stentorian tone for Brunnhilde and Isolde . Yes , she sings quite beautifully , but her top notes , while accurately placed , lack force and power . She does n't convince the listener that she can be an imperious Valkyrie or an ardent lrish lover.The orchestral accompaniment is good , but not exceptionally so.I would award this recording 2 stars .
 Though I admire Domingo , I must say that this release is , to me , a big disappointment . Domingo 's voice is quite unsuited to Wagnerian music drama , and his effortful , not to say unidiomatic , delivery of both the vocal lines and the text is really not very appealing.I have even more reservations with Voigt , whose wiry tone and generalised singing fail to do any justice to the music of Brunnhilde and Isolde.All in all , a forgettable release .
 I can only say that both Placido Domingo and Deborah Voigt are unsuited to the roles of Tristan and Isolde , Siegfried and Brunnhilde , and such unsuitability shows in this recording . No doubt both a fine musicians , but they really are vocally and stylistically out of their depths here .
 This is a disappointing release . Domingo is very unidiomatic in Wagner and Voigt is simply over-stretched for her parts . Listening to such strenuous singing is n't enjoyable at all .
 I am pretty sure Domingo 's fans are over-excited with these reviews.Really , Domingo 's voice is not suited for wagnerian drama , is an uneven , cold and boring voice . Indeed , these love duets are far from the `` passionate '' characters called Tristan and Siegfried .
 Both T.Singh and B. Attar are too timid on this cd . They tiptoe along trying not to `` step on '' the ethnic vitality of the Jajouka Musicians . While there are moments of brillance the cd feels unfinished at best , psychotic at worst . Neither the cuts or cd -LRB- as a whole -RRB- have any kind of flow . Either take the traditional music to a modern level or just leave it all traditional ! They should take a hint from the fellow who remixed the wonderful bonus track ... `` the magic of peace '' ...
 Most of the songs sound the same.After listening to the album a few times i liked one or two of the songs , but all in all , nothing inspiring .
 Dont buy this for the DVD , it is a horrible bootleg that is unwatchable.I cant believe this is the best footage they had.Buy the live in Stockholm DVD , dont waste your money on this ...
 This is the band 's third release and just about as lame as CANNIBAL CORPSE and DEICIDE , worse in some categories . Typical gutteral , one-dimensional , dull , over-the-top , Death Metal played with no sense of imagination or creativity whatsoever . I 've heard worse but this ai n't far off .
 I ordered this album for overnight delivery , with no indication that it may not be available for immediate shipment . It is now four days later and I still have n't received it .
 And death metal gets stupider . Thanks to bands like broken hope.This is the worst album since that one lame poison album .
 I was really sorry to listen to this album . Joe Patteck is completely unintellegible , remembered me 80s metal bands that did n't really sing , but made some guttural noise on the mic.Better listen to the albums that follow this one , skip this one . It is simply gore to the maximum and no real talent in the music .
 And death metal gets stupider . Thanks to bands like broken hope.This is the worst album since that one lame poison album .
 I was really sorry to listen to this album . Joe Patteck is completely unintellegible , remembered me 80s metal bands that did n't really sing , but made some guttural noise on the mic.Better listen to the albums that follow this one , skip this one . It is simply gore to the maximum and no real talent in the music .
 This is the worst quality live recording I 've ever heard . The great packaging of this cd lured me in to buying it . When I put this in the player it was virtually unlistenable . I 've heard some very bad live bootlegs that sounded better than this one . It 's a shame great songs like `` Sweet Angeline '' and `` Darkness Darkness '' had to go to waste . Pass on this and get their BBC live album . My copy of this one 's going back to the used cd bins .
 I 'm been a Mott the Hoople fan since 1970 and have lived with the various `` ups and downs '' relating to this band and their history . Unfortunately , this CD is one of the `` downs '' , but not specifically because of the group 's performance , and certainly not because of the packaging of the CD . The big problem here is the basic content of the CD
 Does anyone out there remember those first generation , hand held cassette recorders ? You know , `` hiss '' & `` distortion '' to the maximum ? Well apply that prehistoric technology here . The great packaging is about all this release has going for it . The music itself is virtually unlistenable and there is no need to elaborate any further . Even the most dedicated Mott The Hoople fan will eject this cd immediately & reach for `` Mott '' , `` Brain Capers '' or `` All The Young Dudes '' to play . If your looking to be a new fan of Mott The Hoople , run from this release and enter any of the previously mentioned albums in the search box ASAP . No redeeming qualities here except saving your hard earned cash.I wish I could have followed my own advice .
 Wow - bought this for under five dollars and still feel had . After one listen , it was easy to guess as to why it was in a used CD rack for so cheap . The quality of this CD is equivalent to an old Western Auto cassette recorder held in the air from a few rows off the stage , and gets worse the longer the show continues . -LRB- Likely due to increasing loudness of the mix . -RRB- Indiscernible performances , distorted and warblely from old worn tapes . Rumor is that this was a cassette Ariel Bender found in his closet . If this story is true , it explains the hideous quality.Avoid at all costs . Get the CBSLiveMott . You 'll be much happier .
 if you enjoyed their first album , this one matches up to it pretty well . the graphics on the disc are cool too .
 Este es el disco en donde se canta del Papa Juan Pablo II y el Che Guevara , dos ideologias totalmente opuestas . No hay nada nuevo , no hubo ningun sencillo que valiera la pena . La verdad , este album no tiene nada unico . Estoy seguro que el 90 % de los fans de El Tri no pueden nombrar ninguna cancion que haya aparecido en este album . Lo siento pero escuchenlo y me entenderan .
 I loved Cock Rock . None of my friends would agree until I forced them to give it a chance . They all fell in line and gave up the mainstream crap to go buy Cock Rock . Unfortunately , I ca n't even find the desire to put Venus Envy in the CD player . I think they rushed this one . Sorry boys . Maybe Sofa King Cool will make it big .
 Is it just me , or is the fourth track -LRB- Schmooziphisus the Great -RRB- a cheap ripoff of Pennywise 's Date With Destiny -LRB- off the Full Circle album -RRB- ? Very original .
 What 's up with this , is there another Diesel Boy ? I was expecting to hear some kick ass drum and bass tracks from Diesel Boy , but instead I get this punk rock crap ? Or maybe he used to be in a punk band ????
 Im sorry , I was looking for the world 's best DnB DJ . What is this ?!??
 The Album was FAIR !!! The two songs `` White Rabbit `` and Do n't you want somebody to love . Was the bomb , took me back . The other songs ok . But I will wear out those two tracks ...
 This cd is terrible . It is a poor recording to the point where it sounds like a home taping job of someone playing an out-of-tune piano . It is certainly not what I 'd expect from any quality cd and poor old Scott Joplin would be embarrassed to hear it !
 I usually can not get enough of Lizzy Borden 's albums from Love You to Pieces through Master of Disguise . I also have played their last studio album Deal with the Deal quite a lot although it does not have the same magic as their earlier material . This double EP , however , I found to be a disappointment . There are a few gems , but are mostly made up of ringers and unmemorable tracks . It is my least favorite of Lizzy 's studio releases.It begins with the 1987 EP Terror Rising , which was released before Visual Lies which is , ironically , my favorite Lizzy album . The first track gave me high hopes . I love `` White Rabbits '' which was originally recorded by Jefferson Airplane . A fast , furious , and creative rocker with Alice in Wonderland lyrics `` When logic and proportion have fallen soggy dead and the white knight is talking backwards and the red queen is off with her head . '' I 've never heard the original version , but this one kicks ! Unfortunately , it is all down hill from there . The punk `` Do n't Touch Me There '' -LRB- originally done by the Tubes , I think -RRB- which includes guest vocalist Betsy from Bitch , is just silly . It is not Lizzy . `` Catch Your Breath '' is OK . It starts out as a slower , ballad track and then rocks out . It is not that memorable , though . `` Terror Rising '' is mostly distorted spoken word with Lizzy telling the evil creation in his mind that he must go . Of course , the evil one disagrees . It does n't really go anywhere and fades out.The bonus EP is Give ` Em the Axe which was Lizzy 's debut recording in 1984 . Again , the best track is the first . The title track flat out kicks ! Quintessential Lizzy brand of ferocious power metal with wicked lyrics . Excellent rocker ! `` Kiss of Death '' is highlighted by Iron Maiden-esque guitar riffs . Other than that , it is not very memorable . `` No Time to Lose '' is a straight-forward rocker . The chorus is a little wishy washy for Lizzy . It is not memorable . It ends , though , on a solid note with an excellent rendition of Rainbow 's classic `` Long Live Rock ` N Roll . '' There is a hidden track after `` Long Live '' that is a short punk/thrash track that does n't go anywhere which makes me wonder why they bothered including it at all.Terror Rising/Give ` Em the Axe only offers three stand-out tracks which is not what I expect from a Lizzy Borden album . Mostly , it is a disappointment , especially considering how stellar their other albums are . The CD booklet is only two pages with lyrics in tiny print that include so many typos it is embarrassing -LRB- did anyone proof read it ? I hope not because that would be pretty sad -RRB- . No photos save for the one on the cover . Very unimpressive packaging .
 When I read about this CD in a massage therapy supply catalog I was anxious to order it for my office . I have two others by him , The Dreamer and The Yearning that are truly exquisite.The jacket description reads `` Exquisitely beautiful flutes that continuously ebb and flow , blending harmoniously with the natural music of falling water and calling birds ; evoking dreamy images of shafted sunlight on sparkling waters . `` I would describe this music as eerie and morbid . It imitates Native American music but has the soul of reservoir dogs that I expected to dash out at me from behind sagebrush with an eye on my heels or , worse yet , more tender flesh . The sunlight scorches and the birds sound desperate to find water . Of course , if that 's the kind of thing you like music to evoke for you , then , by all means , get this CD .
 Only reason I 'm giving this various artists ten track disc a two-star rating is because of the price . I mean sure , there are cool ' 80 's metal classics here from the likes of UFO , Motorhead , Overkill , Saxon and W.A.S.P. But , UNLESS you 're either totally ` new ' to ' 80 's metal , a poser or one of those lame-o music fans that CA N'T even name two actual song titles by one -LRB- or more -RRB- of your ` favorite ' bands , then I suggest you purchase the proper CD reissue these tunes came off of . One type I can not stand are music fans that are TOTAL music illiterate . Augh !
 At first , you think you are listening to a mix tape for a cheerleading dance routine . Then , you think you 've been attacked by Vanilla Ice 's little sister . Then , you start looking for your receipt from this purchase so you can go get your money back . In our case , we received it for free ... So , we 're going to make a frisbee or coaster out of it . If you wear a hearing aid , I would suggest removing it before listening to this cd .
 The first verse of the song MOUNTAINS by Lonestar talks about all the horrible things this woman has to go through , including being a waitress to people of `` every color and creed '' ... sarcasm approaching ... Wow , what an ordeal she had to endure
 It would seem to me that anyone who 's heard `` 3 Second Ride '' by Cindy Black would put two and two together . Whoever wrote this song probably heard hers first . I think it 's sad they ca n't come up with an orginal idea .
 Look , as much as it pains me to do this , I must admit that Doomsday is n't very good . I 'm a huge fan of later Flotsam , and I was shocked at how pointless this album is . To be fair , you can see that F&J have potential . The guitar is quite good , if a little too aimless in places . The weaknesses include the Bass , or lack thereof . I mean you ca n't really even hear it most of the time . Also , Eric A.K. 's voice at this point can only be described as millions of tiny rodents nibbling on my skull . Believe me , I love good thrash , and some of this is good , but WAY too much of it is not . The songs seem to never end , and the one time I tried to sit through the whole album , I was so bored I had to turn it off most of the way through Der Feuhrer . Do yourself a favor , and get `` High '' , It 's a much better Album . Or any F&J Album after Cuatro , for that matter .
 I love Flotsam but this just is n't that good . The title track almost warrants 3 stars but the rest is just too cheesy . Their next album No Place for Disgrace is way better than this . This has it 's moments so if you see it used real cheap it may be worth it but other than that , do n't bother .
 This CD is really bad . I recommend you stay away from this one .
 If you like old and new song combined together into one album why do n't you try `` The Parent Trap '' soundtrack , it 's really COOL ! Trust me .
 i went searching for a Beethoven CD because i was lucky enough to find this wonderful Mozart one . But this Beethoven CD doesnt have the best performances . The most popular pieces are apparently played by beginners because the notes sound disjointed , as if they arent playing together but playing each piece separately , which is not what an orchestra is supposed to sound like ... otherwise we wouldnt call it an orchestra ... it would be an elementary school meddley ! But anyway , the less popular pieces are boring , like the compilers didnt feel like paying for the good stuff . Overall , im disappointed with this CD . The picture is cool though ... -LRB- insert glaring smiley here -RRB- .
 How these guys got together and made this trash is beyond me . If you like the lyrics and singing of Chris Barnes go buy some Cannibal Corpse . If you like the music style of some Obituary members , go buy some Obituary , but not this .
 CAN WE SAY PRE-SCHOOL METAL KIDDIES ? YES , ALLEN WEST IS IN DEED THE WORST GUITARIST ON EARTH . HIS LACK OF TALENT SHINE BRIGHTLY THROUGHOUT THIS WHOLE CD . RIFFS THAT SUCK SO BAD THEY MAKE ME LAUGH . ALLEN WEST , IF YOU EVER READ THIS REVIEW , LET ME TELL YOU NOW THAT YOU ARE SUCH A WANNABE . YOUR LACK OF MUSICIANSHIP HAS RUINED OBITUARY . YOUR LEADS ARE AS WEAK AS A SAFETY PIN HOLDING UP A BOULDER . YOUR MUSIC -LRB- SORRY , I COULD NOT FIGURE WHAT ELSE TO CALL IT -RRB- IS OLDER THAT OLD SCHOOL . I KNOW KIDS THAT COULD PLAY BETTER THAN YOU . PLEASE GIVE UP MUSIC , GUITAR EVEN , FOR THE SAKE OF ALL METALHEADS . I 'M ASKING YOU NICELY .
 Im not hugely into death metal but SFU are one of the few bands i dont mind.Now dont get me wrong this isnt for the weak at heart but on the same note Compared to other releases its pretty tame.Unlike later releases the lyrics on this are based more on a disturbed mind than on the gore matter.Not that thats a bad thing , it shows barnes can cover more than just sodomizing a baby when it comes to lyrics.Apart from that it really is just basic Riffs , Mid tempo songs and the occasional solo.Id reccomend maximum violence .
 If you 're considering buying a Six Feet Under cd and it 's not possible to stop you from buying one , buy Maximum Violence 'cause that one is good . Chris Barnes sounds so goddam weak , all the riffs are reused Obituary riffs , Final Thoughts and End Complete get a real bashing ! Aside from that Enemy Inside was great , a couple of others were ok and the rest were just plain no-good , repetitive and non-brutal ... stuff.And to the guy who says Six Feet Under are his favourite band and that he 's been listening to Death Metal for 8 years ? I feel sorry for you . No wonder the world thinks Death Metal fans are idiots , because the ones people notice ARE .
 i bought this album because a friend recommended it to me . he and i are no longer friends . i was never a big fan of cannibal corpse , but he kept insisting that this was different . it was definitely different from cannibal corpse
 This is the sorriest excuse for death metal that I have ever heard . How can Chris Barnes go from The Bleeding to this crap ? It will bore you to death . It totally lacks anything that I would consider cutting edge musicianship . It just flat out sucks and you have to be a tuneless , mindless retard to appreciate it.Awful .
 Look , as much as it pains me to do this , I must admit that Doomsday is n't very good . I 'm a huge fan of later Flotsam , and I was shocked at how pointless this album is . To be fair , you can see that F&J have potential . The guitar is quite good , if a little too aimless in places . The weaknesses include the Bass , or lack thereof . I mean you ca n't really even hear it most of the time . Also , Eric A.K. 's voice at this point can only be described as millions of tiny rodents nibbling on my skull . Believe me , I love good thrash , and some of this is good , but WAY too much of it is not . The songs seem to never end , and the one time I tried to sit through the whole album , I was so bored I had to turn it off most of the way through Der Feuhrer . Do yourself a favor , and get `` High '' , It 's a much better Album . Or any F&J Album after Cuatro , for that matter .
 I love Flotsam but this just is n't that good . The title track almost warrants 3 stars but the rest is just too cheesy . Their next album No Place for Disgrace is way better than this . This has it 's moments so if you see it used real cheap it may be worth it but other than that , do n't bother .
 Very dissapointing album , the instrumental versions are not the originals but instead synth versions that really are weak and poor in comparision to the OST .
 I bought this DVD being a Daz fan -LRB- love his production work -RRB- and hoped getting some info on his work in the studio and how he handled his `` independant game '' . WHAT A MISTAKE.The WHOLE DVD looks like it was shot in '72 and do n't look for chapters or a menu
 Just ok , my kids used this more than some others . But like a lot of the Radio Disney songs , they quickly lost there appeal and the kids wanted something else .
 I just purchased 3 CD 's and a Karaoke machine for my daughter for Christmas through Amazon . 2 of the 3 CD 's purchased , do not work . I am not satisfied at all with this purchase .
 Apparently the sound engineer who mixed this CD did n't think hearing the piano was important . Duke 's piano is barely audible . The bass fiddle sounds loud enough and the trumpet , clarinet and trombone , and Luis 's voice also . With Duke Ellington on the cover with Luis Armstrong I thought he would get equal share of the sound . The music is ok , but sleepy . I have literally fallen asleep listening to it .
 OK Album ... Sounds like more of The Accused.I like the older Fartz stuff better ... more old skool punk sounding .
 God this band sucks ... these early albums for COC were where they learned their chops and how to actually play . Which is why they sound much better today ! These songs are like 1 to 2 minutes long ! LOL And they 're playing a 100 miles an hour ! An Mike Dean 's singing is well ... atrocious to say the least ... no wonder they hired Carl Agell , then later let Pepper take over the singing duties ... these guys need to stick with Pepper , cause they 're nothing without him ! LONG LIVE PEPPER KEENAN !!!
 This groups lyrics are nothing but recitations of seemingly unrelated descriptions of violent acts . It should not be heard by anyone .
 Their songs are 1 chord . The vocals are 1 note . They want to be Interpol but just suck too much . Mildly catchy enough to appeal to the pop-headed masses , obviously selling many albums and enjoying success . Too bad their success is not proportional to their talent . Try Interpol instead .
 Wow , are these some of the stupidest lyrics that I have ever heard . Take away the vocals and all that is left are boring , bland , unimaginative songs . Terrible songwriting . There are so many better new rock bands out there that do it right - why does this crap get so much airplay?I hear these guys a lot on radio stations that claim to be `` modern rock '' . If this is the future of rock music then I 'm turning to rap .
 To the person below me
 why people would ever buy this album amazes me ! The Killers are a decent band . . i guess . . but lets just get this straight , they only have 2 good songs `` Smile Like You Mean It '' and `` Mr. Brightside '' that 's essentially all they have to offer , do n't buy this album , borrow it then return it the next day . . for your own sake !
 When I first heard The Killers ' single `` Somebody Told Me '' on their website months before their debut album was released , I was really blown away . It was cheesy , it was catchy , it was good . Which , in the long run , was really unfortunate . The Killers chose to pack this album at the top , and let the crap sink to the bottom really obviously . The result is only an EP 's worth of songs that get tiring after a while , and make a band with potential easily forgettable . Do n't believe the hype on this album .
 This album and this band SUCK !!!!!!! Hailed as the next big thing by the British press , of all people , this Las Vegas based band is as poseur-ish and a rip-off as I 've ever seen . If you 're looking for a crappy band that simply rips off the sound of Interpol and Franz Ferdinand , has annoyingly-whiny vocals with terrible lyrics , and is self-conciously cultivating a glam-androgynous-faux-gay image -LRB- look at the bass player and the whole band 's posturing to see what I mean -RRB- , then this is your band . That lead-off single Somebody Told Me , is garbage , as is this whole album ... I re-sold it for a third of the price back to the record store I bought it at within days ... STAY AWAY !
 Rediculous piece of crap designed for idiots . The Killers is so vacant of any musical talent one with any music appreciation wonders what the hell is wrong with people .
 In short , this cd is half good and half crap.The cd starts strong with catchy guitar , and the obvious sharp synth parts.The thing that gets me is this bands over popularity with a genre of music that has been around for over 25 years . Frontman Brandon Flowers complains about other successful new wave/postgarage bands success -LRB- The Bravery , The Fever , Bloc Party , Moving Units -RRB- and that they are `` riding on our success '' . Meanwhile the Killers go on tour with Depeche Mode after they reach platinum status and for some reason Flowers does n't take a hint . He has simply become the Depeche Mode of 2004-whenever this band breaks up -LRB- cuz they should -RRB- . Unfortunately this band has a lot less talent than Depeche Mode , seeing as how Flowers voice is overly futzed with in mastering and he uses a pitch corrector in concert . Plus half their cd sucks and their new cd is n't sounding much better . The new single is awful . Quite terrible.Now I know this review will get a bunch of thumbs down , but I know that those will be from people who have listened to each single on the radio and know nothing about real music , music history , or probably even how to play an instrument , so it wo n't bother me.If you want real new wave alternative rock check out these bands : The BraveryKaiser ChiefsMoving UnitsBloc PartyThe FeverThe UnicornsWolf ParadeThe Doves
 Hard to review when I never received my order placed on February 24 , 2007 from Amazon .
 A friend recommended that I should get their CD because they rock ! So I did . Boy were they wrong !!! These guys suck big time . Just another cookie cutter pop/rock -LRB- boring -RRB- band of today . I will never buy a CD of these guys ever again and I will never listen to my ex-friend !!
 ANd somebody told himto find me in febuary of last mothso he didfrom teh past future time warpand came back/forwardand told meto come with himand to make TERRIBAL MUSIC FOR INDIE HIPSTERZ !! OH GODZ THEH MUSIC IS SO BAD ! TRACK 22 IS THE WORST ! THE lyrics are so bad they are stench ridden with riddles of FIDDLES ! I met The Lead Singer Of this band -- THE kILLERS , INCASE U WERNT `` IN THE NO ! -- AND HE SAID `` HEY DOOD WHATS UP ? '' and i was liek `` I SAW U WITH THAT MAN AND HE IS ANGRY CUZ U KNOW U WERE GOING TO LOOSE AT THAT GAME OF CHESSPOKER ! '' he got really red and was liek `` I HAD A SPECIAL PLAN ! '' and i was like `` well prove it '' !!!! and he did -------- NOT !
 Lately , everything coming from artists these days are crap -LRB- this crap , American Idiot , Three Cheers For Sweet Revenge , The Massacre etc. -RRB- . The biggest problem was that each of these artists are being played everywher , and that really , really sucks . This Group has probably taken the cake , though . These guys are sad , pathetic and sad-pathetic-peices-of-crap . Mr. Brightside is the only one i 'm even going to talk about , as too much talk of The Killers make me want to hurl . You have no doubt heard Mr. Brightside at least once and i do n't need to tell you its sad , sad crap . thats really all i have to say , and its more than these losers deserve to have said about them . luckily , unlike all the CDs mentioned above , i did n't waste my money on them , because i borrewed this sad excuse of an album from a friend . -LRB- ... -RRB- Thanks for reading and hopefully listening , Kid
 the killers have a rad sound but this album does not live up to the hype . The songs seem to be teen punk power pop wrapped in a New Order sound . I 've heard it many times over . Listen to Joy Division or The Strokes instead . Way better tunes , and original . Hopefully on the next Lp The Killers find their own sound .
 The first I 'd heard of The Killers -LRB- like most people 's first experience with them -RRB- was `` Somebody Told Me '' . I absolutely loved this song . Then along came `` Mr. Brightside '' ; another good song . So , I took a chance figuring that the rest of the CD would sound similar . I was very wrong . Their sound leans more toward the synthesizer than the guitar . The two songs I previously mentioned are really the only two which have the guitar-driven melody and catchy chorus . Most of the songs seem to plod along . I kept saying to myself `` is this song over yet ? '' If you like Franz Ferdinand , then you will probably like this CD . I was expecting something more along the lines of The Used . As for me , I 'll be pawning my copy of this album -LRB- after I burn the two songs I like -RRB- .
 are you people retarded ? why do you listen to this crap ? it 's just fabricated 80 's music . utter crap.ugh ... ugh ... ugh !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do you like listening to music that was made in the 80s . Do you want to be uber hip , have a trendy hair cut , and impress all your friends with your nostalgic love of an early simpler time . Do you feel that you some how missed out by never being able to see Duran Duran during their hayday . Are you 15 and need that special record to really please the girl of your dreams.Then look no further then this overhyped , no talent 80s revival rip off artist , the killers . Knowing that some dork Mormon -LRB- Brandon Flowers -RRB- from Vegas who loved Moz so much decided to make form a band based solely off of the fictional band from a New Order video is bad enough . Having to listen to this trite crap is worse . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 You know you 're an awful band when a band -LRB- The Bravery -RRB- can form , rehearse , and put out an album that completely copies your sound AND makes and improvement on it all within six months of release . Let 's face it . The Killers are flashy but there 's not much substance beyond the singles . There are SO many other better bands out there today . This album came out in June . Did n't pick up steam until January . And now , they release a crappy limited edition . What a farce .
 I havent even heard this album yet , the 2 songs I have heard on tv have sucked , I mean they are bad , really bad , this band is just another example of how bad music is today , I mean look at the music of today , Frenz Fernidad or whatever they 're called , modest mouse ... I mean come on , wheres the talent ? I would never get this album ever , but the good news is that Rock is on its way back ! all these great bands from back in the 80 's are all coming back and are gon na blow this crap away . I recommened L.A.Guns-Tales from the strip or Buckcherry 's new and upcoming album `` 15 ''
 That 's enough ! Interpol and the killers and Franz Ferdinand should stop doing these to us . This album is BAD . Somebody told me has the most clueless lyrics . The singer looks freakin weird , he try to be British and they all wearing nice clothes.I saw they call themselves INDIE rock ? ya right!I hate MTV and INDIE SUCKS .
 ... that the only thing different on this version and the original US version is ONE SONG . Glamourous Indie Rock & Roll replaced Change Your Mind . That 's all .
 alright , so if i could give this crap ZERO stars i would . true , true , i have n't heard the whole album , but what i have heard makes my teeth hurt . for the sake of my future children , the only song i 've heard on what i 'm sure is an otherwise unremarkable album is the train wreck known as `` mr. brightside . '' this song is a BLATANT RIP-OFF OF UNDERWORLD !!! i 'm not the biggest underworld fan to have walked the face of the earth , and i probably would n't have ever heard of / cared about the killers otherwise , but it 's still wrong to COPY / MIMIC / STEAL another band 's sound just because you 're too lame to think of anything on your own and you know it will get some quick attention . shame , shame , killers ... i 've already forgotten your name .
 I hate this band , There disco rock , Go listen to Kanye west Or The Beatles , Cuz there lameo disco rock . There lameo : -LRB-
 Not sincle KISS has there been such a non talented band making people think they have talent . What a waste of mylar .
 I love The Killers . They 're like , the best indie band ever , next to Coldplay ! They have a totally original sound and their lead singer is really hot . I saw them one night when I was watching The O.C. and I bought their CD -LRB- along with Bright Eyes and Death Cab For Cutie -RRB- and I love it . it looks great in my collection , next to my `` Garden State '' DVD.Someone told me about this band called `` New Order '' or something , and they said they sounded like The Killers . I listened to some of their songs , and I could n't believe it . These guys are a total rip-off of The Killers ! How dare they do something like that ! That 's just mean ! Someone should file a lawsuit against them or something ! : - -LRB- And there was this other band called `` The Pixie '' or something like that , and other people said they were indie , so I listened to them , and I hated them ! Their lead singer is a bald fat guy , and his voice is weird and freaky . And they write lyrics about stuff like incest , which makes them crazy . If they were the first indie band , they sure did n't do it right!THE KILLERS ROCK ! SOMEBODY TOLD ME !
 Well , I hate to be the one to break the news to you , but The Killers are absolutely horrible ! With monotonous music that I can play on a melody pop , they added such lyrics as : `` Well somebody told meYou had a boyfriendWho looks like a girlfriendThat I had in February of last yearIt 's not confidentialI 've got potential '' -LRB- Somebody Told Me lyrics -RRB- `` Please believe me , NatalieListen NatalieThis is your last chance to findA go-go dance to disco now '' -LRB- Believe Me Natalie lyrics -RRB- `` But , Alec , I like them so much ! How can you say this ? '' They play music that is poppy and catchy , so it is no surprise that they are loved by many people . Just because you got to listen to The Killers before someone in the boonies does n't make the band or their music any better . Time is no factor when it 's about good music . And just to prove my point , we 'll see where they are in a year . Also , how about , oh , I dunno , SINGING a song , and not saying the words ... `` Now , he takes off her dress ... now . '' -LRB- Mr. Brightside lyrics -RRB- . I 'm sorry people , but The Killers are no good . Thank mainstream for making them popular , because they do n't have the talent to do it themselves .
 You know you 're an awful band when a band -LRB- The Bravery -RRB- can form , rehearse , and put out an album that completely copies your sound AND makes and improvement on it all within six months of release . Let 's face it . The Killers are flashy but there 's not much substance beyond the singles . There are SO many other better bands out there today .
 I was first aurally penetrated by this incredibly tedious band the other night on Saturday Night Live . I could n't believe how uninteresting their lyrics were and how lame the bedazzeled keyboards were . To be honest , if you 're going to wear such form-fitting clothes you should at least work out a little bit . These guys looks like they 're flat-chested going to slight pudge . At least now they can afford propetia .1 more year and they 're going on the ` who were they ? ' rack . I 've already seen this record in the cut-out bins and what used record store is n't complete with this record for about $ 5.99 ? Needless to say , I 'd rather listen to the latest Norah Jones LP than this collection of crap . Shame on Island records for trying to cash in on the `` rock revival '' thing with this piece of crap .
 These dipsticks are so into makin their video all fancy they do n't stop to think about the one thing in music that is truly important ... TALENT . Although , that truly does n't matter today because people will buy anything as long as it 's on MTV . This has to be the worst thing I 've heard in years , and I predict these guys will go out of style quicker than you can say Hanson or Spice Girls . Yeah , I said it , bite me . Forget listenin to the `` popular '' stuff such as this , most of it 's absolute garbage.I think if you look of the word popular in the dictionary of MTV and VH1 it simply means HERE TODAY , GONE TOMORROW . Do n't be part of a fad you 'll look back on in 5 years and have to kick your own @ $ $ for .
 `` Secondly , at least give these boys a chance . Obviously somebody likes them if they are getting airplay on the radio . '' is what a previous reviewer said.That is WHY people like them , because they 're on the radio . It 's more mainstream crap made for the radio just so that they can get fans . Note that the good bands who are n't mainstream crap are n't on the radio ... NOFX Rancid Pennywise bet you 've never heard of them because you 're too busy listening to Green Day and that crap.According to one of the spotlight reviews , this is a knockoff of Blur and The Cars and such . So WHY would you listen to a knockoff instead of the real thing ??? Go buy Blur 's self titled album and The Cars `` Panorama '' if you want REAL music of this style.Have fun giving these guys your money and giving them fame you do n't deserve . Or take my advice and listen to bands who need your help and are deserving of it .
 Their music is far too cliquey and overplayed . If I have to hear this band one more time , my head will EXPLODE !!! The songs at first were okay and tolerable at best , but after hearing them OVER and OVER , I just can ' take it anymore . How did this band get famous ???
 Marketing rules the musical world . This album is a nice example.But do n't take too much attention on it , in one year every body will forget this loosy album .
 this album is awful and extremely overrated -LRB- but apparently not by me -RRB- `` Indie Rock N Roll '' is hilarious ... . if only for its poking fun at indie rock as if they are so musically sound that they have a place to do so . The irony of it is astounding . However , I like listening to that song at the bar . But in the sanctity of my own home ... . silence , please .
 Yuck . Well maybe that 's too strong a reaction . Rather more like
 The Killers are another one of these retro-revivalists who 've made it big . They 're here honing in on those who 've always had a soft spot for new wave hits . Who have enjoyed The Cure and Depeche Mode , who like their songs a little darker but still upbeat . Are they any good ? Not exactly but they do show signs of promise . Somebody Told Me is not bad as a song as it has the androgynous tongue-twister chorus that is an update of Blur 's Girls And Boys . The rest however is a little sub-standard really . Tossed off in a rush and sounding a bit like the also-rans of Britpop ten years ago . The music is nothing exciting though . As with most retro-revival acts , it treads on thin ice . It 's only a matter of time before it cracks and then we 'll see whether they sink or swim .
 In a quest to find something right with today 's radio , I landed upon `` Hot Fuss '' by The Killers.And now , my quest continues.This album is loaded with overrated buzz , horrible lyrics , and ghastly tunes . Just quit it Mr. Flowers , new wave pop is dead , and you 're anything but the Re-Animator . Singles for this album such as `` Somebody Told Me '' and `` Mr. Brightside '' are just totally ridiculous . Take for instance , the chorus of `` Somebody Told Me `` Well somebody told meYou had a boyfriendWho looked like a girlfriendThat I had in February of last yearIt 's not confidentialI 've got potentialWHAT ? Granted , it 's not a mumbo jumbo hunk of lyrics like pretentious prog act The Mars Volta , but still , the lyrics , in any context , are just bad . And the album gets drier and drier as you move on , finally closing with `` Everything Will Be Alright '' . Well , trust me , if you listen to this album , perhaps not .
 I was n't planning on writing a review for this , but when I noticed everyone and their mother praising these guys as the `` SaViOrZzZzZ Of RaWk !!! '' , I had to step in and say ... well , no . No , they 're not.I do n't hate the Killers . I 've heard their album -LRB- my ex-roomate had it , and he would always blast it and warble the lyrics in that damn dying-camel singing voice of his -RRB- , and from what I 've heard , I think they have potential . For one thing , they 're not emo , which is always a good thing -LRB- at least in this day and age -RRB- , and a couple parts * are * catchy , I ca n't deny it . But as they stand , they need a lot of work . This album is very cliche and boring , and really does little , if anything , to reach in and grab the listener . Let 's not forget how much work the songwriting needs
 The Killers really suck , you know that ? My reaction to most of this album is `` These guys are irritating . '' And since I 'm not really seeing any redeeming facets to Brandon Flowers ' obnoxious voice or the group 's style-over-substance sound , I ca n't go `` These guys are irritating , but they can really play their instruments '' or `` These guys are irritating , but they 've got a unique sound '' or whatever . It 's just `` These guys are irritating . '' Here 's what Hot Fuss is in a nutshell
 I guess I am getting old . The Smiths , NewOrder , Cure and Talking heads were my music . These bands all sound like watered down versions . Check out the older guys , It was such a great time in music , and dont forget the Clash .
 The three bonus tracks , `` Glamorous Indie Rock & Roll '' `` The Ballad of Michael Valentine '' `` Under the Gun `` are all available on the Killer 's 2007 release Sawdust.If you are looking to buy the Hot Fuss album , buy the Deluxe Tour Edition which comes with a DVD of videos .
 First off , I want to ask why everybody is trying so hard to defend this band from people that dislike the album . You are not body guards and if your ` favorite band ' is insulted , who cares ? Stop defending them . We want reviews , not hour long speeches about how The Killers are not copying 80s music.Anyways , where do I begin?Like almost anybody else , I heard Somebody Told Me on the radio and thought , hey this catchy . After about 3 months of that song essentially played on repeat over the air , it got boring , and they introduced Mr. Brightside . Now , being in Junior High , everybody was buzzing around my head screaming `` OMG !!! Mr. Brightside ! lolzZZZzzz that song is s0000 true . It c0mpl3tely parallels mai life !!!!!! 11 '' Maybe that 's honestly the reason I hated the song , but something about the primitive lyrics and angsty music just did n't add up . It 's as if their manager told them to make something depressing , and they tried as hard as they could , put a bunch of their failed attempts together , and called it a hit . After another few months of constant nagging from friends , I found the album online and listened to it . Not only are all the songs at Mr. Brightside 's standard or worse , they also sound so the same with repeated guitar patterns and drums , that you ca n't tell when one song ends and another begins . So much like my previous sentence , this album seems to run on far past what it should . The only reason I 'm giving this album 2 stars is because of Somebody Told Me , which managed to be a good song despite it 's terrible lyrics . -LRB- Somebody told me , you had a boyfriend , that looked like a girlfriend , that I had in February of last year ... -RRB-
 The best songs on this album are the ones you hear on the radio all the time . The rest of the songs sound like bad versions of those songs . You be better off listening to bands like the Cure , the Smith , The Talking Heads , Echo and the Bunnymen or any other good new wave band then this bad imitation .
 The product description for Killers ' ` Hot Fuss ' describes it as ` eleven nuggets of reel-you-in storytelling genius ' . Come on . With the exception of ` Somebody Told Me ' , the lead singer runs the gamut of emotions from A to B -LRB- to paraphrase Dorothy Parker -RRB- . ` Mr. Brightside ' features all of 3 or 4 notes total and banal lyrics that are repeated , in full twice . No melody . Killers would n't know a good tune if it bit them in their collective arses .
 The Killers are one of those bands that was pretty much at the right place at the right time . To the high school set that enamors the band , they are original , sharp-dressed , sly Goth-influenced dance-rockers . To many of us who were alive to see the '80s , they 're unoriginal , commercially calculated , eager to please Duran Duran knockoffs - but hey , those lads sure are sharp-dressed , are n't they ? While these guys attempt to conjure up the moody , detached vibes of bands like Depeche Mode and New Order -LRB- the latter of which provided their name , taken from their song and video for `` Crystal '' -RRB- , with their bouncy rhythms and Brandon Flowers ' earnest vocals they wind up sounding more like the Archies of new wave ... because this is what an eager to please pop/rock act like the Killers are supposed to do , right?The Killers ' debut album , Hot Fuss , is n't all that bad - it 's just been done before . It 's also awfully disjointed - `` Mr. Brightside '' is a song about seeing the woman you pine for with another man , but the song 's sugary bounce leaves you wondering as to whether Flowers will stay up all night laughing or crying about the situation . And some of the lyrics seem like they do n't make any discernable sense ... `` Someone is calling my name / From the back of the restaurant '' , with vocal distortion on the second line ... ooooh , spooky ! But the album is not without its positive moments - the addition of a gospel choir on tracks like `` All These Things That I 've Done '' adds a nice touch , and `` Midnight Show '' shows that maybe something more uptempo can work in this context , if executed correctly.In summary
 Some people may disagree with me completely , but The Killers are really just glam rockers without a brain.Actually , I should n't say that . They are very good at sounding cool . All the singles on this album sound very cool , with techno beeps , vamping guitars and loud drums.Aside from that , Brandon Flowers ' lyrics are really just the typical angst lyrics gathered from the Gen X bands of the 90s . Songs such as `` Jenny Was a Friend of Mine '' involve the main singer killing his ex-girlfriend . I was not impressed by the lyrics , `` There ai n't no motive for this crime/Jenny was a friend of mine/So come on . `` Flowers continues his streak of angst with songs such as `` Mr. Brightside , '' where he 's upset that he acted like `` Mr. Brightside '' while his girlfriend was having sex with someone else . Other songs , such as `` Smile Like You Mean It '' are sadly self-explanatory , while `` Somebody Told Me '' just confused me with lyrics about a boyfriend who looks like a girlfriend that Flowers had in February of last year.And then there are the terrible songs about Flowers ' blatant love for indie rock , where he literally sings `` Betcha your bottom dollar on me/It 's indie rock and roll for me . '' Other songs , such as `` Andy , You 're a Star '' features some outdated slow , slow Depeche Mode electronic sounds , while Flowers sings `` In a car with a girl , promise me she 's not your world/Cause Andy , you 're a star . `` As much as I wish that they had sung something much more substantial , it was incredibly popular in 2004 , when it first hit the airwaves . So if anyone likes the band , they can just ignore what I wrote in this review . But if anyone wants to stay away from popular monotony , then they can just steer away from this album at all costs . Please .
 Take away 80 % of the creativity , melody and uniqueness of the Talking Heads and the Pixies , throw in some mid 80 's glam rock , and you 're left with the Killers.Now it 's not entirely a bad album - sometimes the vocals work , though more often than not the lead singer leaves me completely cold.If people seriously think the Killers are one of the best bands from the last several years , I have to strongly disagree . We need a band with a more original sound and definitely more creativity as far as vocal melodies and background arrangements go . This is basically commercial rock similar to Green Day but slightly better , that 's all .
 Do n't let my rating fool you , I like The Killers and when I bought Hot Fuss shortly after its release I liked the material . However this is a flat out bad `` limited '' edition . We 'll have to wait and see if it is truly a product that will only be produced for a short amount of time . With the amount of extra material that The Killers have it is better to just by the extra tracks from itunes -LRB- napster , sony connect , etc. -RRB- and save yourself the money . The three tracks are good but nowhere near worth rebuying the entire cd . So If you do n't already own Hot Fuss then this is a good purchase , however if you already have the cd then do n't buy into the band/record label just trying to keep themselves relavent and make more money .
 Here is the formula of this band :1 -RRB- Make a catchy beat .2 -RRB- Put it lyrics without sense -LRB- somebody told me that you had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend -RRB- .3 -RRB- Make a disc with one `` hit '' song and the rest just songs that do n't give anything new to music -LRB- I 'm not saying that the hit does -RRB- .4 -RRB- People will feel like `` cool guys '' when they buy your music and think it is the best .5 -RRB- YOU ARE KNOW A ROCK STAR !!! HEY WAIT!THIS FORMULA SOUNS ME LIKE ... mmmmmmmm ... . o yes ! FRANZ FERDINAND -LRB- if you like franz ferdinand album buy this and keep listening to crapy music -RRB- I know that most people will hate this review but that is because they will know that this is just the truth of this kind of bands and I know that this band will be easily forgotten into some months unless they have another hit and the story starts again .
 I never bought this album and probably wo n't because if I EVER did buy it , I probably would n't get through any of the songs without getting bored and waiting for the 30-second samples to end . Even worse is Brandon Flowers 's vocals because that 's the fakest British accent I have ever heard ! Oh yes , I forgot to mention that whatever Brandon Flowers is singing about , I ca n't make out a single thing he even says ! FYI Kazuo , New Order was around for 2 decades before The Killers were ever around and I knew who New Order was long before I had heard of The Killers!Two other things :1 . `` Somebody Told Me '' has probably the worst lyrics I have ever heard2 . They cite The Cure as an influence and The Cure are way better than them and I am a huge fan of The Cure ! Buy The Cure 's 1979-1986 compliation . Lots of classic Cure songs!If you want classic 80 's new wave/rock buy these albums : Staring At The Sea-The Singles -LRB- The Cure -RRB- Songs From The Big Chair -LRB- Tears For Fears -RRB- The Hurting -LRB- Tears For Fears -RRB- Kiss Me , Kiss Me , Kiss Me -LRB- The Cure -RRB- The Different Story -LRB- World Of Lust And Crime -RRB- - Peter SchillingBlue Sunshine -LRB- The Glove -RRB-
 feel like paying 15 bucks to throw something away ? then pick up HOT FUSS !!! Think of everything decent and good about `` alternative '' 80 's pop/rock bands . now think of the catchiest part of the most radio-friendly single by that band . THE KILLERS are that sound exploited to the ninth degree . thanks `` The Killers '' for bringing down the GPA of others in your class .
 See Blur , Oasis , Franz Ferdinand , The YYY 's , the Strokes , the Features for far superior offerings of the same formula . I know exactly what these young men are up to and their are many others who do it far better -- particularly those they are affectedly emulating . . Looks like corporate is hip to a new wave .
 This album is crap . Another album made specifically for teenage girls to droop over . Not a bad way to make cash but I would n't disgrace myself writing crap like this . First , the guitarist is just terrible . He 's barely noticable and might as well not have been there . This is barely in the `` rock '' genre . The singer might as well have just sung over a DJ and called it pop . Second , the singer is horribly bad . His lyrics are moronic , cliche and the theme of his lyrics is used in almost every song . Yea , yea , you could n't get a girl , blah , blah , blah . I can literally say `` sing a new song '' . His singing is pretty bad too . Any 20 year old guy could sing the way he can , so why does he get so much attention ? Because he 's willing to conform to style that soo many people love . The Killers is nothing more than a retro boy band designed to look like a rock band to sell more records . It IS specifically targeted at teenage girls , after all , they buy the most CDs . This crap was n't worked on . All I noticed was a tune played within a 10 second period and repeated for 3 minutes .
 this is utter trash . The Lyrics are terrible , his vocals are horrible , how can anyone like this crap ? it 's just another one of these trendy bands that think it 's cool to sound `` retro '' .
 I got suckered into buying this steaming heap based on that ` Somebody Told Me ' song . Too bad nobody warned me that that is the only decent song on the album . The rest of the album is composed of pathetic crooning on the part of the lead singer and blantant U2 copycatting on the part of the musicians . Worst of all are the inane lyrics . For example from the effluviant pile of dreck known as ` Believe Me Natalie ' , we find the scintilanting lyrics : ` There is an old clich&eacute;Under your Monet , baby'I rest my case . This one hit wonder will be forgotten in a year and that 's good .
 They are an emotional-crap band no matter what but they did have some exceptional songs that paid off for the rest of the bad songs . I wish bands like this could stop doing 9 bad emo songs for each 2 good rock songsby the way ; ... HE SUCKS AT SINGING !! 2 best songs
 Someone had to cash in on dumbing down new wave for a new generation , and I guess it 's these guys . Does n't really matter , since in six months they 'll be forgotten . If you want to be ahead of the curve , ditch this faux-indie schtick and start idolizing the Pig Destroyer .
 This music is so devoid of substance , they make other pretentious bands from this genre look deep . This is Hollywood 's version of the New York/Garage Band scene , and it 's AWFUL !! The lyrics ? The blatant rip off of Blur 's Girls and Boys -LRB- Somebody Told Me -RRB- ? Blondie 's `` Dreaming '' -LRB- Mr. Brightside -RRB- ? Come on .
 ` Mr Brightside ' is a great song , a little overplayed , but a great song . that is the extent of the praise I will give this album.Brandon Flowers is your classic manufactured pop star , nothing special lyrically or vocally , no real stage presence but he gets by on his enormous ... ego and his feminine appearance which the girls go ` gaga ' for.on the album vocally it is below par , the bass is simple and frustratingly dull , the guitar is energetic yet flat and the drumming ... well , the drumming is n't that bad.Don ' t get this album , not all it 's cracked up to be .
 `` Smile Like You Mean It , '' `` Mr. Brightside , '' and `` Somebody Told Me '' are the best songs - but you 've probably already heard at least two of these on the radio lots of times . `` Jenny Was a Friend of Mine '' and `` Andy You 're a Star '' are OK - they 're listenable tracks . Most of the rest is unlistenable filler - most of it after track 6 of the album . Just because radio seized on the few best tracks on the album does n't mean that the album is good as a whole , and all the songs generally sound the same.Overall , as the reviewer whose headline reads `` What 's The Hot Fuss About ? '' said , as well as several others
 I do n't see how someone here could actually mention these guys in the same breath as modest mouse . Sure , they demonstrate a knack for melody on a few songs , but their music is hindered by blase , crappy lyrics , such as `` I like soul , but I 'm not a soldier . '' Not to mention that a few of their keyboard and synth lines are blatant Cure rip-offs , and that there is no real complexity to the music on this album either , unless you consider just adding more keyboards and guitars to be complex . All in all , the Hot Fuss successfully illustrates what happens when a band spends more time cultivating their image than their songwriting abilities .
 This is pretty dull and there are many bad things about this piece of plastic . For one all I can here is a repetative guitar in the backround and the lead singers terrible voice . The lyrics to ` Somebody Told Me ' are an utter disaster , I mean `` Breaking my back just to know your name x5 , anything goes in place like this x5 , somebody told that you had a boyfriend that looked like a girlfriend -LRB- ? -RRB- septuary abasterd ??? Its not confidential I 've got potentail rushin around '' are not poetic and are VERY uninspired , a lot like Good Charlottes songs except not poseur . The bass player also has no idea what he 's doing ... looks like we got another one bringing a bad name to the instrument players . The guitarist is trying too hard to sound like Eddie Van Halen and failing so freakin ' miserably , I mean at least be a little original here !! The drummer also has very little talent that I dont understand as well , he usually cant keep a rhythem going and he cant start any song very well at all . The only reason why I am giving this two stars is because all in all they are being themselves -LRB- excluding the guitar player -RRB- unlike S * ! tty Plan and G@y Charlotte ... who are some of the biggest most useless poseurs that ever lived . I dont recommend this but then again its better than most crap out today .
 I saw this band in Miami on 3/25/06 . This band is the product of hype rather than talent . THeir lifespan could not be more than 2 years . This is `` poser rock '' .
 complete hack rip offs ... Stly over substance all the way - and their style sucks
 Sing this : Well somebody told meto buy this cd.Now it 's a coastersitting under a glass of root beer.it 's not confidentialit 's got no potential.A wastin ' A wastin ' my money!Sorry I 'm not the best lyricist but you get the picture .
 Good God , does anyone know how these trolls got popular ? I try not to write negative reviews too often since I know music is subjective and all , but in the Killers ' case I 'll make an exception . I think these guys have to be as good a candidate as any for 2005 's award for the annoying pop/rock band that inexplicably achieves massive popularity with its debut album -LRB- maybe we can call it the Maroon 5 award -RRB- . Seriously , these guys are so unoriginal and forgettable they make Interpol sound like the Clash circa London Calling by comparison . What 's especially irritating about the Killers is that they specialize in the kind of sleek , overproduced songs that you know are incredibly stupid but get stuck in your head anyway , so I wind up with these ghastly tunes bouncing around my brain for days until I finally end up playing some Meshuggah and blasting them out . Is there a stupider lyric in history than `` Somebody told me that you had a boyrfriend who looked like a girlfriend that I had in February of last year . '' WHAT ? Is that supposed to be clever ? God , I do n't even know anymore . Anyway , I 've had the misfortune of hearing this album in its entirety , and I can safely say that it 's one of the 21st century 's greatest atrocities thus far . Beneficiaries of the herd mentality at its worst , the Killers thoroughly deserve the opprobrium of all music fans .
 i bought the album b/c i heard Mr. Brightside & loved it . . however , soon discovered that that and Somebody Told Me r the only decent songs on this cd ... wut a waste of money
 Hi . We are The Killers . We 've never had an original thought in our life . Congratulations on buying this giant turd we let loose out of our bowels onto your face . We take pride in the fact that you 've probably heard this music a million times before in various forms over the past few decades . Do n't let the fact that our lead singer does n't know that singing like a monotone tone deaf retard is n't ironic anymore . All you need to know about us is that people trying too hard to be cool will fawn all over you when you say you listen to us.Anyone with taste or anyone who has ever listened to a minute of music in their life should urinate on this like a cat . There is n't much that is worse than this . If I had to listen to The Killers or listen to a fire alarm going off 2 inches from my ear , I 'd gladly choose the alarm . `` Somebody Told Me '' is a damn war crime if I 've ever seen one . Some good old generic nu-rock , with guest star Corky from Facts of Life hamming it up about his boyfriend he had last year . I 'm glad actors with Down Syndrome are being accepted in rock . The results just do n't work . As for the rest of the album , it 's pretty much the same variations , with more Corky . Apparently they did n't let the lead singer on this CD at all . I guess Corky is a bigger market draw.So in closing , you buying this CD is completely dependent on how strongly you feel about supporting retarded ex-child actors .
 I used to think that ICP was the worst , but I have since been enlightened with the constant playing of music by `` The Killers '' on local radio stations . I can not fathom how anyone can say with a straight face that they like , much less love , this group . The lead singer 's voice is absolutely grating and orders of magnitude beyond annoying . It boils my blood everytime he whines into the mic and belts out senseless , meaningless lyrics . I simply can not stand the guy 's obnoxious voice , and the music leaves quite a bit to be desired too.While I consider myself an open listner who can go between rap , hip-hop , classical , jazz , blues , pop , new age even , I have yet to ever come across a band in any of these groups that absolutely offends my auditory senses on the level of `` The Killers '' . If you buy this album you are doing yourself and the world a disservice . Yourself because you 're wasting money and the world because you 're keeping these hacks afloat and giving them a reason to keep making music.That 's all I have to say . I would give them a negative amount of stars if I could , but unfortunately the lower bound is one . : -LRB-
 Im tired of hearing about how all these new bands are being put in the category of Rock or Punk Rock . How can anyone even compare this Pop Crap to Rock ? Im sorry but rock in roll is not about some girlfriend who looked like some boyfriend , that just means the chicks a cross dresser or shes really ugly and this band is talking about how jealous they are of her with another guy ? what the hell ? And im a song writer and its hard to come up with some good lyrics but who in the hell rights about that ? COME ON ! Rock is suppose to be about the Guitar Solos and lyrical combintation , the Drum Solo 's , hell , even a bass solo , and alls this crap is some guy talking about god knows what , yeah , hes not even singing ! there is NO talent in just steping up to a microphone and talking into it , come on ? wheres the vocals ? I can do that , its not that hard . This cant even be considered punk rock , GREENDAY IS PUNK ROCK , these guys are in the category of TALENTLESS CRAP . Rock N'Roll , PLEASE Come back ! we need you more then ever now ! Show this crap what REAL talent is !
 Pretty generic punk/pop ... It seems that Flowers is jealous of Led Zeppelin because his band sucks ass .
 If I have to listen to another song by the Killers , I 'm going to put my nuts in a blender !
 When I first heard these guys on the radio , I got excited . I got the CD and I thought that it did n't sound that good . It sounded flat and lifeless . I could tell right away that it was overcompressed . Because there are n't any dynamics left in the songs , there is n't any impact . There is n't any space for the instruments to breathe , and they sound like they are playing in a small box . There 's `` too much sound in a small space '' . Dissapointed Again , Chris Hudec
 This was a major dissapointment , especially after reading the Rolling Stone review which compared the Killers to the Psychedelic Furs , New Order , and Joy Division . The fact is the Killers have nothing in common with those bands , and Brandon Flowers ' lyrics and vocals do n't hold a candle to Richard Butler or Ian Curtis . If this band had even the tenth of the talent any of the aforementioned lyricists had , it would be a major improvement . This is rubbish , and not all that far from the mindless garbage rammed down your throat on MTV or modern radio .
 Very draining record . Halfway trough I thinking `` god ! is this still on ? `` There are a countless number of bands with a similar sound that do this kind of thing right and creativly , yet we never heard them on the radio.Marketing is an amazing thing.The people are nothing but sponges that believe what `` the man '' tells them to believe.I 'm sure they will pour a ton of production work into the next record instead of talent.My version of `` Sombody Told Me '' `` Breaking my back just to go mainstreama few crappie tracks and a really crappie name!We 've stolen this act on-ly it 's lameBut what do fans know with tastes like this?I said , what do kids know but how to reminisce ?!! Duran Duran 's actGary Numan 's act we recite ! -LRB- Insert `` Sing-a-long '' for drunks ; i.e. `` woo hoo '' -RRB- Never thought eye make-up made a band excite!Well somebody told methat there was a Blur songthat sounded like our song.We did n't invent this frontier at all.We 've got no potentialOur music 's tangential -LRB- insert `` cutting edge/never heard on the radio '' synth-line
 To use the word `` derivative '' in a music review has become cliched but in this case it is apt . Interpol rehashed Joy Division and now Killers are rehashing Interpol . Poorly . But the two-decade lag cycle for `` retro '' to be redefined is holding firm , I imagine we will be palgued by Nirvana ripoff bands in a decade or so .
 seriously , i 'm having a difficult time understanding why anyone would rave about this band . i feel ashamed for having `` stumbled '' across the killers ; it 's like my taste radar must have been turned off that day . i read all these reviews that toss out words like `` retro '' `` glam rock '' `` awesome '' - but do n't be suckered in to believing them . this is trivial music . as it says in the main review , somehow , some jerk attends an oasis concert and gets `` inspired '' and the killers is a result . i 've been to many concerts that inspired me but i did n't take it upon myself to torture the world with my lack of musical ability . and any suggestion that this is an ode to something past is just grasping for something to connect to , because it 's impossible to connect to this music . if it 's retro or glam rock or something that builds on a music idea in the past that you 're looking for , revisit teenage fanclub 's album bandwagonesque . and here 's where we are - reading recommendations by 13 year olds who totally know what 's hot today but have no clue how it fits into a musical context . even granting that , this album does n't even stand up OUT of context , hearing it through ears that have heard no other music . if stranded on a desert island , and the only music on earth was the killers , i 'd choose silence .
 The Killers are a band trying to get in on the new wave of dance-punk bands . There are obvious Cure and Cars influences , and also newer influences such as Franz Ferdinand.I am a fan of Franz Ferdinand because they did something new , there was n't anything like them being played mainstream last spring , until the killers came along with their keyboard and bad vocals.This album starts out with a kick , not a big kick but a kick you might expect from a 3-legged dog with a brain tumor , keyboards , guitars , dance-drumbeats , and mundane vocals that are semi-shouted . As the album progresses nothing changes , no songs stand out , none of it stays with you . It 's extremely forgettable and frankly , it disgusts me.Please do n't spend your money on this slbum if you claim to be a fan of good music . Please .
 I really enjoyed the first 30 seconds of the first video I saw of the Killers . Then I listened to the lyrics . First of all I have heard this song already several times . Secondly , lyrics do n't have to be great poetry , but when they manage to be both dumb and needlessly pretentious ... Having now tried to give the whole album a fair trial , I must pass judgement - they are sad , pompous boys , who like to dress up in other people 's music . Lack of originality would n't be the end of the world , since the melodies are generally pretty strong , but the lyrics ! The lyrics are SO BAD I have trouble sitting through an entire verse -LRB- although I gave them two stars - I have to save a one star rating for things like Gwen Stefani 's album -RRB- . I wish the singer would n't try to pronounce his words like a Brit , either . Urgh.Yeah , I really hate this band .
 This CD was obviously not new . It has a few minor scratches it plays well but the CD box gives it away that it wasnt new . I 'm Very displeased .
 You 'd get the same effect by farting and belching into a microphone . Hey adolescents of the world , would n't THAT be extreme ? Utter garbage from start to finish . No musical quality at all . Talentless hacks .
 This is a bunch of tards with instruments . When I think Death Metal , I think good bands like In Flames , Children of Bodom , Dimmu Borgir , and early Sepultura . NOT garbage like Cannibal Corpse.These guys are completely untalented . I doubt the guitarist -LRB- s -RRB- actually learned how to play guitar , they just decided to attack the strings randomly . And also , the singer sounds like a dog choking on something . As for the drums , I 'm sure the drummer just decided to attack a bunch of drums randomly and double pedal rapidly . And the lyrics are just stupid over-the-top gore lyrics . Just reading them , I imagine a conversation going down like this : `` Oh , I 'm uncreative . What should I do ? `` I HAVE AN IDEA !!!! Write a bunch of lyrics about necrophilia , blood , gore , murdering , and a bunch of other disgusting random things ! `` No , seriously . They really are that stupid . Here 's an example : `` Crawling rodents gorging on meRepulsive starving drovesShredding , stripping , consuming all I wasTissue pulled from bonesDying slowly , feeling every fangShock has yet to comeScavengers tear out my eyesMy pain wo n't end , I have not died `` Brilliant ! That does n't even make sense ! `` Gorging on me '' ??? LOL !!!!!! Not stupid enough ? Here 's another brilliant one : `` Severing , parts and veins in the wayMy insides are on the outside of meMy bones now shatter and explodeThe pain , its destination my brainCa n't hide from beign eaten from inside `` Um , Shatter and Explode ? Wrong order , idiot.I 'll write my own CC song now !!!! Blood , Blood is all I seesplashing down on my pancreasMy intestines falling outAnd my kidneys left to dryBrains splatter all over my bodyBlood followsI feast and drinkOn rotten insidesTonight we shall killand rip out the intestinesAnd glorify infaticideThere , I wrote my own CC song !!!!! Point is , this band just plain sucks . Want good death metal ? Listen to In Flames or Dimmu Borgir . Stay away from this garbage at all cost .
 Slayer is metal , I even like Carcass , but Cannibal Corpse ... just a bunch of retards with instruments and a microphone . I laugh so hard everytime I hear this band . What a joke ! Do they have the cookie monster on vocals or something ? The only thing I can think of that is funnier than this sh*t music is the fans it generates ! I see at least one person a week wearing some lame Cannibal Corpse t-shirt , it 's funny as hell because you know they 're just wearing them for attention and the hope that they will offend someone . It 's comedy to me ... just like Insane Clown Posse ... a bunch of posers ! If I want to be offended , I 'll take GG Allin thank you !
 Yo , this is trash !!!!!!! Who the hell listens to constant screaming and banging like wild animals and blaring guitar through the whole song and groweling like a bear or something ?!!!!!! This is such trash I decided it 's not even worth running over with my car , because it would touch my tires . I wo n't even smash it with a hammer cause it would poison my hammer and I would n't be able to touch that anymore . Cannibal Corpse can f**king rot in hell for the rest of eternity , which is about all they talk about - If by some miracle you can understand a single word spoken on this garbage album . This sh*t gets negative ten stars from me at the very least . Go buy music , not heavy metal .
 Cannibal Corpse is one of if not the worst metal bands of the 80 's and 90 's -LRB- todays `` metal '' is worse though -RRB- , and this is coming out of a person who likes metal and listens to it more than anything else . I do n't see how anyone could think this is deserving of anything over 2 stars . The guitar player is just playing the same chord over and over again and has WAY too much distortion for his own good , the drummer is just banging on the kit with hammers , and the singer , oh my god ... the lyrics are all about gore and crap . This band is just a bunch of posers . If you want death metal I suggest getting Death , old Sepultura , and Obituary instead . Cannibal Corpse are posers .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 THis band does n't improve . Incredible ! THey always play the same stuff , what means
 This is not music , even not death metal . It is just noise . You may think I 'm not a death metal listner but I am . Try , at least , to listen to in flames and see what the real death metal is
 My definition of death metal : loud noise that sounds the same.Yep , the title says it all , this CD is vile.I would tell you what the worst song on the CD is , but I ca n't since they are all the same song.Yep , same drum beats , same distorted guitars , same useless screaming.If you love mindless noise , then be sure to pick up a copy of Vile by Cannibal Corpse.Peace Out .
 This so called `` piece of music '' is the biggest puddle of crap I have ever listened to . I would rather help a 95 year old man put on a jockstrap . To sum this trash up in a sentence I would have to say that this awful band is equivalent to a pile of crap smothered in fesces .
 Anytime a CD by CAnnibal Corpse is old , I 'm sure the guys from the band keeps laughing a lot , imagining there was someone out there so naive to buy their cheap and ridiculous `` music '' and , even worse , to listen to their psicopathic lyrics.From the cover art to the `` music '' , everything in CAnnibal Corpse is made consciently to shock , since they just are no able to play ...
 Hey again have n't checked back here in a wileAnd when I did imagine my surprise when I saw the disillusioned replies I got the one thing I found extremely funny wasHow there was no reply to fear factory or Pantera having a far superior drummer coz we all know its true ... And I believe C.O.B. are classified as Melodic Death Metal so that was an entirely relevant comparison and in some songs Alexi does actually sing properly have you heard the rebel yell cover ??? I only chose iron maiden and Metallica because I thought it might be something you retards might actually know I mean really wot is this some kind of a competition to see who can list the most obscure s * it ??? So you have been listing to bodom since 99 who gives a F*ck ??? Does that make you a big man ??? Help you get to sleep at night just that little bit easier ??? How bout rush or dream theatre or is that still to mainstream ??? oh and by the way I have no idea WTF `` HotTopic '' is I 'm guessing it 's some American thing that must be really embarrassing for someone of your taste and/or musical stature to shop at so if that 's it I 'm ever so offended ... I dunno maybe if I pretend to slit my wrists put on my best diy slipknot mask and listen to this music I might understandTo the other retard since when did `` SHOCK VALUE '' ever equal talent ??? -LRB- Note
 If the thought came to the Backtreet Boys ' heads to become a ` metal ' band , THIS is what they would sound like . Cannibal Corpsesounds like the Backstreet Boys on speed . Or crack -LRB- get it , Crackstreet Boys -RRB- . Corpse is probably the most disgusting band . Is this some sort of joke ? If it is , than it 's not funny anymore . If you can get past the sick covers and bonehead subject matter , than Vile is for you ! Otherwise , listen to Metallica , Slayer , KoRn , Nine Inch Nails , Alice In Chains , anything that is music -LRB- not what CC is -RRB- and has real emotion .
 i did n't know music could this bad , or bands so mentally incapacitated . This is not just boring , derivative , pretentious , silly , but terrible.Apparently Cannibal Corpse thinks that loud , loud loud guitars with screaming , screaming vocals about death , death and blood make them deep , hard and good and interesting . Or maybe they just get hard off of this whole blood-and-guts thing.I mean , just look at the freaking song titles . They could be a parody of every other death metal band out there . Not so much music as the soundtrack to the life of a teenager consumed with continual gothic angst , this album is only good if you like to repeatedly stab yourself and wear about 10 pounds of piercings , and need something to keep yourself occupied.Otherwise , would any sane person touch this ? rhetorical question , folks.P.S . hey , i just wrote a cannibal corpse album ! here are the tracks :1 . Rotting2 . Spikes and Chains3 . Eternal Bondage4 . Infestation5 . Blood Maggots6 . Whip and Bleed7 . Cadaverous8 . Flesh Butcher9 . Horror of the Night10 . Drawn , Quartered and Impaled11 . Desecrate
 Just like the rest of their music , which is all just mindless noise.I 've had MUCH better times breaking my arm and having a couple of teeth pulled than listening to this horsecrap these mindless fools call music .
 This review will sort of sum up my thoughts on both Vile , Gallery of Suicide , BloodthirstandGore Obsessed , because most of them suffer from the same problem - repetitiveness . I feel that Vile is probably their weakest album to date , even with Corpsegrinder stepping in to take over for Chris Barnes . Sure , he did a solid job on vocals , and yes , the band are still technically proficient , but they just kept hammering out album after album without much thought or inspiration . The only part of this album that might make you snicker is the song title `` Orgasm Through Torture '' , which I 'll admit is a little disturbing.Out of these four , I 'd definitely recommend checking outGallery of Suicide . While it 's not a fantastic album , it 's the best of the worst , making it somewhat decent . Vile , BloodthirstandGore Obsessedwere uninspired compared to what was to follow , I 'd rate them all 1.5 out of 5 at the very most.Gallery of Suicideis probably a 2.5 - it was also arguably the album where they reached their current -LRB- much recognizable -RRB- `` sound '' .
 In my opinion , this is Cannibal Corpses 's worst release . I loved Butchered at Birth and Tomb of the Mutilated but this is very disappointing . Corpsegrinders vocals are the worst on this album and their songwriting abilities are at an all time low . If Chris Barnes was still with the group at the time , he could have really helped this album out . I do however tend to pop this in my CD player from time to time .
 So when will Cannibal Corpse go away ? Even their name is a sick joke . Do n't listen to people who back CC . Cause they are sick , twisted perverts just like CC themselves . Vile is no exception to how bad Cannibal Corpse is
 At the moment i have been listening to a lot of opeth and i was recommended to listen to morbid angel -LRB- which are harder and louder than opeth -RRB- . So i listened to some morbid angel stuff and thought it was ok ... . i was then recommended to try out cannibal corpse . So i did the same as i did before and tryed them out and ... well ... lets just say i wasnt impressed . I do like a variety of music from punk to death metal but this is just poor ! The lyrics are terrible with stupid track titles and the singer has no talent at all -LRB- compared to mikael from opeth -RRB- ! If you 're interested in listening to boring , obscure , original music then maybe you should try out this pathetic band . If you 're interested in listening to progressive/death metal with superb lyrics and musical talent then try out opeth.I rest my case .
 That 's right ! The title speaks for itself . This is one of the most repugnant CDs on the planet . Cannibal Corpse never fails to show how bad they are . Like I said , the `` music '' on this album is what the title says it is , other than the fact that it 's sick and shows no form of musical skill and talent . The drumming is completely off-beat , repeating the same rhythm over and over . The guitar riffs are basically the same repeated three-chords noise with each song . Cannibal Corpse is trash .
 Ok so I do n't really like death metal at all ... but that does n't mean my opinion here is n't validohh by the way I just used the kid review button coz I could n't be stuffed registering.This is total garbage you ca n't understand a word of the vocals and even on the rare occasion where u can u would n't want toIt basically like the misfits -LRB- who are awesome and totally rock -RRB- but about 80 times over the edge to the point where the lyrics are just stupid and the singing is worse . -LRB- It 's not even singing but that 's irrelevant what is relevant tho is the music cant back up where the singing lets out unlike a superior band * coughs * Children Of Bodom -RRB- I mean who really wants to hear some dude scream kill slash etc for like an hour , these people obversely need therapy but that 's not even the point the point is at least the misfits had some since of a decent song and it was funny and sorta a parody of old b horror movies unlike these try hard losers who are trying to be `` hardcore '' with the music at all costs , it 's really pathetic wen melody and intelligence gets substituted for noise.If u want a decent death metal band check out children of bodom they kick S * it outa these lame idiots , even though they scream a lot also at least they can play there instruments very well . I mean freakishly well if you have ever heard their keyboards vs. guitar track you would know what I mean.The instrumental on this cd is a joke it 's just noise the drums are ridicules if you want an instrumental that 's insane and rocks check out : Iron Maiden - TransylvaniaMetallica - Orion , pulling teeth -LRB- more of a bass solo with drums but hey -RRB- also for all you losers who love that argument screaming like how he does is hard it takes talent bla bla etc. who cares it sounds like crap why would I wan na sing like that it 's just a pitiful attempt to heavy up a sound that 's already stupidly heavy.I mean wot is the obsession with low tunings any way maybe they just use it as an excuse as to why they ca n't play well I dunno they sound like crap drop d is about as far as anyone needs to go . and for your information playing a whole lot of 0 's really fast on the top string is about all these bands do it 's so lameyet the disillusioned follow like sheep . go listen to the black label society or pantera they are as heavy and are way better musiciansand finally the drums lest see how fast I can hit something and keep the same beat for every song , ohh look I have a double bass peddle . panteras drummer kills this loser at least there is some variation . and it does n't touch fear factory there drummer is awesomeI 'm not gona bother individually reviewing songs cos it 's a waist of my time any yours in closeting do n't buy this crap support the War against Musical Incompetence -LRB- W.A.M.I. -RRB- and listen to something decent like Iron Maiden ... have a nice day
 Vile by cannibal corpse sucks because this album not only gives me a big headache but also sounds the same every time as the previous song . I try giving cannibal corpse a chance but it just doesnt work ... They just dont do it for me , im sorry . Now , if you guys want to listing to some good solid death metal that doesnt give an headache and you can actullie understand what the singer is sayng pick up `` other '' arist `` s '' ... Nile , suffocation , morbid angel , napalm death , garden of shadows , borknagar , daylightdies , the crown,amorphis,origin,hate-eternal , obituary , acoustic torment , at the gates , the haunted , dark tranquiliti , darkane , dyinfetus , eye hate god etc. . . In other words , real death metal , not pointless horrible noise ... bands , that choose to be call `` death metal '' . Laters !
 Her first album was beyond brilliant . The second showed great depth . Her third suggests she needs better management .
 She sounds like a Broadway trained actress trying to sing jazz . She just does ` nt make it . Her vibrato is much too wide for a jazz singer . Forget this one , unless you like the Broadway Effect
 I picked up this CD based on a friend 's recommendation who is a big fan of Audra 's . He also reads a lot of reviews and usually likes whats in vogue to like based on critics ' recommendations . Funny thing is . . hes seen Phantom of the Opera more than any Sondheim show , but would never admit it to anyone.In my opinion , the same type of cliquish hysteria surrounds Audra MacDonald who is vastly overrated IMO . Because one prominent critic has called her the next Streisand , the `` in crowd '' flock to her , but her sales have yet to take off on any of her recordings.MacDonald 's voice is certainly well trained , but at the expense of perhaps honesty and purity . Her song selections and style seem like shes trying to impress critics rather than win over listeners and give us something personal . Every song on this CD sounds like any cabaret or even lounge act out there , but with more forgettable songs . In my opinion , her range is also very limited.I really doubt this CD will get much play . . unless of course you 're one of the `` in '' broadway crowd .
 I have to admit ... . what prompted me to buy Obispo 's `` Superflu '' was his latest album `` Soledad '' . I bought `` Soledad '' first . The songs on `` Soledad '' definitely sound sexier and believe it or not , he sounds sexier too!I listened to `` Superflu '' once or twice , took it out of my CD player ... . and it 's now collecting er , dust . It had nearly put me to sleep . Snore.I 'm still listening to `` Soledad '' and it must be 20 , 30 , 40 times already maybe ?
 As a French listener , and in the name of the French Nation , I adress myself to the Anglo-Saxon people to beg for their mercy . I solemnly declare I am sorry such a thing as an obispo song ever touched your kind ears , and my only consolation is you probably did n't quite understand the words . Then , I could say it 's a fair revenge , considering for how long we 've been blissfully listening to terrific sounding protest or love songs in English the translation of which would leave us abashed and amazed . Let me tell you , a song such as `` Lucie '' is the stupidest song ever written , and to hear and see the shaved halfwit sing it with deep expressions of suffering on his face makes me sick before I have time to laugh .
 As a French listener , and in the name of the French Nation , I adress myself to the Anglo-Saxon people to beg for their mercy . I solemnly declare I am sorry such a thing as an obispo song ever touched your kind ears , and my only consolation is you probably did n't quite understand the words . Then , I could say it 's a fair revenge , considering for how long we 've been blissfully listening to terrific sounding protest or love songs in English the translation of which would leave us abashed and amazed . Let me tell you , a song such as `` Lucie '' is the stupidest song ever written , and to hear and see the shaved halfwit sing it with deep expressions of suffering on his face makes me sick before I have time to laugh .
 This is the band 's third release and just about as lame as CANNIBAL CORPSE and DEICIDE , worse in some categories . Typical gutteral , one-dimensional , dull , over-the-top , Death Metal played with no sense of imagination or creativity whatsoever . I 've heard worse but this ai n't far off .
 After listened to the samples of the songs I was not that excited about the music . I still purchase this CD anyway based on Amazon reviewers that gave rave remarks . I thought maybe there was much more to this music than the samples would allow me to hear , so I purchased it and was very disappointed . Every song sounds the same , showing no creativity.I should have just listened to the samples to make my decission and never made the purchase .
 I purchased this CD for my girlfriend who loves neo-soul and we both disliked this CD . The songs are flat and not well delivered . I went on the advice of positive reviews which was a mistake because I should have also read the negative reviews before making my purchase . I would recommend Ledisi-Lost & Found , she has a song entitled `` In the Morning '' a real chart making hit for neo-soul . All tracks on that CD are excellent .
 I listened to `` Piece of Mind '' religiously for almost two years . It never left my disc changer . `` Concious '' has two or three notable songs . But it does not have the consistency of `` Piece of Mind . '' She seems to be aiming for commercial success . She does not take as many risks with this one and there is too much filler .
 CONSCIOUS by Julie Dexter was a very big dissappointment . It was my first CD by this artist and might just be the last . This is one of the CD 's you buy and listen to it and then set it aside for your next yard sale . There is just nothing special here .
 this cd is wack and there a bunch of 14 and 15 year olds who try to imitate lil jon 's style and the crunk style and is really annoying as hell and its too commercial and retarded , so knuck for young buck !
 i 'm seeing all these rave reviews for this dvd , but i thought it was pretty lame . i realize the dvd was n't targeted towards me , but even my 18 month old seemes to agree with me . the `` tummy tots '' are irritating to say the least , and i do n't really care for the way that she introduces the different words . the baby einstein videos seem to be more effective and my son definitely enjoys them more ... maybe i should watch this one again with my son and see if there 's something we missed ... ???
 I can not imagine where these good reviews are coming from . I buy hundreds of books and DVDs from Amazon each year , but I am too busy to write reviews unless I think the product is gravely misrepresented . My child has a hearing disability
 This DVD was painfully bad . It looked like someone created it in their garage and the content was weak . If you 're used to DVDs like `` Baby Einstein '' or even `` Baby Babble '' , you 're unlikely to be satisfied with this .
 I could n't wait to get this CD , being a guitarist myself . Just give me straight Jimmy Ponder , not horns and other `` jazz types '' . I am disappointed . Cuts two and four are the best . They are Jimmy . Too bad I could n't have listened to cuts first , I would not have bought this CD . Sorry ! The cuts of just Jimmy are great though , but too few ... : -LRB-
 HOW can anyone give this even 4 stars , much less 5 ?!? And who on earth put this on a list of the best prog rock ?!?!? Whoever it was MUST be a member of the band !! Do n't get me wrong , it 's not the worst attempt at progressive rock I have ever heard , at least it 's listenable . But it certainly does n't belong on the same list with Dream Theater , Porcupine Tree , Fates Warning or Queensryche , much less masters like Rush , Yes and ELP !!! Sorry guys but this album is VERY pedestrian , very 2nd rate . Within the 1st 5 songs I got the feeling that what I was listening to was a bunch of college music majors who decided to get together and form a prog-rock band . And then could n't decide whether they wanted to sound like Queensryche -LRB- especially the vocals -RRB- , Rush or Yes !!!!!!!!!!! Not one single song really stood out !!! There is MUCH better stuff to spend your money on , lots of it , and I 'm glad I bought a used copy . If I had of paid $ 14-15 I would have been pissed !! But I will say this , since it 's a debuet I 'd be willing to listen to more to see if they evolve . But , considering this CD came out 10 years ago ... I 'm not holding my breath !!
 Divine Regale trys to pull off a progressive sound , but they just overdid it . I bet these guys spent six months overdubbing in the studio , and most of it would probably be vocals . At times it sounds like the London Boys Choir or something along those lines . I did my usual mandatory three time listening session with this CD and have n't touched it since . I 'd suggest you do the latter .
 I would expect such ridiculousness from someone who is in Slipknot but I 'm disappointed in Tripp Eisen for contributing to this monstrosity . The lyrics are really dumb and cheesy . I do see a Marilyn Manson ripoff here but I see a Dope ripoff even more . This is 2 out of 2 for dumb side projects that members of Slipknot have contributed to . Keep up the good work , guys .
 This is a side project of one of the Slipknot members , Joey Jordison . Alot of Slipknot fans like it , so right off the bat you can tell not much good is gon na come out of it . The guitar is alright . Tripp Eisen is a reasonably good guitarist , and has some cool riffs here and there , but the rhythm section is very weak , and Wednesday 13s vocals are just bad . The lyrics are also very bad . . pretty much just cheesy B horror movie garbage . This is an album that all of the maggots and mall goths are probably going to buy and love , but for anyone whos into real metal ... or . . music , for that matter , not recommended .
 I thought I would have liked this CD I really did . I think back and ask myself why ? 1 . I am a Slipknot fan .2 . I love Horror Movies .3 . Murder intrigues me .4 . Murderdolls ? Funny name .5 . Kill Miss America ? I AgreeWhy they are now on my top 10 most hated band list .1 . Could the singer have anymore of an annoying voice ? 2 . Could the singer actually write some real lyrics ? Twist my Sister is possibly the most retarded song I have ever heard .3 . There 's nothing special with the Drums at all .4 . Bass ? 5 . Norman Bates how are your rates ? LEATHERFACE remove my face ????? Ok now you drag my favorite slasher into your crappy songs , that crosses the line ! 6 . I wish the singer did slit his wrists .7 . The singers name is WEDNESDAY 13 ! The positive things about this CD1 . The beginning of Grave-robbing USA is pretty funny .2 . the solos and guitar work is pretty good , but I 've heard much better .3 . Repeat.Why I am no longer surprised.One of Joey 's favorite bands growing up was KISS.What makes it even worse?Now they re-release this terrible CD with bonus songs and a DVD.If you 're a Slipknot fan and you are pondering if you should purchase their CD , I advise you DO N'T . -LRB- I am not a Static-X fan so I do n't know what to say to their fans . -RRB- While Joey is a Fantastic Drummer and an above average Guitarist -LRB- the average is pretty low nowadays -RRB- just because his name is in this band does n't guarantee that it 's good . I do n't really know what category of music it belongs in , does it go in rock ? metal ? punk ? Garbage ?
 Ok , they have some musical talent with Joey and Tripp . But my main major problem with this group is the vocalist , wensday or whatever his name is . He drags everything down . What the hell is wrong with his voice . It sounds like hes talking through a voicebox or choking on a hairball . I 've given this band chances to grow on me , but they never have . I love Slipknot , Static-X , and Stonesour . But i hate murderdolls .
 Too bad there is n't a `` 0 '' star rating . How many more crappy bands will get record deals . The look is Marilyn Manson the sound is the typical I was abused as a child scream in the mic . Has n't this been done before ? Yes by many other crappy bands . Try listening to some REAL sci-fi , horror movie music , THE MISFITS . 5 minutes of my life were wasted just listening to this .
 This album is horrible considering this band is a big ripoff of every other shock rock band . This band is so not originalthey are -LSB- imitations of -RSB- Alice Cooper , M.Manson , White Zombie , Rob Zombie.I bought this album all cause of one of the members in the Murderdolls is also apart of Static-X which Rock ! Sadly there are only2 worthy songs that are actually good on this album , and theyare `` Dead In Hollywood , and `` Dawn Of the Dead , so yourbetter off downloading those 2 songs that I mentioned cause the rest of the album is a big pile of -LRB- you know what -RRB- If you like pointless non meaningful crumby plain out bad music , this album is for you , but take it for me , dont waste your money on the Murderdolls , I am just hoping the Murderdollsnever ever release another album ...
 This band is completely stupid.Not one whole song on this CD is worth talking about .197666 and Lets Go To War are 2 of the most stupidest songs I have ever heard in my life.Beware of -LSB- word -RSB- I Do n't Care and Slit My Wrist , both of them are also completely horrible.As a matter of fact , all of the songs are stupid.Do not buy this Marilyn Manson/Dope rip-off . You will be completely dissapointed.Peace Out .
 I expected so much more from Slipknot ad Static X members ... so much more . To me this is nothing more then a Manson/Dope -LSB- copy -RSB- . Sounds like glam rock and punk put together , this does not add up to a good cd for me . I wo n't even go into how dumb sounding and juvenile the lyrics are . I just hope I can find a store that will at least give m a few bucks or this worthless piece of plastic . Btw I would have give it zero stars if that was possible ...
 My friend bought this and lent it to me , I was really annoyed with how every song sounded the same , I could n't tell them apart ! And another thing , who could understand what the heck the lead singer was saying ? And what horrible lyrics , not every band that is `` goth '' or whatever has lyrics saying slit my wrists or cut my throat etc.What a good message to give to people , I know teenagers are smarter to understand not to cut themselves when they hear music like this , but when I was walking down the street and spotted a girl wearing a Murderdolls t-shirt and her arms were all cut up and carved with swears and upside down crosses , I thought
 This is the first album I 've ever listened to and stopped 10 songs in , knowing full well it 'd be on the top of my pile the next time I go to the used-CD store . `` Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls '' was an impulse buy that seemed intriguing -LRB- I also thought , with a name like that , the singer would be a FEMALE -RRB- at first , but turned into a nightmare -LRB- for reasons that have nothing to do with the album 's subject matter or music -RRB- . The Murderdolls are a ... amalgam of other horrible bands in the modern music scene . The lyrics -LRB- necrophilia , murder , horror movies , blah -RRB- and song titles are reminiscent of Rob Zombie ; the gratuitous swearing -LRB- F-word for the sake of saying the F-word , how edgy and rebellious -RRB- and lame jabs at humor are pure Insane Clown Posse ; and the band 's whole ` image ' is lifted straight from the Orgy/Marilyn Manson camp . Unless you 're a Hot Topic mall-walking Goth clone , there 's no reason to buy this -LRB- especially at a retail store -RRB- . My only advice to the Murderdolls is to hire a female singer and someone who can actually write lyrics , because as it stands , `` Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls '' is the extended whine of spoiled suburban males in makeup trying to sound tough . Al Jourgensen could wipe the floor with these losers .
 First of all , whoever said this album has death metal in it , obviously has no clue what death metal is . I know , because I love death metal . -LRB- Deicide , Cannibal Corpse , Six Feet Under , Nile , Decapitated , Skinless , Dying Fetus etc. -RRB- Secondly , I also love punk rock , as you can tell by my name . Now , Alot of people say this album has punk elements to it which it does , but gee , uh , did ` nt a really great legendary punk band already do this about 27 or so years ago ? Thats right the Misfits . I know theres obvioulsy many differences between the 2 bands , but the overall meaning of the music is the same.This album is ok , but its been done before ... many times .
 Throw Joey Jordison -LRB- the best damn drummer there is -RRB- and Tripp Eisen -LRB- from Static-X -RRB- into a blender and what do you get ? A side project that brings nothing but embarrasingly bad lyrics , and typical everything else . There look may appeal to some but its nothing youve never seen before . The vocalists voice sounds raspy and feminine , and is reminiscent of Marilyn Manson . Their lyrics cover the same area of old horror movies and murder , which was already perfected by Rob Zombie . I really expected alot from such talented musicians like Joey and Tripp , but this cd is a steaming pile of -LSB- you know what -RSB- . The only song I half-enjoyed was `` Dawn of the Dead '' . If you enjoy violent glam-rock give this cd a try but their music is so shallow and unoriginal . A big disappointment.Instead try such excellent artists as
 I first saw a commercial of Murderdolls in a Hit Parader magazine . I thought it was just another stupid black-metal band , until at the bottom I saw it said `` Featuring Joey Jordison of Slipknot and Tripp Eisen of Static-X '' . I thought it would be great , on the account that I like both of those bands . I was wrong . How this Cd 's getting better reviews than Stone Sour is beyond me . Every song sounds the same . ... The lyrics are stupid , cheesy , and not at all original . I mean , `` Love at first fright '' ??? That 's not very creative ... 1 . Slit My Wrist-4 / 5-One of the only songs worth while . Starts off with some opera based-orchastra thing , then goes into a normal rock song .2 . Twist My Sister-4-5-The lyrics in this are awful , but I like the music .3 . Dead in Hollywood-3 / 5-Ughh . I think this is the album 's first single . The music is ok . The lyrics ruin it . -LRB- `` He Norman Bates ... How are your rates ? Hey Frankenstein ... What 's on your mind ?????? '' -RRB- 4 . Love at First Fright-0 / 5-I always skip this . Ridicoulus lyrics . Have you seen `` The Exocist '' , 'cause this is a complete -LSB- take -RSB- of it .5 . People Hate Me-5 / 5-Probably my 2nd favorite . It 's the longest song on the album , about 4 minutes . Most of the songs are 2 . Another bad thing .6 . She Was a Teenage Zombie-3 / 5-Another stupid song , this time both lyrically and musically .7 . Die My Bride-0 / 5-I HATE THIS . It 's lyrics are stupid , unisnspired , and just plain annoying .8 . Grave Robbing U.S.A.-4 / 5-I ca n't reallt explain this ... it 's weird.9.197666-3 / 5-It 'd be a 4 , but I give it a 3 because it 's so short . Yoy can tell they did n't put very much time into this .10 . Dawn of the Dead-0 / 5-Dumb .11 . Let 's Go to War-5 / 5-My favorite song on the album . The only one with good music & good lyrics . The intro 's cool , with a unique guitar sound , and the lyrics are very catchy .12 . Dressed to Depress-0 / 5-The name says it all .13 . Kill Miss America-0 / 5-See # 10.14.B-Movie Scream Queen-0 / 5-See previous .15 . Motherf * cker I Do n't Care-0 / 5 - ... Yeah ... If you are either a Slipknot or Static-X fan , DO NOT buy this Cd with hopes that 'll sound like either of the bands . It sounds like a cheap Marilyn Manson -LSB- take -RSB- or a -LSB- take -RSB- of Dope 's first Cd , ... Each track runs in at about 2 minutes and 15 seconds , so it dose n't last very long . I suggest you get Stone Sour , because this band if pretty much a waste . 7 minutes of hearing Wednesday 13 's voice is enough for me . ONLY get this if you are a die-hard Slipknot or Static-X fan , and get it CHEAP .
 This is complete garbage , 197666 has to be the WORST song i have ever heard in my life
 About 2 years ago , I decided to check out this band . I was listening to the heavy metal section of the radio , which is late at night , and I heard a cover of Billy Idol 's `` White Wedding '' , and I found out that it was by the Murderdolls -LRB- this track does n't appear on this disc ... -RRB- . I decided to learn about this band , and I found out that Slipknot drummer Joey Jordison and -LSB- former -RSB- Static-X/Dope guitarist Tripp Eisen played for this band . Well , I was a fan of both bands -LRB- and I still am -RRB- , and I decided to download some songs . I liked the song `` Dead In Hollywood '' , but `` Love At First Fright '' was an extremely annoying song . What throws this disc off is the annoying vocals from Wednesday 13 . I might as well be listening to a Misfits CD -LRB- Misfits rule -RRB- . Anyways , I do n't recommend this . Maybe download a track or two , but Joey should keep playing in Slipknot and Tripp ... well , he 's accussed of child molestation and he 's kicked out of Static-X , so I do n't know what he should do . For a good side-project by a member of Slipknot , check out Stone Sour 's CD , the band Corey Taylor originally played in before he formed Slipknot -LRB- although the CD was released in late 2002 -RRB- .
 Just the right band to appeal to these Mall dwelling , Hot topic , rebellious teens ...
 I myself is a Slipknot Fan , love their work . Now anyone who thinks i would buy this trash just because of Joey Jordsons work in slipknot is on crack . All i see is a wan na be Different Song writer writting songs like a depressed 14 yr old would write after a fight with his parents . Please if you like music , respect song writting ... Skip this . Nothing but i want to kill everyone type bullSh #t that the world doesnt need .
 IF YOU LOOOOVVVE SLIPKNOT , YOU 'LL ... scratch your head and wonder why you 're such a stupid Slipknot junky for wasting hard-earned $ $ $ buying garbage with Slipknots name on it ... Do n't feel bad ... you 're not alone.Slipknot , this is n't . This is the '04 version of the '80s hair-band , Poison . This CD is as useless as an AOL CD . File under
 what of the worst bands ever . to record a album .
 This album proves that some of these Nu Metal guys actually have a sense of humor . The brainchild of Joey Jordison -LRB- Slipknot -RRB- , Murderdolls take 1 part Skid Row , 1 part New York Dolls , and 1 part Marilyn Manson to create an enjoyable , if derivitive , debut.Jordison handles all the instruments here except for the occasional guitar solo by Tripp Eisen -LRB- Static X , Crazytown -RRB- ; vocals are handled by some dude named Wednesday . There 's nothing new here you have n't heard a million times before , especially if you were around for the 80 's glam that this stuff takes its cues from , but it is undeniably fun in a guilty pleasure sort of way . The lyrics are ridiculous but that 's what makes it work.If you are a fan of Slipknot and feel that anything smelling of `` hair metal '' or `` 80 's arena rock '' is not worth your time , do yourself a favor and do n't buy this record . If you enjoy Skid Row , WASP , the Dolls , the Ramones , and possess a sense of humor , you will enjoy this . It 's like musical fast food - fun while it 's in the player , and quickly forgotten .
 A possible rip-off , although this time it 's a CD and not a memoir . This import CD has a great title and great packaging . You want it to add something to Bukowskiana . Opening the vinyl packaging fills one with anticipation . It looks good , but alas , what you get is a silly documentary of Buk 's life narrated by someone sounding very much like a posh twit . The sound bites of Bukowski are poorly recorded , virtually inaudible and laughingly inserted in all the wrong places . The liner notes on the back of the CD contain misinformation about a quote attributed to Jean-Paul Sartre . It is common knowledge to all Buk fans that there is no record of any such quote anywhere.What were the producers thinking ? A much better CD is the easily available `` HOSTAGE '' . This is an unedited recording of a Bukowski reading without any silly commentary or ludicrous ` background ' music . Hostage is raw and pure Bukowski . `` Neither Bought For Gold , Nor To The Devil Sold is a waste of time .
 This is about as raw as black metal gets . The good things about this CD is that this is also about as `` evil '' - sounding as black metal -LRB- and therefore any other kind of music -RRB- gets , and it is rather unique in that regard . The downside , however , is that the music music is very monotonous and most of the songs are n't even worth listening to . It takes a little getting used to for those not already acquainted with this style of black metal , so do n't buy this unless you 're really looking to expand your existing black metal collection -LRB- in other words , you should already have one -RRB- .
 All the elements appear to be in place on this one
 These guys just like enthroned and lord belial are just here to annoy . All the songs sound identical with boring riffs and squawked vocals . The real stuff is emperor , dark throne and mayhem .
 Simply put , Dark Funeral is trying too hard . Satan this and Satan that , Kill christ , die christ , blah blah blah . Along with Cradle of Clowns , this guys are Poser black metal indeed . They repeat chords , sounds , and vokills -LRB- coughs , excuse me -RRB- just like Cradle of Clowns -LRB- Filth -RRB- . One of the Worst black metal albums ever .
 to all heathens , satanists , Odinists , whatever , please stop with all this Kiss paint , inverted crosses and pentagrams . it is very childish . as Anton LaVey would say , `` The black metallers might as well be Christians '' he says this because even though they are `` evil '' their satanism is the Christian-defined satanism , which really makes it hard for people to take them seriously . But besides that , the music here is boring , redundant , and not `` evil '' in the least bit . Better luck next time .
 Well , i wasn impress by this band known as dark funeral ... Their music is mediocre and way to repetetive plus whil listining to this i did n't hear any talent whats so ever ! If their porpuse was to sound `` scary '' & `` satanic '' they failed at it badly -LRB- laughs -RRB- !! The top and best black metal band by far is cradel of filth and they 'll remain at the top ... That is not to say bands such as darkthrone , dimmuborgir & vehemence are not doing their job . Well , if you want good black metal with real satanic lirycs & scary subject matters buy any album by cradel of filth and you 'll be all set ... Dont buy dark funeral 's `` the secrets of black arts '' not only its boring but repetetive & un original in other words dark funeral is a rip-off so skip this !
 These guys were some of the first to ever combine melody in Swedish death metal , and they did put out two quality albums before this disaster . Entombed and other bands went death n ' roll , much to my dismay , and Desultory followed , sacrificing their original and crushing sound . This sounds most like recent Corrosion of Conformity albums , but much , much stupider . The last two tracks are more in their old style . You can tell that from the shaved heads -LRB- are these the same guys who made `` Bitterness ? '' Nah ... -RRB- , the new `` logo , '' and idiotic song titles that this is not like their old stuff . Hey ! Stop taking uppers and get depressed again !
 the once mighty swedish death metal band DESULTORY have been kicked out of hell for making this album . Great demos and even their death-n-roll Into Eternity and Bitterness albums had solid , heavy and catchy METAL . Swallow the Snake is just an embarassment or a way to cash in to become more mainstream . When will real metal bands realize that is n't what metal is about ?
 I heard from a number of people that Amon Amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , I though I 'd try OSFTGH . What I hear , and it certainly seems I 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . Just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and `` it 's your time to die '' does not mean you can create `` authentic '' Viking/metal . These idiots could definitely take lessons from
 I was expecting more of a `` how to . '' This DVD is not for you if you are looking at learning how to scratch , mix or DJ . This DVD is more a history of DJing . It does go into minor detail of what the DJs interviewed did to become popular . Although they do n't teach you how to do juggle or battle , it was pretty cool to watch the DJs do their thing.The main -LRB- and only -RRB- thing I found useful on this dvd was this bit of advice
 Ok this is the first six feet under cd I ever heard and I liked it when I first heard it so I got it ... It was still good but after I got Haunted , Maximum Violence , and True Carnage and went back to this one somehow it lost what was good about it ... . If you are EXTREMELY NEW to death metal just try out the cd if you like it get it and expand off it If you dont then try some other bands
 as a fan of death metal , i am almost ashamed to admit that i bought this ... thing . i guess this is what happens when someone takes themselves a bit too seriously . what are you doing , barnes ? rapping -LRB- kind of anyway -RRB- . this is absolute nonsense . if you like korn , but fashion yourself as a `` metal fan '' get this it is just the bridge that you are looking for ; otherwise get as far from this page as possible and do not look back ... future releases from this band , regardless of their pedigree , will probably only get worse ...
 this CD makes you feel tortured and horrid inside of yourself , it is absolutely disgusting satanic music . `` I will cut out my eyes , rip out my toungue , i should just puncture ears '' are some of the disgusting and stupid death metal lyrics in this abosulutly sickening cd . PARENTS DO NOT LET YOUR CHILDREN BE EXPOSED TO SUCH CRAP , KORN AND PANTERA ARE MUCH BETTER CHOICES IF YOU ARE PREPARED TO LET YOUR CHILDREN LISTEN TO SUCH GARBAGE .
 three simple words
 Maximum Violence is great and so is Haunted , but this , this I do n't know ... this pretty boring stuff . Haunted at least had some interesting songs and riffs , and Maximum Violence is probably Six Feet Under at its darkest and heaviest , but Warpath offers nothing but a couple of good songs and a bunch of yawns . The only real songs I liked on this album were `` War Is Coming '' and `` 4:20 . '' That 's about it , and those are n't really anything when compared to songs like `` The Enemy Inside '' -LRB- Haunted -RRB- and `` Bonsaw . '' -LRB- Maximum Violence -RRB- So in short , this album can easily be passed by . Pick up Maximum Violence or Haunted . Warpath is for real hard-hard-hard-core Six Feet Under fans only .
 I admit I was interested in this album for the first 2 maybe 3 listens but after that this album just gets so boring . They play very few chords and the music is not very brutal and the vocals/lyrics are nothing threatening at all . This could best be described as stoner death metal due to their songs about grass and the overall laid back feel of this whole CD . I dont listen to this anymore unless I want to chill back and relax . I am more into the extreme forms of death metal ... . Oh yeah Maximum Violence and True Carnage are much more brutal than this , this album was a mistake , should have never happened . Well , thats all I got ta say .
 Okay , first off , I 'm not going to simply say `` This album sucks '' or `` This album rules '' , because in some ways it is good but in others bad . For the good , it is heavy , headbangable , and Chris Barnes has developed a -LRB- somewhat -RRB- less monotone growl . However , if you listen , 90 percent of the riffs are near direct rip-offs of Obituary riffs , possibly due to Allen West being in the band . Even if the guitars were original , they are still boring , as most songs consist of 3 or 4 downtuned power chords , and are simple enough to learn after hearing the song 1 time . Also , there are few time changes , or other twists and turns to make the songs interesting ; most songs simply have the same rythm and riffs for most of the song . When listening to it for the first time , I had to change each song after 2 minutes because it just got so damn boring . The only good songs are `` War is Coming '' , and `` Revenge of the Zombie ''
 Watching grass grow . Watching Paint dry . Listening to Warpath . I would rather do the first two things . A complete lack of originality . Is it just me , or does the opening riff to `` Nonexistance '' sound almost exactly like Obituary 's `` By the Light '' ? I think Allen West better quit ripping off riffs from Obituary for sfu . Waste of time ? Yes ! You can do a heck of a lot better with bands that are original and actually have there own sound !
 Chris Barnes . Throughout this guys career , he has created controversy . When you think of him , you think of an -LSB- ... -RSB- . With his first band , the infamous Cannibal Corpse , he made a name for himself in the metal scene . How ? With Cannibal Corpse , he took over the lyrics and out came the two most controversial albums during that time , 1991 's `` Butchered At Birth '' and 1992 's `` Tomb Of The Mutilated '' . After the release of the less-gory `` The Bleeding '' in 1994 , he was kicked out of Cannibal Corpse and formed Six Feet Under . Always outspoken , Barnes has become more of a symbol in my opinion than a death metal singer . One , he is not that good of a growler compared to legends in the genre like , maybe , his replacement for Cannibal Corpse , George Fisher . But , as an outspoken individual , he used Six Feet Under as his cry to legalize marijuana . His gory lyrics were toned down a bit , and he focused more on the pot thing than the gore thing . He is either loved or hated , and most people , included mothers and politicians all over the country , hate this guy.Allen West . Having the lead guitarist of Obituary in your side project is a big feat . West is a great guitarist , and if you ask anybody they will tell you that Obituary was a great band with some awesome riffs . Throw in a former Death musician and you would think that you have a great band . The only problem was , the riffs were extremely simple in Six Feet Under 's first two albums , `` Haunted '' and `` Warpath '' . Simplicity in death metal is not good . Especially in a crowded genre with so many talented bands . Chris was just worried about making his statement on marijuana , and because of that many Cannibal Corpse fan 's -LRB- including myself -RRB- felt like they wasted money on those two boring first albums . I never tried Six Feet Under again , unless you count hearing some of their newer stuff at a friend 's house or wherever . From other reviewers and the metal brethren alike , I hear that it is really not the much different from anything else , and they even did a huge project of covering AC/DC songs . I really do n't get it.Anyway , this album has boring riffs , simple song structure and uninspired solos , and they are not present on many songs . Compared to Cannibal Corpse and Obituary , the two main member 's former band 's , you wonder what in God 's name they are thinking ? Maybe stoner metal ? Maybe a shot at the mainstream ? I really think that they were aiming for the mainstream metal crowd , which makes death metal fans cringe . Something you would expect from Chris Barnes , but not Allen West . In this album , `` Warpath '' , there is only one or two good songs . My favorite being `` Caged And Disgraced '' . Even though the riff is cool , it got old very quickly and it is n't even brutal or anything . This album , and most of Six Feet Under 's later albums were just Barnes trying to legalize marijuana . I guess that both of these guys actually forgot that death metal is about the music , not about a point . Even though Barnes did create a fuss with Cannibal Corpse ... If you are looking for blistering guitar solos , lightning fast double-pedal drumming with blast beats and gravity blasts , or extremely intense bass solo 's , then Six Feet Under is not for you . Chris Barnes ' vocals are not the best , but he at least did better here in Six Feet Under then in the first four Cannibal Corpse CD 's . Nontheless , if you want to sit back and smoke a blunt or you are the biggest newbie to the genre , then Six Feet Under is probably for you . Just an extreme disappointment from two legends who formerly made great music with their former bands . This what happens when a death metal band goes mainstream . They forget about the music and go for the point they are trying to make . I give this two stars because there are some good riffs in there , but the song structure is just so boring that you forget it in about a week and are just disappointed that you supported musicians who seem to not take music seriously anymore like they once did very well .
 Oh man . Haunted was bad . This is just complete garbage . How can Barnes go from a great band like Cannibal Corpse to a band with such a complete lack of skill ? There is no originality here , every song uses the same THREE power chords , which , oddly , are the exact same three chords used in almost every Obituary song . Now that I think about it , every song on this album and Haunted sounds like an Obituary song . The drumming is boring . Bass is non-existent . Same verse/chorus song structure in every song . No interesting time changes . No breakdowns or memorable solos . I ca n't understand why so many people think this band is so great . This is the Korn/Limp Bizkit fans death metal . If you want TRUE , original death metal , with members that can actually PLAY their instruments , check out Cannibal Corpse , Cryptopsy , Suffocation , Incantation , Morbid Angel , Angelcorpse , actually , check out ANY band other than this one .
 DELTA 's 2 CD set BILLIE HOLIDAY & FRIENDS -LRB- 36 027 -RRB- is too typical of their low standards.A pair of jewel-cased ten song CDs are bundled in a stock paper outer sleeve . No liner notes on the Billie disc , and only brief bios on the other . Neither have running times.DISC ONESongs are faded in late and then out often well before they should end . Heavy-handed filtering of worn source material shears off all high frequencies and gives tracks an unpleasantly tinny sound . Occasional groove ticks cause the filter to bleed out a fraction of a second of Hi-Fi sound . An overall murkiness , as if mastered from a tape misaligned with the playback head , is most egregious of all.These are late career nightclub voice and piano performances . `` Moonlight in Vermont '' and `` Please Do n't Talk About Me '' have Billie way off-mike , sounding gravelly and quite ill . On `` Strange Fruit '' she seems under the influence of something.DISC TWOFake '50s echo on the Holiday sides , bad groove lathe on Vaughan 's three , and surface crackle on Fitzgerald 's 1940 's band remotes , plus overmodulation on all ruin this CD.Sorry , but it 's utter crapola . . DISC ONE
 Let me start with I do n't care who won the Supernova contest . The project was ill-conceived from the beginning . Neither TL , JN nor GC served as the primary song writers in their respective `` money making '' bands . All have proven to be replaceable . Thus it begs the question
 I ordered this CD on the day they announced the winner , before I knew who it would be . I will admit that Lukas was not my favorite performer on the show , but he has a decent voice and I really did like his original song , Headspin . Sadly , I do n't like what they 've done with it on this album . I prefer the older version , or at the very least the version that he sang acoustically on the show.What to say about the rest of the album ? With the exception of ` Be Yourself and Five other Clich&eacute;s , ' -LRB- which is catchy and fun -RRB- the rest of the album is cookie cutter rock , and not even of the good variety . The lyrics are trite and uninspired and there is nothing new in the music that was n't done in the 1980 's . Lukas does his best with the mess that he is given but even his voice is n't enough to elevate this album above anything more than passable . I kind of feel sorry for him . Hopefully at least he will get exposure for his real band out of this , or at least that he will have saved the money that he made from this to make it last as long as it can.Maybe I should have expected less from Tommy and Gilby -LRB- who I 'd never even heard of before the show aired , so how ` SUPER ' can he be ? -RRB- but I did have high hopes from Jason ! Ahhh well , a band is not just one person.I would say the luckiest people are the ones that Supernova passed on , and Jason Newstead who , due to injury , will no longer be touring with them.I wish Jason and Lukas good luck in their future endeavors .
 Tis a terrible death to be bored to death . Nothing new here , and pretty much all of it is thoroughly mediocre or worse . Songs are forgettable.Performances are mundane .
 Jason Newsted rocks . Tommy Lee rocks . I 'm a huge GNR fan , so Gilby rocks . This band ... sucks , bad . Another reviewer on here said that The Dead Parade and Valentine are great songs . The Dead Parade is perhaps the most horrid song I 've ever heard . In my opinion , Limp Bizkit is better than this band , and Limp Bizkit sucks .
 I like Tommy Lee , Jason and Gilby . I thought this was going to be much better . I believe it was rushed out . The singer of course is to each his own . I liked the Female singer runner up much better , but it was apparent the band wanted the male singer they chose . I will write this off as a rushed draft run and hopefully if they stay together , they will take their time and put out some quality work . Gilby would do better to go off with the female singer since he is doing side work with her , sounds like he is the only one who has his head screwed on straight as Tommy is flying high as usual in one of his `` spiritual journeys '' thru the nose candy parade which has clouded his judgement for many years . Better luck next time and maybe keep the gal on the side for when you realize you screwed up .
 Oh where to even start ? This album is an absolute disaster that really is `` noise pollution '' . Lukas Rossi is a horrible excuse for a lead singer , and a real eye-sore as well . He never should have been the winner of that sleazy TV show . OK , moving on now . Lukas only sings half of any song 's lyrics while he growls , howls , and snarls his way through to the last mediocre `` death-rattle '' of Tommy Lee 's delapidated drum kit . Ocassionally Lukas lets loose with a prolonged effeminate squeal -LRB- to girly to qualify as a scream -RRB- that lets us know that he has plenty of lung power left for a `` huge '' SuperNova tour . Considering the past experience of the veteran members of this SUPER-SUCK band , I expected something interesting and full of energy . Maybe in the style of `` Buckcherry '' or `` Audioslave '' ? What ended up on this greasy kids stuff of an album is just awful . It sounds like a hybrid blend of inferior `` Wolfmother '' and discarded `` Smashing Pumpkins '' mid-tempo wannabe songs that would have been left off the actual albums released by either of those bands . Plain and simple , this album is a waste of time for the listener . My friend wasted his money on it , and plans to sell it off to the used record store very soon . I know that hearing this album one time was enough time wasted for me . Spend your time and money on something better than Tommy Lee & Friends .
 WELL I 'M A BIG TOMMY LEE FAN BUT COME ON DUDE U DEF . PICKED THE WRONG SINGER FOR THE BAND . I WILL GIVE HIM PROPS HE DOES SOUND GOOD ON A FEW SONGS BUT I WOULD N'T PAY TO SEE HIM LIVE . WELL I GUESS I WILL HAVE TO WAIT AND HOPE FOR A NEW CRUE CD .
 Band - noun1 . a company of persons or , sometimes , animals or things , joined , acting , or functioning together .2 . a group of instrumentalists bound together by an expression of emotion through music of a specialized type , i.e. rock band.So which of the above best characterizes Rock Star Supernova ? Let 's break it down : - A united emotional expression of music works best when a band forms around close personal ties as opposed to hired help . The lack of emotional expression could n't be clearer in Supernova . It 's mostly the TV Show Grand Prize Winner singing Gilbey Clarke and company 's songs . Motley Crue & Metallica projected united emotions ; Supernova fails miserably . - New bands on the circuit are usually close friends built from grass roots relationships ... unless you 're a label-manufactured group like the popular boy-bands , Pussycat Dolls , etc. . Supernova plays true to the latter . - The music sounds forced . Manufactured . 4 guys functioning together for the purposes of fulfilling a TV show deal . Sure , personal bonds can be formed among members Tommy Lee , Gilby Clarke , Jason Newsted and what 's - his-name , but my bet
 I knew when I even saw the first show of this that this album/band would suck beyond belief , and now listening to this lame pop crap I was proven right . AVOID . The guys vocals were passable on the show but they blow on this album But again what did you expect look who 's in the band ...
 Unlike most who are buying this album , I never even watched `` Rock Star '' on TV . I had no idea who Lukas Rossi is until I picked this album up . I 'm just a fan of Metallica , Motley Crue and Guns N ' Roses and wanted to see what this `` super-group '' had to offer , as a band with Tommy Lee , -LRB- drums -RRB- Jason Newsted -LRB- bass -RRB- and Gilby Clarke -LRB- guitar -RRB- looks good on paper.It should be noted that none of the celebrity musicians on season two of `` rock star '' were the principal songwriters in the bands that made them famous . Newsted and Clarke were basically just fill-ins for Metallica and Guns N ' Roses , respectively , when Cliff Burton died and Izzy quit . In Motley Crue it was bassist Nikki Sixx that wrote most of the songs.Still , I was exited when it was announced that Clarke would be the lead guitarist for such a high profile project , as I have followed his solo career throughout the 90s/00s and have always regarded him as an underrated talent and underappreciated songwriter . With an awesome drummer like Tommy Lee and a stellar bassist like Jason Newsted supporting Clarke , Rock Star Supernova 's self-titled debut should be great , right ? Unfortunately , this is not the case.The songs themselves are n't actually that bad . The music on `` Rock Star
 This will be the first and last CD for this band . It sounds like they were just doing their `` job '' when this was created . With the history of the members of this band they should be able to get into a room and jam for hours and create something special however it did not happen.Instead you get a CD that now has Rossi as the stand out of the group . There were a few clues this would be the case as the members were not the most creative stand out members of their old bands in thier own right.I bought it with high hopes but as a musician I think I just expected much more from members of bands that will go on as legends in the industry.Headspin is the best song on this CD . It is the only one with emotion and it was created by Rossi . He will do better in his next band . I think Gilby , Tommy , and Jason took this project for granted .
 A great drummer , an excellent guitar player , and a terrific bassist combined with the hottest producer around would lead me to expect something something really great.Unfortunately the material lacks originality and the vocalist is as limited as I feared he would be when they selected him.Butch Walker seems to have squeezed all the fire out this record and Lukas lacks range and sounds thin and weak at times . This is just another hard rock record that has lots of the right attitude but lacks anything special .
 Note to all rock stars
 I watched Rockstar from the beginning and was very disappointed when they picked Lukas . I think the band members caved to audience pressure . To be honest he does n't fit the band and his vocal talent does n't fit the music . It could have been so much better you would have thought from people who were in such highly successful groups . But apart from those groups does n't mean you can pull it all together and make a great album as evidenced here . Check out The Panic Channel and Army of Anyone for great music of supergroups of sorts that just blows this album to shreads . I will give kudo 's to Dave for his group , The Panic Channel on a great rocking cd -LRB- seperate review -RRB- . Enough said . If you love Lukas then I guess go get it , otherwise wait until it turns up in the used cd shop .
 Sorry but he garbles his words . He acts like a rockstar but that is as far as it goes . Rockstar INXS was the real deal . Lukas and JD may both come from Canadian but JD is the one with the voice and the better gig .
 Quite possibly the worst rock album I 've ever heard . It 's amazing how age can effect someone 's talent because everyone in this band has lost what little they had over the years . How can they listen to this and think it 's good , I 'd be ashamed to have my name associated with this garbage . Luckily no one will buy this and they 'll fade back to nothing and never make another album because there 's already enough of this low-level rock being made daily . Do n't waste a second of time listening to this as you 'll regret it , as I do , but curiosity got the best of me .
 I luv Tommy ... I have luv for Gilby , but why oh why did they choose Lukas ?!? I simply do NOT like this album .
 Individually , these are noteworthy , respected rock musicians . BUT as a new unit , this stuff is average , at best . The whole thing sounds , well ... contrived . Give me Ozzy -LRB- with Randy Rhoads -RRB- , Black Sabbath , Judas Priest , Iron Maiden , Saxon , Dokken , Ratt , Metallica , Motley Crue , Triumph , Loudness , Accept , Symphony-X , Firewind , Joe Satriani , Yngwie Malmsteen -LRB- Alcatrazz & Rising Force -RRB- , Rainbow , AC/DC , Blue Oyster Cult , Kiss , Aerosmith , Rush , The Scorpions , Led Zeppelin , Rolling Stones , The Who , Queen , Kansas ... etc. etc. etc. over this nonsense anyday ! ` Nuff said .
 This CD , called LOOKING BACK , supposedly features early recordings by the Primettes and Eddie Floyd . The Primettes were a girl group formed in Detroit , who would later change their name to the Supremes when they moved to Motown Records.This CD contains the only recording actually released by the Primettes as a solo act -- a single with two songs , `` Tears of Sorrow '' and `` Pretty Baby . '' The sound quality of these songs here is pretty bad , although it 's not much worse than the version of the songs included in the Supremes box set.There are five other songs on this CD which are credited to the Primettes , but they are n't really `` Primettes '' songs . They appear to be sessions in which the Primettes were used as backing vocalists . The lead vocal on `` Return of Staggar Lee '' is by Don Revel . On `` Seachin ' for My Baby '' and `` Baby Wo n't You Change Your Mind , '' the lead vocal is by Al Garner . And on `` All I Need Is You , '' the lead vocal is by Marv Johnson.All the remaining tracks on the disc are Eddie Floyd singles . The track listing on the disc is incorrect , with only seven tracks being shown for Eddie Floyd . There are actually eight tracks from him . Here is the correct track listing for the CD :1 . Tears of Sorrrow - The Primettes2 . Pretty Baby - The Primettes3 . Return of Stagger Lee - Don Revel with the Primettes4 . Searchin ' for My Baby - Al Garner with the Primettes5 . Baby Wo n't You Change Your Mind - Al Garner with the Primettes6 . I 'll Get Along - Marv Johnson with the Primettes7 . All I Need Is You - Marv Johnson with the Primettes8 . Bye Bye Baby - Eddie Floyd9 . Never Get Enough of Your Love - Eddie Floyd10 . I Am Her Yo Yo Man - Eddie Floyd11 . Lonely - Eddie Floyd12 . Please Do n't Leave Me - Eddie Floyd13 . I 'll Never Find Another Girl Like You - Eddie Floyd14 . When You 're In Love - Eddie Floyd15 . The Whip - Eddie FloydSince `` Tears of Sorrow '' and `` Pretty Baby '' are available in the Supremes box set , this CD is n't a must for Supremes fans . Only if you 're obsessive about collecting anything related to the Supremes would you be interested in this collection ...
 With the exception of the first two cd 's , I have every Fates cd released , and this is the only one I do n't like.It is a concept cd that is BORING and Monotonous , comapared to other Fate 's cd 's . Unlike Savatage 's Streets cd , a concept cd that contains some great songs that gets dragged down in other songs trying to complete the concept , this cd contains some good songs , but mostly filler in trying to complete the conceptIf this was done by another less talented band , it could have turned into a cd to cure insomnia , thankfully Fates Warning does not achieve this , but something you could play as a compromise for somebody that totally hates hard/progressive rock and and would like to listen to Kenny G.NOTE - beware , one cd of double cd Still Life , contains this album , so buy that one for only the second cd , which contains excellent stuff of their past matieral
 `` A Pleasant Shade of Grey '' is a semi-concept album that is basically one song divided into many smaller parts . I 'm not sure why this is classified as progressive metal , because while it certainly is progressive , it is definitely not metal . There are very few crunchy riffs and two melodic , but ultimately boring solos . This is better described as progressive/ambient . What I love about progressive metal is that you can get all pumped up and still think at the same time . This definitely makes you think , but it is about as exciting as watching paint dry . If I wanted to think and be bored I could read one of my high-school textbooks . If ambient stuff is your thing -LRB- and you like those weird Pink Floyd songs like the ones from `` The Wall '' -RRB- you should pick this up . But if you are looking for adreniline-pumping progressive metal , look elsewhere , like Andromeda or Savatage .
 First off , upon seeing the song list from I to XII ' I did not expect this to be a typical Fates Warning recording.I basically addressed this recording as I would towards a Classical composition or some the Jazz suites by Duke Ellington.This cd has been with me for about 12 months and I have listened to it for approximately 12 times hoping it would grow on me.Sadly this was not the case ; and is just another case of a rock band making a great attempt at creating something more special than an excellent rock cd , but failing because of failure to realise that what made Ellington , Bach , Mozart etc. great was the effort they put into individual parts -LRB- movements -RRB- in their compositions and were able to connect these parts together in some kind of unision , thus the sum -LRB- composition -RRB- was great because the parts were greater or equal to the sum.Fates appears to concentrating so much in connecting the 12 parts together to create a great sum -LRB- a Pleasant Shade of Gray -RRB- , they forget about or do n't put as much time on making each of the individual 12 parts equally great , thus when added up , the parts are less than the sum , making a less than fulfilling recording that is quite monotonous and lethargic during much of the time.What Fates attempted to do was an extremely tough task , which many artists -LRB- including those in the Classical and Jazz field -RRB- have attempted and not come up to scratch.Thus , while they truly deserve an A + for effort , their result sadly warrants a D + -LRB- which is better than a number of efforts by other less talented artists in creating such an ambitious concept effort -RRB- . Finally , note that this cd is featured on cd1 of their live `` Still Life '' cd , which the 2nd cd in my opinion is superb and a pity cd1 not have contained more of Fates ' earlier material , thus only included an excerpt of a ` Pleasant Shade of Gray '
 I had been told by other folk that I would like this album/band due to my apparent zeal towards prog rock.I have owned it for nearly 3 years , and I still have n't been able to force myself to listen to the entire recording , and I have made at least 3 attempts at doing so hoping it would grow on me.This album just leaves me completely uninterested , and it amazes me how some people could rate this album with 5 stars . Other prog rock bands ; e.g. Symphony-X , DT , Sdw Gallry , Straovarious , B/guardian , etc. are in a completely different class.Even now as I think of this recording all I hear in my head is this very simple guitar/bass riff , accompanied by a 3 note piano line , and some artificial rain in the background , only to be followed by a sort of weak vocal line and cheesy sounding China cymbal bash on an offbeat . YUCK ! It hurts me to think of it ... My opinion of course , but if you are a new , investigating prog rock fan , make ANY selection from any of the aforementioned bands and you will be FAR more happy.PR
 I HAVE BEEN A FATE 'S WARNING FAN FOR QUITE SOME TIME AND THEY ARE ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANDS . I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN QUICK TO PRAISE THEM , BUT THIS TIME I AM GOING TO BE QUICK TO LET THEM KNOW THAT THIS ALBUM IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE MOST BORING , MONOTONOUS PIECES OF WORK I HAVE EVER HEARD ! THIS ALBUM BELONGS IN THE GARBAGE AND THE ONLY REASON I DID N'T DO JUST THAT IS BECAUSE `` PART IX '' IS A NICE LITTLE BALLAD ! THINK ABOUT IT PEOPLE - THIS ALBUM GOES NOWHERE - A CONCEPT ALBUM IS A GREAT IDEA AND I AM A FAN OF PROGRESSIVE ROCK , BUT THERE IS NO SUBSTANCE HERE - THIS ALBUM IS THE MUSICAL EQUIVALENT TO RICE CAKES PEOPLE ! WHERE ARE THE GUITAR SOLOS ET CETERA ET CETERA ? GO BACK AND LISTEN TO THEIR GOOD STUFF FROM YEARS PREVIOUS -LRB- I.E. AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN , NO EXIT PERFECT SYMMETRY , PARALLELS , THE SONG `` DAMNATION '' OFF NIGHT ON BROCKEN , AND HALF OF INSIDE OUT TO INCLUDE PALE FIRE , THE STRAND , SHELTER ME AND ISLAND IN THE STREAM -RRB- - THAT IS SOME GOOD STUFF MAYNARD ! ON THE OTHER HAND AND GETTING BACK TO THE ISSUE AT HAND - THERE WAS AB-SOL-UTELY NOTHING `` PLEASANT '' ABOUT THE PLEASANT SHADE OF GRAY ALBUM . SOMEBODY OUT THERE HAD THE AUDACITY TO COMPARE THIS ALBUM TO QUEENSRYCHE 'S OPERATION MINDCRIME ALBUM - YEAH , QUEENSRYCHE 'S LAST TWO EFFORTS WERE COMPLETELY HORRIBLE , BUT OPERATION MINDCRIME WAS A TRUE MASTERPIECE - THAT WAS A CONCEPT ALBUM IN WHICH ALL OF THE SONGS FIT TOGETHER TO TELL A STORY BUT AT THE SAME TIME COULD STAND ON THEIR OWN AS SOLID PIECES ! ALL I HAVE TO SAY IN SUMMARY IS ... FATE 'S WARNING PLEASE COME BACK - AFTER HEARING THIS ALBUM I THOUGHT THEY ALL MUST 'VE PULLED A `` JIMMY HOFFA '' AND DISAPPEARED FOR SURE !
 This is total garbage . Perhaps the 5 star reviews of this release are by people who never appreciated what this band could have been . It 's hard to believe that this is the same band that put out Awaken the Guardian over a decade ago . While they used to sound like thunder , they 're nothing more than a light spring rain now . In undertaking their path towards a more technical and progressive approach to songwriting , they 've also embraced the realms of boring and depressing music . Gone is the passion that once was a great band known as Fates Warning . What stands in it 's place is a boringly technical and depressingly boring shell of a band . Jim Matheos should be ashamed of using the same name . He should have let Fates Warning die 14 years ago , and gone on with another moniker that would not have damaged the legacy that the great Fates Warning of old built .
 I bought this album because Kevin Moore from Dream Theater is on it . I 'm sorry I did . It 's as dull as ditchwater . Every tempo is as slow as molasses , the production is uninspiring and there 's absolutely no attempt to make any of this memorable . I tried three times to give this a chance but finally I had to return it .
 I HAVE BEEN A FATE 'S WARNING FAN FOR QUITE SOME TIME AND THEY ARE ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANDS . I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN QUICK TO PRAISE THEM , BUT THIS TIME I AM GOING TO BE QUICK TO LET THEM KNOW THAT THIS ALBUM IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE MOST BORING , MONOTONOUS PIECES OF WORK I HAVE EVER HEARD ! THIS ALBUM BELONGS IN THE GARBAGE AND THE ONLY REASON I DID N'T DO JUST THAT IS BECAUSE `` PART IX '' IS A NICE LITTLE BALLAD ! THINK ABOUT IT PEOPLE - THIS ALBUM GOES NOWHERE - A CONCEPT ALBUM IS A GREAT IDEA AND I AM A FAN OF PROGRESSIVE ROCK , BUT THERE IS NO SUBSTANCE HERE - THIS ALBUM IS THE MUSICAL EQUIVALENT TO RICE CAKES PEOPLE ! WHERE ARE THE GUITAR SOLOS ET CETERA ET CETERA ? GO BACK AND LISTEN TO THEIR GOOD STUFF FROM YEARS PREVIOUS -LRB- I.E. AWAKEN THE GUARDIAN , NO EXIT PERFECT SYMMETRY , PARALLELS , THE SONG `` DAMNATION '' OFF NIGHT ON BROCKEN , AND HALF OF INSIDE OUT TO INCLUDE PALE FIRE , THE STRAND , SHELTER ME AND ISLAND IN THE STREAM -RRB- - THAT IS SOME GOOD STUFF MAYNARD ! ON THE OTHER HAND AND GETTING BACK TO THE ISSUE AT HAND - THERE WAS AB-SOL-UTELY NOTHING `` PLEASANT '' ABOUT THE PLEASANT SHADE OF GRAY ALBUM . SOMEBODY OUT THERE HAD THE AUDACITY TO COMPARE THIS ALBUM TO QUEENSRYCHE 'S OPERATION MINDCRIME ALBUM - YEAH , QUEENSRYCHE 'S LAST TWO EFFORTS AND HAVE HORRIBLE , BUT OPERATION MINDCRIME WAS A TRUE MASTERPIECE - THAT WAS A CONCEPT ALBUM IN WHICH ALL OF THE SONGS FIT TOGETHER TO TELL A STORY BUT AT THE SAME TIME COULD STAND ON THEIR OWN AS SOLID PIECES ! ALL I HAVE TO SAY IN SUMMARY IS ... FATE 'S WARNING PLEASE COME BACK - AFTER HEARING THIS ALBUM I THOUGHT THEY ALL MUST 'VE PULLED A `` JIMMY HOFFA '' AND DISAPPEARED FOR SURE !
 I am greatly dissatisfied . The quality was supposed to be great , however it has something sticking to the record . It ALS has a white mark on it . To make it worse , the one song I truly wanted to hear has a a skip in the song as well as the end of the song repeats . I have to place the needle on the next song in order to hear it . I truly expected better .
 Kids ... young kids view Amazon . Need I say anymore . I 'm shocked this would even be posted . I 'll stop shopping here if this foolishness continues .
 I agree . there is enough porn out there . I do n't want to find it without looking for it . . or my kids . CHANGE THE ALBUM COVER . PLEASE !!!
 Amazon , I am disappointed in you . This is supposed to be a `` Family Friendly '' website . The cover of the album of `` Authentic Hawaiian Guitar '' clearly shows a bare-breasted lady . When I typed up `` music '' in the search , this was the first thing that came up . I think you know better than to show soft-porn . I used to believe that my family would be safe casually shopping this website , but now I know that they can not . Your website is n't trustworthy and is non-family friendly . If you want to remain family-friendly , please stop selling these sort of images .
 I was looking for evening bedside music . This certainly was not what I anticipated it to be . It gets annoying , in my opiniion , really quickly . Wish I had not purcased it .
 Art Of Noise have overextended themselves , substituting affectation for content . `` The Seduction Of Claude Debussy '' fails to achieve it 's apparent objective of weaving the dazzling harmonic complexity of Debussy into electronica . There are lots of great sounds and clever riffs and drum patterns , to be sure , I mean , this IS Art Of Noise . There are even a few interesting moments where literal fragments of Debussy 's music are nicely juxtaposed with hi-tech elements . But , overall , the record sinks like a rock under the weight of massively overused vocals , and the misguided philosophy that the more complex an arrangement is , the better it is . Debussy created incredibly fresh , rich , dreamlike musical vistas using traditional sections of strings , winds , brass , percussion , and voices . But you know what ? Debussy had tremendous musical genius . AON , unfortunately , do not -- at least , not here -- and they can not present a single track which is compelling from start to finish with vastly more timbral resources than Debussy had . The group 's strength has always been in understatement , and now they seem to think that they can pile loads of string and vocal and synth pads on top of each other in various `` impressionist '' chordal voicings , keep an electronic drum beat churning underneath , and throw an operatic alto over the top to get something profound and meaningful . It does n't work . The result is a dense , clogged , arrogant mess . And if they 've misstepped with the instrumental arrangements , they have verged on self-parody with their glaring misuse of every vocal sound on the record . This is particularly the case with The Pretentious English Narrator . We 've heard versions of this virtually iconic character make brief enigmatic remarks on electronica records all over the place , but usually composers have the good sense to use this effect sparingly . It is , after all , an effect . But on `` The Seduction '' this guy has way too much to say , expounding regularly upon Debussy 's quirkiness and genius and impact . Shut up ! This is n't `` Children 's Guide To The Orchestra '' for heaven 's sake ! Rakim 's rap is fair in terms of content , but his sound is completely out of place against a backdrop of soft , lush strings . Then we have a very breathy `` lite jazz '' soprano vocal sound , which renders every track it is heard in into total cheese , especially track 3 , `` Dreaming In Colour '' . Also , we have the previously mentioned operatic alto . The use of this vocal sound is not quite as irksome as the others , especially considering the artistic goals of the record , but it is nevertheless overused . I 'm sorry , the melding of Debussy and electronica is a great concept , but it is n't successfully executed here . Maybe you should spend your money on a decent recording of unadulterated Debussy and find out why he was , truly , one of the greatest composers ever . To the uninitiated , this record would be a considerable disincentive to explore the world of impressionist music .
 I have every single Art of Noise album made , so I had to get this one also . At first I was pleasantly surprised that it came with an extra single CD at no extra cost . But , then I listened to it . Most of the music is too boring even for elevator music . The rest is c `` RAP '' . There is only one upbeat some on the disc `` metaphor on the floor '' -LRB- sounds like a remix of metaforce song without the c `` RAP '' -RRB- -- but it lasts for a whole 2 minutes -- not worth the purchase of the whole CD . And unfortunately , the remixes of metaforce on the free CD single are not as good . Stick with Art Of Noise classics . And get Art of Noise -LRB- the FON mixes -RRB- , which is awesome . But pass on this one , you are not missing anything .
 What a rip-off of Waltz Darling . Is this all the creativity the Art of Noise had left after the years ? I 'll remember them for their old work , not for this .
 `` The Seduction of Claude Debussy '' is less a collection of songs than a stereo demonstration disc . Themes from Debussy 's work are lushly orchestrated by Anne Dudley , but the production is marred by a pretentious voiceover , Malcolm McClaren style `` opera '' house , a by the numbers breakbeat track , and an embarrassingly bad rap where Rakim -- who slings rhymes like Baudelaire , or so he says -- `` gets aerodynamic in the evening air . '' Huh ? More daft than `` daft '' .
 What a great idea
 I have been a fan of AON , mainly because I have found them to be leaders in the field of experimental music in the past . I awaited the arrival of this new cd with bated breath but am deeply disappointed , to put it mildly . The songs lack depth and emotion , and are so ordinary - in fact , they all are reminiscent of music already done by other artists . Track 3 sounds like a disastrous attempt at merging Robert Miles with the Spice girls , and equally awful is the pathetically rap of Metaphor On The Floor . These two tracks in particular are out of place on what could have been a fairly average ` pop ' album . Had AON made use of more intricate and cutting-edge drum beats -LRB- and here I think of Lamb and other such excellent British stalwarts -RRB- then this cd would not have found its way onto the top of my ` get-rid-of ' pile of lacklustre cd 's . What a great pity that Anne Dudley did not make some reference to her wonderful `` Songs from the Victorious City '' cd , now sadly unobtainable after being deleted , when approaching the compositions on ` Seduction ' - the strings are good and the operatic voice is excellent , but nothing is accomplished in the mediocre mix of drum and bass rhythms on this dead-dreary release from a group who can produce music that is infinitely better than this effort . What a great anti-climax in an age where most are forging ahead with new and exciting releases -LRB- eg Massive Attack , U.N.K.L.E and Portishead , to name but a few .
 One wonders why they really did it . Not a bad AON album overall , but why should every 80s band attempt to make a comeback through rap ? True , did not work for Debbie Harry - why should it for AON ? If the guys who made In No Sense ? Nonsense and In Visisble Silence get rappish , I guess folks like McCoy Tyner and Path Metheney should follow - will be some jazz.If not a diehard AON fan , try to get this one one sale or in a second-hand -LRB- `` pre-owned '' ? -RRB- CD store .
 `` The Seduction of Claude Debussy '' owes more to the work of Malcolm McLaren , in particular `` Fans '' , than to anything the band did previously . I thought `` Opera House '' went out of fashion in the Eighties . `` Into Battle '' , the band 's debut , sounds less dated than `` The Seduction of Claude Debussy '' which should be clogging cutout bins in short-order . A soapbox aside to any Eighties band contemplating a comeback
 Huge fan of the Art of Noise first album `` Who 's Afraid ... ? '' , the `` original '' lineup and all that . Not at all happy with what came next -LRB- the novelty covers and duets with Maxx Headroom , Tom Jones , Duane Eddy , et al -RRB- after Morley and Horn left . I had very high hopes for this highly hyped `` reunion '' cd , but I 'm just not feeling it . The idea is very lazy creatively , rather Malcolm McLaren-ish -LRB- it reminds me of his `` Fans '' album from the mid-eighties -RRB- and the execution is not up to par with their work together on `` Who 's Afraid ... ? '' Had this album been approached in a more staightforward way , like the William Orbit collection Pieces in a Modern Style , or even like some of Wendy Carlos ' work as an interpreter of classical music using synthetic devices , it might be more inspiring or engaging . But as it is , this is for me a big letdown .
 I 'm a huge Art of Noise fan , and was greatly disappointed by this mediocre-at-best collection of mind-numbing drum machines , all going at the same tempo in every song , coupled with what sounds like a cat occasionally walking on a piano to bridge the whitewash of repetitive , regurgitated and overproduced `` electronica '' . It 's basically all one song . If you identify with and enjoy AoNs earlier creative and pioneering work -LRB- Beat Box , In Visible Silence , In No Sense , etc. -RRB- of the 80 's , do n't bother with this poor Enigma . Oh , and of course one song has the gratuitous rap addition -LRB- why is rap in everything now ? -RRB- , which is only superior to the random nonsensical interjections by John Hurt throughout the CD . And what Debussy has to do with this junk I have no clue -- he must be spinning at 6,000 RPM in is grave to have his talent associated with this meaningless 90 's nihilistic tripe . Save your money , save your time . AoN 's well was dried a decade ago . I 'm either going to sell this disk on eBay , or use it as a coaster .
 I liked this CD the first time I heard it , when it was called `` Waltz Darling '' by Malcom McClaren . Sure , Anne Dudley 's orchestrations are glorious but how hard is it , exactly , to screw up Debussy ? Well , perhaps , you could add rap to the equation . `` Hey , funky grandpa , bring that beat back ! '' Trevor Horn 's production is faultless , but the CD , at times , sounds as clinical as a ProTools demo . To be fair , AON 's first LP was , in places , little more than a demonstration record for the Fairlight CMI . `` Into Battle '' , though , was imbued with a sense of wonder , the awe of discovery . Horn and company were among the first to exploit a tres expensive , nascent , recording technology
 To take up the metaphor suggested below ... I wanted chocolate ice cream . I really did . But what Art Of Noise gave me tasted like cocoa , sugar , milk , and eggs enthusiastically but inexpertly thrown together . Chocolate ice cream it is not . For some , the simple novelty of combining disparate elements will suffice . A more discriminating consumer will require a recipe prepared with more expertise . AON have taken a very bold step , though , which will doubtless lead to some wonderful future recordings .
 Mm . Very iffy . I was ready for a change in Thought Industry 's style ; having grown from a heavy-metal listening highschool freshman to a college junior throughout their career , I 've found that nostalgia allows me to overlook the sillier aspects of TI 's music in favor of their unbridled creativity and fascinatingly self-indulgent and pseudo-intellectual lyrics -LRB- not a criticizm , the lyrics are profoundly interesting . -RRB- So , in theory , I would happily welcome a shift in tonality to accompany my own change of perspective -- that is to say , in theory , I do n't mind the idea of Oberlin cutting down on all of the grandiose , politically-oriented , angry emotional self-indulgence of earlier releases in favor of something a bit more minimal and less florid . But the problem is that Black Umbrella just is n't all that interesting , * especially * when you * are * used to such a whirlwind outpouring of creativity from this band . There 's still creativity here , but the songs are all similar , with lyrics all similar , about girls being evil heartbreakers and booze being man 's best friend . I ca n't help but wonder if Oberlin is n't trying to romanticize a sort of boozy , mopey-angry image for himself . In any case , the result is just sort of annoying . Aside from cute touches here and there , this does not stand out or inspire like TI 's earlier releases did .
 I am really sorry Mr. Levi but you ca n't mix your 2 previous albums and claim It 's a brand new stuff.I guess I 'll have to wait for your next album.I hope that you will understand that people do expect brand new songs , each time they buy one of your records .
 Pretty disappointed . I bought this on the strength of the title track ` The Mass ' - a very powerful piece but most of this album falls well short . A mix of mystic techno pop , poor Enya , Enigma imitation ... . I wont be buying any more ERA albums .
 I heard the first eRa album some years ago and I loved it ... It 's wonderful music ... The ancient-sounding choir , the pseudo-Latin language and the guitars here and then as well as some drums ... Also the solos were great ! That formula was really good , I think ... This third album is much like the older ones , but has also become a bit more symphonic ... That last change I like pretty much -LRB- though I regret the lack of guitars in the last few songs -RRB- , but other small changes took also place ... The mystic feeling has disappeared ... The solo 's no longer have some kinda melancholy in them , but have become rather poppy ... The first half of the cd is just pop music with a choir now and then -LRB- I really hate that beat in the songs 2 til 5 -RRB- ... There are also good songs , like the Mass. . . Wonderful ! And Foxifera has a great epic ending!Another shame
 Almost every song sounds like it could be in a Coca Cola commercial . Instead of `` Lemonade '' he should have titled it `` Yet Another Collection of Insipid Songs For Hippies To Dance To '' The first album was great . I 've been disappointed by each one since then . Weak .
 I love G. Love , but this album is pretty pathetic . I just listened to every song before writing this review and I just do n't see how this album is any good . I mean his previous albums are great . I hope his next album is better than this one .
 I bought this CD at a pawn shop just because it had a cannibal corpse song on it . what a dope i am . this has to be one of cannibal corpses worst songs . the rest of the cd was just bland screaming -LSB- stuff -RSB- on a stick , without fries on the side . too baD .
 This was just bad . It 's not as if Metal Blade had a lack of good songs to put on a compilation , so why they put out this godawful piece of trash I 'll never know.Mercyful Fate , one of the forefathers of black metal , gives us unlistenable garbage . Gwar , the funniest band of all time , gives us unlistenable garbage . The only tracks which I would recommend to anyone are Skrew 's `` She Said '' and United 's `` Kill Yourself For Business '' . There 's nothing else substantial here , just a lot of brain-dead grindcore and death metal . At least it 's better than Metalmeister 2 .
 this album should be called `` randomly assorted for no collective reason hip hop vol 1 ''
 I have been a Local H fan since the release of As Good As Dead , when I was but 13 years old . Their first three albums are always in constant rotation in my collection . They produce the perfect music for me in almost any situation of my life . However , this album has none of the qualities of Local H that I enjoy . I purchased this album , and tried my best to listen to it as much as the other albums , but I find myself drawn back to the earlier work . If this is your first Local H album , I highly suggest you purchase HamFisted , As Good As Dead , or Pack up the Cats ... all of which have songs that make life worth living .
 I am sorry this album isnt that good , but most local h album suck . I guess just like BOUND FOR THE FLOOR . No other Local H song is cool and as catchy as BOUND FOR THE FLOOR . I give this album 2 stars because of the O.K songs that it has California songs and P.J soles . Do yourself a favor and get the album with the song BOUND FOR THE FLOOR .
 When I first bought this album I was pretty excited . Judging by the last album V , the new one should be great . It was n't . What I get from the album is that Neil Morse had this big idea for the double disc concept album , and did n't let anyone else in the band do any song writing . I have no problem with Neil Morse 's song writing , he does a great job as the main writer/singer for the transatlantic albums , and most of the older SB albums -LRB- especially V -RRB- . The thing in these examples is that the whole band balances itself out , and Snow is totally top heavy . What happens is the album ends up being 75 % ballads , and in between the rest of the band comes up with straight out prog jams that are a little out of place . The idea is actaully pretty cool ; a remake of the old rock opera/concept album for the modern times with a balls to the wall spirituality theme , its the execution that is lacking .
 First off , I 'm a big Beard fan and have all the studio CD 's except for `` The Light , '' so do n't dismiss me as someone who `` do n't know what the Beard is about . `` I find the music on SNOW to be subpar for the Beard , especially following what I consider to be their masterpeice , `` V. '' Maybe they set the bar so high on V that anything else would pale in comparison , or maybe Neil Morse has been spreading himself too thin w / his other side projects , making his songwriting suffer , but I find the music on this CD leaving me unimpressed . I like the pop/prog hybrid style that the Beard specialises in , but I think SNOW weighs too much on the pop side and not enough on the Prog side - and there 's nothing worse than a boring pop song . Not much inspiration musically on SNOW for my tastes - not enough twists and curves and ambiance to make me want to listen again and again , unlike V and `` The Kindness of Strangers . `` The lyrics and concept are just downright cliched to the hilt
 Sorry . I 've tried over and over but the vocals are bad .
 I am a big fan of Dream Theather , Pink Floyd , Yes , and Rush . I had never heard Spock 's beard until I bought Snow . I heard a lot of good things about this band . I expected virtuoso musicians , epic instumentals , and hard-driving riffs . Yuck , what is this?I would be embarassed to play this in front of mixed company . I do n't get it at all . I bought this on Mike Portnoy 's recommendation . Thanks a lot Mike , I want my 20 bucks back . This is not prog-metal . This is 80s pop music . Way to many ballads . I will give their older stuff a try , but I am not holding my breath . In the meantime , I 'll go see Dream Theather on tour this summer .
 `` Snow , '' to me , represents the very worst of neo-prog wrapped up in a big , bloated , over-indulgent nutshell . I ca n't decide what I hate most about this record . Is it the way they blatantly rip off `` The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway , '' `` Tommy '' and the movie `` Powder ? '' -LRB- And what kind of unholy mish-mash is that anyway ? -RRB- Is it the way they wrote about four -LRB- mediocre -RRB- melodies for the whole endless 2-CD set , then recycle them over and over and over?Is it the way the singer ca n't shut up for two minutes so we can listen to the band 's admittedly formidable chops?I think it 's the fact that when I tried to get a few bucks for it at the local mega-used-CD store -LRB- the one that takes absolutely anything , -RRB- the guy at the counter said `` We 've had a bunch of those forever , sorry , I ca n't sell the ones I have so I ca n't take it . `` Go ahead and keep slamming me Beard fans , this review is n't for you anyways , it 's for the poor unsuspecting progheads who might make the mistake of buying this piece of garbage . Makes a nice coaster though .
 Contrived lyric & vox too much padding , If I find something as good as The LAMB or Tommy or DSOMI 'll buy it straight away , this is a watered down versionof what the brit-prog bands have already achieved decades ago.Why has prog now become a pigeon-holed genre `` Hey , we 're a progband lets do concepts and long songs '' , with no thought to the QUALITY of the material contained within.Please think about this carefully.Nice cover though .
 I have all of Spock 's Beard 's albums . I have seen them perform several times . I have listened , digested and enjoyed their music . I have been listening to progressive bands for twenty-five years -LRB- I 'm nearly forty -RRB- You could say that none of that entitles me to anything other than my opinion . So rather than give you my thoughts on this album , let me ask you a few questions . What the hell is going on here ? Is Neal Morse trying to recruit Christians for the rapture or something ? Are the cliches used on Snow getting by all of you ? Do you not understand `` The Lamb , '' therefore you dare compare it to this ? An albino who is a prophet ? Or is he a drug user ? Or is he just a messenger from god so Neal Morse can spread the `` word '' ? What would Kevin Gilbert say about this album ? -LSB- If you do n't understand that last question , go back and listen to `` The Shaming Of The True '' -RSB- Spock 's Beard can do without this fan , as so can Transatlantic , but it 's a damn shame that I can no longer listen to their previous albums I used to enjoy so much .
 This is nothing but mind numbing prog-noise , very annoying very pointless ... i dont see any real musicianship in this band at all whats the big deal with these guys ... dont buy this piese of trash .
 Pros
 Give me a break ! Two years of writing , and packaging a 2CD set and `` Snow '' is the end product ?? The `` concept '' is nothing more than a retread of `` Powder '' with some `` Tommy '' touches.All the originality of Spock 's Beard 's previous works have been thrown away with this OVERLONG CD !! The lyrics are painfully contrite andcliche ridden.Save your money and TIME with this one .
 This concept album is amazingly bad because the lyrics are terrible . Neal Morse has written lyrics about a ficticious character , `` Snow '' who is a watered down version of the messiah . He 's an albino , perhaps because Neal did n't want to give the Messiah a particular race . Snow encounters prostitutes , drug addicts , homeless people , street thugs etc. and using his supernatural powers , makes these people content and happy by somehow -LRB- it 's not really explained -RRB- showing them the light of God.Even though there were some amazing solos , recurring musical themes , and wonderful execution by all the band members , the music could n't save these pitiful lyrics.I 'm extremely dissapointed because I used to consider Neal a fabulous lyricist . He used to write songs that would create realistic pictures in my mind . He used to write songs that actually applied to people 's lives . For instance after a rough day , I would listen to Neal Morse 's first solo album and feel spitually enriched . He used to write lyrics about real situatations that real people faced every day.Snow has none of that going for it . It 's empty . If Neal knew anything about homeless people , street thugs , prostitutes , or drug addicts , this knowledge was NOT reflected in the lyrics . These lyrics on Snow were sterile , empty , and totally uninspiring . As a result it killed the album for me.If you 're in to bands for the music and the lead singer 's voice alone and do n't care about lyrics , than by all means buy Snow . You 'll love it . The musicianship is amazing.If you 're looking for a good concept album , then I suggest you look elsewhere .
 2 CDs of recycled Beard riffs , but even more pretentious than before -LRB- and that 's saying alot -RRB- . Everything bad about current prog rock is here
 Spock 's Beard and songwriter Neal Morse definitely get an A for ambition . It 's rare that a band even attempts to give an album a cohesive feel nowadays , nevermind tell a complete story on two discs . And the playing -LRB- especially the drums and keyboards -RRB- and singing are tight and strong . The melodies are occasionally moving and memorable , although not groundbreaking . The digibook artwork is pretty neat.But what holds this disc back is the story itself and the lyrics . Cloying and simplistic , we 've got cardboard cutout versions of the downtrodden -- homeless , prostitutes -LRB- see the prostitute in Tommy for a much more fully-formed character -RRB- and an african american `` knight '' -- all of whom are transformed by the healing power of love . Give me a break . And then there 's Snow . Was n't there a really bad movie already made about a misunderstood magical albino ? Anyway , Snow has the power to read minds and futures , transform the plights of the most addled addict , and get on the cover of Time magazine . But because he is part-human -- he himself needs to be saved by the power of God and love . And the main theme echos that prom theme by Bette Midler . As they used to say in the shallow Valley , gag me with a spoon.Nice try , but could have used some envelope pushing . This envelope is amost empty .
 Music
 I 'm only typing this because there are so many other reviews of this work already that my score sheet wo n't have much overall effect , and I do n't like to be a record-breaker . But here 's what I consider to be the most vital points , from a progophile who 's heard all of the Neal Morse era Spock 's Beard.THIS IS , ABSOLUTELY BAR NONE , THE WORST MULTI-DISC SET OF MUSIC I HAVE EVER HAD THE LIMITLESS DISPLEASURE OF FORCING MYSELF TO SIT THROUGH , IN ITS ENTIRETY , AT ONE SITTING . PERIOD.I did it only because I felt a concept album deserved that kind of attention span paid to it , in order to give it a fair evaluation , based on the scope of the work . I 've also listened to it piecemeal , a couple other times . It does nothing for me either way.To these ears , there is not 1 SECOND of anything that can be described as `` progressive '' -LRB- neo , retro , or otherwise -RRB- anywhere along its marathonesque 21/2 hour length . It 's just long ... that 's all.Yes that last piece on Disc 1 is a pleasant , even uplifting little folk-rock piece that would be perfectly at home in the hands of the folk group doing the Saturday evening mass over at the Catholic Church ... but that is decidedly NOT what I bought this or any other Spock 's Beard for.And no ... a concept album certainly DOES N'T have to be progressive ... but it should be good , interestingly composed and carefully arranged music . Frankly `` Snow '' is n't any of those things . `` Tommy '' certainly is ... we probably all agree on that . But how anyone could listen to this stupifying wall of boredom and have `` Tommy '' even enter their mind , let alone as a point of reference , is beyond me . And I DO N'T apologize for it . In fact , I believe I 'm doing you a favor to draw the the distinction .
 Well , I was disappointed . I expected something in the vein of V , their previous , and one their best , album , or Transatlantic ones . But I was wrong.I can describe this album as ok long-long mainstream rock album . Why?No long tracks , no breathtaking instrumental interplayings or improvisations , with a very few exceptions . But a lot of vocals . I 'd say too many!Lirics are not really interesting too . I 'm not particulary impressed about new Morse religious vision . It is neither original nor very deep , IMHO . Sometimes lirics sound quite stupid , IMHO.I 'm sorry , but I can not agree with people who compare the album with classic epic prog rock albums.Snow is more similar to Tommy
 i just got spocks beards new release.titled snow . . im very dissapointed.this cd is so boring.i tried to listen to it over and over and i just cant groove on it what was neal morse thinking.please take my word for it dont waste your money.buy all the other spocks beard cds though those cds jam
 I 've always had a love/hate relationship with this group . I thought Beware of Darkness was a finely crafted neo-prog album with strong -LRB- if not adventurous -RRB- melodies/arrangements and fine playing . Since then , they have seemed to me to get more pop -LRB- and we 're talking pop that has been dead for over a decade -RRB- with each successive album.Snow is their 6th studio album , and they 've followed in the footsteps of Genesis and Yes by having it be a double concept album -LRB- a good clue to the lack of innovation that sinks this disc -RRB- . There are some cool melodies and aggressive instrumental playing , but for the most part you 've heard all of this on their preceding CDs . I thought the pacing of this record was atrocious
 So many reviews and words are here . . , however those CHICKEN POX BEARD deserves only one word - C R A P.Nothing much learn about , just random act of stupidness . . This is not even music.Please , save your money for the real intersting band .
 I tried!I 'm sorry , but the `` concept '' is juvenile at its best
 Frustrating why ? Because this album really could have been remarkable . Spock 's Beard have the technical chops and songwriting and arranging skills to pull off great progressive rock , and if `` The Great Nothing '' from their last disc `` V '' is n't an indication of that then I do n't know what is.This album suffers from every prog rock cliche imaginable
 First off , I really like this band . I really like Neal Morse . The thing that bugs me is that so many people call this release their best effort . I think that is a joke . Although I have not heard a lot of the post-Neal Beard and I have not heard the Darkness , this ranks as next to worst of what I have heard . Snow was my first Spock 's purchase . I was a little disappointed at the time . It 's not ` all that ' . I bought it because so many rated it high . I 'm glad I kept trying . I find `` V '' to be the finest overall . I think `` Day for Night '' and `` The Light '' follow close behind . I am often disillusioned because there is not enough frank reviews on Amazon . Most folks who take the time to review a record do so because they are big fans therefore , most reviews are biased on the positive side . This is a Spock 's Beard fan telling it more the way it is - or trying to balance the scale .
 Bought it as a gift , so I ca n't really review it . Not my style of music ...
 I too enjoy Giorgia Fumanti and enjoy this album . However , I was sorely disappointed to find that the last two tracks were left off the ablum as described by the previous reviewer . Do n't buy this album . As consumers , we need to take a stand when we 're obviously getting ripped off ...
 I like Giorgia Fumanti very much , but Canadian entertainment/recording companies and/or producers did a bad job . The CD I purchased has 13 listed tracks and only 11 recorded . The best songs `` Conquest of Paradise '' -LRB- track # 4 -RRB- and `` Chariots of Fire '' -LRB- track # 12 -RRB- are removed . Is it a new way to do the business or just a sloppy job ? , December 27 , 2008 . By Simon B. -LRB- Los Angeles , CA USA -RRB-
 I did n't spend six figures on my system to hear a magnificent voice duped on a computer in 8 bit.I wish I could operate MY business without extending any capital .
 The idea of an italian soprano doing Vangelis vocal music may sound intriguing to many , as it was to me . But upon a cursory listen its main flaw becomes evident
 Best remembered for a few hit singles and the inadverent seeding of the Atlanta Rhythm Section -LRB- much of whose membership sprang from the studio crowd that crowded out most of the actual band on their records as their hitmaking days arrived in earnest -RRB- , the Classics IV -- who seemed to come out of nowhere in 1968 and disappeared just as fast within two and a half years -- deserved way better.They had one of the most underrated blue-eyed soul singers of his and anyone 's time , Dennis Yost . They had a clever producer , Buddy Buie . Their hearts were in the right place . But their very versatility became their vice ; without establishing a consistent identity other than their hit singles -- and , in fact , on their albums they often did n't use Yost , their most powerful asset , for more than a few tracks -- they developed a maddeningly inconsistent , sometimes to laugh catalog . Maybe mistake number one was Buie and co-producer Bill Lowery deciding the better part of valour was to supplant the Classics in the studio with the studio players , a mistake since , as smooth as the studio players were , the actual Classics were a rock-solid little soul band.They chose covers ranging from interesting to inspired -LRB- they were two years too early with `` Little Darlin ' '' ; 1966 was n't the time to think about a rock-and-roll-revival bid -RRB- to insipid . But even if they 'd picked better consistently , or come up -LRB- usually by way of Buie and original Classics guitarist Joe Cobb -RRB- with consistently inspired original material , none of it would have mattered in the face of those hits . `` Spooky , '' `` Stormy , '' and `` Traces '' were a three-peat any singles band -LRB- and no few album-oriented acts -RRB- would envy . The first two owed a huge debt to Bobby Hebb -LRB- listen closely and you 'd think they were desperate to come up with their own `` Sunny , '' a song they finally did cover and well enough -RRB- , and `` Spooky '' gave them the delicious guitar riff that just would n't quit , on their singles , anyway
 This 1991 Muse Records CD -LRB- out of print -RRB- is among Earlands weakest B-3 performances recorded . Standard tunes like `` Unforgetable '' and `` Europe '' -LRB- yes , the Santana hit -RRB- is arranged and played like elevator music and goes nowhere ... But there are moments where Earland shines and cook 's predictable with his combo like on `` Sheila '' and `` Kicker '' , but thats all . Even Earland 's sidemen like Eric Alexander on tenorsax does not lift the overall performance quality . Thia is not capured misic , this manufactured music . For Earland collectors - put this CD in your shelf and start looking for Earlands recordings on Prestige , Milestone and Savant/HighNote
 I know Gwar was being sarcastic and silly but this is pretty unlistenable . Its just , bad . Back to Iraq , Sex Cow , Pain of Techno Destructo and Gon na Kill U are the ONLY good songs on this album . And they 're not even good songs either , besides Gon na Kill U , I ca n't believe how bad this is . I ca n't believe Gwar did this . Not even Slymenstra 's lounge lizardish tune at the end can save this album and she is a great singer.Atrociously dumb album thats not even vile or disgusting that Gwar is best at . Get this album only after you have got the other ones.Their newest album is awesome , go buy it .
 This is the worst Gwar Album . There is only one good song and the rest are average , annoying , or worse . It just sounds like their just messing around and trying to fill up an album . Buy any other gwar album but this one .
 I went and seen Gwar in November , and it was an awesome show , especially when they brought in George Bush Jr on stage , disemboweling him before the song `` You Cant Kill Terror `` you will get wet by the way!their albums are nothing to scream about . . very straight forward rock music ... I would be embarrased to listen to this in publick ... I mean , seriously ... would you listen to the song `` Sex Cow '' while cruising in your car?so , skip their albums , but do go to their shows , they are a blast
 Please note , this is a review of the sound quality not the music.When a disk costs over $ 40 , it should be very special . And while the music here is , the sound quality is not . I remember the days when clipping waves on a Jazz disk was absolutely forbidden ; no mastering engineer -LRB- even the bad ones -RRB- would even consider doing something like that . Not so anymore . Although Jazz disks have a way to go to catch up to rock and pop in terms of loudness , disks like this show that they are on their way . Now , the problems on this disk only occur during the fortes -LRB- prolly 10-15 % of the disk -RRB- , but when they do occur they occur with a vengeance . The flow of the music is interrupted , and you start noticing things you should be thinking about while listening to music , like sound quality . But when the distortion and clipping and dynamic range compression really kick in , that 's exactly what jumps into my mind.If you do n't care about sound quality , or you 'll be listening to this with stock earbuds on an ipod while riding a noisy bus , then buy this disk . But if you do care about sound quality , I would caution against buying this disk . $ 50 for a jazz cd with clipping and distortion is just silly , imo.for more info look up ` loudness war ' at wikipedia or google ` pleasurize music ' or ` turnmeup ' .
 Whow , slow down there , Carl ! Are you sure you 're accompanying the right band ? The strength of the former Fields of the Nephilim lay in their slow , moody , atmospherically dense songs that rose , developed , climaxed , and finally melded seamlessly into the next track . If that is what you liked , you will be terribly disappointed by Zoon . This has got almost nothing to do with their previous work ; it is as clean a cut as I have ever heard . While there may be musical merit here that speed - and heavy metal fans could appreciate , this combination of guitar-torturing and 300-bpm-drum-flogging is bound to make the ears of any Fields fan hurt . In needing to keep up with the music , Carl McCoy 's voice is sadly reduced to a harsh , low belching sound , typical for other bands of this genre . The one exception is the incredibly beautiful and melodious `` Shine '' , which is worth five stars when viewed by itself . If you 're a former Fields fan , be sure to listen to this before you buy it .
 Just a warning ... if you like Fields Of The Nephilim , just know that this sounds nothing like that band . This is more in line with Napalm Death . The distorted guttural vocals are total incomprehensible and the music lacks any kind of subtlety whatsoever . If you like Napalm Death or that type of stuff , you may well like this . I did not . Just my opinion .
 With the line up that this band boasts , I was seriously disappointed with this record . Everything from the lyrics to the chord progressions to the hooks and choruses scream `` play me on the radio '' . Im not as surprised that Artie Shepard from Errortype :11 had a hand in this as I was to see Tom Capone and Joe Grillo 's named as co conspirators.While I am in no way going to judge the motives of the band , as everyone is entitled to live off their tunes if they are presented with the opportunity and if they want to ape carbon copy bands like Sevendust or Godsmack , then so be it.But fans of any of the members previous bands would be well advised to not be duped into buying this .
 i 'm gon na stop listening to critics and publications , because NME said this was like the best thing to come from America last year . um ... not even close bud . if you told nickelback to get just a little bit harder , this is what they 'd sound like . plus the whole hating God thing is soooo 15 years ago .
 I saw these guys open up for korn and they are terrible . They also had the need to impose their wisdom on us by saying something like George W. Bush can s * ck my f *** ing d ** k - What a bunch of uneducated idiots . I guess my only satisfaction is that in a couple of years they will be asking me if I want to SuperSize my order .
 Man I heard this band on satellite radio and I was like yeah new Slayer but when I looked to see who it was I saw Grip Inc. and I was like damn . I mean Slayer is a great band but I cant listen to another band that sounds like there ripping them off ... and this band does just that . I mean damn , find your own sound instead using another bands . But ... if you like Slayer then I guess it might not be a big deal to some people like it is to me so if you care then I would go buy this cd but to people like me I tried to listen to it but it just made me pissed off that to me , and other people may have a different opinion this band is making money off a sound that they did n't even make . Well like I said if you dont care then give it try and you will be guarenteed to like it but if u do care then dont evenb try . Later
 High Noon and It 's on Me ... thats it . Plus a cover from a good band Forkboy -LRB- Lard -RRB- . Yet another below average album from this below average band .
 This is probably the worst music I 've heard in my life , and I 've heard some bad stuff in almost 1/2 a century -- altho way more good - great - incredible ! than bad . I 'm embarrassed for his incredibly talented father .
 I loved the ` Fusion for Miles
 Seriously , this sounds like a bunch of guitarists playing over nasty karaoke backing tracks of Steely Dan songs . I would n't blame anyone who was introduced to Steely Dan through this CD to think that Fagen and Becker had written some of the lamest , cheesiest and most moronic music ever in existence - which is in reality , about as far from the truth as you could possibly get . These recorded performances are simply unnecessary . The shocking thing to me is that there are actually some musicians who play on this album who are great soloists and/or session players in their own right , but that still does n't lift the music . But , by the same token - in regard to the soloists , it can be noted that Becker and Fagen always called in guitarists who did often have notable technique , but always knew the right time to put their technique into action -LRB- well , at least that can be said of whoever it was that made the final take -RRB- . The inclusion of several guitarists here who are best known for playing many notes really baffles me.Even the front cover is pretty nasty . Anyone who has read the liner notes written by Fagen and Becker for the reissue of `` The Royal Scam '' might recall this comment regarding the cover art of the album - `` before long we find ourselves staring into the maw of the most hideous album cover of the seventies , bar none '' . I would love to know what they think of this cover -LRB- what do the four bizarre jack in the box creatures have to do with this music ? -RRB- . The initiator of this recording had their heart in the right place , but really , what more is there to add to the original recordings of this music ? The originals are some of the few pieces of recorded music in history -LRB- ! -RRB- that emphasize total precision -LRB- in the fields of both playing and production -RRB- , but still remain full of life , spirit and soul -LRB- even if the lyrical subtext is considerably dark -RRB- . I would get so much more joy out of listening to Aja or Katy Lied than sitting through this.If you are looking for a place to start listening to Steely Dan , get Aja , The Royal Scam or Gaucho -LRB- or nearly any Steely Dan album -RRB- .
 Brief and to the point
 Man I heard this band on satellite radio and I was like yeah new Slayer but when I looked to see who it was I saw Grip Inc. and I was like damn . I mean Slayer is a great band but I cant listen to another band that sounds like there ripping them off ... and this band does just that . I mean damn , find your own sound instead using another bands . But ... if you like Slayer then I guess it might not be a big deal to some people like it is to me so if you care then I would go buy this cd but to people like me I tried to listen to it but it just made me pissed off that to me , and other people may have a different opinion this band is making money off a sound that they did n't even make . Well like I said if you dont care then give it try and you will be guarenteed to like it but if u do care then dont evenb try . Later
 For those of you have never been exposed to the concept of rock and orchestra , this is a bad start . Trans-Siberian Orchestra would be a great place to start . Or how about Yngwie Malmsteen 's Concerto for Guitar and Orchestra in Bb minor ? Deep Purple likewise did a symphonic album . Iron Maiden 's Brave New World has some sweet orchestral moments . Dream Theater has that same classical vein , albeit with a keyboardist supplying those extra textures . Queensryche 's Operation
 Well fellow metalheads , this is the end . The band formerly known as Metallica is struggling so much right now to find a way to write decent songs . So they 've bombarded us with this one and disc one of Garage . Both of which have nothing new on it , and nothing that truly sounds like Metallica as WE know it . Not as MTV , the popular tennie-bopper or middle-age establishment now knows Metallica , but as WE , METALHEADS know it So in desperation they pull this stunt with the San Francisco Symphony . It was bad enough to be there live and sit through it . Plus to add insult to more injury , the symphony is nothing more but a very big and live synthizer to put the `` alternative '' twist to Metallica 's new binge of anything but metal . Geez , how much longer before my grandma thinks Metallica is cool ?
 This album is truly embarrassing and shows the greed of this band.This is a failed experiment which should have never of taken place.How could one mix metal with orchestra music?It just doesnt work.Thats like mixing hip hop with classical music.Its just ridiculous when you really think about it.All the songs on this album are worst than the original.The songs are too mellow and lack passion.Just another ploy by lars to get your money.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE !!!
 Anybody who has been a fan since Kill 'em All or Ride the Lightning will be disgusted to hear what has happened to Metallica . What 's next , a polka album ? Maybe a country album ? I betcha Lemmy thinks it sucks .
 `` The Call of Ktulu '' was great , but the rest of the album just plain sucks
 After reading the first few reviews , I noticed they all gave positive feedback . I then scrolled through the 175 other reviews and found only about 5 that did n't like it . I figured the problem is that the real Metallica -LRB- old -RRB- fans do n't bother to buy Metallica 's CD 's any more , so it 's not possible to give a bad review . Everyone knows Metallica sold out after `` Justice '' due to Bob Rock and this album is just another way to rake in cash without writing any new material . The orchestra sounds awful , and is often too soft to be even heard . By setting a keyboard to `` orchestra '' mode , and inserting notes into some of Metallicas songs , you could have duplicated this album . Nothing new , nothing special ... just tryin to be trendy .
 I expected so much more , as everyone I talked to liked this CD . ... there are two songs that I like . Devil 's Dance for one , as it opens it sounds a bit fierce , nice to lose yourself into - heavy on drums and thumping guitar . The backup of the orchestra is awesome , just turn it up . Vocals are hot and seductive - James , I feel you too and I 'm not afraid ! The next song I like is No Leaf Clover since I 've never heard it before there was n't a memory to compare it to therefore no way to corrupt it with the orchestra . ...
 In many respects this is exactly what you want it to be . It starts with the symphony and the metal band slowly kicks in with rising intensity until metal band and symphony are one thick slab of epic sound . And then , well , um ... James Hetfield starts to sing . Ooh , ouch . Not good . Not only is off tune , he ca n't decide whether to snarl or sing really bad opera . To make things worse , he relies on the the crowd to sing certain lyrics , which you can only sort of hear . I 'm sure this was a good idea at the live show , but on the recording it just piles onto the sad state of the vocal tracks.Oh and then there 's Lars Ulrich 's drumming . I 'm sure he tells all his friends `` those symphony weenies just could keep up with me '' . Um , I doubt it Lars . It was Lars that was too inconsistent . Listen carefully , slight changes in Lars rhythm all over the place put the whole thing just a bit out of sync.Too bad , this was a great Spinal Tap inspired concept .
 There are two major problems with this album :1 . James vocals/singing have been shot to hell over the years . Do not judge his singing from `` Ride the Lightning '' , `` Master of Puppets '' , '' ... And Justice For All '' based on this album . His voice was ok from those albums -LRB- but then it got much worse -RRB- .2 . Symphony music only goes well for I 'd say half of the tracks ; it sounds really out of place on the others.I recommend you listen before you buy , otherwise try getting those three albums I mentioned above : -RRB-
 I really thought that it was a stupid idea to make metallica play with a symphony theres people saying that this is their best cd ever but have they heard any of their old stuff that was totally awesome like master of puppets that song is on s & m but the awesome guitar part is replaced by some violin or whatever and the new songs they made suck too I mean metallica is like the greatest metal band so why would they mix that in with a symphony i think that this was a stupid idea and i 'm glad i did n't buy this cd
 God !!!! They managed to destroy the whole concept of a rock album with orchestra !!! How Kamen -LRB- a superb maestro and musician -RRB- entered into this fray ? METALLICA supreme arrogance reached new heights , when they allowed some of their classic albuns to be destroyed by the orchestra . THe orchestra plays bad ? Of course not !! It 's just that the arangments has nothing to do at all with the songs !! I never listened to the CD after the first three times , it will be forgotten in my collection . METALLICA , you 're history . I 've got all your albuns -LRB- except for `` RELOAD '' -RRB- . Never again , never again . I quit .
 How noble !!! how beautiful !! THe once great garage rocking band now turned into the crusaders aghainst MP3 music ... METALLICA completely sold out . They 're gone . This CD is another brave and clever attempt to get some money . I have nothing against classical , I like it . But in MEtallica 's songs the arragments just do n't fit at all !!! It 's all noise !! Blergh !!
 sorry metallica , but adding a symphony will not inhance your weak sound . The album sounds just like any other of their albums , but with a background . I do not recommend this album . Tried it , sold it , lost 10 bucks from it , and that 's fine with me . In the end , they still just screech into the mic with brainwashing sounds . They 're the same corporate sell-outs as usual . Sorry to let you know .
 For the second time , Metallica fails to create good new material knowing all the Metallica fools will lap up this rehash of overused old , bad material . I hate Hero Of The Day , no matter what . I think this is their cover up for zilch writing talent . Not really a dissappointment , I think this is more bizarre than weird ...
 I 'd heard Enter Sandman and Unforgiven 2 and really liked it so i borrowed S&M off a friend . However having really tried to listen to it and like it I simply ca n't stand it . It is tuneless , unmelodic and daft . They seem to have forgotten that first and foremost it is important to right a good song which is interesting and enjoyable to listen to , rather than trying -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to create weird/scary sounds .
 Is this the band that does `` Nights in White Satin '' ? I just love that tune.Oh wait a minute this is Metallica ? The same band that did Kill 'Em All ? You 're kidding ...
 See , if the title had anything to do with S&M and the songs related thereto , it would be cool ! But instead , it just means San Francisco Orchestra + Metallica ... Metallica , please stay away from neoclassical metal . You 're only trying to overdo yourselves more than you need to . Lately , Metallica has been releasing a sledge of junk
 Metallica used to be the fastest , loudest , heaviest metal band out there . Now they 're playing with a huge orchestra . I 'm reminded of an interview the great Cliff Burton gave in '86 shortly before his death when he made the comment to the effect of ` why should we do something big and fancy ? we 're just up there doing what we do ' . Well , you cant get much more of a bigger scale than this . Another problem is James Hetfield 's futile attempts to be a good vocalist . The band was infinitely better when he just screamed as loud as he could . It went much better with the music . I 'm sure Cliff Burton is rolling over in his grave , and Metallica is no longer a great metal band in my mind .
 Just when I thought Metallica couldent get any worse ... They did . This record is an insult and a slap in theface to true metal fans.They Destroy many Metallica Classics on this CD sacred songs Like Master of Puppets , Battery , and for Whom the Bell Tolls are Butchered on this record.If I could give this CD ZERO stars ... I would do so.When it comes to this Live double CD I have three words of advice ... DONT BUY IT !!
 I must admit I was open to the idea of Metallica with a symphony . The symphony could boost their power and bring metal into a whole a new world . Then I heard the album . Metallica , as talented as they are , lack the discipline to stay on beat with an orchestra . With the band trying desperately to stay on beat , the orchestra keeps on going , kinda . This has to be Kamen 's worest work ever . The orchestra was just annoying . It added no power and just made a mockery of both cultures , the symphony and metal . Cliff Burton has to have turned over in his grave at this one , that is if he did n't already turn from reload . If you want classical Metallica , I urge you to check out Apocalyptica .
 It is true , someone may have noted this before , but the berkeley community thearter is on Berkeley High 's campus . I know I was their , they took over half are school for nearly all of april ' 99 . Was not to much of a hit with the students , though jerks to us and their is not to much of a metal community at BHS , most students are rap fans -LRB- I am not -RRB-
 This Cd is too much money for 2 discs of Orchestra Songs.If Metllica really wanted their music more available to fans , they should have left Napster lone.The only people who buy this album are 40 year old people who think that Metallica is still the hottest thing out.All of Metallica 's songs sound the same I can barley tell a difference.I you want a good CD -LRB- That all the songs do n't sound the same -RRB- Buy Jay-Z , Sisqo , BigPun , or N.W.A.
 I do n't think the orchestra was given a fair piece of center stage . If you want the brute force of metal and an orchestra , you could do better . Try Deep Purple 's efforts or Yngwie Malmsteen 's Concerto Suite for Electric Guitar and Orchestra in E Flat Minor Op. 1 ... if you dare , I suggest some of Frank Zappa 's classical masterpieces .
 Suing 350,000 fans in conjunction with the Napster action helps Metallica not a bit . Slapping fans in the face is a good way to start a career at McDonalds . I 'm using my Metallica CDs for coasters now .
 Metallica was one of the most greatest metal bands for the past 8 years , but after 2 dissapointing albums -LRB- load and reload -RRB- , this is just trash , poor orchestral nonsense , the only two songs I Like are master of puppets and sad but true , but this cd is nothing more than a rehash of led zepplin 's classic , This cd is about as bad as an boy band album .
 What do you do when you 're a fat , rich , complacent metal band with nothing new to say and you want to land some instant royalties ? You put out a gimmick album ! That 's right fans - for the low , low price of a double CD set , you can hear your favorite rently-gone-lounge-act Metallica rockin ' out with Kamen 's rock orchestra just like you 've always dreamed ! Sheer Joy ! What 's that ? You wanted Metallica to put out something original ? What do you think they are ? Musicians ? Hmmm , I 'm pretty sure this is Cliff 's least favorite album too .
 This album is without question , the most insulting and humiliating disgrace to Metallica ever known . I mean really ... all the orchestra stuff extremely clashes with the greatest band in the world . . I mean Metallica is my favorite band , but I listened to this , and i couldnt believe it was finally over . I will NEVER listen to it again . During the complete process of listening , i was thinking like WOW HOW COOL it would ACTUALLY be if the horrible sound of that stuff in the background would like DISAPPEAR :--RRB- !!! but if you want a cd with with some major clashing music this is perfect for you , and I seriously hope they 're new one , St. Anger DOES NOT HAVE little extra background remixes , if ya know whati mean : - -RRB- If so , imean if this is in the future the new metallica , im divorcing them .
 I 'm a Metallica fan -LRB- read
 Along with Star Wars and Y2K , I think that Metallica would have to be one of the best examples of cultural self-intoxication . People will just accept without questioning , and I see it all the time . They watch or hear it from their mainstream music sources , and succumb to the dollar making machine that is Metallica . I happen to hold the first four Metallica albums in high regard as defining albums of the thrash era -LRB- 80 's -RRB- . It 's not that I mind that Metallica changes their music or dares to be bold , it 's just that this album did n't fit . Instead of sounding like a cohesive album it came off jittery and uneven . Another thing is Metallica 's commercial success . I 've heard james say that he does n't care if the `` real '' fans have abandoned Metallica , but it seems to me that that 's just an excuse to broadcast music videos and tear the band apart with it 's user friendly image . Metallica is becoming what James said it never would be
 Excuse me , but are n't these the same cry babies who whined about losing their Grammy to a band that incoperates a flute in their act ? Nice job on For Whom The Bell Tolls , but man . . Metallica belongs in the Cry Baby Hall Of Fame not the rock and roll hall of fame
 OK ... ok ... I love Metallica but this is total garbage . Glad these days with St. Anger at least they are back in their right minds -LRB- that 's a joke -RRB- . Lets forget this trash not thrash ever happened . Pathetic pusstallica . With Metallica written on this its like a dung log covered in chocolate ... it 's still a dung log . I 'm amazed at how many 90 's metallica fanboy idiots defend this garbage . Most people that defend their 90 's garbage do n't even know the first 4 albums or like them which speaks for itself . I mean the singing even sucks ... but is has since Black I guess . To bad Metallica went back to the `` load '' style with dm and now they are recording with Lou Reed ...
 There are only a few songs on here that sounded good with the symphony they are - `` Bleeding Me '' - `` Hero of the Day '' - '' - Human '' - `` No Leaf Clover '' and - `` Nothing Else Matters '' . The rest of the songs the Symphony flat out Ruins.What songs are they playing.They dont go with the songs at all.If you Want to here Metallica Live get the `` Binge and Purge Box Set '' . Although ill give them credit for trying it.It was a really Cool idea ... but Michael Kamen was the wrong man for the job .
 I always thought it would be great to have Metallica Songs played by an orchestra , so I was very excited when I heard of this attempt . Unfortunately , it just does n't work . First of all , it 's live , and that 's never a good thing . Second , Hetfield 's voice drowns out the music most of the time . Finally , the bass and drums are all but non-existant . They 're there ; they 're just so insignificant that the whole sound is altered . I still think this can be done right , but it 's highly unlikely they would do it again . I guess it 's my loss . Perhaps , 1 star would have been more appropriate ?
 I first started listening to Metallica because I thought they they sounded very symphonic in their arrangements , so I thought this would be fantastic . Boy was I disappointed . Besides the fact that the early Metallica recordings -LRB- peaking with the mind-blowing And Justice For All -RRB- WERE arranged symphonically for the Symphony of Metallica . The guitars use chorus and sustainer effects to give them the admirable qualities of a symphony orchestra , with the advantage that they are heavier , faster , more powerful , and clearer , which enabled them to musically go places symphonies had never gone before . Now for this album 's faults
 Please listen to therion , rage , or nightwish , or hammerfall or some others . Without the orchestra this qould have been an excellent album , but the orchestra is totally out of place , of course it has its good moments , but i think there some points in the songs when they should have been in complete silence.This is not original , many metal bands have done this before and better.Someone should teach James to sing `` NOTHING ELSE MATTERS '' his voice sound terrible on this song.After all i agree , metellica is not playin metal anymore , and these days are never coming back , now they are just an american elite band and not what they used to be ... LONG LIVE TRUE METAL AND NOT THIS ... LONG LIVE NAPSTER , LONG LIVE NAPSTER , LONG LIVE NAPSTER.VOVIN IS A GREAT ALBUM FROM A BAND -LRB- THERION -RRB- WHOSE WORKS WITH OCHESTRATION ARE GREAT AND NO LIKE THIS METALLICA ALBUM . I 'M SORRY CAUSE S&M WAS A GOOD IDEA BUT MR. KAMEN WAS NOT THE BEST CHOICE FOR THE JOB
 I own the real S&M not the `` clean '' version . What a bunch of BS people who need a `` clean '' version just shouldnt buy this . It completely demerits the band the album and especially the creativity that went into this album . Youre practically better off listening to another band play these songs as this was not the way Metallica wanted it to be . I would give the normal version 5 stars but because of ridiculas censor ship i gave this one star . You have MR. Dee Snyder of `` Twisted Sister '' to thank for the oppressive and irrational branding of albums for expliced lyrics .
 This album is without question , the most insulting and humiliating disgrace to Metallica ever known . I mean really ... all the orchestra stuff extremely clashes with the greatest band in the world . . I mean Metallica is my favorite band , but I listened to this , and i couldnt believe it was finally over . I will NEVER listen to it again . During the complete process of listening , i was thinking like WOW HOW COOL it would ACTUALLY be if the horrible sound of that stuff in the background would like DISAPPEAR :--RRB- !!! but if you want a cd with with some major clashing music this is perfect for you , and I seriously hope they 're new one , St. Anger DOES NOT HAVE little extra background remixes , if ya know whati mean : - -RRB- If so , imean if this is in the future the new metallica , im divorcing them .
 I really liked the original versions of most of the songs on this CD and I am a big fan of early Metallica albums -LRB- the so-called `` Black Album '' and prior works -RRB- . I also firmly believe that if two types of music can be mixed into a brilliant and wonderful piece of work , it is classical and metal . After all , heavy metal uses much of the same musical theory that classical does and to be honest I believe that some classical composers -LRB- Mozart for example -RRB- were simply heavy metal musicians working with the music and instruments of their time . Many metal/rock bands have achieved a certain mesure of success when combining their music with an orchestra
 I never was too big on this album . I am not a fan of rocks bands playing with symphonies anyways . They all seem to be a way to squeeze out new product , most are done with the symphony playing over top of already good songs . What a bad concept . Pink Floyd 's `` Atom Heart Mother '' is the exception to this rule , they actually wrote all original material for that album . But Metallica added a symphony to some great songs and the results are average.Why even release this album at all ? Yeah I bought it just like everyone else , but the only reason song I listen to is No Leaf Clover . What did they do from ' 97 - ' 02 ? Nothing at all , add this to their period of inactivity . This along with Garage Inc found them really scratching the bottom of the barrell for album ideas.Counting this album along with Garage Inc until 2003 the only original material they could muster up was `` No Leaf Clover '' , `` Human '' and `` I Disappear '' -LRB- which was an awful soundtrack song -RRB- . If they were out of ideas just release a real Greatest Hits album and then start fresh like other bands tend to do . But I think Lars thinks he would actually lose money that way.This album is only for those who are completists or just have to have No Leaf Clover and Human , which cant be found anywhere else .
 After the mediocre Black Album , the not so good Load , and the horrible Reload , you can assume what would come in this album.As a Metallica fan ... Sounds like a cover 90 's mediocre alternative band covering Metallica.The 90 's songs do n't sound too bad with the orchestra added , in fact they sound better . But the 80 's speed and thrash metal songs were KILLED.The one and only highlight was `` No Leaf Clover '' , a very well done and interesting song . `` The Call of Ktulu '' sounds great too since we do n't have to listen to James voice , which is not the greatest since AJFA.The kill of the album is `` Of Wolf and Man '' they destroyed that song.Save your money !!!
 My only question is , `` What were Metallica thinking ?! '' As if it 's not bad enough they have massive numbers of fans questioning whether they sold out or not on Load & ReLoad , they cheat the fans by putting out another boring batch of cover tunes , then try and pull off a live two-disc set with an orchestra behind songs like Battery ????! ... You 've got to be kidding me . The money went to these guys heads like booze does to an alcoholic . It is so sad to see a band that put out the material they did when Cliff Burton was living , go down the road they 've chosen . Even Jason Newsted is flogging them in the press , downgrading their ability to be heavy , and he left and is in Voivod now ! I do n't blame him . A zero rating , and the without a doubt the most low point in this band 's career ... but they would say , `` Hey , look at all the money we made . '' Only they would n't say that to the most important people they lost site of
 metallica blows they should be shot for releasing such a terrible album classical music does not mesh well with heavy metal look at led zeppelin they were terrible they did n't do true heavy metal and now we see metallica moving in the same direction pretty soon we 're going to see the death of metal
 What 's next ? Hire Desmond Child as a co-songwriter so you can be kings of pop-metal ? Hire Luciano Pavarotti and perform the first metal opera ? Hire Yanni -LRB- pronounced yawn-e -RRB- and do the first pop metal kids song ? Instead of doing the complete versions of their older songs live , do medleys so they can spend more time playing the new crap ? -LRB- Oops , sorry bout that last one , they already do that ! -RRB- Cliff Burton spins in his grave & the fans of Ride the Lightning shed yet another tear . This is basically the last gasp of a dying band . They did the box of live stuff -LRB- overkill -RRB- , they 've released 1 and a half albums of lackluster sub-alternative metal -LRB- Reload is the half , in case anyone cares -RRB- , rereleased their b-sides from the hayday and added lackluster new cover versions -LRB- BOB SEGER ? the Metallica of 1984 would kick the asses of 1998 for even thinking it !!!!! -RRB- and this godawful monstrosity . A `` heavy metal '' band with a symphony orchestra . Woo-hoo . Sorry I do n't leap out of my chair with excitement , I 'm too busy trying to figure out what castrated this once great band . Heartless performances abound . I can see them spicing up their newer post Justice stuff with an orchestra -LRB- hell try anything to bring life into that vat of poop !! -RRB- but to desecrate classics ?!?!? Blasphemy !!!! Here 's the scoop
 I ca n't believe all the 5 start ratings for this hunk -LRB- ... -RRB- . Metallica hooked me back in the Lightning days , and I was a fan until the Black album . I can not believe the sell-outs they turned into . When you start making music just to sell records , it means you sold out . It 's as simple as that . These guys are ridiculous . Has any one of you actually listened to the old Master of Puppets ? That used to be the baddest song ever done , but this -LRB- ... -RRB- orchestra is awful . It sounds like elevator music . Plus , James Hetfield has decided to TRY to sing now , whereas in the past , he just yelled on key . Much better back then.I feel sorry for all you poor shmucks . You just dont realize good music when you hear it . DO me a favor , pick up a copy of Soulfly - Back to the Primitive , or Slayer - Reign in Blood if you want to hear good music . Metallica is for losers .
 What is this ? What do they think they are ? Is this really the same Metallica , who created the greatest metal masterpieces - Kill 'em all , Ride the lightning , and MASTER OF PUPPETS ? My last advice to them . - Please retire right now , before it 's too late .
 Remember when Metallica was cool ? I do . Back in the day , they had a f *** you attitude , heavy guitars , hardly any air play except on college radio , the metalheads liked them -LRB- not the preps -RRB- . 1991 it kinda started to fall , they were becoming more popular , you saw preps at thier concerts , the band started smiling in thier videos . 1996 was the beginning of the end . ... But I did n't lose hope I thought maybe someday they would go back to thier roots a little and do something cool like KILL EM ALL , RIDE , MASTER , or JUSTICE ... but no ... they 're totally content on being popular . Symphony ? Oh jeez . I do n't even want to listen to their old albums any more . Thank god there is still Slayer and Testament . Metallica are a bunch of dorks now ! Even if they do go back to thier roots , it will be too late .
 the title of this review says it all . any true heavy metal fan will never ever buy this cd .
 This is a good albumn ?? It 's worth about as much as it cost the record company to make . Boo ...
 I read many good reviews for this cd so I boutght it and it is horrible . Enter sandman sounds really bad ! overall it just doesnt work with the orcastra !! For any of you out there I wouldnt recomend this cd !!
 If you want to hear a truly brilliant merging of metal and a symphony ... get Yngwie 's Concerto cd or a Rhapsody cd and avoid this stinker . At least those guys can play on the same level with classical musicians . Hammett could n't play with a symphony well if his life depended on it ... and it shows here . His horrible sound and note selection rings out like a bad yodeler . Once again , we hear Hetfield `` singing '' in his worst register yet . What happened to this band ? The worst thing is that they butchered some of their better , older songs . I hope Metallica has learned their lesson to stay in their talent level and leave the classical leanings to the pros like Yngwie , Symphony X , or Rhapsody .
 I fully expect this review to get a 0 out of 100 helpful review score . Metallica 's next album should have a blindfolded Beavis holding a scale with a pile of cash outweighing the balance against artistic integrity on the cover , and titled '' ... and Empty Pretension for All '' . It would still go platinum because the biggest complaint Metallica 's fans have ever had is when the band cut their hair.In the 80 's Metallica achieved success by raping n.w.o.b.h.m. bands of their ideas and beating the Brits to U.S. audiences . I was a teenage metal fan at the time , and could never see what made Metallica more popular than Anthrax , Slayer , Overkill , Testament , Exodus , or any other thrash-speed band . Today , I still do n't know . These hacks are the Stephen King of the music world . Searching for as many different ways to market their B.S. as possible.As far as `` S & M '' is concerned , I could n't tell if they 're trying to copy what so many great 70 's prog-rock bands have done by playing with a symphony , or if they want to cash in on what Savatage , Rage , TSO and dozens of prog , power , and doom metal bands have been doing for years .
 I listened to this some more , and it still makes me sick . There is way too much violins . sounds like some damn symphony rather than metallica . What 's next ? the metallica christmas album or them playing with garth brooks . He is more of a rocker than them anyways .
 Metallica has not put out a decent album since 1988 when they released And Justice for All . James Hetfield 's voice used to send a chill up my spine - simply awesome . On S&M he sounds like a big sissy . Give it up guys ! You 've got your BMW 's , tattoos and enough money to buy a small country .
 You must all be joking saying how great this album is . THis is another step in Metallica 's carerr that astonished people . The orchestra is going nowhere while Kirk Hammett is playing worse than ever . The result is so annoying , so noisy , I have the guts to listen to it entirely only twice !!! THe is another indulgent step in this band 's career , a band that lost all soul a long time ago and became just a typical MTV product .
 this disc is another run of the mill from metallica who have lost there edge.they seem to be happy just getting over without taking any kind of chance 's . lars & crew have had better days.strings ca n't hide lack of creativity.stick with justice for all and the lunch box .
 S&M will buy Lar $ and co. another private jet and a few gold-plated toilets for their castles I 'm sure , as ANYTHING released by Metallica will be healthily lapped up by their legions of blindly devoted sheep . Metallica isnt doing anything original here , literally hundreds of rock 'n' roll bands have done this before , and sadly -LRB- and expectedly -RRB- Metallica contribute absolutely nothing to this form of expression . I would even venture to say Metallicas hideous effort only debased the whole concept of a rock band performing simultaneously alongside an orchestra . The San Francisco Symphony itself sounds completely independent of the arrangements Metallica play , and likewise . This results in extreme annoyance , for old classics like Master of Puppets and Battery are butchered unmercifully at the hands of the musics noisy and unfocused nature . It will literally make you cringe , and possibly send you into violent convulsions of repugnance . Jame $ desperately tries to sing like a professional vocalist , but doesnt have a voice , so that is another major detraction . He should go back to growling . Kirk carelessly committs several atrocious guitar mistakes , notably in the solo of `` One . '' Lazy Lar $ plays like a dehumanized drum machine as always , without an ounce of soul or interest . As a functionable unit , Metallica fails miserably . The symphony plays fine , but ultimately the obscure compositional accompaniment and Metallicas lackluster exertion prove detrimental to this pitiful excuse for an album . How long can this band rape the corpse of their past legacy ?
 I 'll keep it short & to the point - this CD is TERRIBLE ! I can understand `` Load '' - I can even understand `` Reload '' - `` Garage Inc. '' gave you back a LITTLE respect - but NOW ... . it 's starting to UNRAVEL guys ! You are n't THAT good . Go back to your OLD style of metal ... . otherwise ... . we 'll have `` Metallica with The Backstreet Boys LIVE in Disney Land '' next ! NUFF SAID !
 First of all , I like Metallica . I 'm even a fan of Load and Reload , though I like the pre Black Album stuff better . I 've seen Metallica live , twice , and was blown away both times . And I love symphony orchestras , you know , Mahler , Rachmaninov , Beethoven . And i think Michael Kamen is a good conductor.That said , this was a dissapointing album , and it 's all Metallica 's fault . First of all , the full orchestra is loud , buut to a point , and Metallica refused to match the volume of the orchestra . As a result , only the most overblown histrionics of the orchestra match the relentless pounding of the band.And while I think the orchestral arrangements were often trite and sugary , I do n't totally blame Michael Kamen . Most of the newer songs are just hard rock songs and do n't lend themselves to his brand of romantic-esque soundtrack type orchhestration . And most annoyingly , Metallica refused to change in any way the arrangements of their own songs to accomodate the orchestra which is a typical arrogant rockstar move and pisses me off . Do n't buy this album , get their other live album or any studio album . This is the worst thing Metallica has ever released .
 I really do like Metallica , also I like live albums and greatest hits albums . But ever since Metallica caused such a stir in the music Industry they have not been putting out very good music . So I guess it is there cheap way to try to make a comeback . I have all of there C-D 's so I am not or was not downloading any of they 're stuff nor would I old stuff is the thing I think should be alloud . But Metallica is a great band but S&M sounds like a cheap try for a comeback to greatness that they once had .
 Its pretty good at the start but then some stupid rock band starts playing .
 If you are remotely interested in this -LRB- or even if you do n't like Metallica at all -RRB- you should check out CDs from Apocalyptica - `` Plays Metallica '' , and `` Inquisition Symphony . '' It is essentially Metallica on prozak - very cool stuff in my opinion .
 Metallica , where are you ? If you love And Justice for All , Ride the Lightining , etc. , STAY AWAY OF THIS RECORD ! What 's next ? Metallica and Back Street Boys ?
 Hi dear seller!I just want to make sure that is this an old fashion LP record or just a commom CD ? I mean the Long Play is a large black disk made by xylonite .
 These guys must be desperate for dollars . Ever since the `` Black '' album , these guys have really gone downhill . They used to be awesome , now I expect to hear their music in an elevator .
 Back in the 80s when I was a huge Metallica fan , never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined that my beloved Metallica would sell out to the point where they would do an album with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra ! The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra ??? I thought only Top 40 adult contemporary singers like Barry Manilow and Tony Bennet did this kind of thing ! Then I hear the crusing metal riffs of Metallica mixed with the sweet , sappy sounds of violas , cellos , and french horns ? Talk about a clash in styles ! This 1999 album was just another step in Metallica 's sellout plan . I ca n't believe Metallica has fans who actually like this . Most of the songs sound like Metallica songs with a dull , flat , out of tune high school marching band playing along with them . If you 're a Metallica fan who actually likes hearing heavy metal played by a SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA , I suggest that you quit listening to heavy metal and just go buy season tickets to the ballet ! You 'll here lots of orchestral pop music there !
 What in the name of all that 's holy were they thinking ? This is an embarassment . This is Spinal Tap . I suppose it 's one of those `` Seemed like a good idea at the time '' things . I 'm truly shocked to see so much positive feedback about this joke of a record . There really is no accounting for taste . It was good to see Hetfield look a little sheepish and embarassed when talking about this album recently .
 Sucks ! No , sucks is too nice of a word . Let 's see , how can they make money without composing anything new , putting out another crappy live album , or let alone a greatest hits album ? I got it ! Let 's play the same crap , but add an orchestra to it . The lame brains will buy the same songs again , put some $ $ $ in their pockets and not even Napster could even come up with a scam like this . They suck as artists , composers and players . They have nothing new to offer and are re-hashing the old stuff . Next album will be with the Boston Pops maybe ? How about a rag-time band , a calliope , or 2,000 kazoos ? Hell , they 'd probably sound better .
 Metallica has n't released a good album at all since the black album -LRB- which was only ok , it was n't that great and was definately overrated -RRB- . Metallica attempted to pull a zeppelin and perform with an orchestra . Neat idea , but this performance was lackluster and uninspired . James lost his voice , Kirk 's guitar playing is still sloppy , and it 's just pathetic how Metallica attempts to soldier on without their old sound . I would n't recommend this album at all .
 For recent years people have been telling me about Metallica and how good they are so i decided to see what all the fuss was about . To my dissapointment i really do not understand what is so good about them , they are ok musicians -LRB- nothing too special -RRB- but i found this and the black album quite monotonous and at times boring . It seems that the theory that chart topping material bites is true in this case as it is for other acts such as the backstreet boys and the like .
 I first listened to this album with some expectation of it being good . I was let down . Metallica 's songs do n't mesh very well with the orchestration , probably because the songs were n't composed with an orchestra in mind . Maybe if Metallica wrote some songs and arranged them musically with James , Lars , Kirk , Jason , and Michael Kamen -LRB- who conducted the orchestra here -RRB- , we would get some songs that actually fit with orchestration . With the exception of `` No Leaf Clover , '' the orchestrations sound arbitrary.The idea of a rock band playing with an orchestra is n't terribly original , and I admire Metallica 's effort to create something different from today 's mainstreme music , but this `` S & M '' just does n't succeed musically .
 I love Metallica and have since Kill 'em All . So I figured anything they put out would be worth listening to . Well , I was wrong . The concept of a Metal band and an Symphony Orchestra is an intriguing idea , but it just does n't work here . Although I think it could work with Metallica , their song choices with the symphony could have been better . I mean , c'mon M of P or Battery with violins ? WHO thought THAT was a good idea?Metallica 's music , by it 's very nature , has a lot of energy , but the Orchestra seems to steal this energy.That 's my opinion , take it or leave it ...
 I like -LRB- OLD -RRB- Metallica . But this cd is kind of disappointing . Are they still a serious musician , or just entertainer ? What I want from them is not great showmanship . I do n't think they really needed orchestra for their new musical experiment . Rather , why do n't they hire good synthesizer player ? -LRB- seriously -RRB- Oh , Metallica . If you really want to continue innovation in your music , you must not lose your root . Playing with orchestra was not a very good choice . Once is enough .
 This has got to be their worst effort to date . This CD is nothing like their Binge and Purge album , even their new songs lack the Metallica feel they seem to be losing more and more every album . Very disappointing !
 METALLICA is definitely thinking well ahead . They are trying to be the greatest band on Earth , trying to copy U2 and Stones -LRB- I do n't like these two bands -RRB- , reaching new frontiers and new audiences.But the problem is that I ca n't see real heart in Metallica 's intentions , only greed . I do n't see musicians that really wants to make evolution in their techniques , I just see musicians with lust for money , because they lost the creativity for real rock/metal since the Black Albun and their new songs in `` LOAD '' and `` RELOAD '' just sucks -LRB- with a few exceptions . Besides that , they keep ripping scorn on their old fans , telling that they do n't care if they like their new sound or not.This CD is not so great how the band think it is , although Kamen is a genius working with metal -LRB- see `` Silent Lucidity '' , from Queensryche -RRB- . Well , I 'm just tired . I have resigned , and you fans should also
 I think the idea of metallica recording with an orchestra is very cool . But when they do n't include FADE TO BLACK , which in my opinion would work better with an orchestra then any of there other songs , it causes me to say what the hell . And on another note , James actually trys to sing . Personally I like the old screaming metallica vocals on songs like Master Of Puppets . I think metallica should leave the Orchestras for more melodic metal bands like Iron Maiden , Hammerfall , Edguy , and Rhapsody ; they can actually do it right .
 Stop and think before you read this ... about the stuff your listening to , and about it . I mean they may rock and roll your head off , but look at the message they 're sending off . I mean give one listen to devil 's dance and that makes you feel all weird inside . And they may make a lot of ` good noise ' but still think before you do things and listen to music like this .
 Apart from a few songs the symphony really does n't add anything special sounding to the compositions , rather the two worlds of music collide head on creating one ugly jumbled pile of noise . It does n't really matter anyway tho because no matter what they release people will buy -LRB- why i do n't know -RRB- , already number 1 in the charts -LRB- with other supertalented artists such as shania twain and celine dion , yeh ! -RRB- . For real technical and brilliant metal fused with classical music that actually allows for both forms of music to fuse together and create terrific and beautiful music , listen to Rhapsody and Therion instead , or are n't they mainstream enough ?
 I 'm sorry , but the s & m sucks . It is `` old MetallicA '' songs in a sort of `` new MetallicA '' sound . It 's kind of depressing that metallica has aged to the point that their music can be called just `` hard rock ''
 Oh , for heaven 's sake , do yourself a favor and listen to Rage 's `` Lingua Mortis '' or `` XIII '' if you want to hear a METAL band USE an orchestra , instead of pointlessly grafting them on for a holiday publicity stunt . This turns my gut , and not in a good way . It 'll sell millions . Hooray . I ca n't stand it .
 From the lean , mean , thrash machine they once were , Metallica have become fat , bloated rock dinosaurs of the type they once despised . The transformation from velociraptor - speedy , sharp and dangerous - to diplodocus - slow , docile and blundering - has been distressing for long time fans to watch.The biggest problem here is that most of the songs are simply not suited for orchestral accompaniment . Like attempting to mix oil and water , it just does n't work . The band really would have been better to admit the experiment did not work , cut their losses and release a four song EP of the tracks that actually DID work.Let 's be positive here . The tracks that they do pull off are excellent . The obvious one is `` The Call Of The Ktulu '' . The instrumental from ` Ride The Lightning ' is the oldest track here , and definitely the best , which is a shame because it 's straight after the intro track , and the next two hours are basically a waste of time . Strangely , the only other song from the first four albums which even approaches `` The Call ... '' is `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' , which is given a huge , militaristic movie soundtrack feel , like something out of ` Ben Hur ' or ` Gladiator ' . `` No Leaf Clover '' was obviously written with this performance in mind . The band lay off a little , allowing the orchestra to flood through . The strings , woodwind and brass sections weave in and out of the simple melody . Unfortunately , the other new track `` Human '' is , for want of a better word , ... . The gentle `` Nothing Else Matters '' is given added facets by the orchestra , although they are obvious , as the original also has orchestral backing . `` Bleeding Me '' almost works , as do a number of other tracks , but they are very patchy . The odd introduction or bridge is good , but it is never consistent enough for a whole song.Thrashers like `` Fuel '' , `` Master Of Puppets '' , `` One '' and `` Battery '' are absolutely ridiculous . Violins , horns , and triangles just do not belong in a song where someone is shouting `` Gim me fuel , gim me fire , gim me that which I desire ! '' over them . Nor do Jason Newsted 's barked backing vocals fit.In other places , violins play the counter-guitar lines , which are either multi-tracked or where Kirk Hammett 's leads would normally be . A third guitar player would have been better than making some unfortunate violinists who have spent decades mastering their art fill in the gaps around a simple plodding guitar riff . That is when there actually are gaps . Much of the time , the orchestral instruments seem to be straining to be heard , and come off as superficial decoration . Much of Metallica 's career has been built around a gargantuan rhythm guitar sound . It simply stomps over the subtleties of the orchestration , like Godzilla let loose in the Louvre . At other times , the orchestra is a nuisance , where just hearing the band on it 's own would be a classic metal moment.If Metallica were really considerate to their fans , as they used to claim to be before we all started sending them to the poorhouse by stealing their music off the internet , they would have released a reasonable sized unaccompanied live album -LRB- not like the overpriced ` Binge/Purge ' box set -RRB- with the aforementioned orchestral EP as a bonus . Instead , we get the fat Elvis version of Metallica , a self-parody , the once shiny faade dulled by decadence and overblown egos . If you really want Metallica live , get hold of one of the hundreds of bootlegs made of the band . They do not deserve your money for this album .
 Being both a classical music and Metallica fan , I was very excited about this CD 's potential . Unfortunately I was completely disappointed
 I bought this record because of a * feral * advice from a friend of mine , that now I realize needs badly some rest , some clean air and healthy food . This record is a miracle . At least , I deem a prodigiuos event to compress such a huge amount of tediousness on a so small plastic surface . A lot of wasted energy and a pompous monument to entropy in its most menacing and distressing notion . Buy it anyway , beacuse those poor boys needs badly both your money and a small sign of benevolence in order to be happy and keep on living . That does n't mean that you have to play it and harass you and your friends . If yu wan na play some music on your hifi try with something else , let 's say ` Pavement ' or ` Eels ' or ` Nine Inch Nails ' or ...
 Answer
 I picked up S&M today and I thought ` Ok this could be coolyou know Metallica with a Symphony could really sound cool ' but youknow what it is n't cool . I feel that the guys did this at the wrong time , with the wrong songs . Instead of picking all of the really long , melodious songs from Ride the Lightening , Master of Puppets , and ... And Justice for All , they instead put on all the songs from The Black Album and the Loads , which just do n't belong with a symphony . Another problem is that the great songs on the album , like Puppets and For Whom the Bell Tolls , is that they seemed to be done with no energy , James just ca n't sing like he used to -LRB- It 's a shame too -RRB- Instread of that famous growl , he sings like a country singer instead . I came into this epecting a whole lot more than i got out of it . If you want a good live Metallica experience , spend the extra cash and get the box set , it may near a $ 100 , but its worth it , absolutley no sell out songs and James and Jason growling in full force . Well another dissapointment form the guys . On a scale of one to ten , S&M gets a -12 . END
 You know , there is a very good reason parrellel 5ths -LRB- which are used % 90 of the time in most metallica songs -RRB- are avoided when composing classical music . It starts sounding baaaad . Low crunchy guitars do not compliment violins , cellos , flutes , ect . The orchistra instruments must screach and wail to compete with Metallica 's crash-bang-grunt playing style . I promise you , you will be SICK TO YOUR STOMACH about 3-4 songs in . Maybe if they went acoustic -LRB- like that will ever happen -RRB- , it could have worked . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Mike Palm -LRB- Agent Orange -RRB- said it best
 This Album is a sure waste of money ! I am a big fan of metallica and have all their albums , but this one is a BIG disappointment . Why ? Well let me tell you . The orchestra which supposed to be making stuff nicer etc. are F ^ & % # it up . The overall impression is chaos . Lots of times you hear shrieking violins and tooting trumpets when you least expect it and want to hear it . Even the unbreakable `` One '' was ruined . You get the impression that the orchestra is constantly reminding everybody that they are there -LRB- and unfortunatly they are -RRB- So if I were you I 'd buy definately something else . . And yes Metallica DID sell out .
 Death Angel were a much more talented and musically inclined bay area band and Room With A View is a better ballad then Sanitarium , One , Fade to Black , The Unforgiven and any other metallica overated and overplayed ballad or song put together.Death Angel are the true pride of the bay area along with Merycful Fate who had the misfortune of these posers trying to cover a medley of their songs , cowboy jaymzzz doesnt even come close to King Diamond!Abigail !
 I 'm a collector with most of Metallic 's music and have been listening for years . This CD is not one I recommended for the general fan or even casual collector . This CD like many other musical experiments is on the fast track to the bargain bin . If you absolutely must have it be forewarned most of the songs are repeats and if you 've ever heard someone spoof heavy metal by playing it classically -LRB- with violins and stuff -RRB- -- that 's what this entire CD sounds like .
 Metallica with a symphony ? Cliff must be turning over in his grave . I remeber when this band was raw and heavy . It seems Metallica keeps coming up w / more and more ideas to cover up the fact that they ca n't ca n't make great music anymore . Yes , I 'm sure anything sounds great when you have a orchestra of highly skilled REAL musicians backing you . I was n't fooled by this effort by Metallica to get my money . This band has n't evolved the right way . They 've turned into a group of pansies . I wish I could use a more vulgar term for them . And , oh yeah , do n't download this music illegally or Lars will sue you . A band that sues its own fans ! These guys should hang it up because the well ran dry a long time ago .
 THIS CD SUCKS . NEW METALLICA SUCKS , CREED SUCKS , AND IF YOU BUY THIS CD YOU SUCK . IF YOU WISH TO BUY A METAL CD BUY AN ICED EARTH CD , TRUE POWER METAL NOT THIS CRAPPY PANSY NEW METALLICA CRAP . I AGAIN EMPHASIZE THAT S$ M SUCKS , LOAD SUCKS , RELOAD SUCKS , AND GARAGE INC SUCKS.IF I COULDE GIVE THIS CD ' 0 ' STARS I WOULD , THIS IS THE PANSYIST PEACE OF CRAP YOU COULD BUY . FROM NOW ON I SAY THE BAND RENAMES THEMSELF WIMPICA SO THE WORD METEL IS NO LONGER IN THEIR NAME AS ITS NO LONGEER IN THEIR MUSIC !
 No real metal band would even consider playing with a SYMPATHY ORCHESTRA even if it was offered to them for FREE.This proves Metallica have hit an all time low .
 This may be a twisted soft version of the once mighty Metallica , but come on ! Symphony orchestra ??? If you want to deliver something softer then do what Nirvana did and use acoustic guitars and soft drums , not a f *** ing orchestra ! MTV Unplugged should be your mentor for a better hits album and besides , you guys are -LSB- supposedly -RSB- heavy metal , so that just makes this look even worse.I guess the FOUR HORSEMEN have decided not to RIDE THE LIGHTNING anymore and to leave their once huge METAL MILITIA fanbase behind . I 'm sorry to say that the MASTER OF PUPPETS are now TRAPPED UNDER ICE just waiting for CREEPING DEATH to come and kill them . I can hear THE CALL OF KTULU calling them to come to the SANITARIUM where they belong so they dont KILL 'EM ALL anymore . FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS ? Metallica of course , I hope the LEPER MESSIAH comes to SEEK AND DESTROY them . These guys just dont believe theres ... AND JUSTICE FOR ALL anymore so they 've decided to LOAD and then RELOAD new , terrible music . They are THE UNFORGIVEN and UNFORGIVEN II because they have made two huge mistakes
 First off , let me tell you that I am a metal head in the purist sense of the word . Metallica have not released a metal album since their self-titled , which is n't bad , I 'd just like to state that . This album is ok , the reason I say it 's only ok is because most song on this album loose their original feel with the way James sings and with the orchestra added . It gives the old songs a different feel . My favorite on the track is ` Battery ' . Now , if you want to check out some Real symphonic metal , go listen to Therion 's previous release , Vovin . Symphonic metal with full opera vocals . Those boys know how to do it right , and have been doing it years before Metallica even thought about it . There are also quite a few black metal bands that do the symphonic metal thing , but chances are , if you 're a fan of ` new ' Metallica , you 're not going to like black metal -LRB- the most extreme music on the planet -RRB- .
 I 've been a MetallicA fan since 5th grade , 7 years ago . The first CD I ever bought was Justice . I 've been a classical music fan just as long . This is an idea I 've drempt of for years . The problem with the album is that the orchestra is n't used right . It just sounds smooth and plain , like a backbone synth track to any modern rock song . To understand what this album COULD have been , go listen to some good Tchaicovsky and in your mind , meld the amazing aspects of that with the amazing aspects of good MetallicA . That 's what this project SHOULD have been but was n't . As much as I dislike to say this , I think that the project was done to make MetallicA seem cool and innovative to a broadening -LRB- and less discriminating -RRB- fan base . Simply put
 I 've loved Metallica since `` Master of Puppets '' was released . It was one of the very first CDs I ever bought and I still have that first cassette.The ` Black ' album came out the same year I graduated from high school and since then I 've been progressively more and more disappointed with everything Metallica has done.Numerous times in high school , my band geek metalhead friends and I would get high and eventually someone would say , `` would n't it be awesome if ... '' or `` they 're totally classical , man '' or `` they should totally play with an orchestra `` No . They should n't . Yes . Of course Metallica 's first three albums have classical elements . That 's what happens when your base player is classically trained and is arguably the best base player ever . But that does n't necessarily mean an actual orchestra should play WITH Metallica while Metallica is ALSO playing Metallica.Hearing an orchestral interpretation of Metallica would be one thing but trying to listen to this album was painful . It was like I was listening to two different tracks at once and it just resulted in a headache and regret that I 'd spent $ 15 bucks on something that was so poorly executed.The orchestra distracted from a good live Metallica show and because Metallica is who they are they drown out everything else around them.Don ' t they have friends who can say , `` uh , Lars , James , that 's a REALLY bad idea . Maybe we should work on this some more . '' No they 're rich , it 's their music , and if they want to ruin it , that 's their business.A great example of how this COULD have been done is what Apocalyptica did in ' 96 . Their album `` Plays Metallica by Four Cellos '' is genuinely awesome . Four dudes . Clearly huge Metallica fans . Stripped down versions on cello with no stupid flowery accompaniment from violins or french horns or anything else stupid . Just awesome . And from Finland no less.In theory , Metallica could have done something similar . Instead they chose to play a gig with an orchestra.Bad . Just bad . And like virtually everything else they 've released since ' 91 , not worth my money .
 ... and do n't waste your time.Metallica are lost . They do n't have new ideas to offer and this is a MISTAKE . They should never get together with a Symphony Orchestra , it makes no sense.Hetfield has a big problem .
 I am a die hard Metallica fan , but now I think it is time to die . The idea of symphony and metal is pretty good , but it is not adequately represented in either of these two CDs . Hearing my favorite songs mangled by Hetfield 's quickly turning geriatric voice far from impresses me , and it seems that the classical side of the music is just an accompaniment . If the classical part of the music were just taken out , then there would be little difference . The long and short of it
 I quess people do n't remember this band in the 80 's . They were thrash metal with 8 minute songs . Then the 90 's came and they shortened their songs to get some airplay . That was fine , the music was good and they still rocked . Then they cut their hair in the mid 90 's and people said they were selling out , I thought they had alot of balls to do that . But now they have gone as far as playing with an orchestra , this is a sell out and their is no doubt about it . When I listen to this it only makes me laugh . I think I will put on my Backstreet Boys CD -LRB- kidding -RRB- , at least they were selling out from the beginning . Pick up their earlier stuff and just forget about this one .
 the sound quality in this is attrocious . It has neither the charm of a live concert recording of Metallica , or the clarity of a symphony recording . The strings are mostly muddled by the feedback from the guitars . the old favorites are played with less enthusiasm or skill than on prior live recordings , and the new tracks were not worth the time or effort to listen to . No Leaf Clover ??? WTF ??? No point including it.stay away , by the Binge and Purge , and you 'll be happier .
 This album is without question , the most insulting and humiliating disgrace to Metallica ever known . I mean really ... all the orchestra stuff extremely clashes with the greatest band in the world . . I mean Metallica is my favorite band , but I listened to this , and i couldnt believe it was finally over . I will NEVER listen to it again . During the complete process of listening , i was thinking like WOW HOW COOL it would ACTUALLY be if the horrible sound of that stuff in the background would like DISAPPEAR :--RRB- !!! but if you want a cd with with some major clashing music this is perfect for you , and I seriously hope they 're new one , St. Anger DOES NOT HAVE little extra background remixes , if ya know whati mean : - -RRB- If so , imean if this is in the future the new metallica , im divorcing them .
 I have been a Metallica fan ever since the days of Master of Puppets and I accepted the black album and after that if was obvious they sold out ! And this album just makes me laugh , if you are a true old Metallica fan you wo n't like this , but if you like NSync or Britney Spears I 'm sure you 'll love it because I see them doing a song or album together in the future !
 its pretty average but the video is ok , still average at bes
 way to mess up some really good songs like battery and the thing that should not be . this album is a thing that should not be .
 hi my name is sung pyo.lee i 'm living in seoul korea . i love rock 'n roll music N ' collecting the CD record . please send the rock information .
 to me this is metallica throwing in the towel after 20 years of solid heavy metal . -LRB- glad they did it before another reload -RRB-
 For a typical fan , it 's hard to take a good , hard look at the artistic failures of their favorite bands and acknowledge them . Even if the music 's lousy , they 'll probably rationalize it and come up with some pertinent excuse . I love Metallica and I love `` classical '' music . -LRB- Actually , the correct term is `` erudite music '' -RRB- . But I do n't particularly love this album.So , rabid Metallica fans , carefully hear -LRB- or better , read -RRB- my entire 2-star review first and then judge if it was reasonable or not . What I want to point out is : a -RRB- This is not a `` classical meets Metallica '' album.Check out Michael Kamen 's r&eacute;sum&eacute; , people . He 's a score composer - `` The Dead Zone '' , `` Highlander '' , the `` Die Hard '' series , the first `` X-Men '' movie , etc. . Although most of the great soundtrack composers of the last century -LRB- John Williams , Jerry Goldsmith , Eric Korngold , Mikl&oacute;s R&oacute;zsa -RRB- had a `` classical '' background , it 's a completely different mindset . Scores are created to serve images and dialogues on the screen - they pull the emotional strings of the moviegoer , so to manipulate what he should feel at a certain scene . On the other hand , erudite music does n't have the creative , financial & time constraints of score composition , which allows it more freedom to experiment . Plus , it does n't serve anything but itself.So S&M ; is actually closer to a `` scores meet Metallica '' album . No wonder this record starts with a soundtrack composition - Ennio Morricone 's `` The Ecstasy of Gold '' , from the Spagguetti Western classic `` The Good , The Bad and the Ugly '' -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . b -RRB- This is not a `` creative '' , `` innovative '' and `` experimental '' musical venture.No , not really . For the most part , this is Metallica matching the studio versions of their songs note-for-note and the SFO is scrambling to play around Metallica 's songs . They took the safest route . What ? Safest ? Yes , safest , because ... b. 1 -RRB- ... they get to play the songs exactly the way they are . Metallica are , notoriously , highly protective of their musical oeuvre . Check out the `` Year and a Half '' documentaries and you 'll see the kind of temper tantrums producer Bob Rock had to deal with when he suggested changes to their songs . Whatever you do , do n't tamper a Metallica song ... ever ! Nevertheless , I think the guys could have further downplayed their egos on this one . Have the orchestra musicians assume more active roles in Metallica 's music - say , let the orchestra 's lead violinist play one of the solos instead of Kirk ... or something like that.b .2 -RRB- It also pleases their hardcore fanbase , which wants to hear nearly identical versions of their favorite songs . That always striked me as being odd - if you want to hear the songs always played exactly in the same manner , stick to their studio albums . I have always thought that a live record is a situation where you can add something fresh to the songs but , apart from SFO 's inclusion in the proceedings , S&M ; sounds like the same old ... All in all , this record wo n't convert many metal fans to `` classical '' music . That is a shame , because Metallica have always borrowed from the erudite music cannon . Cliff Burton 's `` Anesthesia -LRB- Pulling Teeth -RRB- '' bass solo , for example , heavily quotes from one of Bach 's fugues . Another example is their Diamond Head cover `` I Am Evil '' , which quotes ipsis literis the introduction of Gustav Holst 's `` Mars , the Bringer of War '' . There 's other examples ... I 'll add them later , if I can.I like Metallica - and that 's why I wo n't give them a 1-star review . I ca n't give them a higher-rating review because I really feel duped . There 's so much they could have done with SF 's Orchestra , but they opted to play it safe ... Is that middle-age sinking in ? And they should have hired a proper `` classical '' maestro - that could have done so much for the music too . Claudio Abbado , Esa-Pekka Salonen , Lorin Maazel , Pierre Boulez , Valery Gergiev , and the list goes on ... but well , nevermind .
 Metallica has some pretty cool songs , but most of them are n't on S&M . I prefer listening to Unforgiven II and the song from Mission Impossible , those are my favorite Metallica songs . If I had to recommend one Metallica album it would be Ride The Lightning .
 the orchestration somehow doesnt fit together with the metal playing . you think that u are hearing two different musics playing one song and who r trying to sychronize themeselfs but they cant.if u want to hear metal with orchestra there is ONLY ONE album and no otherRAGE - LINGUA MORTISthere the music is unique , the orchestration perfect , it sounds like the orchestra was for many years playing with the band . if u once hear the RAGE 's album u throw METALLICA 's one away
 This is more like classical , its just so annoying , violins ?? on a heavy metal album , i mean come on.The only good thing i can see about this album is master of puppets , with the guitars amplified a thousand fold , its awesome.but other then that its just awlful . I know there 's a lot of people out there who love this album -LRB- my friend for instance , but he 's just weird -RRB- and maybe someday if i listen to it enough i will aswell.but i doubt it.If you dont have any metallica albums , i suggest you buy , self titled , or master of puppets.but stay well clear of this .
 I have been a Metallica Fan from the beginning . I stuck with them through thier genre changes . From ` Fast Thrash ' , to ` Slow Metal ' , to ` Hard Metal ' , Metallica have remained the MASTERS ! So when a band as high up as Metallica are , why mix your hard , head banging , riffs , with poncy slow violins and chellos . The legendary loud sounds of ` Enter Sandman ' and others are drowned by the slow harmony of the orchastra . It does n't sound good . It 's softened the hard element which we all no and love of Metallica . Advice boys ... Do n't ever do it again !
 In this `` effort '' they have moved far from their primal metal roots and tried to become something they 're not -- symphonic . While Metallica is an awesome band , this just is n't Metallica . Metallica died after the black album .
 If it were n't for the mere fact that I HAVE to give a star , this would have recieved ZERO . I 've heard better metal , I 've heard better symphony , and I 've heard better symphony/metal combinations . Too many people are doped into beleiving this is an original idea , but when you go back in history to the early 80 's , during true metal 's powerful stance upon the music scene , you see that it 's a very OLD idea . Metallica does n't even play true metal anymore , they play watered-down Korn . Please people , try some Nocturnal Rites , Iced Earth , and Hammerfall , you 'll thank me for handing out those names . Metallica was at once point a fairly good thrash band , but compared to a lot of underground artists , they were pithy at best . Notice the other albums that were purchased along with this one ? Guns N Roses , Korn , and the Mission Impossible soundtrack . Come on people , GNR , hair band from the 80s pretending to be heavy metal in the 90s and 00s , Korn , a wannabe metal band from the 90s , and MI , a soundtrack filled with horrible tracks including Limp Bizkit , a rap/rock band from the 90 's , again , claiming originality . S & M was honestly not as bad as Load and Reload , nor as bad as Garbage Inc , but it could NEVER compare to Hammerfall 's worst album , nor could it ever stand next to Kill 'Em All , or Master of Puppets for that matter . Stand up and say `` We 're not going to take this any more '' , do n't buy this album , buy something twenty times as good for 1/4 the price ... $ 11.00 for a CD with wonderous cover art , or $ 26.00 for a couple of CDs with a picture of the band on the front ? Do the math .
 While isolated pockets of resistance whine about the downfall of Metallica , I feel a need to chastise the SF Symphony for letting these amped-up headbangers share their stage . Whoever conceived the idea of rudely jamming two diametrically opposite musical groups together must be laughing pretty hard by now . Shame , SHAME on the SF Symphony for thinking they could get away with this . Stick to your classical roots , please . Even converting Mozart 's Sinfonia Concertante for violin , viola & orchestra into a duel between electric guitars would have been better than this .
 Newbie Metallica fans are hilarious . I mean c'mon they 're nothing much more than sheep being lead around by a noose on their neck . They 've never even seen a ` Metal up You 're a ** '' T-shirt , let alone worn one . Oh brother.Well at least Metallica did n't run any of their `` Kill 'em All '' material through the mud on this debauchery . But that 's probably only because they 've forgotten how to play it . But to hear Master of Puppets , Battery , and For Whom the Bell Tolls played in this fashion is disgraceful . Only Metallisheep would spend their mommy 's money on this garbage.James is obviously trying much to hard to sing like Rob Zombie on this . Guess that was the flavor of the month when they came up with this hair brained scheme . Lars playing is ridiculously off-time , but they did what they could with studio overdubs . I would n't be a bit surprised if word came out that Lars did all his drum tracks over in the studio . Even the most die-hard Metallica fan has to admit -LRB- and I was a fan up until 1989 -RRB- that Lars is a drummer of mediocre talent and was ALWAYS a wienie.Thank goodness Cliff was cremated and released into San Francisco Bay . Other wise the spinning he would have been doing in his grave for the last ten years would have separated California from the rest of the country -LRB- hey maybe that 's not too bad ! -RRB- .
 To have their early stuff butchered in this fashion makes me want to vomit . What 's next a swing album ? Be serious , could anybody see Metallica go in the direction they did if Cliff was still alive ??
 I gave it one star cause zero is not an option . They are a METAL band its an incredible disappointment to hear thier songs played by an orchestra , if your a true fan that is !
 I received the cd and the case holder was broken and the cd was scratched . i have not had a chance to get information on returning the cds . i am unable to listen to the cd well because the scratch is on several songs . i was not satisfied at all
 Orchestra sounds great ! You see , even primitive and poor Metallica songs sound not bad with orchestra ! The only problem is their `` cool metal rebel '' vocalist-millioner has no idea how he should sing ...
 First of all , it 's clear we are dealing here with extremely gifted musicians . METALLICA needs no introduction at all and Michael Kamen is an expert in music
 I have n't bought a Metallica album since the Black album . This one was a Christmas gift from my brother . I forgive him.I heard the `` No Leaf Clover '' song on the radio when this CD first came out , but even though it was surprisingly decent , I think the rest of this is just plain bad . Laziness abounds here , and the track selection is pitiful . You 'd think the band and/or the orchestra would be embarrassed to play some of these songs ; they simply do not fit the format . `` Fuel '' ? `` Devil 's Dance '' ? `` Memory Remains '' ?!? These songs are all poor examples of Metallica 's music to begin with , and completely unfit to have an orchestra `` embellishing '' them.This band could have pulled this off before the Black record , when they still WROTE songs in an orchestrated manner . Anything written after Justice would not and does not fit with an orchestra.The older songs appearing here are executed in a very unconvincing manner as well . The band seems to have spent very little time incorporating the symphony into their songs , and it shows . It 's possible that the muddy sound has something to do with it.Hetfield 's voice sounds like a hick most of the time , and when he 's not having the audience sing lyrics , he sounds bored singing them himself -LRB- this is noted very early on in the show , see `` Fuel '' -RRB- . I have a Deep Purple album called The Gemini Suite -LRB- live version -RRB- which completely blows this away . The band plays live with an orchestra on this one -LRB- all original music , by the way -RRB- , and Gemini absolutely shows what potential this format has . Plus , for all you youngsters out there , it was recorded nearly 30 years ago . Believe it or not , your heroes Metallica are not the `` groundbreakers '' many people in this review section seem to think they are . Learn your history.A waste of money and time , and another clear indication that this once great band no longer wishes to put forth the appropriate effort into their work . Avoid .
 This band just makes me want to puke my guts out.They are such back stabbing , hypocritical sellouts , it makes me sick.This latest `` album '' is another flacid attempt to makemoney . Clearly , this band has no creative integrityleft . Furthermore , they have not had an original ideain years . They are creatively stagnant.Cliff Burton must be spinning in his grave . He must bejust as sickened as I am . Metallisellout are theyworst musical `` traitors '' in history . I hate them now.This band died with Cliff .
 This is a joke right ? I mean not only do they try to take credit for doing some thing new -LRB- which is a complete lie -RRB- but they did it poorly . They have no idea how to make classical and metal combine . This band is a joke and James vocals are way too loud considering he cant sing at all anyway . If you want good classical/metal please go buy Therion or newer Rage . These bands know what they are doing .
 I saw this sea of 5 star reviews for this album , so i decidedto try and sway at least a few people away from popular belief . Wellwhat can I say but , What happened here ? I remember a band that gave me such classics as Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning . I remember a band that could tear the place apart with incredible speed and intensity . I remember a band that did n't need to have an `` image '' . Which leads me to the question ... what is this ? They 've gotten progressively worse over the years , first with black , then again with load and reload , and yet again with the horrid garage inc. . But I was not ready to give up on this band yet ... well until I listened to this . The orchestra actually detracts from the experience of these songs , and while they can still keep up to their old pace somewhat , it just is n't the same . Couple that with dreadful vocals , and a poor song selection -LRB- outlaw torn ? the memory remains ? devils dance ? -RRB- and you 've got another one for the dumpster . Today is a sad day for metal , for metallica has abandoned us ...
 I got ta say this cd just does n't do it for me . I know this differs from the majority but man I would much rather listen to any of metallica 's other work . The orchestra thing I thought was a cool idea but with the exception of maybe 3 songs it was n't needed and was a disapointment
 Monolithic thundergods of pummelling Uzi beats , methamphetamine guitar chords and malnourished coyote howling from the crumbling abyss of the apocalypse , Metallica pair up with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra for two discs of live revisions of their greatest hits -LRB- Master of Puppets , For Whom the Bell Tolls , One , Enter Sandman -RRB- . No doubt it was a noble thought ; you know , transform the staid and ultra-serious multi-member orchestra in to a Satanic philharmonic backup band for speed metal 's ruling agitators and have a go at the gruesome repetoire . ` Word to critics - we 're musical visionaries , not cow-brained macho metal gits . ' Unfortunately , the result is the opposite
 This is definitely a different approach by Metallica and any metal band for that matter . I absolutely love Metallica and yes I do own this title however if you really knew Metallica and loved their heavy stuff , this wo n't do it for you . While I only give it 2 stars , I really think that its a descent live show . I wish they would have had more than just 2 new tunes to offer up here . Pretty cool hearing some of the older Met tunes with the symphony behind them . Its not a terrible album and it may grow on me , but it does seem kind of gimmicky .
 So many others worked hard to create a subtle blend of hard metal riffs and smooth classical sounds over the years . `` Ride the Lightning '' demonstrates that Metallica too had been inspired and mixed classical guitar to COMPLIMENT songs like `` Fade to Black . '' Now , they have pathetically used every single orchestral sound they could get and have successfully OVERWHELMED and drowned out their songs . Truly a sickening and twisted sound that will make you cover your ears ! What 's worse is that they are so full of themselves that they now try to force people to belive that they are the originators of this concept.Furthermore , it seems metallica has sold out in more than one way . Has anyone noticed how `` girly '' and weak James ' voice sounds on this CD ? Hmmnnnn ... I wonder ...
 Metallica has merits . They achieved an outstanding position in rock , one achieved by mega stars like Stones , Madonna and Michael Jackson . THat position is being capable of releasing garbage after garbage and still sell millions , thanks to their fans loyalty -LRB- or blindness , call it what you want . -RRB- Congratulations , Hetfield and Ulrich . Thanks God Newsted left this false metal band forever .
 I suppose if you `` love everything Metallica does '' you 'd buy it if they had a bunch of zoo animals on stage braying while they ruin their classics . A symphony is simply too complicated and delicate for metal , period . The album starts off in an interesting way , but as soon as the distortion kicks in all you hear of the symphony is an occasional wail of violins in the quieter patches . I 've wanted a good Metallica live set for years , but this is a joke . I agree with the other reviewer , at this rate we 'll have Kenny G replacing the lead guitar on Master of Puppets . By all means , spend your money replacing those worn out tapes and scratched up cd 's of the classic Metallica stuff .
 I am very disappointed in this CD . It contains stuff which I personaly heard to too many times performed live . Same old and not very exciting stuff . The even had the nerve to put Devils Dance on it and the memory remains . Why did they even think of those ? I really hate those tracks . Reload is the only album I do n't have . The singing is not very strong either . James leaves the burden of singing to the audience . -LRB- geez ! -RRB- The should have used tracks which are better suited for an orchestra . The band is playing their same old while the orchestra is constantly trying to show their presence which I do n't feel is adding value to it all . Why did they even allow audience to the set ? Which leads to the question why did n't tape it in the studio . I suspect the guys where a bit too lazy for that . If they did there was n't a excuse left for producing a overbloated album .
 I love the band and saw this single on sale for just over a dollar , so I decided to take a chance . The a-side is the exact same , minute-long track featured on the debut album . The title of the b-side implies that it might be a demo or early version of `` Let 's Get Sandy . '' In fact , it 's just the male members of the band doing an improvised rap over a rudimentary hip-hop beat . It 's the kind of goof that never should have been released , even as the b-side to an obscure single . No reason to pick this up .
 I first heard about Be Your Own Pet in a newspaper article . The Art section raved about these young `` artists '' as though they were the best thing to happen to punk rock since The Ramones . The band members of BYOP were quoted bashing 2006 Warped Tour bands , namely A.F.I. , Senses Fail , and Against Me ! - calling them `` emo-screamo '' and `` pretentious and not real '' . Of course , this was followed by several bouts of shameless self-promotion and kiss-up comments by the author of the article.Thinking that that was a mighty bold claim for some teenagers in a garage punk band , I checked out their music . And man , did my ears regret it . Everything about this CD literally screamed -LRB- and I mean literally -RRB- - TALENTLESS . From the elementary baseline , to the simplistic guitar riffs , to the mediocre vocals , nothing about their songs ever made me consider wanting to buy their albums . If I wanted to hear teenaged garage bands spewing out random sounds , all I would have had to do was visit my local high school talent show . Thankfully , I did not spend any money listening to BYOP 's music . I encourage everyone else to do the same - for the love of Pete , please do not support this band.Admittedly , I was also a little bit jaded on BYOP to begin with when I read about them criticizing the Warped Tour bands in the way they did . I mean , not simple criticism , but just plain ripping on other much more popular bands . Of course , everyone has the right to their own opinion , but should a really good band have to underhandedly cut at other bands to gain polularity ? No . Besides , they incorrectly listed A.F.I. as an emo band , which further indicated to me that the members of BYOP have no knowledge of , or experience with , real music . -LRB- And no one , I mean NO ONE , insults Davey Havok or any of his bands in my presence . -RRB- As far as BYOP 's lyrics ... where did they come up with that stuff ? I mean , all that junk like -LRB- from another album , but nonetheless -RRB- `` I wanted a cat , my boyfriend wanted a dog , we had it out , then I threw him in a bog '' -LRB- or something like that , I do n't care enough about this band to learn their exact lyrics -RRB- ? A 12-year-old could do better . For such harsh critics of chart-topping , refined , talented bands , I would at least hope that their music would n't be entirely comprised of belted-out screaming of random lyrics that sound like they were thought up in about 10 seconds . BYOP claims to be a part of the punk rock scene , but I beg to differ . Punk rock is good . Be Your Own Pet is not .
 ... this music drags along aimlessly without any point , and is no more `` brutal '' than any other death cd out there . Do not waste your money . if you want real death , try Cannibal Corpse , Carcass , Death , or Hypocrisy .
 BAP is a German band singing in K&ouml;lsch which is the dialect spoken in Cologne -LRB- yes , where your eau de cologne was invented -RRB- . ` Aff Un Zo ' might be better than its highly disappointing predecessor ... but it remains clear that BAP 's best times are past times.The album has nothing particular to show . OK , there is hearworthy uncomplicated rock 'n' roll on ` Eddie 's Radio Show ' and ` Die Moritat Vun Jan Un Griet ' , and simple BAP pop on ` Souvenirs ' - but originality is only heard on ` Mau Mau ' with its cruchy guitar.The instrumentation of ` Istanbul ' is really beautiful but lead singer and band boss Wolfgang Niedecken sounds old , and even though the album 's title song is quite OK , it gives the impression of grandparent party . ` Noh Zahle Mohle ' is directly bad.All in all there 's little to recommend about ` Aff Un Zo ' , from some -LRB- irjenden -RRB- rock 'n' roll band which surely has put its best days behind .
 With the line up that this band boasts , I was seriously disappointed with this record . Everything from the lyrics to the chord progressions to the hooks and choruses scream `` play me on the radio '' . Im not as surprised that Artie Shepard from Errortype :11 had a hand in this as I was to see Tom Capone and Joe Grillo 's named as co conspirators.While I am in no way going to judge the motives of the band , as everyone is entitled to live off their tunes if they are presented with the opportunity and if they want to ape carbon copy bands like Sevendust or Godsmack , then so be it.But fans of any of the members previous bands would be well advised to not be duped into buying this .
 i 'm gon na stop listening to critics and publications , because NME said this was like the best thing to come from America last year . um ... not even close bud . if you told nickelback to get just a little bit harder , this is what they 'd sound like . plus the whole hating God thing is soooo 15 years ago .
 I saw these guys open up for korn and they are terrible . They also had the need to impose their wisdom on us by saying something like George W. Bush can s * ck my f *** ing d ** k - What a bunch of uneducated idiots . I guess my only satisfaction is that in a couple of years they will be asking me if I want to SuperSize my order .
 Beware this is not the Jazz Crusaders . I bought it by mistake.If you listen to the samples and check the band list it is another band who uses the same name.Beware
 Growing up during the ' 80 's I saw almost all of these shows listed on this CD . I specifically bought this CD for one theme in particular , `` Hardcastle & Mccormick '' , which I could not find anywhere else short of buying the series DVD set . How disappointing it was to find that most of the themes on this CD were not complete but instead snippets that last 1 minute -LRB- give or take 5-15 seconds or so -RRB- . And the sound quality on some of these sounds like someone put a cassette recorder up to a TV to capture the song . Not what I wanted when paying $ 30 bucks.This CD would be a good buy at $ 10 bucks or less . Any more and you are getting robbed . Now I must decide to keep this CD or try and sell or trade it to recoup my loss . I was going to buy another of the TV theme CD 's but now NO WAY !
 FOR ALL OF THE SHOWS LKE BJ AND THE BEAR , DUKES OF HAZZARD , FALL GUY , SILVER SPOONS , AND THE OTHERS SHOWS
 A few years ago when I was in a TV theme phase I got all the Television 's Greatest Hits CD 's and most of the collection is good but I was disappointed with Vol 4 , probably because I have never heard the majority of these themes and I was bored with The CD , the only themes I have ever heard are Lassie , Make Room For Daddy , Father Knows Best , Ozzie and Harriet , Davy Crocket , Gunsmoke , The Fugitive , The Untouchables , and Candid Camera , the rest are TV shows that I have never seen syndicated reruns of so I do n't know their themes . I guess a person should just stick with the Television 's Greatest Hits CD 's that have themes of TV shows that they actually grew up watching or saw on Nick at Nite or TVland .
 If this soundtrack had more clips that went with the themes to shows it would be of higher interest to customers .
 Most of these are re-renditions of the originals . Many people upon hearing these recordings are going to be very disappointed if they remember the original theme.This CD deserves zero stars . OR , at least a disclaimer somewhere that these are not original pieces .
 I bought 4 CDs here from this same seller and discovered all his Lucia Mendez CDs he sells are recorded from an old record with very terrible sound . If you are planning in purchasing this CD-R or any of Lucia Mendez CD-R that he has for sell in his store you just got ripped off , beware he has another store with a different ID name too .
 I am a fan of Lucias , and bought this CD as well.This CD has terrible sound . Its only worth 2.99 . I saw this same CD at two swapmeet only going for $ 2.99 ! Do n't buy this CD . The seller should specify the condition of the sound . Come on lets be honest to the buyers seller !!! Fans of lucia , DO NOT buy this CD!Sound is no good .
 I was surprised by the the music on this CD , the title `` Slow Music for Yoga '' gave me the impression that this would be gentle and relaxing music . The two first tracks are dark and dismal . The ambiance , if you like the sort of feeling is oppressive and foreboding . This was not the sort of setting I wished to experience in a yoga practice .
 A few years ago when I was in a TV theme phase I got all the Television 's Greatest Hits CD 's and most of the collection is good but I was disappointed with Vol 4 , probably because I have never heard the majority of these themes and I was bored with The CD , the only themes I have ever heard are Lassie , Make Room For Daddy , Father Knows Best , Ozzie and Harriet , Davy Crocket , Gunsmoke , The Fugitive , The Untouchables , and Candid Camera , the rest are TV shows that I have never seen syndicated reruns of so I do n't know their themes . I guess a person should just stick with the Television 's Greatest Hits CD 's that have themes of TV shows that they actually grew up watching or saw on Nick at Nite or TVland .
 If this soundtrack had more clips that went with the themes to shows it would be of higher interest to customers .
 Beware this is not the Jazz Crusaders . I bought it by mistake.If you listen to the samples and check the band list it is another band who uses the same name.Beware
 Most of these are re-renditions of the originals . Most people shopping for a CD like this would know right away upon hearing the samples that this CD is not what they 're looking for.Who has produced CDs with ALL ORIGINAL recordings ? This CD deserves zero stars . OR , at least a disclaimer somewhere that these are not original pieces .
 If you 're looking for some of the best TV themes created-of some of the best shows ever-volume two is probably the NUMBER ONE volume to get . Veering away from the shows of the 70s is not a bad move -LRB- have you heard the jazz fusion tracks of `` Emergency ! '' , `` Medical Center '' , & `` Police Woman '' ? Yeesh ! -RRB- This one is still a mixed bag -LRB- I mean , let 's face it , there are only so many listenable themes -RRB- , but this one is unique in that it has a number of those themes that were sung -LRB- mainly westerns , like Bat Masterson , Maverick , and Rawhide , with better lyrics and melodies than , say , The Flintstones or Gilligan 's Island 's ballads -RRB- , some of the best jazz-oriented lounge pieces , which are easily amongst the best and most listenable TV themes of all time -LRB- The Avengers , The Saint , Route 66 , Green Hornet , Peter Gunn , The Pink Panther , Bewitched , The Honeymooners , Jonny Quest -RRB- , and a number of the most complimentary TV themes , pointed toward the show 's own premise , sometimes with sound effects to boot -LRB- Daktari , Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea-you really feel as if you 're coasting the lower fathoms , Rat Patrol , Twelve O'Clock High-emitting the wild blue yonder , Hogan 's Heroes-scored to a german march -RRB- . As far as the reviews stating that a good number of these are remakes , if you pay attention to the awkwardness of sound quality from piece to piece , it 's quite evident that most of these have that non-restored sound -LRB- and why would recreations not be better dubbed ? -RRB- , cancelling out those reviews . Also , for those who believe that `` Bewitched '' and others have been modified somewhat , this is not the reason behind the additional notes . Some of these are actually the original scores , before they were cut to their shorter versions . With this in mind , it 's quite evident that `` The Avengers '' and `` Bewitched '' themes are best in their original format , as a full scoring , and not the trunkated versions used for the show . However , I can see where I would have maybe thought the same thing if I had n't known this information .
 Leslie West is a fine guitar player but this `` blues '' record is over the top in terms of guitar tone - consistently saturated -LRB- think Neil Young and Crazy Horse at their craziest or Tommy Iommi -RRB- . It sounds like he took a Mesa Boogie Triple Rectifier amp and turned everything to 11 . I do n't know about you , but I like a little nuance with my blues and that word is not in Leslie 's vocabulary . When I listened to this , I thought how great it would be if he would make another Mountain record . Unfortunately , `` Never in My Life '' does not translate into the blues . Skip this release and get `` Leslie West Live ! '' , his 1993 record .
 Most of these are re-renditions of the originals . Many people upon hearing these recordings are going to be very disappointed if they remember the original theme.This CD deserves zero stars . OR , at least a disclaimer somewhere that these are not original pieces .
 well folks I 'm a huge fan of Enchant but this DVD is a big disappointment to me . I was looking forward to the DVD and bought it right away . Do n't do the same , the sound is awful , the sound in the DVDmenu is good but once You start the concert the sound gets blurry , distant and certainly not clear as it should be . This must be a production f**k up . I ca n't imagine the boys in the band would want it to sound like this ... It 's a pity , I hope they are going to do something about it . .
 A few years ago when I was in a TV theme phase I got all the Television 's Greatest Hits CD 's and most of the collection is good but I was disappointed with Vol 4 , probably because I have never heard the majority of these themes and I was bored with The CD , the only themes I have ever heard are Lassie , Make Room For Daddy , Father Knows Best , Ozzie and Harriet , Davy Crocket , Gunsmoke , The Fugitive , The Untouchables , and Candid Camera , the rest are TV shows that I have never seen syndicated reruns of so I do n't know their themes . I guess a person should just stick with the Television 's Greatest Hits CD 's that have themes of TV shows that they actually grew up watching or saw on Nick at Nite or TVland .
 If this soundtrack had more clips that went with the themes to shows it would be of higher interest to customers .
 This is great and wonderful educational video . I give it low rating only because - I ordered the 2007 version , assuming it would be different from the prior 2003 version -LRB- which we already have -RRB- with new interviews , updated aircraft & squadrons working on a carrier . Both are identical .
 Just as the other low rated reviews say , these are NOT the original recordings . I bought the first 3 volumes in a store thinking they would be original , but was disappointed when I listened . Attention TeeVee Toons
 There are three big problems I have with this whole series of CD 's . The first is that a good number of the themes featured on them are lousy renditions of the orginals , or lousy recordings of the originals . For instance , the `` Twilight Zone '' theme -LRB- a reconstruction -RRB- sounds as if the studio orchestra did n't work off a score , but just sort of noodled something together that sounded a little like it . There is also a lot of synthesizer used , which obviously was not part of any recording in the 50 's or 60 's . The second problem is that a number of the original themes had voiceovers or singers integrated into the music . Most of the `` reconstructions '' use people who do n't even come close to sounding like the originals , and the overall effect is irritating . They could have been omitted and probably nobody would have objected.The third , and possibly the biggest , problem I have with these CD 's is that the `` themes '' are often little more than snippets of the originals . For instance , the `` McHale 's Navy '' theme is less than 35 seconds long!Invest your money elsewhere .
 This LP was produced at a time when no one was putting out such records . If they had have done the leg work and spent some money , TVT could have gotten a lot more original recordings than they did , but they decided to go cheap -LRB- to be fair though , they probably could n't afford a lot , this being their first release -RRB- . Listening to this collection now re-released on CD shows how little they care . They really should have updated it . I do n't think there is one cut on this CD that is from its original master recording . If the track sounds like crap , it 's because it was probably taken off of the TV or a bad VHS copy -LRB- It 's original but so are the themes I taped off of my TV with my portable cassette player -RRB- . The rest are all recreations in all there tinny synthetic glory . Get Smart -LRB- the guitar player was obviously right out of high school band -RRB- and Batman being some of the worst . In the 80 's there was nothing else like this set , but now you can probably get better quality recordings off the internet . For me , the only nostalgia this set conjures up is one of my many trips up a high-rise office building elevator .
 I bought this collection with the naive notion that I would get 65 pieces of nostalgia . Instead , I got 40-plus re-recorded , hollow attempts to bring the originals ' spirit alive . The rest were real , but most were the cartoon themes , and some of them -LRB- `` Flintstones '' , `` Bugs Bunny '' , `` Yogi Bear '' -RRB- sound like they were recorded off a `` nostalgic '' fifties TV set with a `` nostalgic '' mono tape recorder . I know for a fact that better recordings of these exist , so why did n't they use them ? Only a few of the live action themes were the original versions in decent fidelity -LRB- `` The Munsters '' , `` The Addams Family '' , `` Mister Ed '' , Green Acres '' , `` Superman '' , `` The Mod Squad '' -RRB- , with `` The Dick Van Dyke Show '' sounding as bad as the aforementioned three . I 've been swindled !! I heard here that later releases did a better job , but I see no reason why I should plunk down another 17 bucks to get any of them .
 If you want the original recordings , do n't purchase any volume of Television 's Greatest Hits . I 've had better luck recording the songs off of my TV with a cassette tape recorder and then dehissing them on my PC . These collections have sterile sounding fake stereo recordings of `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' and `` The Munsters '' that just do n't sound right to me . If the original recordings do n't matter to you , then you may like this CD .
 Only a handful of the themes on this CD are taken from the original recordings used on the programs . The remainder are arrangements , some on synthesizer . It 's like the CDs you find of oldies recorded by the original artists , but are only `` new stereo recordings '' and not the original recordings you were expecting . I bought this CD specifically for the Captain Kangaroo theme , only to hear it being played on a synthesizer ! And at a much faster tempo ! Surely a recording of the original song actually used on the show exists somewhere ! I have really enjoyed other CDs from TeeVee Tunes and was expecting more . I was very disappointed .
 Most of these are re-renditions of the originals . Most people shopping for a CD like this would know right away upon hearing the samples that this CD is not what they 're looking for.Who has produced CDs with ALL ORIGINAL recordings ? This CD deserves zero stars .
 This album was a huge disappointment for me . I had heard the song `` Holiness '' before I bought it and I thought it reflected the rest of the album so I bought it . I was wrong . Micah 's songwriting ability is bland and lyrically challenged . Also , I find him to be more of a screamer than a singer . He needs balance .
 There were a few of my old favorites but not many
 There were a few of my old favorites but not many
 This band has the most retarded lyrics I 've ever heard - `` Sometimes the sun goes down , sometimes it goes back up , I 'm wondering which one you are watching now . '' Huh ?? Forget about the singer 's gross melodramatic voice or the band 's boring decision to steal riffs from the Strokes - just check out those lyrics !! The sun does n't ` sometimes ' go up and down , it ALWAYS goes up and down - ALWAYS - you morons . `` I 'm wondering which one you are watching now . '' Which one ? Excuse me , last time I checked , we have only ONE sun , not two . Whatever . Maybe these hipsters should 've spent more time in school and less time working on their hair . Their first record was trying to sound like Weezer and now they 're trying to sound like Hot Hot Heat . How lame is that ? And why are these guys trying so hard to look like the Strokes ? They even have that token dude with the caucasion ` fro . I was suckered into seeing these guys at Spaceland last month and overheard the singer `` pep-talking '' his band . So embarassing . `` Okay , guys , have fun tonight but make it look natural . You never know who might be in the audience . And do n't forget , those fat girls in the front row bought some merch so pretend to be nice to them and we 'll make fun of them later . '' Cool guys .
 From Smother Magazine -LSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RSB- : The Lashes offer an explanation about why they 're not another `` the '' band
 Let me just say , I 'm not a Seattle scenester , I 'm not illiterate and I do n't like the Lashes . Sorry ! I found a copy of this EP in the used bin at my local record store so I thought I 'd give it a spin - it was only a couple bucks . Needless to say it 's going back to the used bin . Imitating the Strokes and the Killers is really played-out right now . What 's the point ? These songs are derivative with a capital `` D '' . The world does n't need one more moody-looking band with perfectly styled hair doing an inferior version of what 's already out there . The music itself is almost passable but the lyrics are really DUMB ! It 's like reading a 12 year-old girl 's diary . Even my friend said `` It sounds like these guys are about one year too late . '' The Lashes are so derivative and unoriginal I almost suspect they were `` manufactured '' to be popular . Absolutely soulless .
 im not going to lie , but i got hook with that first song in the cd . . then ... i said `` what is this ?? '' no good at all after first song , and this review is from a person that haver heard many good pop punk bands from hagfish , big drill car , green day , zoinks etc. .
 This band tries to copy everything that 's currently cool and fails miserably . Their unoriginal -LRB- and ultra-cheesy -RRB- power-pop may fool the average MTV teenybopper , but trust me , this really is awful stuff . What was Lookout Records thinking ? Believe it or not , two of the songs are loving tributes to two different Seattle rock critics in a boot-licking attempt to win their favor . It did n't work , and in the process , every musician in town knows what kind of hustler 's they 're dealing with . One song is about how hard it is to be a rich scenester boy in love . BLECCCH ! To make matters worse , their phoney-baloney press kit compares them to The Cars and Elvis Costello , and guess what , they sound NOTHING like either one . Do n't say you were n't warned .
 The above mentioned alias to my intuition wrote for a local newspaper called THE STRANGER . Sounds like some major a $ $ kissing for a hometown band of hipsters -LRB- they were featured in a fashionable urban clothing store advertisement I saw recently . -RRB- Anyway they were hyped up for a couple a years before signing a deal . Seemed like they never played any shows around here in Seattle . I wonder why ...
 This is one of those weird manufactured bands - y' know , the kind that never really toured or played much or released much - and then suddenly , mysteriously , they 're signed to a major label and making more money than your parents . First of all , these guys are upper-middle-class hipsters who pretend to be poor . It 's a schtick . Having lived in Seattle , I 've been privvy to these creeps up close . Ben Clark is not struggling I assure you . Their music is lightweight pop-fluff that tries to adopt the surface appeal of punk without being the slightest bit punk at all . They have no identity of their own , and somehow it all feels way outdated . It 's those slimey major labels with their cynical idea of what makes money - they simply regurgitate what 's already popular until the well runs dry . They do n't care about creativity . They just want stupid disposable pop for stupid mall kids to spend their money on . Some greasy white guy in a polo shirt thinks he knows what teenage girls like and so the rest of us are stuck with yet another boring disposable hunk of plastic junk . All this while truly talented deserving bands go broke . Go spend all your money on the Lashes !
 When the package arrived the CD was cracked in half and the plastic container was in pieces and todate it has not been replaced or my money returned . Sammy Zippo
 I bought this collection with the naive notion that I would get 65 pieces of nostalgia . Instead , I got 40-plus re-recorded , hollow attempts to bring the originals ' spirit alive . The rest were real , but most were the cartoon themes , and some of them -LRB- `` Flintstones '' , `` Bugs Bunny '' , `` Yogi Bear '' -RRB- sound like they were recorded off a `` nostalgic '' fifties TV set with a `` nostalgic '' mono tape recorder . I know for a fact that better recordings of these exist , so why did n't they use them ? Only a few of the live action themes were the original versions in decent fidelity -LRB- `` The Munsters '' , `` The Addams Family '' , `` Mister Ed '' , Green Acres '' , `` Superman '' , `` The Mod Squad '' -RRB- , with `` The Dick Van Dyke Show '' sounding as bad as the aforementioned three . I 've been swindled !! I heard here that later releases did a better job , but I see no reason why I should plunk down another 17 bucks to get any of them .
 If you want the original recordings , do n't purchase any volume of Television 's Greatest Hits . I 've had better luck recording the songs off of my TV with a cassette tape recorder and then dehissing them on my PC . These collections have sterile sounding fake stereo recordings of `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' and `` The Munsters '' that just do n't sound right to me . If the original recordings do n't matter to you , then you may like this CD .
 Only a handful of the themes on this CD are taken from the original recordings used on the programs . The remainder are arrangements , some on synthesizer . It 's like the CDs you find of oldies recorded by the original artists , but are only `` new stereo recordings '' and not the original recordings you were expecting . I bought this CD specifically for the Captain Kangaroo theme , only to hear it being played on a synthesizer ! And at a much faster tempo ! Surely a recording of the original song actually used on the show exists somewhere ! I have really enjoyed other CDs from TeeVee Tunes and was expecting more . I was very disappointed .
 Most of these are re-renditions of the originals . Most people shopping for a CD like this would know right away upon hearing the samples that this CD is not what they 're looking for.Who has produced CDs with ALL ORIGINAL recordings ? This CD deserves zero stars .
 Just as the other low rated reviews say , these are NOT the original recordings . I bought the first 3 volumes in a store thinking they would be original , but was disappointed when I listened . Attention TeeVee Toons
 There are three big problems I have with this whole series of CD 's . The first is that a good number of the themes featured on them are lousy renditions of the orginals , or lousy recordings of the originals . For instance , the `` Twilight Zone '' theme -LRB- a reconstruction -RRB- sounds as if the studio orchestra did n't work off a score , but just sort of noodled something together that sounded a little like it . There is also a lot of synthesizer used , which obviously was not part of any recording in the 50 's or 60 's . The second problem is that a number of the original themes had voiceovers or singers integrated into the music . Most of the `` reconstructions '' use people who do n't even come close to sounding like the originals , and the overall effect is irritating . They could have been omitted and probably nobody would have objected.The third , and possibly the biggest , problem I have with these CD 's is that the `` themes '' are often little more than snippets of the originals . For instance , the `` McHale 's Navy '' theme is less than 35 seconds long!Invest your money elsewhere .
 This LP was produced at a time when no one was putting out such records . If they had have done the leg work and spent some money , TVT could have gotten a lot more original recordings than they did , but they decided to go cheap -LRB- to be fair though , they probably could n't afford a lot , this being their first release -RRB- . Listening to this collection now re-released on CD shows how little they care . They really should have updated it . I do n't think there is one cut on this CD that is from its original master recording . If the track sounds like crap , it 's because it was probably taken off of the TV or a bad VHS copy -LRB- It 's original but so are the themes I taped off of my TV with my portable cassette player -RRB- . The rest are all recreations in all there tinny synthetic glory . Get Smart -LRB- the guitar player was obviously right out of high school band -RRB- and Batman being some of the worst . In the 80 's there was nothing else like this set , but now you can probably get better quality recordings off the internet . For me , the only nostalgia this set conjures up is one of my many trips up a high-rise office building elevator .
 I bought this collection with the naive notion that I would get 65 pieces of nostalgia . Instead , I got 40-plus re-recorded , hollow attempts to bring the originals ' spirit alive . The rest were real , but most were the cartoon themes , and some of them -LRB- `` Flintstones '' , `` Bugs Bunny '' , `` Yogi Bear '' -RRB- sound like they were recorded off a `` nostalgic '' fifties TV set with a `` nostalgic '' mono tape recorder . I know for a fact that better recordings of these exist , so why did n't they use them ? Only a few of the live action themes were the original versions in decent fidelity -LRB- `` The Munsters '' , `` The Addams Family '' , `` Mister Ed '' , Green Acres '' , `` Superman '' , `` The Mod Squad '' -RRB- , with `` The Dick Van Dyke Show '' sounding as bad as the aforementioned three . I 've been swindled !! I heard here that later releases did a better job , but I see no reason why I should plunk down another 17 bucks to get any of them .
 If you want the original recordings , do n't purchase any volume of Television 's Greatest Hits . I 've had better luck recording the songs off of my TV with a cassette tape recorder and then dehissing them on my PC . These collections have sterile sounding fake stereo recordings of `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' and `` The Munsters '' that just do n't sound right to me . If the original recordings do n't matter to you , then you may like this CD .
 Only a handful of the themes on this CD are taken from the original recordings used on the programs . The remainder are arrangements , some on synthesizer . It 's like the CDs you find of oldies recorded by the original artists , but are only `` new stereo recordings '' and not the original recordings you were expecting . I bought this CD specifically for the Captain Kangaroo theme , only to hear it being played on a synthesizer ! And at a much faster tempo ! Surely a recording of the original song actually used on the show exists somewhere ! I have really enjoyed other CDs from TeeVee Tunes and was expecting more . I was very disappointed .
 Most of these are re-renditions of the originals . Most people shopping for a CD like this would know right away upon hearing the samples that this CD is not what they 're looking for.Who has produced CDs with ALL ORIGINAL recordings ? This CD deserves zero stars .
 Just as the other low rated reviews say , these are NOT the original recordings . I bought the first 3 volumes in a store thinking they would be original , but was disappointed when I listened . Attention TeeVee Toons
 There are three big problems I have with this whole series of CD 's . The first is that a good number of the themes featured on them are lousy renditions of the orginals , or lousy recordings of the originals . For instance , the `` Twilight Zone '' theme -LRB- a reconstruction -RRB- sounds as if the studio orchestra did n't work off a score , but just sort of noodled something together that sounded a little like it . There is also a lot of synthesizer used , which obviously was not part of any recording in the 50 's or 60 's . The second problem is that a number of the original themes had voiceovers or singers integrated into the music . Most of the `` reconstructions '' use people who do n't even come close to sounding like the originals , and the overall effect is irritating . They could have been omitted and probably nobody would have objected.The third , and possibly the biggest , problem I have with these CD 's is that the `` themes '' are often little more than snippets of the originals . For instance , the `` McHale 's Navy '' theme is less than 35 seconds long!Invest your money elsewhere .
 This LP was produced at a time when no one was putting out such records . If they had have done the leg work and spent some money , TVT could have gotten a lot more original recordings than they did , but they decided to go cheap -LRB- to be fair though , they probably could n't afford a lot , this being their first release -RRB- . Listening to this collection now re-released on CD shows how little they care . They really should have updated it . I do n't think there is one cut on this CD that is from its original master recording . If the track sounds like crap , it 's because it was probably taken off of the TV or a bad VHS copy -LRB- It 's original but so are the themes I taped off of my TV with my portable cassette player -RRB- . The rest are all recreations in all there tinny synthetic glory . Get Smart -LRB- the guitar player was obviously right out of high school band -RRB- and Batman being some of the worst . In the 80 's there was nothing else like this set , but now you can probably get better quality recordings off the internet . For me , the only nostalgia this set conjures up is one of my many trips up a high-rise office building elevator .
 Montecrossa sings covers of Bob Dylan 's songs . Bob Dylan himself does not appear in any of the CDs . Do n't be confused as I was by the packaging of this thing .
 Montecrossa sings covers of Bob Dylan 's songs . Bob Dylan himself does not appear in any of the CDs . Do n't be confused as I was by the packaging of this thing .
 A little history on Vaux - the band used to be called Eiffel , and Volcom has taken great care to make sure everyone who looks at this CD knows it ; my only question is `` who is Eiffel ? '' It seems like the label is really pushing for people to know about this name change , but when you 've never heard of the former name , why care ? Anyway , onto the music.This four song EP is ... difficult , if nothing else . The band seems to take pride in making all four tracks abrasive and cold , taking the mathmatics of Fugazi and mixing it with the rock of Snapcase , while incorporating the art-rock/emo style of , say , early Braid -LSB- think `` Frankie Welfare Boy Age 5 '' -RSB- . The music itself is n't bad at all , it 's just hard to swallow unless you really dig this kind of metallic post-artcore -LSB- I think I just made up a new subgenre - go me ! -RSB- . The band definitely sounds like they have their chops down , and would be a force to be reckoned with live -LSB- considering they 're a sextet -RSB- . I just do n't know who to recommend this to . I 'd say download the MP3s below and see if you dig it , because honestly I do n't know what the `` target demographic '' for a band like this would be .
 In 2002 , the first four Camel albums were reissued with remastered sound and extra tracks in regular jewel case versions.Later , followed LP-mini-sleeve versions of those four titles . `` Moonmadness '' & `` Snow Goose '' were issued in mini-sleeve format in 2001 ; `` Camel '' , `` Mirage '' & `` Live Record '' in 2002 . The first two titles , `` Camel '' and `` Mirage '' , in their mini-sleeve incarnations , are the same exact remasters/extra trax versions as their jewel-cased counterparts.HOWEVER : `` Moonmadness '' is not . It has no extra tracks , and sports a remaster that is quite a bit louder than the first two titles.The same is true for the `` Snow Goose '' jewel-case & mini-sleeve versions ; the MS has a different -LRB- louder -RRB- master and no extra tracks.It 's unfortunate that JVC did not avail themselves of the expanded versions of `` Moonmadness '' & `` Snow Goose '' , and anyone who buys these mini-sleeve versions should be aware of the difference.In the case of `` Moonmadness '' , the loss of the extra tracks is especially unfortunate
 I did not think that this movie was all that great . I bought it about 7 years ago and I have only watched it once -LRB- if that -RRB- . There are much better Christmas Movies out there for your time and money .
 `` Troggs Roar Through a Dozen Rocking Numbers '' says the review ... uh , where exactly is the ` roaring ' ... ? Do n't get me wrong-I love the Troggs . Wild Thing is a classic moment in pop history.Their garage R-n-R still holds up to this day , even with the limitations of their top 40 pop image.But there 's a good reason this album was never released in the US - and that 's because it 's full of limp , orchestrated pop songs sung in a wimpy Prozac style.Come on guys , you do n't even mean it . And it shows . ` Love is All Around ' is the exception but that 's available on many re-releases . The only thing that saves this sad effort is the many bonus tracks.For fans and completists only .
 This CD sounds completely different from their later work , but it 's still a lot of fun . Doug MacMillan 's voice has definitely improved since this album , when it seems as if he was trying to emulate Morrissey . Reminds me of the college dorm and listening to The Smiths , old REM , and The Cure .
 This album has muddy production , unrealized melodies , and a much more ragged sound than any of the subsequent Connells albums . For completists only .
 This is a fair if not rushed effort from 3EB . I loved their self titled album and New Girl from the American Pie soundtrack . My high hopes were quickly dashed after the pretty good , if not short Anything . Deep Inside of You is really the only other outsanding song on this CD . The rest are hard to understand brecause of a overly heavy use of echos , midi , and other uneeded audio effects . My question is why ohhh why ! Third Blind has always had great music , vocals , and lyrics . Why do you cover them up by these ugly sounding effects ? Please , 3EB , next time stick to what made you such an outstanding band , great sounding , hard rocking , heart felt music !
 I must admit I was greatly disappointed in Third Eye Blind 's follow up CD . Unlike their first album in which each of their songs were unique , the songs of Blue seem to run together . And no matter how many times you listen to it , this is not a CD that grows on you ... . hopefully , their third CD will not be such a disappointment .
 After 3eb 's stellar first album , i was looking forward to this one . After hearing it , i was really disapointed . There are only 3 or 4 decent songs on this album . `` Never Let You Go '' is the best by far . I was puzzled by the previous reviews , i 'm just telling it like it is .
 well , when i got this cd , i was expecting it to sound something like their first album , which i listened to Constantly ! It had so much meaning to me , and i felt that it had alot of emotion-a big factor that I look for when I choose music . But , when I started to listen to Blue ... I was like , `` This ca n't be them '' . I did n't really care for the cd too much and thought it was too `` poppy '' I gave it a spin a couple more times , and it did kinda of grow on me . But , now I do n't even listen to it hardly because I 'm still expecting that depth that I got when I listened to that first album , and I 'm not getting that with this album . So , I would try to sample it before I bought it if I were you ... overall rating ? so-so good .
 This cd did not live up to my expectations . I had hoped that it would be like their last album but it was not . I saw 3Eb in concert and I thought it was great . Now they have disappointed me . Please tell me if this was helpful .
 If you loved their first album like I did and still do you will be disappointed with this mess . Yes there are a FEW decent songs on here but they stray so far from their first album its almost annoying . I have tried to give this album many listens and I still cant get fully into it . Thank god I didnt pay for it -LRB- I got it as a promo -RRB-
 Well this being 3EB 's 2nd CD I would have hoped for more but the days of buying a CD with 13 great songs have long sinced passed . Filler is back and corporate poltics runs rampent . It 's an outrage that the label censored `` Slow Motion '' . With all the rap they have on board < Electra > I can not believe they had to cut this song down to the chorus . And the fact that they -LRB- 3EB -RRB- gave in , is , I guess 90 's rock stars . It also shows they could not write a better song to put in its place . Their first single `` Anything '' is horrible ! I almost did not buy this CD based on hearing that . The next few Tracks `` Wounded '' and `` 10 Days Late '' are forgetable . The next two songs will be The Hits ! `` Never Let You Go '' and `` Deep Inside Of You '' Catchy and well done , clearly the standouts from Blue . Tracks 6 through 11 are filler and forgetable . Track 13 `` Darwin '' is very good but could have had more lyrics . I listened to this CD about 10 times and I thought it was growing on me cause I really wanted to like it but for the most part the songs do n't stick . These days the 2 hits on this CD could make it a top seller , will shall see . Hope they spend more time and effort on their next CD . And that 's The Honest Review .
 I selected this CD based on having heard one tune , `` Never Let You Go . '' Big mistake . While this song is very good , the rest of the album failed to meet my expectations . I expected to hear more poppy tunes with quirky instrumentation , cool changes , and tight playing . The rest of the album may as well have been written and performed by a completely different band .
 This band shows some promise with their songwriting , but it 's lacking in certain areas . The first is separation
 `` Blue '' is not even close to what Third Eye Blind achieved on their self-titled debut . Although there are a few good songs here -LRB- `` Anything '' , `` Never Let You Go '' , `` Deep Inside Of You '' -RRB- most of the CD sounds as though TEB was trying too hard to repeat the success of their previous release .
 I like the album , but that 's because I 'm a softy . The production is still as spotless as it was on their debut ; musically , they 've fallen into the same pop/rock Venus fly trap that ensnares all but the best modern groups . `` Ten Days Late '' is fun -LRB- `` Funny how you always cried out daddy , '' he says ! -RRB- and there 's a good line in `` Camouflage '' -LRB- `` We walk along like a sequel/You 're a cameo '' -RRB- , but it just is n't really good , particularly in comparison with their debut , which I thought was a knockout . Listening to `` Blue , '' I bet they 've never heard the Joni Mitchell album .
 I 'm a huge Third Eye Blind fan , but i am so sorry to state that their album '' Blue '' truly is uncomparebale to it 's former self titled debut album.Third Eye Blind is a band with a lot of potential , but they somehow woke up from the wrong side of their bed and gave us '' Blue '' . A very hard hitting album , full of noise -LRB- which i guess they call music in the album -RRB- . The song tunes are very bad and nothing in comparision to the former brilliantly composed album.The plus point about the album are the lyrics . . well they are good . . but they really do n't go well with the noise produced . The only good song which truly represents a good work from the band is '' Never let you go '' . However , the song does n't form the backbone of the cd , therefore i wouldnt suggest you to buy the album just for this single , instead buy the single seprately and save your ear 's the ache.Im a music lover . . and I 'm a Third Eye Blind fan as well , but i will not recommend you to buy this album , because in my opinion the album fails misreably to give quality music and to me quality is what matters from any band or artist . Third Eye Band have the quality in them , they did show it to us in their first album , i guess they 've gone off track now with the success of their former.I 'm disappointed with '' Blue '' , But i do have hope for the band to give us something much better in the future .
 third eye blind is one of the worst artists on the rock scene today , just bad . Do n't waste your money , -LRB- get the new weezer album when it comes out in the fall . -RRB-
 This album MAKES me blue ! I heard this in Tower Records a couple weeks ago and I 've got to say that 3EB should have spent more time coming up with better tracks than this ! This is cr $ % compared to their first album . The only SEMI-decent songs on this album are `` Anything '' and `` Never Let You Go '' . The rest of the songs are all rubbish . The songs on this does n't even compare in quality and ingenuity to their first album . ALL of the songs on their first one are catchy , excellent songs you can really feel , like `` Losing A Whole Year '' , `` Semi-Charmed Life '' , and `` Jumper '' , for instance ; but the songs on this one , Blue , are all just ... blue . They have no catchiness to them , no feeling to them , no ingenuity or creativity to them . Do n't you agree with me ? 3EB should n't have even come out with this st@#$* album . The only reason I gave this album 2 stars instead of 1 star is because it is in the rock genre and because of `` Anything '' and `` Never Let You Go '' . But I 'll definitely let go of this album in a heartbeat !
 Words can not express my dismay at this album . Their debut to me was a five-star masterpiece of pop-rock . It was simple , but good . Somehow , 3EB has managed to keep essentially the same sound -LRB- simple hooks , singable choruses -RRB- yet this album is so much worse.The passion and energy of the first album are gone . When Stephan Jenkins sings `` I 'll never let you go , '' it 's like a wimpy pop ballad gone wrong ; when he sings about his girl being `` Ten days late , '' it 's unconvincing and flat . Song after song on this album have that unmistakeable sound yet they all fail to match the power of the first album . I might have given it 2 stars if it were n't such a BIG let down .
 Although Blue has a few worthwhile songs -LRB- Wounded , 1000 Julys -RRB- , it is best described as a vomit-inducing decaying pile of ... . -LRB- To put it lightly -RRB- The poetic lyrics and mellow instrumentals that defined Third Eye Blind as more than just another mainstream rock band have been traded in for empty babblings that have relatively no artistic value . In fact , many of these songs made me doubt Jenkins ' sanity . Does he really feel that strongly about basketballs , or did he simply need a cheap rhyme ? Although this album may appeal to a larger group of people , it is defintely a step down from the lyrical genius that was Third Eye Blind pre-Blue .
 I must say , there was evidence of hard-work , but Third Eye Blind just could n't pull it off . No songs grabbed my attention like Semi-Charmed Life , Graduate , or How 's It Gon na Be . Jenkins sometimes broke out into an annoying wine , and a high-pitched sound that was a bit annoying . The only two songs that I enjoyed were `` Anything '' and `` Never Let You Go '' , and still these songs did n't spark anything inside of me . One of the things that absolutely shocked me is that one of their songs has a vulgar and horrible meaning ! Slow Motion -LRB- on their album -RRB- is about wife-beating and the alike ! Another thing is that , most bands I like I stay loyal to , so I automatically like their songs , but this album did n't make me stay loyal to 3eb . I prefer their debut album.If you have n't gotten their debut album , get it , it is much better than this one .
 i loved the self-titled first cd of 3EB . it ranks as one of my all-time favorites . the songs were perfect . ` blue ' is alright , but is , by no means , as good as the first album . it left me cold and disenchanted . the songs did n't have the evocative , raw quality of the first album and i was really disappointed . i do like ` anything ' . but that 's about all i like about ` blue ' .
 `` Blue '' , Third Eye Blind 's second studio album , is really not even comparable to their self-titled debut . Although there are a few bright spots -LRB- `` Anything '' , the CD 's best song , and `` Deep Inside Of You '' -RRB- , most of the CD sounds forced and too much like the debut -LRB- `` Never Let You Go '' being a perfect example -RRB- . All in all a very disappointing result from a band that appears to be in some trouble , with this CD and with the departure of guitarist Kevin Cadogan .
 I have long been a fan of Third Eye Blind and considered it one of my favorite bands . I enjoyed their first album immensely and listened to it many times . Though people complained about their rough sound , I appreciated the pure rock of `` Third Eye Blind '' . `` Blue '' , however , is completely different . 3EB 's crossover into pop is a disappointment to me . Their style has changed immensely . -LRB- One or two of the songs even faintly reminded me of Savage Garden -RRB- Though I can see how that might appeal to many new people , it 's a different audience than the fans of the old Third Eye Blind . Frankly , the thrill of the old 3EB is gone , replaced with a more `` acceptable '' -LRB- albeit boring and cliched -RRB- sound .
 I like 3eb . But as i browsed the lyrics of the new album , I couldnt help but feel that the band was pushing what they had so that they could get an album out before christmas . Its still 3eb but songs like '' 10 days late '' are horrible . imagine sitting down and writing a song like that . there has been alot of conversation about the edited track '' slow motion '' . The morons at the record company strike again , keeping meaningful music out of the ears of America . Everyone needs to hear this song , personally I can live without the album .
 What a shame ... . The first is album is great from end to end but `` Blue '' fails to live up to its predecessor . There are only about 3 or 4 solid songs on this CD . The album is self-produced and it shows . There is some really bad -LRB- see experimental -RRB- vocal work on it -LRB- `` An Ode To Maybe '' and `` The Red Summer Sun '' -RRB- that probably would have been cut by a decent producer . The majority of the songs fall under `` experimental '' and the result is a disjointed , disappointing second CD .
 I hate the song `` Never Let You Go '' because it stuck in my head and never gets out . It is also very annoying
 sweet songs if u like that trendy bs . if u like that blinky dinky 182 cheese then u would also like this pop corn sheeeat .
 this band of poseurs are terrible , their music is insincere & unoriginal & the singer is totally void of talent . these guys are equivalent of poison or ratt in 80s - all glamour & glitz & no substance . .
 I 'M SURE THIRD EYE BLIND , BLUE IS A GREAT CD , EXCEPT FOR THE UNNECESSARY LANGUAGE IN A COUPLE OF THE SONGS . I BOUGHT THE CD FOR MY 9 YEAR OLD SON AND HAPPENED TO READ THE LYRICS BEFORE I GAVE IT TO HIM . IT IS CERTAINLY NOT SOMETHING THAT YOU 'D GIVE TO YOUR 9 YEAR OLD . TOO BAD , CAUSE I LIKE THEIR SOUND .
 The only reason I bought this album was because of the catchy single ` Never Let You Go ' , I thought is was a cool song , so I bougbought the album . When I got home , I put it into my cd player , I did n't like the 1st song , so I skipped to the next song , I liked it , listened 1/2 way through the 3rd song , and skipped it , the I got to ` Never Let You Go ' I loved it . Then as the record went on I notice I was going to sleep , maybe because the rest of the album -LSB- is bad -RSB- . This is a sorry excuse for a rock album , by a sorry excuse for a rock band . 3 words
 after hearing never let you go i thought this group was influenced by the group Yes.remember Owner of a lonely heart ? but this disc is very run of the mill.along the lines of Poison , Raitt , Warrent , Skid Road , etc. . . meaning catchy enough to get a whatever happen to them now ? in like a couple of years.the vocals , lyrics , & music have no substance .
 I was disappointed by this CD , relative to 3EB 's earlier release.What I really liked about their earlier release was the balance between powerful , driving music and inventive melodic lyricism . To my ears , Blue does n't share this balance . It is heavy , thick , and loud , but not clever or fun . Jenkins and company have great skill and I 'm eager to see future releases , but this did n't live up to my hopes . -LRB- In contrast , Green Day 's `` Warning '' was very good . -RRB-
 Utterly disappointing . No more than two or three good songs . The rest are just boring or dumb . Absolutely nothing original on this CD . Does n't even come close to matching their first CD .
 Bland , unoriginal , a poor copy of the original albulm -LRB- which was good -RRB- . This band lacks the sophistication to progress musically over time ; instead , they decline .
 I bought this album based on the first single `` Never Let You Go '' . Boy am I sorry . I thought maybe if I continued to listen it would grow on me , but that just is n't the case.I would say skip this unless you find it used .
 There is very little innovative about Third Eye Blind . Although I bought into their catchy song `` Semi-Charmed Life '' off their first album , I later found Third Eye Blind an easily forgetable band . With their new album album `` Blue '' , they deliver corporate rock at it 's finest . Along with their brethren Tonic and Matchbox 20 , they produce catchy , yet meaningless songs for the listener who does not expect much from the music they listen to . Alot of people enjoy music like this . But for the serious music fan , Third Eye Blind is mindless drivel .
 After the quality of the first recording , I expected a lot more from a sophomore effort . Boring , is a good word for this CD . Go get the new Stone Temple Pilots , or even the new Filter . I do n't know what happed to Third Eye Blind , but they 'd better go back to the original formula .
 3eb made a huge mistake firing guitarist and song writer Kevin Cadogan and it shows on their latest album which is a miserable failure . The frustration and angst that made their first album so great is completely absent from Blue which takes on a bubble gum sound . Sadly , 3eb can now be put in the pop charts with Britany Spears and the Backstreet boys . Blue only succeeds in making you blue . It reeks . If I could give it 0 stars , I would .
 About half of this CD is worth the money . It 's generally a good CD , but some of the tunes are somewhat unremarkable compared to the debut album ... which is the CD that drew us to the band in the first place.The most upsetting thing with this and other modern discs is the copyright protection . In order to make a compilation CD of the two discs I have of them I had to record the six songs I like on this CD using line in . This made it a pain in the neck.I paid for this CD , should n't I have the right to break it down in to a compilation using the software and equipment I also paid for?This kind of stuff only drives people to the pirating sites where it 's easier to compilate the stuff you want . Copyright protection does n't deter those who would profit from pirating because they can overcome the protection or simply record a copy using line-in then fast burn all the copies they want after that.Copyright protection only hurts the music enthusiast like me , who do n't mind paying for the music but feel I have the right to make a backup copy , a copy for my 200 disc changer and excerpt only the songs I like to another disc.For this reason , I 'm upset that I ever bought this CD.Support independent artists who believe the consumer has rights too . The entertainment industry is one of few that do n't offer satisfaction guarantees ... even Wal-Mart will let you return a lamp , even if you do n't like the way it lighted a room after a week.Rant over
 Third Eye Blind writes some interesting melodies and some good lyrics . Now they need an actual singer . Stephan Jenkins 's voice is the Before picture in a Charles Atlas ad for singers -- it 's so thin that you could floss your teeth with it.Until they get a real singer or Jenkins drastically improves , this band is never going to make a real impact .
 Well , what can I say this CD is about as bad as any other teen hit band . Bad lyrics , elementary guitar lics and drum fills bombard the listener and you basically leave feeling stupider . Whats wrong Third Eye Blind , you are n't getting payed enough ? What these guys need is some music lessons , but in the meantime please do n't rush out and buy this CD !
 I was surprised about how good the first record was . Anthemic songs that reverberate and have n't gotten old . I really liked it after the first listen , even if all the kids were digging it , and my friends were ripping on me for liking it -LRB- and saying so -RRB- . The first song on `` Blue '' kicks in the same way.The rest is overblown `` we have to spend the advance money on something other than cars and girls '' garbage . Whatever . I was so embarrased when I bought this that I picked up 2 John Zorn cd 's just to balance it out , hoping for the best.Now I feel justified . John Zorn makes music . Third Eye Blind -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- makes money .
 If I had simply heard this album , not knowing who the band is , I would n't have thought much of it and would n't be writing this review . But I know who the band is and know what they are capaple of from their first album . The self titled ablum was inventive and creative , like nothing I 'd ever heard before . It is one of my favorite CDs . ` Blue ' does n't even come close to this . It is just another example of bad pop music . It lacks poetry and intelligence . On the first album , each song set a certain mood and had a certain emotion . This album has no emotion at all . When I listened to it the first time I was actually annoyed by it . You ca n't even hear what Stephen Jenkins is singing about on half the album . My advice to those who want to check out Third Eye Blind , definitely pick up their self titled album , skip this one , and pray the next one is better .
 Even if their first album was labled as sounding like `` Corporate Rock '' it was still much much better . This CD , while maybe being more `` artistic '' really has no memorable songs . 3Eb 's first album was by far more entertaining , with many more `` radio ready '' songs that you easily got stuck in your head.If your thinking of buying this CD try and listen to it first and I think you 'll change your mind.For anyone that has the first CD , do n't buy this one ; it will only disappoint you .
 Track One
 I bought it for my husband who likes the band and he really did n't like the cd at all . He found a song or two that he did n't mind , but really did n't like it . It could just be us , but we were n't entertained at all .
 I 'm happy that some people really like this album and truly enjoy it . But you wo n't hear me calling it genius ... not in a million freakin years . 3EB is n't a musically challenging band . Sure they can play their instruments but there is n't anything remarkable , innovative , or inspiring about the songs and lyrics found in BLUE . What got me into the first album was n't the radio friendly , disposable chart music like `` Semi-charmed Life '' but the more subtler tracks not gaining airplay . The rest of the album relfected a band wanting , fighting for success and recognition . Their compositions and thoughtful lyrics earned them that recognition . I never get tired of the first album . The vibes are still there when tracks like '' . . whole year , '' `` Jumper , '' `` Motercycle Driveby , '' `` The Background , '' `` I Want You , '' `` God Of Wine , '' and `` How 's it Gon na Be '' are spinning in my player . It 's too bad I do n't get those same vibes when listening to Blue . Blue was n't an easy first listen ... and it did n't get any easier . The depth and integrity found in the first album are gone . 3EB 's burning desire is gone .
 This CD is okay music-wise , but the lyrics are depressing ! I do n't know how anyone could enjoy a song like Ten Days Late , which is about an unwanted pregnancy , and the immature , selfish reaction to it.Deep Inside of You is almost as bad . 3eb often writes about pathetic , manipulative relationships.There is nothing good , happy or spiritual to listen to here . It is all about obssesion with carnality and the misery that lifestyle creates.If you are a teen go ahead and buy this CD . You may be able to relate , but if you are an adult pass ! This stuff is beneath you .
 i have n't heard a sound of this theme song whats up your web site is for the birds .
 For more reviews , and a more thorough review of this album check out http://twowaymonologues.blogspot.comIf you are like me and you are a big Jack Johnson fan , or even if you are just fan enough to own one of his albums , then you have likely been exposed in one way or another to G. Love . He appears on quite a few Jack Johnson songs , and usually brings `` The Special Sauce '' who until this album had always been featured on G. Love 's records as G. Love and the Special Sauce . This cd however , is without the special sauce and therefore is a solo effort . I always thought The Special Sauce was just a bit of window dressing , and so I anticipated this cd to sound similar to what I had heard from him previously . That was a bad assumption . If any of you have heard G. Love before the best way to sum it up is that he usually sounds similar to Jack Johnson but more rocking , and his voice has a bit more range.And that is partially the problem with this album , the range . Every song seems to go in a different direction , and sometimes it works and sometimes it fails miserably . This album has funk / white boy rap / blues / alternative / Beatles rip off / chill surf music / even a bit of country . Needless to say that is an ambitious list of genres to try and cover in one album . Further examination of the booklet shows me that Jack Johnson only produces one song , even though it is on his record label . That might very well be the problem . An album can have range so long as it is cohesive , and the transition from song to song makes sense . Want an example ? Andre 3000 . This album has no cohesiveness , and therefore probably misses its mark with most listenersSongs I recommend
 This guy is the most annoying `` artist '' out there . How he has a record contract is beyond me . I would n't walk across the street to see this `` act '' . Are the rest of you tone-deaf ? This guy has no talent , just the xxxxs to get in front of an audience . Did n't Bon-Jovi write `` You Give Love a Bad Name '' about him ?
 Oh , my God ! Tell me why he even made this single ? What was the point of telling somebody `` I got cha money '' ? This cut is the sorriest song I 've heard in a while .
 For those not in the `` know '' there are TWO Raw Power 's . The origional from 1973 produced by David Bowie which is a classic . Then around 1997 the record company forced Iggy to remix -LRB- not remaster BUT remix -RRB- the album . You do n't alter the Mona Lisa , why alter Raw Power?The result is a nearly unlistenable mess . Iggy cranked the recording levels so high some tones are lost from the origional recordings.There are bootlegs and demo 's out there with better quality than this thing ... good luck finding the origional CD or vinyl that was available before this masterpiece was ruined .
 I can not believe Iggy Pop had the gall to completely trash this album -LRB- via his ill-done `` remix/remaster '' -RRB- . He will go down in history as , man oh man , Amazon wo n't let me post words for it . Other reviewers have sliced and diced the specifics better than I ever could , just let me say that this is NOT the same album that I listened to for years , on vinyl and CD , and that Iggy is a mega-jerk to label this `` original '' so that anyone looking for the * real * original will just find this charade.The real , Bowie-produced original album , is for me one of the critical rock albums that will `` change your life , '' an incredible experience .
 I have to agree with others that are NOT impressed with this release.I decided to buy the `` Legacy Edition '' since my CD copy of Raw Power -LRB- the 1997 -- Iggy remaster -RRB- is in another state . I was craving the specific sort of brutality Raw Power provides . So , I thought , `` Sure ! Why not get an alternate mastering plus some bonus material I did n't have ... '' It seemed a good investment to be able to hear one of my favorite albums again ... Unfortunately , the Legacy Edition is frustrating to listen to . I 'm not an authority regarding the history of the mixing process of this album . All I 've read is the liner notes from the 1997 CD release , and it sounded like a mess -- making/assembling an `` album '' seemed a daunting task . I have no idea what the original version sounded like , and this may be spot on . While some people find the 1997 version abrasive and `` in the red , '' that version at least attempts to harness the urgency and essence of this material . Plus , you can hear the BAND . The Legacy Edition showcases the vocals and lead guitar lines , well . However , I do n't know what they did to make the rhythm section sound like they are several rooms away -LRB- i.e. VERY LOW in the mix -RRB- . The most fun I 've had listening to this version is turning it down -LRB- or off -RRB- . Actually , it is entertaining at low volume in the car ; you pretend some sort of tiny angry , drunken rambling man is having an argument with a guitar ... which may be the deeper premise of Rock & Roll ... ??? Seriously , that 's ALL you will hear.The original material and the band get a full five stars , but the `` Legacy Edition '' fails to deliver . At least the live tracks and other material soften the blow of spending $ 14.99 . The bottom line is I 'm looking forward to getting my CD back ...
 If Iggy Pop 's idea of `` restoring '' a classic protopunk album is cranking it up 30dB in the digital domain , so that it clips beyond belief and completely trashes the audio , then he succeeded . Seriously , this album is ruined by digital distortion -- you could just as easily have `` restored '' the old CD yourself by running it through a cheap guitar distortion pedal . Actually , the result probably would have been better.The CD does n't sound `` modern , '' it does n't sound `` hot , '' it does n't `` rock . '' There are no dynamics at all on this version , everything is maximum volume and distorted all the time . So in the climax of the song , when Iggy screams , it 's no louder than when the song started , leaving a person completely unmoved . By then most people have tuned out the song anyway , since the lack of dynamics causes a loss of interest . Stay away from this CD .
 Raw Power is considered a masterpiece by many perhaps for featuring a radically different sound and influencing the punk rock genre , but really , Fun House is a MUCH better and easier listening experience . I just ca n't tolerate what the band was trying to do on this release.That 's my problem and you probably should n't listen to me since , after all , most people consider Raw Power a classic that influenced thousands of punk rock bands many years later -LRB- well , as soon as punk rock was considered an acceptable genre , which did n't happen until at least five years after this albums release . I guess you could make an exception for the Ramones -RRB- . For me though , Fun House has a more pleasing sound and features a better selection of songs as far as songwriting goes . I guess I ca n't handle my hard rock to be * this * dirty . A song like `` Shake Appeal '' is just ... too nasty and uninteresting to me . Whereas everything on Fun House is not nearly as nasty and just rocks exceptionally hard . To me , that makes Fun House better .
 Just listen to some previews and get ready to turn your speakers off . It 's a shame this album was remastered this bad , and people keep buying it because they think a remaster has to be good . It 's a shame , because this is Iggy 's best album .
 The best unreleased tracks will be on the 3 CD `` Deluxe Edition '' which will retail at over $ 60 ! That 's a rip off and a good reason to pass this up . All you really get here is the Atlanta show , but the sound quality is n't fantastic - the piano is louder than either guitar !
 Whether prodded by the record company or being a willing participant , the concept was solid in having Iggy Pop remix `` Raw Power . '' Unfortunately , his heavy metal `` wall of sound '' blasts any opportunity of setting the record straight on the endless debate/sniping by fans and critics on the original project , while also enhancing the larger-than-life legacy of the album and The Stooges.Those who have collected the variety of releases that feature demos/mixes of the eight tracks will hear the hard rock sound from those tapes , which follows the revolutionary trail being carved by Led Zeppelin and a departure from the path of the original line-up that was paved by The Doors . But the amped up digital distortion is like hearing Motorhead at a gig that has a malfunctioning sound system . It even blurs the iconic and timeless lyrics that often strike hard with a flaming stick at the ugliness of the beautiful people in pop culture . The `` red zone '' sound works best on `` I Need Somebody , '' with the price of admission better served through the lengthy interview of Iggy that dominates the booklet.Iggy had botched the mix in 1973 , which forced David Bowie to enter the studio very late in the game to save the project from ending up in a dusty vault by stripping away `` layered '' guitars , keyboards , backing vocals and percussion . Bowie slightly opened a door that found punk rockers smashing down a few years later , while clutching what was then the mostly forgotten and dismissed album . That movable structure is slammed shut by Iggy and you ca n't come in .
 I bought this when it first came out in 72 , and I pity 14 year old kids today who do n't have a record like this `` to do all the things that kids are n't supposed to do '' to -LRB- if that makes any sense -RRB- . If my old vinyl copy could talk , I 'd be in jail for the rest of my life . That is , if I could find the damn thing . And that 's a BIG deal , because the remastering of this album completely ruins one of the wildest listening experiences ever created . On the original album , every tune sounded like it was recorded in different venue with a different producer . Every mix was completely different , and by objective standards , unbelievably horrible . By subjective standards , however , the uniquely ridiculous sound of each track made for one of the ten best rock and roll albums ever . `` Search and Destroy '' was all trebled-out , overdriven Stratocasters and virtually no bass , with an up-front metallic clanking throughout that really hurt the ears , even at low volumes -LRB- listen to any track on the Mary Chain 's Psychocandy to hear roughly what it used to sound like -RRB- . Raw Power growled away muddily , with lots more low-end sludge than on this version . Death Trip sounded just like the name implies , with the lead guitar sounding like it was recorded with the mike about an inch away from the amp , and turned up to 11 with an outrageous treble boost . Shake Appeal -LRB- which fares best on this CD -RRB- sounded like it was recorded in muddy mono , until the up-riff ended , and then the power chords exploded in a huge wall of stereo sound , and then shrank back to mono -LRB- the effect was mind-boggling at high volume -RRB- . But the crown-jewel , the piece-de-resistance , was `` Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell . '' If ever a dirtier , sludgier fast rocker was ever recorded -LRB- with Iggy 's absurd growling-screeching buried behind the wall of unbelievably distorted guitars and bass -RRB- I 've never heard it . Just thinking about the way it used to sound after a micro-dot is putting a big smile on my face . But it does n't sound anything like that on this remaster , nor does any other track sound remotely as good as on the original -LRB- with the possible exception of Shake Appeal , which I preferred in the old mix but which has a lot of power in the new version -RRB- . And unless you 've ever heard the original release , you ca n't possibly imagine the roll that the right mix can play in turning an excellent album into something that changes your life -LRB- not always for the `` better '' in this case -RRB- . I 've been collecting records and CD 's compulsively for over 30 years , much to the detriment of floor-space in my domicile , and I 've never seen a re-mastering ruin an album the way Raw Power has been eviscerated . The re-mastering is really loud , but that 's not the point . I 've got a volume control to deal with the relatively low levels of the old masters . For the love of all that 's Holy , somebody get ahold of the original masters that were used on the old albums and re-release this thing . Then , kiddies , you 're in for some real fun .
 As little as I know about the dynamics of digital audio , one thing is certain
 `` Raw Power '' - 2010 Legacy Edition -LRB- Bowie Mix Remastered -RRB- This remastered edition actually seems to have less bass and stereo dynamics than the original 1990 CD pressing from Columbia which also included the Bowie mix . All they seemed to have done here was master the album at a higher volume , then compress the frequencies and trim off lots of the low end to avoid digital distortion . While it sounds a bit cleaner , that is only because the bass rumble which gave the original 1990 pressing more power has been toned down significantly . One noticeable correction is that Iggy 's burp in the beginning of `` Raw Power '' has been restored as it is on the original vinyl pressing . The ending of `` Gimmie Danger '' is also a bit longer than the original CD . Overall though , it 's still just tons of mid , no high end , and now even LESS bass than before.I would also like to point out that the original UK LP pressings had an alternate Bowie mix of `` Search & Destroy '' that has yet to be released on CD . It 's quite a shame they did n't use this opportunity to include it on the bonus disc .
 why get mutt lange to digitally enhance gregorian monk chants ? when he first started wailing in a dearborn trailer park i 'll bet osterburg thought there would never come a day when he would tour with a man called ben laden in a town called belfast . you can not fix what 's not broken .
 This CD is not as good as you may have heard . It 's not what I would call revolutionary -- terrible lyrics , inept playing , and an overall muddy sound make this nearly unlistenable . A few good moments but too much crap to slog through .
 I went shopping for some tapes at the local thrift store . Some dopey looking teenager was working there and asked if I was looking for anything . I said `` Yeah , do you have any cool punk tapes ? Like a Good Charlotte bootleg ? '' and he just laughed . He said `` Girl , this is real punk ! '' and handed me some tape with a tranny on the cover called `` Raw Power '' . It was only 25 cents so I bought it . And YUCK ! This album is pretty much as run-of-the mill as you can get . Nothing special about this album at all . Real punk is Green Day 's `` American Idiot '' , not this untalented crap made by ProTools . Do n't listen to it , EVER .
 This is garbage because of one thing ... the production and mix are truly awful . It sounds like you are listening to this through a transister radio , underwater and 100 yards away . It was purposely recorded that way.This is 3 chord rock and there is nothing special about them . With other punk/garage bands , you heard the same chord progressions and time signatures infinite times but with better recordings.I like some of Iggy Pop 's material but I do not get it with this one . I know that this is regarded as a classic by a lot of critics I just do n't get it.You should stay away because I can not imagine anybody having repeated listenings of this .
 Without question one of the most overated albums ever . The first two Stooges albums are everything this one is reputed to be . I have seldom been been more disappointed with a record than this one . I had the first two albums for years before I finally got to hear this album and I could believe how lousy it was , especially in light of so many people telling me how great it was . Years went by and I picked up a used copy thinking maybe I had been wrong before , but time only reinforces my initial impressions ; `` Raw Power '' is a big stinker . `` Search and Destroy '' is one of the few high points on this cd , largely because guitarist James Williamson manages to keep his masturbatory guitar tendencies in check , and because of the undeniably great riff . `` Gim me Danger '' . Gim me `` TV Eye '' . Gim me Ron freakin Ashton . `` Penetration '' has a nice snaky riff , and again Williamson does n't overdo things . `` I Need Somebody '' may be the worst song in the entire Stooges canon , with stupid lyrics , a lame riff , and incredibly bad singing . Iggy 's singing is generally not up to par on this album . It sounds a lot more restrained and forced on this album compared to the chaotic , spontaneous , and brutal frenzy he displayed on `` Fun House '' . `` Raw Power '' is neither raw nor powerful , discuss amongst yourselves . The piano really detracts from that song in my opinion . `` Shake Appeal '' gets the job done right , with a nice catchy and jagged riff , and once again , Williamsom is kept on his leash . `` Death Trip '' . Thank God this album is over . It really makes no difference to me whether it is the Iggy or Bowie mix , and I 've listened to both ; the material and execution are simply weak on this cd.You ca n't deny the influence of this album , and I suppose for 1973 it was something else -LRB- Though not even in the same league as Fun House -RRB- , but the New York Dolls released their first album the same year , and it has 10 times the humor , chops , attitude , songwriting , singing , and is as influential as Raw `` Power '' . Buy Fun House or `` The Stooges '' instead and get your mind blown by the ultimate cathartic music .
 I think iggy is playing a bit of a joke on us with this one . The volume is all the way down on this recording , so you have to crank your speakers up all the way . The treble is all the way up , and the bass is all the way down . Some of the guitar solos also seem to have a drastic increase in the already jacked up treble , making for a harsh squeeking noise that actually hurts your ears . It 's like listening to AM radio on a small transistor radio with a 2 inch speaker . It really sounds like an awful quality live bootleg , and I 'm not talking about the bonus live disc it comes with . The volume of the vocals also fluctuates wildly , and most of `` Gimmie Danger '' has no drums , just a hi-hat and cymbals . This is a drastically different mix from the original 1973 bowie mix . At times this recording resembles the screeching sounds heard on albums by Throbbing Gristle . Either listen to the original or the 1997 remastered/remixed version .
 sorry for most of the listeners of this thread
 The original version of this album that was mixed by David Bowie was one of the great classics in Rock 'n' Roll history . It was shambolic , chaotic , amateurish and exhilarating - in short the perfect Punk Rock recording . It was a one of a kind record , an unforgettable listening experience that made the works of future meisters like The Pistols and The Ramones seem almost commercial and pop in comparison . A dirty and wild noise indeed.The '97 mix is still noisy , but it 's noise of the wrong kind . Gone is the impression of a band falling apart at the seams and in its place is something dull and respectable . It strikes me as being little more than a crass attempt at trying to appeal to a modern rock audience and just because `` everything was in the red '' does not mean that it 's particularly radical . One of the great things about the original mix is that it does n't rely on EVERY SINGLE INSTRUMENT SHOUTING AT YOU as this one does . Instead , sounds are accentuated and de-accentuated at various points , all entirely the result of Iggy 's and Bowie 's ineptitude and mistakes . And mistakes are pretty much the sole reason for the evolution of music.It would have been nice to have preserved the original mix -LRB- which after all was the one that inspired punk -RRB- both as historical artefact and to give younger listeners a dose of the uniqueness of The Stooges . Punk was never about tidy professionalism . It was about a wild expression of emotion and this mix not only violates that spirit but ultimately reduces the Detroit foursome to little more than just another loud Rock band .
 Iggy -LRB- or whoever really remixed Raw Power -RRB- apparently did n't realize that the filmmakers of Spinal Tap were joking about turning up the amps to 11 . All these vandals accomplished was to wipe out a good portion of the signal and make this cd unlistenable at normal volumes . As others have stated , Iggy and the Stooges were the proto-punk of their day . Way to trash a historical document , guys .
 I am not an audiophile , but when I saw this for 68c plus shipping I sprung for it.It 's now selling for 3c plus shipping , but still not worth the $ 3.01 total price.The orchestra seems to be playing well , but the sound is all tubby mid-range , no distinct voices , the tempi rather slow.Unexciting , uninteresting , unvivid . A waste of time . I did not listen to the whole symphony.The piano works were better recorded . I do not know these works otherwise and have no strong reaction to them or this interpretation.I listened in SACD but 2-channel only .
 Maybe it was my damn anticipation of this album , but I was truly disappointed it . I listened to it dozens of times in hope of finding ways to relate to it as I did to Hatebreeder , and even Follow the Reaper . But the album is weak.The Hate Crew Deathroll is something many other bands could be proud with . But COB only continued a downward trend of ever-simplifying stuff . The album is fast and brutal , sure . But there is no magic , beauty and wonder of competing solo guitars and keyboards and fascinating rhytms . There are more hints of copy-catting from other great bands . One of the songs begins with a drumbeat very similar to Carcass ' `` Corporeal Jigsaw Quandry '' . But whereas Carcass used that opening beat to springbaord the rest of the song into what became one of the legendary songs of Death Metal , COB managed to get themselves into a stale and boring song that I wished was over after 30 seconds.If this was a debut album for a metal band , I 'd give it a solid review . But COB were once trailblazers . They are experienced and skillful musicians - that much they have already demonstrated and that can not be taken away from them . But this album is simply weak in comparison . It stinks of haste and pressure to be released to the starving and expecting fans , that it falls utterly incomplete . it stinks of intention to make a quick buck.Ironically , the best song on the album , IMHO , is cover of Slayer 's `` Silent Scream . `` If you are looking for new and more intense follow-ups to `` Silent Night , Bodom Night '' or `` Hate Me '' , you will be disappointed by this album . If you are up for a quick release on some fast , heavy stuff , short solos that are unworthy of such musicians , then go ahead and buy an album . But Id rather send message to Alex & Co. to stop screwing around with other projects and bands , and focus their creativity and whatever remaining ideas they have back to COB where they belong .
 From a TexanIn short these guys used to be ... well ... like metal gods to me . THEY ROCKED !!! But sadly Children Of Bodom -LRB- this is the part where you cringe from the reviewer 's discust -RRB- grew old to me within like 2 years , sadly . So although they are pretty great , soon they will turn stale , kinda like what nu metal does . But still this review shound n't turn you away from this album if your like ... not a very old metalhead , like lets say if your less than a few years old to metal you 'll probably love Children Of Bodom to say they are like THE GREATEST !!! So yea , if you like the thought of a metal band having melodic influences in it , then you 'll love this band -LRB- oh yea , some girls I know love this band also cause of Alexi Laiho 's hotness haha -RRB- . The older metalhead dudes might ummm wan na go the other way n check out Negura Bunget , Drudkh , Agalloch , Orphaned Land , Isis , Krisiun , and Vader . Peace y' all .
 Alexi Laiho is a guitar virtuoso . He is simply of the greatest metal guitarists out there . But his vocals are simply crap . I borrowed HTD yesterday and was floored by the riffs and the solos . But the vocals were a major turnoff . I recommend this to those kids who just need a reason to praise any kind of death/black/doom metal just because it sounds different than regular heavy metal.Highlight
 Do n't be fooled . This CD contains bad remakes by unknown artists . Unfortunately , there is no way you would know that unless you play the CD . What a ripoff !
 When I first looked at the song titles , I thought that this CD would be great . Great songs , great artists . But what I did n't know is that EVERY song is remade by someone else , and only a couple songs -LRB- Tearin ' Up my Heart -- yeesh ! , Bawitdaba , and Last Kiss -RRB- sound the same . Do NOT buy this CD if you want the real deal .
 All of these are badly remade by some random , unknown , and talentless person with the acception of `` Beautiful Stranger '' and `` Where my Girls At ? '' which actually sound better than the original . Do n't buy this but download those 2 tracks from Amazon .
 I just received my order - - - more than two weeks after ordering it . This is NOT the Up With People album that I thought I had ordered . For one thing - - this jacket cover was NOT designed for these three songs - - not any of them are the same as the original . I have the original record album , and this , is not even close . The original Up With People that belongs to this record jacket had 15 songs , including Freedom Is n't Free , Which Way American , What Color is God 's Skin , etc.The Up With Peopl on this CD is NOT the same version , nor anywhere near as good . John Wayne , Pat Boone , and Walt Disney did NOT comment on the CD that I received today . They commented on the original . I 've been listening to the real album my whole life , and was looking forward to seeing it on CD.I love the original Up With People album , and was very disappointed that this is not it.And , I ordered a NEW copy , and I received a USED copy.Be careful if you think you 're ordering the original Up With People . You 're not !!! I wil complain to Amazon about this !!!
 This is not the `` UP With People '' pop albumn from the sixties . It is a piece of crap that I threw out after listening to it once . The cover shows John Wayne , Walt Disney , and Pat Boone as endorsing it exactly like the original UP With People albumn did . Lambchop should be sued for copyright infringement . And their music is total garbage .
 Did not like this . Paid good money for it and it did not have anything on it , either side . . I was in the process of moving and could not send it back . I am still unpacking and have not been able to find it . I will try to order it again from someone else .
 This CD sounds completely different from their later work , but it 's still a lot of fun . Doug MacMillan 's voice has definitely improved since this album , when it seems as if he was trying to emulate Morrissey . Reminds me of the college dorm and listening to The Smiths , old REM , and The Cure .
 This album has muddy production , unrealized melodies , and a much more ragged sound than any of the subsequent Connells albums . For completists only .
 First , let me be clear
 This album sucks . I was so dissapointed when it turned out to be a christmas album . A metal christmas is right up my ally but i wanted a new studio album from TS with new meteral not a lame christmas album . Hopefully they will make a new `` real '' album , they need to after this , they ca n't end their metal legacy with this tripe.Please TS make another studio album !
 I am lisa mikoliza 's daughter , chelsea mikoliza , i wanted this cd , she tried to buy it for me . but ... when it got to her , the case was all banged up , and in pieces , and the cd was broken . we had to throw it away .
 In any case , the whole thing is just a bad idea .
 After Dee came out and got political , i lost my taste for this one . Musicians , leave politics out of your careers and just entertain us . If you 're still a Dee Snider fan , you 'll love this like i used to .
 Wow . I am really amazed . I bought this album on a whim - having been a Twisted Sister fan in the 80 's and also being a huge fan of Dee Snider 's Oculus Infernum album that he did back in 2003 when he gathered together Van Helsing 's Curse as a sort of Trans-Siberian Orchestra for Halloween . Thinking that maybe he was turning down the same creative road as Savatage , I picked up this Christmas Album in the hopes that it would represent at least some small progression of Twisted Sister into something a little more modern-sounding if not musically challenging . Oops . Big , wrong assumption ... This is an absoutely awful album . When I came back here to amazon to write my review , I expected to see like opinions . Oops . Another wrong asumption . It seems that the fans really dig this album . So who am I to contradict them ? If the music speaks to the fans , than I say more power to Dee and the boys . But , for anyone looking for anything other than very simple power chords , non-creative arrangements , and , I 'm sorry to say , vocals that are so out of tune they are , in my opinion , barely listeanble - well , then , you 've come to the wrong place.My problem with the CD is that I know Dee Snider is capable of so much more . I would have liked to have seen these Christmas Carols come with a little bit of a Twist , as it were . After Oculus Infernum , maybe I was expecting too much . But I would have at least liked to have heard something in the way of an original riff . No such luck here.Another big problem is with the recording itself . It sounds like TS recorded this in their basement . The drums are flat , the guitars lack bite , and , did I mention , the vocals are so incredibly out of tune , I doubt if the album even went through any form of post-production . It sounds like they threw it together in a few days and put it on the shelf for thirteen bucks.So before you all jump at the `` NO '' button below , keep in mind that I 'm on your side . I 'm not ripping on the band or the fans here . I just think the fans deserve something a little bit better . TS should have taken more time with this one.Sorry . Bad album . There 's no other way to say it .
 Initially I said some less than flattering things about this disc after just one listen , and now that I have warmed up to it I would like to ammend my comments . Amazon will let you update the title of the review and the body of the review itself , but not change the star rating -- if you can change one , should n't you be able to change all ?! My initial 1 star -LRB- * -RRB- rating has grown to a 3 star -LRB- *** -RRB- but I can not change that above ;-LRB- Oh well . As for the intention and execution of this recording , I still do n't think this is the way TFS should go out , but I do not make their business decisions . I purchased this release and will continue to see them live every chance I get until they really do hang it up , but I really wish their last studio album was n't this one ... Although I just may get my wish , as their FINAL release may very possibly be a sequel to this novelty record ...
 I love Twsited Sister , the raw pure hard rock , anti-social lyrics and general fun . I was wrapped to see a new release , seeing it was call Twisted Chistmas , i thought it would mock a few of the songs in a typical anti-social Twisted way ... wrong . . very wrong , its very Chistmas indeed.Now i cant sy i enjoy Christmas music at all , even on Christmas day !! But i cant imagine driving around in mid March playing Chistmas carols ! so whats the point ? Maybe 2 or three max Chistmas carols and some cool Twisted originals , not all these carols !!! Horrible.In a nutshelll , if your a Christmas Junkie this will be fantastic for you , if you aint , your gon na have a chuckle and say what the ... and never play it again , maybe once a year to bring the joy or something.Twisted Sister . . PLEASE do a new Album with your own material ! i dread to think whats next?A Twisted Easter , Happy New Sister , Cmon get real .
 Although reasonably well-executed , this CD is performed , in its entirety , by the BB Band , apparently a studio group . This fact is not clear from Amazon 's description . In fact , Amazon lists it as `` Various Artists '' . The CD itself does not let you know it 's by the BB Band on the front cover . It tells you on the side and on the back , in very fine print . I assume people looking for these songs are also looking for the original artists -- they should not buy this album .
 FOR ALL OF THE SHOWS LKE BJ AND THE BEAR , DUKES OF HAZZARD , FALL GUY , SILVER SPOONS , AND THE OTHERS SHOWS
 Growing up during the ' 80 's I saw almost all of these shows listed on this CD . I specifically bought this CD for one theme in particular , `` Hardcastle & Mccormick '' , which I could not find anywhere else short of buying the series DVD set . How disappointing it was to find that most of the themes on this CD were not complete but instead snippets that last 1 minute -LRB- give or take 5-15 seconds or so -RRB- . And the sound quality on some of these sounds like someone put a cassette recorder up to a TV to capture the song . Not what I wanted when paying $ 30 bucks.This CD would be a good buy at $ 10 bucks or less . Any more and you are getting robbed . Now I must decide to keep this CD or try and sell or trade it to recoup my loss . I was going to buy another of the TV theme CD 's but now NO WAY !
 With an incredible song like Slackjawed on this release , you 'd think it would have to be great , but the you 'd have to think again . This album is the single greatest dissapointment in my collection . I wish I could have found the single . From beginning to end , -LRB- with the exception of Slackjawed -RRB- it is boring monotonous has been college pop . I hated it .
 This could have been a great CD . Unfortunately , it is not . I 've never been able to understand how Barbara Mandrell 's music was considered country . It was middle of the road pop ... a precursor to today 's bubblegum . However , the arrangements here a little more country than Mandrell did them . THat is not a bad thing.Its the execution by the performers that makes this CD a lackluster effort . FIrst of all , Barbara 's signature tune , covered by Reba McEntire -LRB- with Kenney Chesney thrown in singing the George Jones part -RRB- is o.k. Merely o.k. . It could have been great . It sounds a lot more country than Barbara 's original . With a better production it could have been great but McEntire loses something here and it is made worse by Kenny Chesney 's appearance ... why could n't they have had ALan Jackson or as some other reviewer mentioned , George Strait ... they would have been perfect . It is n't bad , its just that I do n't feel the song . To be honest , I never felt it when Barbara did it either because her voice -LRB- smoke tinged because she was a cigarette smoker -RRB- was more jazz and blues than country . It sounded phony singing `` Country When Country Was n't Cool . '' McEntire has strayed so far away from country that , this too , sounds phony but not as much as Barbara 's original . -RRB- LeAnn Rimes is a disaster on `` If Loving YOu is Wrong , I Do n't Want to be RIght . '' Again , I never liked this song because of the immoral message it sends condoning adultery . But that is what Country Music is and to be honest , Barbara did it much , much , better.Gretchen Wilson singing `` The Midnight Oil '' fails miserably as well . I liked this song as Barbara did it when it was produced by the great Billy Sherrill . Barbara was great on it . Wilson is awful ... not a trace of sincerity.Brad Paisley does o.k. with `` In TImes LIke These '' but again , nothing special ... although the production is more country than Barbara 's version.Blaine Larsen could have made a country standard like `` I Wish THat I Could Fall in Love Today '' really tremendous but the instrumentation and production is lacking along with that certain energy needed to adequately convey the message of the song . I prefer Barbara 's version.Terri Clark is o.k. on `` Sleeping SIngle in a Double Bed '' but lacks Barbara 's spirit and energy . Randy Owen is probably the worst singer of the lot with `` Years '' . He sounds totally bored ... as if he just hurriedly came into the studio , cut the song with the track already laid down . Probably the worst cut on the CD . The song is a favorite of mine by Barbara and she put every ounce of emotion needed to bring the song to life because it is a sad , mournful ballad . Owen gives us a `` blah '' version.Lorrie Morgan is stellar on `` That 's What Friends Are For '' as is C.C. Winan in `` He Set My LIfe to Music '' . THese are the best cuts on the CD . THey do more than justice to Barbara 's originals.Dierks Bentley is o.k. on Fast Lanes and Country Roads but its not my style of Country Music.Sara Evans does a great job on `` Crackers '' because the arrangement is so different from Barbara 's . Its a slower tempo and she delivers a great version.All in all 3 songs on this CD are great but the rest are just lackluster performances by singers who sound bored and ill at ease . Barbara Mandrell deserved better than this .
 thank you very much but i will stick with the originals . tribute albums always suck ! Gretchen Wilson can not be serious . ouch !!
 Sorry guys , This album is really horrible . It just reflects her musical career as mediocare and poor choices in who honored her . Everytime I see her on television , she comes of as arrogant . It is hard to pull off a tribute album when someone is covering songs of an artist who did `` cover songs '' . I will give her the props that she had a sucessful television show and one big hit `` Country when country was n't cool '' -LRB- Reba version was akward -RRB- but her career does not merit much from music critics .
 To quote Trent Reznor on this reissue `` NIN fans , do n't waste your money on this version of PHM that was just released '' . Enough said.Get the remastered version .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS !!!!!!! This is just a repackage of the old album . It 's just a record label trying to get money . If you want PHM then get the Remaster edition .
 From Trent Reznor 's word himself : `` I would n't buy this one . This has NOT been remastered and has only been released because a clause in a boring contract said they could -LRB- so of course they did -RRB- . `` So there you go . You should buy this one instead : Pretty Hate Machine
 I had a sabbatical from NIN since 95 or so , and only recently went back and gave everything of Trent 's a fresh listen . It 's amazing what the years can do ; `` Pretty Hate Machine '' sounds not so far removed from the minor-key boy band stuff . Very , very weak , poor lyrics and most of the production is farmed out to old studio pros instead of Reznor going at it himself like he does these days . Only tracks for me are `` Head Like a Hole '' and `` Down in It , '' both muscular examples of tech-rock . Out of all NIN I personally recommend `` Broken '' -- concise and to the point , never wears out its welcome .
 These speak for themselves :[ ... -RSB- NIN fans , do n't waste your money on this version of PHM that was just released
 Anyone looking to pick up NIN 's debut LP , Pretty Hate Machine , needs to steer clear of this fraud . Universal is trying to capitalize on Trent Reznor 's recent success -- namely an Oscar-winning movie score -LRB- The Social Network -RRB- , as well as his scoring work on the upcoming American versions of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy . No remastering has been done on this album . Do not be fooled by this . Trent himself has warned his fans publicly to avoid this release . Buy the original or buy the 2010 remaster , but not this one . The 2010 Remaster also contains a bonus track , the B-side `` Get Down , Make Love '' .
 This album did nothing groundbreaking except for to bring industrial music to the masses , but then again , this is n't even really industrial music , its more industrial pop , and other groups like Ministry and Nitzer Ebb were helping popularize industrial before PHM even.Many people cite this as one of the first industrial albums to use guitars too but it 's not either , Ministry and The Revolting Cocks were doing that much better , for several years beforehand , and basically every other Wax Trax ! artist was doing industrial in general better than Trent did on this album . Most other industrial did n't contain nearly as many cliche and bland lyrics as PHM either.It 's not bad , but the rap on `` Down In It '' in unintentionally hilarious , `` The Only Time '' is laughably bad , `` Head Like A Hole '' is not the amazing , punch of a track many seem to think it is , and the production sounds often weak . It is also one of the best examples of ultra-melodramatic , cheeseball goth industrial-lite / synth-pop at times.A few tracks , -LRB- `` Sanctified '' , `` Terrible Lie '' , `` Sin '' -LRB- althought the single version of ` Sin ' is ten times better -RRB- , `` Kinda ... '' and `` Ringfinger '' -RRB- are great , but really this is n't any better than any Ministry , RevCo , Nitzer Ebb , Depecche Mode , Skinny Puppy , Meat Beat Manifesto or any other similar artists ' albums . Trent fails by a long shot to improve on or to surpass these obvious influences . And this album does n't really stand out above any if many other industrial albums in the 14 years before it 's release when it comes down to it.So buy it if you like industrial , buy it if you 're a fan , just do n't expect a whole heaping lot of greatness .
 I bought this album because it was supposed to be a classic within the industrial genre . I was really disapointed , to me it sounds like dated synth-pop , typical for the 80-ish , with only a couple of decent songs -LRB- ` Kinda I want to ' is one -RRB- .
 Pretty Hate machine was a great album , but this is not the version you want to buy.This was released by Trent 's old label as a simple easy money-maker . Do n't buy this . Instead get the Remastered version of the album that was actually produced by Trent and his crew .
 TLDR ; BASICALLY AN UNAUTHORIZED RELEASE.The NIN camp and Null Corporation remastered `` Pretty Hate Machine '' in 2010 and expanded the artwork . This UMVD Labels version -LRB- along with the Vinyl -RRB- was just put on the market to cash in on the popularity Null Co 's remastered `` Pretty Hate Machine '' . The remastered version is superior to the original version in terms of mastering , artwork , packaging , and even includes a remastered version of `` Get Down Make Love '' . Your purchase of the Null Corporation remastered version supports both Nine Inch Nails and Bicycle Records ; the company who fought to attain the rights to Pretty Hate Machine specifically to put the rights back into the hands of Nine Inch Nails.Even if you are a purist completist collector , you have a vested interest to NOT PURCHASE unauthorized and ethically fraudulent releases . You 're a fan for a reason . Why not support the artist instead of putting money into a release that was designed to do just the opposite of support this artist?Anyone who says the original CD mix is better , is out of their mind . : - -RRB- Anyone who says you should own this , does n't support Nine Inch Nails.Kindly and sincerely,-The ViirusHere is a link to the remastered version.Pretty Hate Machine
 Firstly , Nine inch Pales by comparison have nothing whatsoever to do with ` industrial ' . ` industrial ' is dark ambient , it nary has choruses , hooks etc. . Secondly , this is well arranged synthpop , it give this a 3/3 for music , although some of it is awfully dated . But the trite , awful lyrics . Oh dear . Found a weak spot . These sort of lyrics have inspired mildly depressed 14 year olds to dress silly and swear at attractive , functional people unlike myself . This is a soul-less man baring all , and revealing a void , filled with total stupid sloganeering , affected self-induced depression , mild despair amplified . Mr Reznor was a very popular , functional , artistic , gets dates type of person at high-school , there 's some background for you.-1 for the lyrics . So that 's 1-2 .
 Yes , this album is classic and we owe Trent a lot for being a genuinely talented musician , but more so for being poppy enough to generate interest in other industrial acts.The 4 good songs on here are good for the mix.But I dare anyone -LRB- who is n't a hot as Trent -RRB- to get up and read these lyrics in a coffee shop.I just DARE you.See if the most pathetic loser in earshot does n't laugh you off the stage.He gets better from here , but who knows if it was the practice or the Diva-Withdrawal that helped .
 This album did nothing groundbreaking except for to bring industrial music to the masses , but then again , this is n't even really industrial music , its more industrial pop , and other groups like Ministry and Nitzer Ebb were helping popularize industrial before PHM even . Nor did this define the industrial genre , the industrial genre was at large nowhere near as weak or corny as this album , and it is sad that this album represents industrial music to alot of people.Many people also cite this as one of the first industrial albums to use guitars too but it 's not either , Ministry and The Revolting Cocks were doing that much better , for several years beforehand , and basically every other Wax Trax ! artist was doing industrial in general better than Trent did on this album . Most other industrial did n't contain nearly as many cliche and bland lyrics as PHM either.It 's not bad , but the rap on `` Down In It '' in unintentionally hilarious , `` The Only Time '' is laughably bad , `` Head Like A Hole '' is not the amazing , punch of a track many seem to think it is , and the production sounds often weak . It is also one of the best examples of ultra-melodramatic , cheeseball goth industrial-lite / synth-pop at times.A few tracks , -LRB- `` Sanctified '' , `` Terrible Lie '' , `` Sin '' -LRB- althought the single version of ` Sin ' is ten times better -RRB- , `` Kinda ... '' and `` Ringfinger '' -RRB- are great , but really this is n't any better than any Ministry , RevCo , Nitzer Ebb , Depecche Mode , Skinny Puppy , Meat Beat Manifesto or any other similar artists ' albums . Trent fails by a long shot to improve on or to surpass these obvious influences . And this album does n't really stand out above any if many other industrial albums in the 14 years before it 's release when it comes down to it.So buy it if you like industrial , buy it if you 're a fan , just do n't expect a whole heaping lot of greatness .
 This release of Pretty Hate Machine is just a cash-in on the part of the record labels without any involvement of Trent Reznor himself . Trent has personally come out against this release . If you wish to buy Pretty Hate Machine , find the remastered version released last year and purchase that .
 First and foremost , this is a review written for those who are contemplating NIN , and have not yet experienced their many works in full or have done so in small quantity . It is not for the enthusiast , as he or she will be a little bit biased regarding this work.Of their three out-and-out , honest-to-music albums , this is , IMHO , either their third best or their first worst , depending on how positive or negative you are . A lot of the value of this album is down to the fact that it bridged the underworld of subculture industrial with mainstream pop ; and that in doing so it opened the minds of many people . And indeed , there 's elements of both worlds in this album . Though the outside is electronic and digital , though the words are gloomy and bleak , the songs are essentially pop songs in all its clich&eacute;d grandeur.At times , Reznor 's lyrics are laughable and comical , because they are written to be taken seriously . At others , they are beautiful and relaxing . `` Something I can never have '' is a beautiful song ; with its only fault being the `` Come on tell me '' lyric which devalues the time he spent writing the other lyrics just like so many other bands use of phrases like `` we know just who we are '' or rhyming `` girl '' with `` world '' devalue theirs . A bit nit-picky , I know , but its something that is important because such `` cheesy '' lines permeate this album . From `` Head like a hole '' to `` That 's what I get '' to `` Ringfinger '' , there 's enough there to pervert what so many NIN enthusiasts claim we should take seriously.For the die-hard fans , this is a great work because it was `` important '' and shows Reznor 's developing lyrical style as well as his creativity in the electronic field.For those who are not NIN enthusiasts or who do not appreciate them enough to get into their `` building '' works , this is a boring , stale and comical album . If you take it seriously , you 're damned . Which is awful considering how much time is spent building up this album as a serious work due to its `` gateway '' value.Two stars out of five . One because Reznor 's voise is beautiful and icredibly listenable , another because there 's some good songs on here . Three missing because of the way in which this album is overrated , its `` corny '' lyrics -LRB- at times -RRB- and its likewise stale music which -LRB- on occasion -RRB- makes one 's eyes role .
 It does n't take an industrial elitist to realize that Nine Inch Nails are a pretty lousy band/one-man project . Boring beats , sub-Depeche Mode synths , laughable attempts at sounding abrasive , Trent 's whiny , nasally , completely-lacking-in-presence vocals , and of course , the most GOD AWFUL lyrics ever committed to tape . It 's easy to see how everyone gets caught up in Mr. Reznor due to his undeniable talent for penning catchy hooks , but I constantly find myself bored to tears whenever I throw on Pretty Hate Machine.For a guy who supposedly has a serious Skinny Puppy fetish , his music sure sounds a whole lot like a slightly darker Depeche Mode . The DM comparison really ends there because they could at least pen some timeless tunes with superb vocals and memorable lyrics and without pseudo-gothic posturing , whereas Trent can claim none of the above . Many will give him credit for being something of a `` gateway drug '' to industrial , but he 's honestly about as industrial as Tears For Fears , especially with this album . I know it hurts , but remember when Ministry was a disposable , generic synth pop outfit ? This is exactly like that , except worse.For a good laugh , why do n't you check out some of the man 's `` lyrics '' on-line ? ... Makes Linkin Park look like T.S. Eliot , no?Though since I 'm trying to objective , I 'll have to give a bit of credit where it 's due . `` Head Like a Hole '' is still a great 90s anthem and `` Something I Can Never Have '' makes for some great atmosphere . `` Terrible Lie '' and `` Sin '' are decent offerings as well , and the catchiness of `` Down In It '' very nearly makes up for its goofiness.All in all , pick up some Skinny Puppy instead . Too Dark Park is the one everybody has , and for good reason . Or if you feel that your music collection is unforgivably incomplete without some NIN , at least pick up the Downward Spiral , easily his best work .
 Oh wow , like this is n't even MEDIOCRE angst ! Brush aside the question as to whether this puppy is industrial music or not , it 's God-awful . `` Head like a hole '' has trite lyrics -LRB- using the term loosely -RRB- . The rest of the cuts on this CD are worthless ; use the CD as a coaster for beer cans .
 I found it painful to the ears , spineless , and a waste of time to listen to . pathetic , boring , and yet just plain bad .
 ... All of this has been done before . This is not revolutionary . The only revolutionary thing that happened with this album is some industrial band finally sold out . Throbbing Gristle started this genre , not some ... like Reznor . If you want good industrial music , check out Foetus .
 No bonus tracks , or remastering . Trent Reznor , where are you at re-releasing this ?
 Introducing the world to Industrial music in 1988 , Pretty Hate Machine set the standard for the underlying trend of pop sensibility / depressing atmospheric sound NIN was about . However , this is NIN 's first album , and it definitely shows.The album spawned a couple of still-thriving radio hits in `` Head Like a Hole '' -LRB- a catchy synthesizer-driven ballad about how dollar signs can be the only things in peoples ' eyes sometimes -RRB- , `` Terrible Lie '' -LRB- an isolated , lonely song about being abandoned by God -RRB- , and `` Down in it '' -LRB- regretful song about being caught up in your own hubris -RRB- . Maybe I 'm just comparing this to Trent 's progressively darker material , but this album just is n't heavy at all . If you 're looking for that consult `` The Downward Spiral '' . This album is more about wallowing in misery than anything else and it comes off as too - what 's the word ? - foreign sounding ?? I do n't know maybe , youll get a different impression . Certainly not the best the NIN catalog has to offer .
 This is possibly the worst CD i have ev er bought . I am so disappointed that i feel like commiting suicide - it 's that pish ! Do n't buy this , buy Britney Spears !
 THIS CD IS THE WORST CD EVER . IT IS JUST A ONE MAN SHOW AND IT IS BAD .
 This is the cheesiest synthpop I have ever heard . The lyrics are about being mad about your girlfriend leaving you . Maybe thats why it 's so popular . In Reznor 's quest to become a celebrity he decided to appeal to stupid little piss-drunk high school kids who think losing their girlfriend is the end of the world . The synths are extremely simple and you can hardly hear them among Reznor 's whining . If Trent is so depressed he should kill himself instead of whining about it in his music . All NIN lyrics are FAKE . The guy just uses music to become a celebrity and have sex with girls . He releases an album every 5 years when he runs out of money and his lyrics are always filled with cheese . Depression is real . Trent 's depression is not real . He admitted it . Also , it 's tough to sympathize with the most preppy and popular kid in a middle-class high school . Yeah , this is great music , if you want cheesy pop . Great for 15 year olds who pretend to cut themselves because another weak minded relationship has ended . When I listen to this crap I want to vomit .
 5 stars for the music , 1 star for this particular re-issue . If you own the original edition of this album as issued by TVT Records and later re-issued by Rykodisc then there is no point in purchasing this release . The music has not been remastered and you will be purchasing something you already own.Trent Reznor has asked NIN fans to avoid this release . In late 2010 Trent collaborated with UMe to release a remastered version of Pretty Hate Machine - you can easily find that release here on Amazon.Pretty Hate Machine
 Trent Reznor remastered and reissued his debut album `` Pretty Hate Machine '' last year , now for some strange reason it 's been reissued again . NOT by Trent Reznor who has no say in this !! He has even publicly stated his disapproval of this reissue.That 's all this is it 's just a reissue , it has n't been remastered so it still sounds like it 's 1989 original , the artwork is more or less the same , 2010 's reissue had complete new artwork done by Rob Sheridan and came in a fold out digi pack as opposed to the original jewel case . Nor does this version have the bonus track that was included in 2010 's reissue which is a cover of Queen 's `` Get Down Make Love '' . So while the songs are great and the album itself is brilliant and an important part of Nine Inch Nails history , this is not the version to be buying . This is the link to last years remastered versionPretty Hate Machine
 Just a ploy from the label to make a quick buck on just a cheap re-release not authorized by Trent Reznor . This morning , Reznor himself , tweeted to avoid this re-release . Buy the remastered copy by Trent or a vintage copy if you collect .
 You know , there are alot of NIN singles I really like . And when I read some of the reviews for this album , I thought `` Wow , this 'll be great . '' So I went out and bought it , listened to it , and stopped it after `` Sin '' . Besides the opening track and maybe `` Sin '' , the rest of the songs really are n't that great . The beat in `` Terrible Lie '' reminds me of `` Closer '' , however the actual song is alot worse . `` Down With It '' would be decent , but Trent had to ruin it by trying to rap , which really kills the song IMO . Anything after that really did n't catch my attention . Almost fell asleep during `` Sanctified '' and `` Something I Can Never Have '' so honestly , I ca n't really see where this is some breakthrough CD , nor can I see where I could even call it good . Maybe it gets better after `` Sin '' but my thoughts are if five out of the opening seven songs are n't that great , it wo n't matter how good the remaining three songs are . It wo n't make the CD worth it .
 all right . i ca n't believe i 'm typing this , since i consider myself as a pretty hefty nin fan . but i must speak the truth . i first purchased ` the downward spiral . ' loved it , thought it was great , unreal , incredibly creative . i grew hungry for more trent , so , i went on the search for fresh meat . purchased ` pretty hate machine . ' ah , what can i say ? the cover , if this is at all possible , depicts the content . see , it 's sort of hazy , the colors are a bit messy , the main image is pretty undeterminable . i think the problem lies in timing . this album was definetely representative of the times . in the early 90 's , the sound was surely new , exciting , unheard of . but now , in the late 90 's , well , it 's a bit . . odd . the lyrics ARE there , and you can sort of pick out , in certain songs and melodies , the path that trent would soon follow musically , but , the majority of the songs -LRB- exempting ` head like a hole ' and ` down in it ' , which is just plain cool -RRB- are either underdeveloped or over-tinkered with , whatever your perspective may be . it reminded me of the music soundtrack for an old nintendo game , perhaps some sort of racing competition . maybe simon , that vampire guy . now , before you pull the trigger at me , all i 'm saying is this . if you 're interested in buying some nin music , please please go for the downward spiral . pretty hate machine is on the whole nowhere near the broad , emotional scope downward spiral is . pretty hate is indeed a very honest , emotionally raw , but a bit too grinding , mechanical , and muddled album to represent how far nin can reach . this is just my personal , boring perspective , but i do consider pretty hate as a major prempt to the downward spiral .
 Agnst ? Try Nirvana , the The , The Cure , Frontline Assembly . You wo n't find it here . Anger ? Certainly not existential anger ; more like a tantrum to get attention -LRB- and $ $ $ -RRB- . The lyrics are silly and manipulative.NIN , along with bands like Bush , is the Spice Girls of what used to be `` alternative '' music . Inoffensive as background music , not much more .
 I bought this album a few years after it came out -LRB- I picked mine up in 1992 -RRB- , after Trent was on Lollapalooza , but before everyone in college had one of his T-shirts . I used to listen to it all the time , thought it was great , yaddah yaddah . Then , a couple of things changed my mind
 First of before sharing my thoughts for this album , i would like to say i am a NiN fan , i own all their 3 studio albums and their ep , and this is their only album which disapointed me , but why , why did it dissapoint me , well first off this album is very unoriginal when compared to their other albums , its to 80 's , its not even industrial its abrasive synth-pop , all the tracks sound the same , its not memorable like the other NiN albums , the production is stupidly overated and not that good , it does n't run chills down my spine like his previous albums , his lyrics are cheesy -LRB- on this album -RRB- , Trents anger is corny -LRB- compared to other albums by NiN -RRB- , to catchy and trendy -LRB- for its time -RRB- , etc , etc.Why not one star ??? Well `` Some Thing I Can Never Have '' is a passionate , emotional song with nice piano playing in the background with some sof synthes and `` Terrible Lie '' and `` Sin '' are great songs attacking religion . Otherwise the rest of the album is junk , listen to `` Only Time '' for a laugh . All in all , i say skip this , this album is nothing new and it just lacks creativity and the magic the other albums had . Get any other NiN album except this , i think `` The Downward Spiral is their best .
 If you 're a purist , you will hate Trent with a passion . He 's basically ripped off a genre that was creative 20 years before him . I expect in a year it will say 2 of 30 ppl found this helpful just like all the other rivetheads who are disgusted in this mans success . You kids make me sick , I guess the worlds just filled with sellouts who have no emotional connection to music or want anything unique or experimental , yeah NiN are perfect for you . Bite the hand that feeds sheep .
 NIN did tour with Skinny Puppy efore PHM was released , but it did n't work out and Skinny Puppy is listed as one of NIN 's influences in the allmusic guide . As for PHM itself , I really do n't care much for this album . The lyrics get annoying after a few listens -LRB- `` head like a hole , black as your soul , blah , blah '' -RRB- and it seems a bit dated IMO compared to other albums released at the time , like Ministry 's Land of Rape and Honey and Skinny Puppy 's Too Dark Park . I do n't even consider it `` industrial '' , more like abrasive synthpop . I suppose NIN fans will love it , but I 've moved on to other `` industrial '' bands , Front Line Assembly , Pig , and Wumpscut .
 Release a James Brown DVD of complete performances from the 1960 's thru the 2000 's instead of brief clips that are nothing more than a frustrating tease to watch . Was he `` Soul Brother # 1 '' , `` The King Of Soul Himself '' ? You would n't know it watching this . No mention of his 1970 's Farewell Tour , Rocky IV `` Living In America '' comeback or `` Original Disco Man '' . Bonus features are songs from late in his career . James Brown is only shadow of himself surrounded by bikini dancers who are distracting . Could n't they find a concert more from his prime time period ? Or that song he did in Frankie Avalon 's `` Ski Party '' ? What happened to `` His Famous Flames '' ? They disappear right before your eyes . What was their side of the story ? The only thing I found interesting was seeing James Brown visiting his old neighborhood , the Boston Concert during the riots and the police chase that got him thrown in prison . `` Soul Survivor '' is a painful , incomplete story of a man fighting demons from within . A better James Brown choice is his DVD with B.B. King in the 1980 's . His camp needs to release something like Chuck Berry 's `` Hail ! Hail !
 I TRIED TO PLAY THE DVD ON THREE DIFFERENT VIDEO SYSTEMS AND THE RESULTS ON ALL THREE WERE THE SAME . THE VIDEO PORTION WAS DISTORTED AND SKIPPED FRAMES . THE AUDIO ALSO SKIPPED . I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PURCHASE .
 Ok DVD , but not much of the younger , better James Brown .
 It 's a cover band singing all of these songs . I was highly disappoionted after spending $ ...
 Though the tracks on this CD are fine , I was not happy with the product . Each track has a 2-second delay in between ... so the music does not seque into each other . Not at all what I was expecting .
 I really do n't like to leave bad reviews but this has got to be the worst piece of trash I have ever had the misfortune to listen to . If I did n't get it as a gift I would have thrown it up it in the air and blown it away with my shot gun gathered together all the pieces and shot them again . Then after I was done with that I would have to light them on fire put the ashes in a box tie it to a brick and throw it is a deep river Jumanji style .
 i have n't heard a sound of this theme song whats up your web site is for the birds .
 i want to have I knew ilove you for my colection
 After reading some of the reviews , I wonder if I listened to the same CD as the reviewers . Live at Benaroya Hall had some good songs on it like like Immortality , Nothing As It Seems and Black . However , I did n't hear anything great and Pearl Jam 's unplugged CD pales in comparison to Eric Clapton , Nirvana and Korn 's Unplugged CDs.I enjoyed Man of the Hour.My issue with the CD is Pearl Jam played their soft -LRB- downsides -RRB- songs acoustically - big deal ! Daughter 's soft anyway . I would have been more impressed to hear an unplugged version of Go , Alive , Dissident , Once . Mix it up . That 's what makes a great unplugged CD.This is not their best CD . Nothing Pearl Jam will ever do will compare to Ten . Pearl Jam peaked on their first CD.I have a question . How many live / acoustic CD 's does Pearl Jam need to make ??? Live on Two Legs was very good . Do we need 30 more live CDs ? I saw them once , and I was kind of disappointed , but that 's unrelated to a review of this CD .
 This is a bag of garbage songs LIVE . Only one goddamned TEN song !!! ONE ! The rest is just radio friendly Pearl Sham at it 's worst . God aweful set list ...
 Oh please , does ` nt anyone find Eddie Vedders singing really irritating and annoying recently?Thats because ever since the Binuaral album Eddie Vedders singing has lacked the emotion that it used to which makes this album very boring and tiresome to listen to . Shame
 I hate to say it but I found Live at Benaroya Hall very dull.Eddie Vedder 's voice isnt what it used to be at all.The covers are just boring.Too many songs from the mediocre,parody-itself last two albums.And I guess that to keep from people forgetting them in this long down time -LRB- that has seen Pearl Jam being dropped from their record label aka Ten Club releasing this , Vedder becoming a pappa , etc -RRB- we will see a lot of Live albums like this , greatest hits , rarities.Anything but a good , strong new album .
 this album is for sale for 10 dollars at mike his website this prize is to much
 I bought this album a few days ago and I must say I 'm disappointed . My expectations were high , having read about his amazing guitar work in magazines and having seen him on the G3 video . Now , that impressed me ! As I listened to the album , all I could think was `` When is he going to blow me away on the guitar ? '' That never happened . He is a good piano player , though . The bottom line is ; if you want a good guitar album , avoid this . If you want a Zappa-esque album with crazy lyrics , go for it .
 This is closest thing to an official Pretty Hate Machine remix album that you 're going to find , unfortunately it only takes into account three songs from the album . This is useless for the most part and is only worth getting if you 're a compulsive NIN-collector . The upside to this release is that it encompases what you get on the Down In It single and the Head Like A Hole Opal import single , so you do n't have to waste the money on those by getting this . The remixes on this are horrible as far as creativity goes as compared to later remix albums around the Downward Spiral and The Fragile era remixes . This only exists because Trent Reznor wants your money so he can continue using it to go Jet-Skiing and wasting his time playing video games instead of working on a new album .
 Why did they rerelease this . The original one has value , this one does n't . The original one was aproved by trent reznor , this one is n't .
 One CD with several variations of the same song . I only like one version of the CD . Would be better of to purchase the one song as a MP3 from I Tunes .
 I 'm sure everyone knows Mase 's history , but you have to admit that it was surprising to see him return to the rap scene . It 's obvious that he is n't trying to give up on his faith , as Welcome Back does n't contain any profanity , but it does n't contain much quality either . Yeah , it 's better than Double Up , but is that really saying much?Now , Mase was never really the dopest rapper in the world , and on this album , things have n't changed much . To be honest , calling the album average is kind of pushing it . Since this is a Bad Boy record , some of the things on here are formulaic ; above all else being obvious samples . The title track , for instance , is based on John Sebastian 's theme song of the same name . And then there are times where Mase actually samples his OWN songs , like `` The Love You Need '' , which contains elements of `` What You Want '' . The bad attempts at interpolating lyrics into tracks do n't stop there , either . `` My Harlem Lullaby '' finds Mase singing the tune to Madonna 's `` La Isle Bonita '' , and `` Keep It On '' is based on Jermaine Stewart 's `` We Do n't Have to Take Our Clothes Off '' . Speaking of that , for some strange reason the liner notes state that the sample comes from `` We Do n't Have to Keep Our Clothes On '' -LRB- read that aloud
 with Mase you get a cleaner more focused version this time aorund.however , you still get the same word by the minute side kick of Puffy on the mic . same ole samples & Loops that have you playing name that tune than suffering through dude 's very slow , slow pacing on the Mic.depending on where you stand on slow time flowing Rapppers Mase is responsible for alot of cats that came there after using this type of flow.but in truth 5 years back to now nothing really has changed.wish the Brother the best , but Musically it 's the same Mess from mase but with a Switch up .
 I bought this album expecting Mase to have some profound things to say to the world , specifically the hip-hop audience , since his conversion to Christianity . Hip-hop is definitely in need of more positive messages.Instead , this album is nothing more than just another P-Diddy influenced commercial for the bling-bling generation . Mase sounds just as materialistic and $ $ $ obsessed as he did 5 years ago . Leaving out the curse words is n't enough . This album is wack !
 Mase , do n't quit your day job.The CD is not gon na cover for what you 've miss out on.That was the weakest comeback I 've ever heard from an artiston a five year hiatus.STICK TO PREACHING !
 This is an R&B album to begin with , not hip-hop . And I 'm not one of those guys listening to underground music from artists you never heard of hating on commercial music , I listen to everything . This was wack . I would not have bought it if I thought it was gon na suck . I listened to this album for about a day . I skipped so many tracks that I lost count . After the two singles , there is nothing on this album worth mentioning . All about chics , a few songs about God , and umm , I guess thats all there is . PULEEEEZ do n't waste your money on this . If you read this , buy the album and hate it , do n't say your Boy Breezy did n't warn you ! If I could , I would trade this album for an order of small fries at McDonalds . I do n't even need salt . Let me get something for my $ 15 !!! I am so disappointed . I expected Harlem World , I got Harlem Block !!! Save your money !!! I would reccomend buying Vanilla Ice 's greatest hits over this !!! Again , I warned you !!!!
 This is a complete waste of money . For one thing this is so confusing because for one thing , I thought he was with Bad Boy Records , he 's been with Diddy for like 10 years and he just switched to fake A ** crew like G-Unit . His songs are so average nothing in here is not even worth listening to . And the last thing is that this guy ca n't dance fo S *** especially his music videos . You should get these albums instead.Kanye West - `` College Dropout '' & `` Late Registration `` Jay-Z - `` The Blueprint '' & `` The Black Album `` Common - `` Like Water For Chacolate '' & `` BE `` Dr. Dre - `` The Chronic '' & `` Afthermath 2001 `` 2pac-Greatest Hits and his other albumsNotorious B.I.G - `` Ready to Die '' & `` Life After Death `` 50 cent-Get Rich or Die TryinNaS - `` I Am '' , `` Illmatic '' & `` Streets Deciple `` Mos Def - `` Black On Both Sides '' & `` A New Danger `` The Game - `` The Documentary '' and his latest mixtapes based on G-Unot feat . 300 bars & runnin .
 He needs to stay retired . His heart just is not in it anymore . This album is weak
 I do n't know what happened ? Sure , he went into the spirit thing , but man what happened ? Not only has he changed spiritually , but vocally and in style . Ma $ e used to be a regular rap artist , just one of the best around . Who could forget his wonderful part in the song , `` Mo Money Mo Problems '' ? And that was just a part of a song ! Now , after 5 years , everything changed . His vocals sound extremly weak in every song . And what is with his style ? On his `` Welcome Back '' vid , he wears what ? What was that ? A dollar store T-Shirt and cheap partially ripped jeans ? Really , something happened to this guy , and I know it had absoultely nothing to do with him being spiritual . But the main question is if you should buy or not . If you own any Ma $ e CD , just throw this in with your collection . If you do n't , forget it . It 's really not worth it .
 I ca n`t stand this cd . Mase reminds me of 50 Cent in several ways . They both had out a few good cds . They also were gangsta rappers . But , now , both of them sound like complete idiots . Mase , go back to the ministry . 50 Cent , start doing good rap like you did on `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ` '' , not bubblegum rap like you ` re doing on `` The Massacre '' . Anyway , in a nutshell , do n`t buy this cd . I would recommend `` The Documentary '' , `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ` '' , and `` The Marshall Mathers LP '' over this mess . Also , do n`t buy `` The Massacre '' . Peace out , my n * ggaz !
 The Ma $ e album was solid with all the rap sections . It unfortunately took a turn for the worst when Ma $ e decided to sing on tracks like `` Welcome Back '' . His talent is in the rap world not singing . Breathe , Stretch was my favorite track . Honorable mention was the sample of `` We Do n't Need To Take Our Clothes Off '' -LRB- # 3 -RRB- .
 The cd was cool . I did n't see anything remarkable about it , but the beats were pretty good on the last few songs . Unfortunately , he was n't really saying anything to make me rewind . Under normal circumstances , I would 've given this cd like two and a half stars . But , I 'm really salty that he was so extremely rude on the MTV Video Music Awards by walking in front of the camer when Black Eyed Peas were on the Red Carpet . If Puffy wants to be the annoying , childish , gawdy little boy that he is , that 's his business . But did Mase have to be an -LRB- ... -RRB- too ? I do n't even want the cd that I bought anymore and I 'm selling it right now because I thought that was so unnecessary .
 MASE AS AN MC IS A NATIONAL DISGRACEHE SHOULD STICK TO PREACHING BEFORE THE DIP SET PUT HIM IN HIS PLACE , OR I WILL BE THE ONE WILL MURK HIM WITH MACETHIS ALBUM SOUNDS LIKE AM OLD SCHOOL RAPPER JOINTBAD BOY GONE WORSE D ** KRIDING TO G-UNIT , TRYING TO BE LIKE FIDDY BY PICKING THE WORNG FINGER TO POINT.HYPOCRITE , BACK TO CALLING GIRLS HOES , SPEAKING OF HOES , IF I WAS AN ACTUAL RAPPER I WOULD ROCK AND ROLL HIS HOES.IF SAINT LUCIFER WANT TO BRAWL , I 'LL SHOW LEMONT SANDFORD HOW TO THROW THEM ELBOWS.LIKE A COMMMON CRIMNIALS WHO WAS CAUGHT BY THE COPS I WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN QUIET.HE WAS IN HIS CRIB I WILL DESTORY HIS CRIB LIKE HE 'S THE VICTIM OF AN LA RIOT.DIDDY , DROPPED YOU FROM BAD BOY BECAUSE YOU SUCK , ANOTHER THROWBACK RAPPER WHO IS S ** T OUT OF LUCK.IF YOUR WIFEY WAS HERE I WOULD HIT IT LIKE I DONT GIVE A F**K . DONT BUY G-UNIY MERCHANDISES ! NONE THIS IS A G-UNIT BOYCOTT .
 Very watered down but , okay since he 's leading to the ministry . sample before you buy . if you want to play music in front of a lot of kids this is the album for you .
 This album is pretty lame . Firstly , he was n't that great to begin with so i see no reason for him to even come back . I will however acknowledge the fact that he started the whole `` bling bling '' theme in rap on tracks such `` feel so good '' , `` been around the world '' , `` cant hold us down '' . Back in 1997 , it was different . In 2005 , its damn annoying . I 'm personally gritting my teeth waiting for that theme to phase out of hip hop - Cash Money Records thank fully is not polluting the market with their braggadacious crap . The whole dirty south , crunk crap is still prevalent unfortunately . So i see no need for Mase to come back . Sure , he cleaned up his lyrics but the lyrical content is still the same . In other words - avoid this album .
 Only 3 songs on the cd were worth listening to . Do n't waste your money .
 Without sticking a dagger in his art and twisting it , I 'll say this . How can you disappear for all those years to preach , come back to the rap scene , and your lyrics/insight/artistic integrity remain the same?With this album I can see no personal growth besides the fact that he did n't curse , and the rare moments -LRB- I mean , extremely rare moments when he shines anything other than what he got -RRB- when you think this album is worth buying . I appreciate his contribution to the rap game -LRB- anyone say , FABOLOUS ? -RRB- , but the constant singing -LRB- not others but him -RRB- will start to get on your nerves about half way through the album.We 'll see if the next album -LRB- if there is one -RRB- will give him a chance to redeem himself artistically since he 's already been `` redeemed '' spiritually.MY SUGGESTION ?
 I 'll be honest . I tried to like this album . I wanted to like this album . I enjoyed Mase 's earlier work on his solo debut and I tolerated `` Double Up '' and his Harlem World minions , even to the point of being rather disappointed that he 'd dropped out of the music business to preach . To be frank , I was 13 or 14 when all of this happened , so I was slap in the middle of the target audience for Mase 's work . `` Welcome Back '' is more of the same Mase from the `` Harlem World '' and `` Double Up '' eras . He 's had 5 years off to preach and seems to have refused to update his sound at all - possibly he did n't realise until recently that he wanted to release a new album . The only change is that he 's not rapping about the `` gangsta '' lifestyle and he is n't swearing . Is it a `` Christian rap '' sound ? No . It 's a darn sight more positive than the rest of the mainstream rappers out there , but it is n't Christian rap as much as it is rap by a Christian.The problem is that hip-hop as a style has moved on a bit from the glory days of `` Harlem World '' . Bad Boy Records was beginning to slide after Notorious BIG was killed and they 've continued to slide since then . Certain performers would argue that point - P Diddy among them - but the sound is certainly dated.That 's basically what you 'll get with this album . Very mid-90s sound and feel from a rapper who really ca n't cut the mustard these days . In my more cynical moments , I wonder if Mase would have actually been given a contract if he had n't previously been a big star . Compared to the MCs who are recording these days , he is n't up there anymore.That said , if pop-rap with a relentlessly positive attitude -LRB- and the requisite cars and money -RRB- is what you 're after , this is a good exemplar of the style . Mase picks up where he left off with singalong choruses -LRB- often lifted straight from previous classics - including the title track 's quote of the `` Welcome Back , Kotter '' theme -RRB- , a slow delivery that 's easy to sing along with and inoffensive beats that carry the song along without getting in the way or being overly memorable.Personally , I can leave this album well alone . Whether that 's because my tastes have changed or because Mase 's do n't seem to have done so is anyone 's guess .
 It 's true - Hip-Hop is now just a scapegoat to get quick cash when things are going alittle `` iffy `` Mase returns to hip-hop for one reason , and one reason only.Money.Mase does n't give a 2 cents about hip-hop and this album PROVES it.Bad lyrics , bad content , weak production . He used his name , and used Bad-Boy as a marketing machine to get some hype.We all know the forumula : H -LRB- ype -RRB- + N -LRB- ame -RRB- =P -LRB- latnuim -RRB- This is what sells , you get some hype going , you add a few well known names , and boom . . you got some cash.I admit , he had a few bangers back in the `` bad boy '' era ; but hey , news flash . . THAT ERA IS OVER . Mase has had his 15 miniutes of fame and used it to make money and run -LRB- and run to be a corny pasture -RRB- He now `` sneaks '' back into the rap game.Retarded ma $ e is once again out to get your money and is SUCCEDING thanks to morons .
 His flow is undoubtly as grand as it was back in ' 96 . However , the hooks and the chorus for each song are poor at best -LRB- except for Tracks 1 and 2 -RRB- . I do n't want to hear Mase singing period . His adlibs are awful . He tries to adlib like P.Diddy and it 's just bad . As for the lyrics ... how many times is he going to rhyme to `` it 's hot ? '' Bring back the old mase and puffy team !
 In my opinion mase sucks , and has always sucked . This album is pointless , and senseless . His music hasnt changed since the last time hes been around , all about money . . ice . . cars , wow pathetic . Wouldnt it be a great world if everybody could make millions this easy , by getting a record deal , throwing together a trash album , and having it sell to idiots who think this music is actually good . Why did mase come back ? Oh yeah i forgot , he wants money . Its sad when he quits rap to become a pastor , then has to come back just for money . I thought pastors werent suppose to be greedy , rich fags . So now im saying he sucks at `` preaching '' and sucks at `` rapping '' ? Your damn straight i am . Mase ... words of advice , f -- off with your bullsh * t music and your retarded personality . Go away and never come back because you would be doing the `` game '' a great favor . Puffy can f -- off to with his rich , cocky demeanor . Bad boy sucks as a staff , record label , and as a motherf-ckin crew . Yeah i said it , you aint been sh*t since biggie been gone . And to all these idiots who think this bullsh * t has meaning must be shallow as f-ck . Becasue all this has meaning to is talking about how rich mase is and basically rubbing it in your face . Screw mase with his shallow lyrics and weak beats . This time f-ck off and never come back .
 MA$ E , apart from being a complete clown and exposed phony for trying to get back into the rap game , never could make great music and never could . His current album is even sub-par to what he was putting out when he was in the spotlight . 100 % trash , slapped together an album quick and cashed in on a gimmick . Jim Jones and Cam are right about this lame . If you want real current Harlem music listen to the Diplomats , otherwise let this shameful display alone .
 I ca n't belive he would make such bad raps ... this is actually a very overrated album . I would n't buy this even if I was rich ... Quite frankly I would n't waste my time download this crap ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I appreciate the clean , Christian message ; but , Ma $ e should had listened to some of the bangin ' Christian rap music that is out there before he issued this CD.I 'm really disappointed . Was this CD a rush job ? If you are making a comeback , you have to come better than this .
 This cd was not worth my money.I wasted $ 11.00 on this crap !! . Where do I begin ? This is a prime example of a good rapper who made a pathetic , no-effort , careless cd -LRB- the man made the cd in 12 days ! -RRB- . People who buy the cd because of `` Welcome Back '' will find it lacking in the quality and catchy hooks that Mase usually has . This cd had alright beats and cheesy raps -LRB- Ex . 1-Livin la vida wit out the loca . 2-I am one of the best rappers alive , thats why I wont retire -RRB- . Another thing that grows constantly old is the use of his self praise like I 'm so rich , what I drive , how much money I have . Now do n't get me wrong , every rapper does do it , but 8 to 10 times per song ? Definitely unaacceptable . In short , the only reason he got a star was because he is Mase otherwise , like Juelz Santana said , `` Why we welcome you back ? You were n't welcome in the first place ! '' . Step up your game !!!!!! Do n't by This cd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This album was way to hyped up before it came out . Mase old stuff was way better . I wouldnt buy this album . It aint that great . The newer style is ehh . . Not good ... # 1 . Welcome Back - 3/5 # 2 . Breathe , Stretch , Shake - 3/5 # 3 . Keep It On - 3/5 # 4 . My Harlem Lullaby - 2/5 # 5 . I Owe - 3/5 # 6 . Wasting My Time - 3/5 # 7 . Got ta Survive - 5/5 # 8 . The Love You Need - 5/5 # 9 . Money Comes And Goes - 4/5 # 10 . I Wan na Go - 5/5 # 11 . Into What You Say - 3/5Decent album but not some bangin shit
 mase came back cause he wanted the money he ai n't no freaking preacher for real now he 's talking about gang banging and degrading females like anyone really takes this idiot seriously yeah 50 cent pumped this fool 's head to where he can be murda mase this cd and every other piece of trash wo n't sell .
 It was at that point I kicked the t.v. out of my room and watch it splatter my next door neighbour ... muhahaha.Ok seriously ... here 's a little story ... a long time ago there was a film called Children of the Corn . In the 90 's a group adopted that name called Murda Ma $ e -LRB- Ma $ e -RRB- , Killa Cam -LRB- Camron -RRB- and some other dude . While they were n't the best rappers in the world they were decent.Then the arrogant guy you hate to hate called P Diddy saw this talent and had a conversation . `` P.Diddy - Hey Ma $ e how would you like to sign to Bad Boys ? '' `` Murda Ma $ e - Daaayum , why would I wan na go on a label with an ugly no talent Somolian looking fool like you ? '' `` P.Diddy - True but if you dumb down your lyrics , make songs for the b ***** s then you 'll double your dollars and become a pop icon `` That 's when Murda Ma $ e dropped Murda from his name and joined Bad Boy making corny corny music ... but then left to become a priest saying how hip-hop music is the devil . And now he comes back ? My God ... what a hypocrit ... . once again I did n't buy this but listened to the C.D. through a friend who likes this hip-pop crap -LRB- I think I need to stick some real HipHop up his ass so his head does n't get stuck up there again -RRB- and was literally appaled . I gave Ma $ e 's Harlem World 3stars because it was actually good club music ... but this is a joke ... . The beats are pathetic and Ma $ e pussied out even more on the lyrics . Why try and make postive music ? Just what ya got ta say , HipHop was never meant to be postive , it was just entertainment ... whether you talked pollitically , positively , gangster talk , thug talk HipHop was never meant positive music to kids ... just inspirational . This Album is neither . Ma $ e sounds like he was deprived of OXygen as a child.Seriously do n't buy this , the sad thing is the singles are actually the weakest songs on this album , there are a few good cuts but not worth your money . Kiss my ass Ma $ e you joke .
 No offence or judgement meant but i 'm sure there are a few Christians out there who were not too pleased with all the flesh -LRB- Legz , yachts , nice cars -LRB- Lust of the eyes -LRB- ? -RRB- -RRB- showing on mases new video ` Breathe , Stretch shake . ' I aint the saint of saints and I stand to be corrected if i 'm wrong but I think that the true Christians should reject this album .
 MA$ E fans have been waiting 5 years for this ? Instead of coming out of retirement , he should have stayed under whatever rock he was hiding under . I understand that Mase had a `` spiritual '' awakening , so his lyrics are toned down and more P.C. ... And his album suffers from it . Mase ... you ca n't have it both ways buddy . You ca n't have street cred + be filled with the Holy Ghost and be a successful artist . P-Diddy is over ... Mase is over ... Biggie is dead . Rest In Peace .
 ... who knew ... that it could possibly happen ... a p.diddy 's partner in wack dancing , stupid rhymes , and forbidden love , would ever ... ever be accepted as a legitimate musical artist worthy of the promotional dollars used to sell a mainstream cd . it 's mindboggling ... absolutely mindboggling . terrible everything . from the album cover ... to the videos . . to the awful music , to his `` fall asleep after three words '' flow . please ... do n't ever . . ever appear in public again ... do n't make any more `` music . '' and stop trying to spread your disengenious born again faith . mase , you 're worthless . you were born again cause the real rappers in the game made u scared , and now that u ran outta money you 're back ... please ... just stop .
 mase is just not cutting it at all ... how are you going to comeback and become a rapper that does not curse ... . sorry you are not will smith at all ... and to top it off he is talkin sin ... ` breathe strech shake ' for crying out loud ... if he is such a preacher , why do you have to tell us how to have bling and money ... god wants us to be successful without all the material things ... he is just adding on to the problem if you ask me . . this album is terrible the only good thing was the ending ... i could skip through the whole album and not find one good thing about it ... DONT BUY THIS ALBUM ...
 LMAO LOL NO NO NO NO NO NO , club junk , not rap sorry , this is all for the females . GO BUY THAT 2PAC CD PEACE !!!!!!!
 MA$ E , CRAWL BACK TO THE CHURCH YOU CAME FROM . YOU SUCK , YOU SLOW , UNRAPPING IDIOT . HAVE YOU NOT BEEN LISTENING TO THE RADIO ? DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO RAP ? I THINK YOU ARE THE WORST RAPPER SINCE CARMEN ELECTRA ! SHE HAS MORE STREET CRED THEN YOU DO , YOU FOOL ! GO BACK . YOU SUCK . I KNOW YOU LIKE THAT !
 go back to church cuz you suck . your just another commercial rapper like everyone else was . after 5 years , your era is gone . Females and brainwashed wannabes are into this trash .
 First Hanson , now this ? Why are all these talent-devoid nimrods from the late '90s trying to make comebacks ?! I would say that there 's no chance of that happening because his old fan base has grown up and hopefully out of it , but , just like Hanson , all the imbeciles who liked him then have been re-brainwashed . -LRB- And just like Hanson , I will get `` Not Helpful '' votes up the ying-yang , along with hate reviews about `` yoyoyo !!! 3gplnt g0t n0 g@m3!!! '' -RRB- Oh well . Fiddle dee dee . Let the ignorant masses be fed their nonsense . I 'll be listening to my Alice In Chains albums now . Ta-ta .
 To call this disk `` The Best of the Yellowjackets '' is a joke . Absent are the great early tunes like the title track from Greenhouse ; in fact , there are NO tunes on this CD from Greenhouse , The Spin , or Four Corners . What the heck happened to this band , with their interesting phrasing and intricate compositions ? What happened to the great sax ? WHAT HAPPENED ?! Thank God I have their earlier work on cassette . I can not even find the CDs now . They must be out of print . At any rate , do NOT waste your money on this CD . I just bought the disk today and it is bound for the nearest used record store as soon as I have time to unload it . This band totally sold out to so-called smooth jazz -LRB- a misnomer for yuppie elevator muzak -RRB- and it simply is not worth the money . How sad . At this point , my only hope is that they 've disbanded . The last thing we need is another smooth jazz group . Yellowjackets , R.I.P.
 I totally agree with the comments from mjxm and Norfeest below , so I wo n't bother repeat their excellent criticisms . The only point I 'd like to expand on is this comp 's lack of rare , unreleased and/or `` previously unavailable on CD '' material.Rawkus certainly had enough recognizable hits and other gems from their catalog to easily fill a two-disc collection , so it 's somewhat understandable that they chose only to include their best-known songs on this single disc comp . But as a fan and collector of music , I 'm always looking for a little extra effort when it comes to a `` Greatest Hits '' release . I expect more than just the same versions of the same songs that I probably already have . Give me some rare remixes . Throw in a vinyl-only non-album b-side . Tack on a demo version or song that was shelved after the final album sequencing.Rawkus must have at least a few of those types of rarities in the vaults . The exclusion of that kind of material demonstrates the laziness of Geffen and yet another level of disregard for the history and legacy of Rawkus.Perhaps there is a Volume II in the works that will explore the lesser-known and rare tracks in the Rawkus library . I 'm saving my hard-earned dollars for that disc .
 anyone who knows rawkus and its history as perhaps the greatest underground hip-hop label of the last 15 years knows that this compilation is not an acceptable representation of what rawkus brought to the table.are the songs on this CD good ? for the most part , yeah ... if you 're looking for a mos def greatest hits record . but that 's not what this is being marketed as.this release is clearly little more than a despicable money grab by geffen -- the label that , by the way , took over rawkus and then discontinued it all together . this album is relevant only to the extent that it 's an affront to a once-great label that reached spectacular heights during an era when mainstream hip-hop was all puffy and no passion.do yourself a favor and hit up your local record store for any old rawkus 12-inch singles you can find . pick up soundbombing I. listen to the blackstar album at the moment when you are most frustrated with the current state of hip-hop . bask in the talent and in the real , official glory of rawkus circa 1997 or 1998 . but , whatever you do , do n't buy this lazy , disrespectful compilation .
 MJXM hit the nail on the head . Geffen records -LRB- the label that swallowed up Rawkus -RRB- is simply trying to cash in on Rawkus ' great past . The problem is this album is nothing more than a glorified Mos Def 's Greatest Hits album . Are the songs on this album great ? No question about it . But Rawkus ' history is way deeper than Mos Def , Talib Kweli , & Common -- these are the artists being headlined on this album if you read the sticker on the front -LRB- and Common was never even on Rawkus -RRB- . Where 's Shabaam Sahdeeq or Company Flow ? How about some cuts from Soundbombing I & II as well as Lyricists Lounge I & II ? Do they mean to tell me that Pharoahe Monche 's `` Simon Says '' was n't worthy of an appearance ? Hi Teknology had some bangers on it as well . And then the the few songs they have from the albums I mentioned are n't even the best songs from their respective albums . There are so many great songs in Rawkus ' catalogue and this is just lazy and pitiful . This album should be viewed as an insult to a great legacy and a testament to the greed of major labels . No one wants to make good music -LRB- or at least a decent compilation -RRB- , they just want to make money.I do understand that this is the first installment , but this album simply lacks variety . There should n't be any problem mixing things up with the catalogue that Rawkus has . A good 80 % of these songs feature Mos Def . I love Mos as much as the next Joe , but this is simply overkill . If you were a fan that bought the albums and singles when they were coming out then there 's no need to pick this one up . If you do n't have these songs , you 're probably not a big Rawkus fan anyway . Let 's just hope they even things up with the second installment instead of throwing their most popular astists on the album in hopes of moving units .
 What a joke . Some of these are very good songs , but there is nothing on here even approaching Sound Bombing I or II . Rawkus is not the Rawkus of old , you need to look to Def Jux to find the energy , talent , and passion that once defined Rawkus Records .
 I just couldnt believe it , here was a good comp of tunes off the rawkus catalouge and every so often you would have words cut out , but my cover says `` EXPLICIT LYRICS '' ? robbed . Now im listening to tunes with that annoying cut.apart from that , I just have one other issue with this comp . It looks like a mos def resume of old stuff . Nothing by Eminem off this label -LRB- which was fat -RRB- or ra the rugged man , or even company flow !! Amazing artists that were just not represented for some other reason or the other.less mos def , clean versions and this might have been a better.shame on whoever thought this would be a big sale because rawkus had/has devoted fans ... . just another major label failing at trying to come out with a legit catalouge .
 I purchased this after buying the artist 's album of Elton John music , which I found great background music . I was looking for something in the same vein , but found this distracting and unenjoyable to listen to .
 I have the Puccini CD -LRB- good -RRB- and the Movie CD -LRB- so-so -RRB- , and this is the worse of all . The cheesey instrumentation and arrangements make this sound like bad elevator music . Bayless seems intent on killing every possible shred of artistry with unnecessary embellishement and flourishes to the point that it all starts to sound the same after the second track . If you need music for your dentist 's waiting room , this might be a good pick .
 Length :
 I have only one thing to say about this great and classic film
 A note of caution regarding this great and classic film
 The Liquid CD issue of this Benson classic material has a disclaimer that certain `` anomalies '' from analog recording are to be found . There 's no excuse for what I am hearing . The screechy , distorted edge to piano , voice , cymbals , you name it is execrable , and I mean really bad . AVOID this CD . The original recording may have been decent , but you would never know it from this piece of audio trash .
 This single is the first Halo in the vast collection of Nine Inch Nails material . This single basically has three weak remixes of the song Down In It from the album Pretty Hate Machine . This is n't essential by any means , and all of the songs on here can be found on the Head Like A Hole US single , but if you 're a brainwashed NIN-collector like myself than perhaps you feel a strong urge to get this in order to `` complete the collection '' . However if you are n't one of the many NIN-zombies avoid this so that you do n't become one of them .
 All material on this cd is available elsewhere . Despite it 's pretentious subtitle , Down In It -LRB- Skin -RRB- is the exactly the same as Pretty Hate Machine 's version . The other two mixes -LRB- which , in my opinion , may be the weakest of all NIN remixes , but that 's really besides the point -RRB- are on the Head Like A Hole single , along with 8 other exclusive tracks -LRB- including a demo version of Down In It -RRB- . Unless you are adamant about owning every halo -LRB- that would be Trent Reznor 's numbering system for his cd 's , for those of you uninitiated in Nails geekdom -RRB- ; and make no mistake about it , this is numero uno ; then avoid this item and use your money to purchase whichever of these you may be missing
 This single contains three mixes of `` Down In It '' by Adrian Sherwood and Keith LeBlanc -- the skin mix -LRB- which is the album mix available on `` Pretty Hate Machine '' -RRB- , the shred mix , and the singe mix -LRB- the latter two both are available on the US `` Head Like a Hole '' single -RRB- . Given that all this material is available elsewhere , the value of this CD is only to people -LRB- like me -RRB- who want to have a nice set of all the Nine Inch Nails halos -LRB- Reznor numbers all his releases with a `` halo '' number , I have no idea what the significance is -RRB- . The song itself is pretty well known , but in case you do n't -- its a decent piece , catchy , nice rhythms -- primarily beats and effects over which Reznor speak-sings a sort of esoteric lyric thats been said to be about everything from a bad trip to a bad girl . The skin mix is concise and probably the best of the three , the shred mix is like the old 12 '' extended mixes -- its essentially the album mix with several minutes of additional beats and sampled vocals from earlier in the piece . The singe mix is a sort of dance mix with the vocal largely removed and relegated to a sample and is probably in my assessment the least enjoyable of the three mixes.I 'd give it three stars if it was n't all available elsewhere on the strength of the material . Again , its for completionists only .
 I 'm not giving this two stars because the music is bad . Quite the contrary , this is wonderful stuff . However , one mix is the same as the album , and the other two are on the American version of the Head Like a Hole single . And you want HLAH . You NEED HLAH , if you 're a fan of the good ol' days when NIN were THE groundbreaking rock and roll band . So forget this , and immediately go get that .
 i really like the song down in it , but all these remixes are pretty much all the same and not that good in the first place , AND are all on the american head like a hole single ... since i do like the song down in it , i dont listen to this hardly at all , so the song doesnt get overplayed and annoying -LCB- i basically have this just for my NIN collection , because i am officially obsessed -LRB- in a nice way
 This single release heralds te coming of one of the best acts out of the last 20 years . A pity it foretold with such a weak voice.Nince Inch Nails is a great acts , and the first album , `` Pretty Hate Machine '' showed off quite a bit of talent . IT is my opinion , hwever , that `` Down In It '' was a passable track at best , perhaps the weakest on the album . With that in mind , the remixes do not impress me much at all.Being a collector , I do own the `` Down in it '' single -- But that is pretty much the only reason I own it . If you simply must have it for collecting purposes , by all means , buy it . If you wish to hear what the remixes are like , I would recommend the `` Head Like A Hole '' Maxi-Single , as it has quality remixes of `` Head Like a Hole '' and `` Terrible Lie , '' so you will not feel gipped for buying it .
 If this is the one that ` started it all ' , its a shame it did n't finish it.This is a really dreadful song , like an anti-drugs rap , or the anti-suicide rap from the popular move `` Heathers '' . Bad songs ca n't be saved by remix-remix-remix - burning more money in the studio.It sounds puerile , cheesy , almost laughable when compared to anything else ever recorded in the ` industrial ' canon.I mean , at the time this was released ` industrial ' was at its peak . I advise you to buy ` Thaw ' by Foetus , its only slightly more expensive than this , and you wont feel cheated . ` Broken ' is the only worthwhile purchase by this , err , `` artist '' . Its a shame to think the youth of today actually respect and listen tp this fluff.If you like Christian anti-drugs rap , which sounds somewhat more than marginally cheesier than ACID-HOUSE , buy this . Or donate all your money , possessions to charity .
 if you like this song , listen to `` Dig It '' by Skinny Puppy , written in ' 86 . `` down in it '' is a total coppy , and a poor one at that .
 You know that song , `` Down in It '' by Nine Inch Nails , where he speaks to where it 's almost in a rap , and there 's lots of industrial noises on the chorus , etc ? Well , that song _ is _ included here in the form that also appears on the album . An entertaining song to say the least . I am just as big of a NIN fan as anyone else out there , but the TVT singles were really nothing to sneeze at . Especially `` Down in It '' 's single.What makes this not worth owning ? Well , others have explained that already . Besides , the remixes are boring , repetitive , and too long . If you are a halo collector , I guess you can get this . If you like the original `` Down in It '' and do n't know if you want to get `` Pretty Hate Machine '' -LRB- a highly recommended album -RRB- , I guess this too . But I feel that this single does n't have the merit of the later ones like `` Closer to God '' and `` March of the Pigs '' , truly great NIN singles .
 I beg of you do not waste your money on this . Buy the Head Like a Hole maxi single - it has all these remixes and more - it is way better too .
 Down In It is a good song , but an album consisting of only 3 versions of that song and nothing else ? Please .
 Do n't waste your money . Offers DII in four versions of remix . All nothing to talk about .
 ok the details said vinyl . when it arrived it was a cd . i was very dissatisfied with the false advertising and waste of money -LRB- they did give me a refund though -RRB- . but a headache nonetheless
 This band is horrible ! A pathetic attempt to `` re-create '' old school Biohazard , but it ai n't working . These guys just plain suck ! I heard one track on here ... 30 seconds of **** can be used to describe what I heard . The singer is horrible . The music is boring wanna-be NYC hardcore . I would n't even buy this cd if I found it for $ 5.99 brand new and funny thing is , I did find it no wonder no one bought it . It just plain sucks .
 IF YOU BUY THIS CD , THEN YOU WILL MOST LIKELY BE ATTENDING GLAAD 'S NEXT CONVENTION . THIS BAND IS A STEAMING PILE OF HORSE SH*T .
 I have n't bought this album . I actually read someone commenting on how good it was while commenting on a different album , so I checked it out . It was probably a member of the band that wrote that . I have no idea on earth how this band got signed to any type of label ... even independent . It is probably one of the worst albums I 've heard in my life . I ca n't believe they are even serious . It sounds like they were put in a real cheap studio and were told , `` You guys have 2 hours to write and record an album so you better get buisy ! '' , and this is what they came up with . Simply horrible .
 The title of my review should be the title of this CD as well . Has no kind of renaissance music on it but only the ghetto mentality of rap junk . Anyone who rates this CD over 1 star does not know how to work the ratings system or shares the same type of ghetto mentality .
 These guys are simply horrible . It is an insult to see them compared to bands like Biohazard or Hatebreed . They are terrible rap-rock disguised as a hardcore band . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !
 This is a very slow version of the version which was made popular in the 80 's . I should have previewed it first , thought I was getting the version I 've come to know and love ... make sure you listen before purchasing .
 In a -LRB- big -RRB- word
 `` Pillow lips '' was not the comeback it should have been . The line-up here is slightly different than on ME 's first three albums , but that 's not the main reason why this 33-minute disc is such an utterly disappointing affair . The songs are the weakest in ME 's career and the overly slick production cuts off any edge . Also , the plastic drum machines and outdated synth sounds recall '80s pop music at its least inspired and have few in common with ME 's once tasteful musicianship ; much of `` Pillow lips '' is simply lifeless . I really wonder where the band which wrote such gems as `` Gathering dust '' or `` Chapter 12 '' has gone . The only song that really stands out among the fair amount of undistinguished tracks is `` I melt with you '' , a remake of ME 's 1982 stateside hit single which comes up with new-recorded vocals . `` Beautiful people '' was also released on CD-single , however , both items failed to enhace the album 's commercial appeal in Europe - it proved to be a serious flop . ME 's first three albums , `` Mesh and lace '' , `` After the snow '' , and `` Ricochet days '' , come highly recommended ...
 I 'm usually not one to write bad reviews unless I find something so bad I find it necessary to warn others . Enjoying their earlier material -LRB- especially the early postpunk/new wave classic After The Snow -RRB- , I was excited to find this album used in a store for only a buck . After listening to it , I felt completely ripped off.The opening track , a well-done remake of their classic `` I Melt With You '' , can easily lure you in . However , it 's setting you up for a big fall . The album 's other 9 tracks seem like filler . . Horrible , sugary , repetitive pop songs with no substance , each based primarily on 2 chord melodies . Most amateur songwriters I know could probably write the last 9 tracks on this album in about a day ... and I ca n't think of anyone that would want to listen to any one of those songs more than once . In fact , I have to admit to writing this review without listening to the whole album all the way through myself because there were a few tracks I still have n't been able to make it all the way through . Basically , the album is almost entirely glossy production with no substance whatsoever.Then , to top it all off , the album clocks in at under 33 minutes ! Apparently they only had the ability to write and record half an hour of horrible filler ... go figure ... Of course , on the other hand , the quality of the songs does give the album the interesting ability make those 33 short minutes seem like an eternity ... If you really like glossy , mindless , totally generic pop , then you should listen to the samples and make up your own mind . Who knows , you might love this album even though I ca n't even fathom that possibility at the moment . Otherwise , there are only 3 reasons I can think of to buy this CD
 This album is unlike any other ME , and that is not a good thing . If you want a far superior later outing , buy `` Everything is Mad '' instead . Overly glossy production . Like the other reviewers , I ca n't even make it through this album . Truly not good .
 This album was NOT a tribute to actress Barbara Hershey , who got collagen-inflated lips for her role in the chick-flick of all chick-flicks , `` Beaches . ''
 A note of caution regarding this great and classic film
 I have only one thing to say about this great and classic film
 Who cares about the 3 versions of Sin - you can hear the song on the album . Having said that I quite like the Queen cover Get Down Make Love mainly for the production values of Al Jourgensen -LRB- yes he 's Hypo Luxa -RRB- . It 's still interesting and although Trent 's vocals almost ruin the song - the song is saved due to Al 's top production skills -LRB- something Trent could use a hand with -RRB-
 By far the worst of the Pretty Hate Machine era remix albums , the Sin single is basically three bad versions of the best song on Pretty Hate Machine with a mediocre cover of the Queen song `` Get Down Make Love '' for good measure . These remixes are horrible and extremely redundant . Imagine Sin . Okay , now image Sin if it were really bad . Okay , now imagine Sin if it were really bad being remixed by Gloria Estefan and the Miami Sound Machine . That about sums up what this release sounds like . Avoid at all costs .
 This is a tough single for me , as I think virtually every review of this points out -- really , its quite the weakest of the `` Pretty Hate Machine '' era Nine Inch Nails single , primarily because of how awful the `` Sin '' remixes are , but in the midst of this is the , `` Get Down Make Love '' . The `` Sin '' mixes first though , remixed by Adrian Sherwood and Keith LeBlanc , who did a fine job with `` Down In It '' , this song really does n't match their techno beat restructuring , and in fact the aggression of the song is pretty much swallowed up in a programmed beat and irritating synth effects . The short version at least has the good sense to be brief , the dub mix carries on for several minutes with samples of `` LIES '' and `` CONTROL '' lifted from the song -- essentially five minutes of ok beats and really irritating synths . The long version feels somewhat better but is more or less the short version with part of the dub version spliced in the middle of it . The three mixes as a whole are totally unengaging and can be skipped.But `` Get Down Make Love '' though , this is the great missing early Nine Inch Nails piece , produced by Al Jourgenson , Reznor takes a fantastic Queen song and restructures it into his own vision , staying true to the original but at the same time fully claiming it as his own . The result is tense , exciting , and extremely well done , and really is worth the price of the single.My rating however is on the whole product , and as a whole , there 's not much here , but that `` Get Down Make Love '' take is fantastic . If you 've got the albums , dig this up for that track alone .
 While Pretty Hate Machine is a great album , it did n't really present us with anything new and amazing , electronic music was what the 1980 's was all about . But it did mark the beginning of Trent Reznor 's rise to stardom . While I do n't feel Sin is one of the stronger tracks on Pretty Hate Machine it was n't an altogether bad single either . My only complain is the alternative mixes on here are poor and not that much different -LRB- were they mixes he did after the fact or were they mixes that were in contention for making it on Pretty Hate Machine ? -RRB- However the cover of Get Down Make Love is great and the sole reason I bought the single . However I can not give it more than 2 stars , especially looking ahead at Fixed and Further Down The Spiral -LRB- yes the two remix albums -RRB- and The Downward Spiral for that matter .
 `` Pillow lips '' was not the comeback it should have been . The line-up here is slightly different than on ME 's first three albums , but that 's not the main reason why this 33-minute disc is such an utterly disappointing affair . The songs are the weakest in ME 's career and the overly slick production cuts off any edge . Also , the plastic drum machines and outdated synth sounds recall '80s pop music at its least inspired and have few in common with ME 's once tasteful musicianship ; much of `` Pillow lips '' is simply lifeless . I really wonder where the band which wrote such gems as `` Gathering dust '' or `` Chapter 12 '' has gone . The only song that really stands out among the fair amount of undistinguished tracks is `` I melt with you '' , a remake of ME 's 1982 stateside hit single which comes up with new-recorded vocals . `` Beautiful people '' was also released on CD-single , however , both items failed to enhace the album 's commercial appeal in Europe - it proved to be a serious flop . ME 's first three albums , `` Mesh and lace '' , `` After the snow '' , and `` Ricochet days '' , come highly recommended ...
 I 'm usually not one to write bad reviews unless I find something so bad I find it necessary to warn others . Enjoying their earlier material -LRB- especially the early postpunk/new wave classic After The Snow -RRB- , I was excited to find this album used in a store for only a buck . After listening to it , I felt completely ripped off.The opening track , a well-done remake of their classic `` I Melt With You '' , can easily lure you in . However , it 's setting you up for a big fall . The album 's other 9 tracks seem like filler . . Horrible , sugary , repetitive pop songs with no substance , each based primarily on 2 chord melodies . Most amateur songwriters I know could probably write the last 9 tracks on this album in about a day ... and I ca n't think of anyone that would want to listen to any one of those songs more than once . In fact , I have to admit to writing this review without listening to the whole album all the way through myself because there were a few tracks I still have n't been able to make it all the way through . Basically , the album is almost entirely glossy production with no substance whatsoever.Then , to top it all off , the album clocks in at under 33 minutes ! Apparently they only had the ability to write and record half an hour of horrible filler ... go figure ... Of course , on the other hand , the quality of the songs does give the album the interesting ability make those 33 short minutes seem like an eternity ... If you really like glossy , mindless , totally generic pop , then you should listen to the samples and make up your own mind . Who knows , you might love this album even though I ca n't even fathom that possibility at the moment . Otherwise , there are only 3 reasons I can think of to buy this CD
 This album is unlike any other ME , and that is not a good thing . If you want a far superior later outing , buy `` Everything is Mad '' instead . Overly glossy production . Like the other reviewers , I ca n't even make it through this album . Truly not good .
 This album was NOT a tribute to actress Barbara Hershey , who got collagen-inflated lips for her role in the chick-flick of all chick-flicks , `` Beaches . ''
 The movie was great and the score enhanced it but I ordered the CD because of there were 3 or 4 old songs that sounded good . Thats it ! The rest of the 20 tracks are useless out of the movie context . Save your money .
 I felt frustrated with this CD . I saw the movie and I listened so beautiful Jazz Music . The CD just has a few ones . The rest ... is forgettable
 I found this CD to have very dark-natured music , not very enjoyable for the most part as the individual tracks changed so often that the feel of the CD is not very cohesive .
 I have purchased -LRB- and returned -RRB- four , count 'em , four Green Mile soundtrack CD 's because of numerous skips . I keep going back , hoping the problem has been fixed , but no luck . I wrote Warner Brothers about this and I have not received a response to date . Has anyone else run into this frustrating problem ?
 Question ... What were you on to make you produce a `` concept '' cd.Where 's the power drums of PJ Parti ? Is Dr. Bob even on this ? This cd sounds like a desperate attempt to re-kindle the flame of the former lineup . Weak , weak , weak .
 Just let this one die a slow painful death . What I expected was a return to 80 's era kick ass metal ... what I got was more candy arsed bubble gum training bras flying on stage Bullhockey . So , I actually do kinda like She Needs Me , but where the heck is Ronni Le Tekro ? Even his playing on this is a disappointment to metal fans everywhere . So sad .
 This is a tough single for me , as I think virtually every review of this points out -- really , its quite the weakest of the `` Pretty Hate Machine '' era Nine Inch Nails single , primarily because of how awful the `` Sin '' remixes are , but in the midst of this is the , `` Get Down Make Love '' . The `` Sin '' mixes first though , remixed by Adrian Sherwood and Keith LeBlanc , who did a fine job with `` Down In It '' , this song really does n't match their techno beat restructuring , and in fact the aggression of the song is pretty much swallowed up in a programmed beat and irritating synth effects . The short version at least has the good sense to be brief , the dub mix carries on for several minutes with samples of `` LIES '' and `` CONTROL '' lifted from the song -- essentially five minutes of ok beats and really irritating synths . The long version feels somewhat better but is more or less the short version with part of the dub version spliced in the middle of it . The three mixes as a whole are totally unengaging and can be skipped.But `` Get Down Make Love '' though , this is the great missing early Nine Inch Nails piece , produced by Al Jourgenson , Reznor takes a fantastic Queen song and restructures it into his own vision , staying true to the original but at the same time fully claiming it as his own . The result is tense , exciting , and extremely well done , and really is worth the price of the single.My rating however is on the whole product , and as a whole , there 's not much here , but that `` Get Down Make Love '' take is fantastic . If you 've got the albums , dig this up for that track alone .
 While Pretty Hate Machine is a great album , it did n't really present us with anything new and amazing , electronic music was what the 1980 's was all about . But it did mark the beginning of Trent Reznor 's rise to stardom . While I do n't feel Sin is one of the stronger tracks on Pretty Hate Machine it was n't an altogether bad single either . My only complain is the alternative mixes on here are poor and not that much different -LRB- were they mixes he did after the fact or were they mixes that were in contention for making it on Pretty Hate Machine ? -RRB- However the cover of Get Down Make Love is great and the sole reason I bought the single . However I can not give it more than 2 stars , especially looking ahead at Fixed and Further Down The Spiral -LRB- yes the two remix albums -RRB- and The Downward Spiral for that matter .
 Who cares about the 3 versions of Sin - you can hear the song on the album . Having said that I quite like the Queen cover Get Down Make Love mainly for the production values of Al Jourgensen -LRB- yes he 's Hypo Luxa -RRB- . It 's still interesting and although Trent 's vocals almost ruin the song - the song is saved due to Al 's top production skills -LRB- something Trent could use a hand with -RRB-
 By far the worst of the Pretty Hate Machine era remix albums , the Sin single is basically three bad versions of the best song on Pretty Hate Machine with a mediocre cover of the Queen song `` Get Down Make Love '' for good measure . These remixes are horrible and extremely redundant . Imagine Sin . Okay , now image Sin if it were really bad . Okay , now imagine Sin if it were really bad being remixed by Gloria Estefan and the Miami Sound Machine . That about sums up what this release sounds like . Avoid at all costs .
 Unfortunately I do not share in the enthusiasm of the previous reviewers . This record is the transition point between the classic Soft Machine and the humdrum new age Soft MAchine of the mid-late seventies . There are moments of brilliance but to compare this record to the likes of Third , Fourth or even Fifth is ludicrious at best . this is the beginning of a whole new band and a much different one at that . Without Wyatt and Ratledge taking a distinct backseat the entire feel of the record is `` safe '' . With all the live issues out -LRB- from 69-72 -RRB- and the the first 5 records also available theres no real reason to purchase this . My advice
 This is a very slow version of the version which was made popular in the 80 's . I should have previewed it first , thought I was getting the version I 've come to know and love ... make sure you listen before purchasing .
 `` Pillow lips '' was not the comeback it should have been . The line-up here is slightly different than on ME 's first three albums , but that 's not the main reason why this 33-minute disc is such an utterly disappointing affair . The songs are the weakest in ME 's career and the overly slick production cuts off any edge . Also , the plastic drum machines and outdated synth sounds recall '80s pop music at its least inspired and have few in common with ME 's once tasteful musicianship ; much of `` Pillow lips '' is simply lifeless . I really wonder where the band which wrote such gems as `` Gathering dust '' or `` Chapter 12 '' has gone . The only song that really stands out among the fair amount of undistinguished tracks is `` I melt with you '' , a remake of ME 's 1982 stateside hit single which comes up with new-recorded vocals . `` Beautiful people '' was also released on CD-single , however , both items failed to enhace the album 's commercial appeal in Europe - it proved to be a serious flop . ME 's first three albums , `` Mesh and lace '' , `` After the snow '' , and `` Ricochet days '' , come highly recommended ...
 I 'm usually not one to write bad reviews unless I find something so bad I find it necessary to warn others . Enjoying their earlier material -LRB- especially the early postpunk/new wave classic After The Snow -RRB- , I was excited to find this album used in a store for only a buck . After listening to it , I felt completely ripped off.The opening track , a well-done remake of their classic `` I Melt With You '' , can easily lure you in . However , it 's setting you up for a big fall . The album 's other 9 tracks seem like filler . . Horrible , sugary , repetitive pop songs with no substance , each based primarily on 2 chord melodies . Most amateur songwriters I know could probably write the last 9 tracks on this album in about a day ... and I ca n't think of anyone that would want to listen to any one of those songs more than once . In fact , I have to admit to writing this review without listening to the whole album all the way through myself because there were a few tracks I still have n't been able to make it all the way through . Basically , the album is almost entirely glossy production with no substance whatsoever.Then , to top it all off , the album clocks in at under 33 minutes ! Apparently they only had the ability to write and record half an hour of horrible filler ... go figure ... Of course , on the other hand , the quality of the songs does give the album the interesting ability make those 33 short minutes seem like an eternity ... If you really like glossy , mindless , totally generic pop , then you should listen to the samples and make up your own mind . Who knows , you might love this album even though I ca n't even fathom that possibility at the moment . Otherwise , there are only 3 reasons I can think of to buy this CD
 This album is unlike any other ME , and that is not a good thing . If you want a far superior later outing , buy `` Everything is Mad '' instead . Overly glossy production . Like the other reviewers , I ca n't even make it through this album . Truly not good .
 This album was NOT a tribute to actress Barbara Hershey , who got collagen-inflated lips for her role in the chick-flick of all chick-flicks , `` Beaches . ''
 Stefani hit gold and platinum with Love.Angel.Music.Baby , which was a charming confection of retro-pop with a splash of modern clubbing . The biggest hit however was ` Hollaback Girl ' , a Neptunes-produced , hip-hop inspired jam.Apparently Stefani thought it would be prudent to put out another album basically full of ` Hollaback Girls ' . What a mistake . ` The Sweet Escape ' is an almost endless nightmare of misplaced hip hop and Stefani posturing like a rapper . What made `` LAMB '' so charming is totally absent on an album full of derivitive beats and ` featuring ' rappers . Stefani is not a rapper nor should she pretend to be one ; she only comes off as incredibly commercial , fake and ultimately a huge let down as this album sounds exactly like all other Top 40 music in 2006 , instead of being different and quirky like her previous album.So much for being the next Madonna . What a shame , what a disappointment Stefani turned out to be .
 This just proves that most of todays pop artist will do anything to sell albums , but this is ridiculous . OK , so No Doubt wasnt the best rock band around , but they had some OK songs . What I dont understand is how you go from fronting a Rock Band , to singing bubblegum pop trash . I DO MEAN trash . I dont know if she is a Madonna wan na be , but if that is the direction she is going , then it just aint working . Even though I dont own CD 's but artist such as Christina Agularia or Britiny Spears , at least when they started , they were pop singers . Gwen is nothing but a sellout doing this nonsense . I sampled these tracks and I felt sick to my stomach that this is the direction that musicians are taken today . Most of the artist are doing it , as most of todays hip-hop has been ruined by the same problem . Once well known hardcore rappers such as Fat Joe , Dr. Dre , and others start appearing as musical guest on these type of albums as well -LRB- not on Gwen 's , but you get the picture -RRB- Can you imagine in the days of Dre 's `` Chronic '' , Ice Cubes `` Lethal Injection '' or 2Pac 's `` Dear Momma '' if these artist appeared on bubblegum pop albums . . YIKES ! Even Eminem earlier material he ripped at POP music icons such as Britany , and know he is doing the same thing . Shame , Shame . Know maybe people will understand why I listen to Death Metal -LRB- amoung many other things , but its my music of choice -RRB- , even though the genere can be difficult on most peoples ears , at least Morbid Angel wont be appearing on the next Brooke album ... GARBAGE
 Enough of the generic hip hop stuff . And she keeps on dropping the `` LAMB '' stuff ... I know it 's her clothing line but this materialistic stuff is just disgusting now . And for a 30-something woman to behave this way is pathetic . I was a huge fan of hers , but this leaves me cold . Cool cover though .
 I was a HUGE No Doubt fan from the first cd until the last . I loved that band!I gave L.A.M.B. a chance and thought is was meager at best . There was no direction WHATSOEVER . It sounded exactly like what it was - Gwen working with multiple producers.The Sweet Escape is downright awful ! I listened to this cd on AOL and was mortified at how generic this is . ` Wind It Up ' sounds almost exactly like ` Hollaback Girl ' , while ` Orange County Girl ' could not sound anymore bland . The only song I remotely liked was ` Early Winter ' ... although it does sound eerily familiar to a particular ' 80 's song - I 'll let you figure out which ; -RRB- On another note , what is up with her wig and the bling . Talk about sellout!Again , I USED to be a fan . No longer . End of story .
 What started out as a wonderful experience in dance/pop music has turned into a solo career that can not be taken serious anymore . I am talking about Gwen Stefani 's career , which increasing is leading to questions of who is the real talent behind No Doubt , because Gwen has not displayed any of the passion that made her a rock princess . Do n't get me wrong , I am all for `` fun '' mindless music , but not from an artist who is obviously desperate -LRB- jumping on the hip hop bandwagon -RRB- and is making music that sounds like she was aiming to meet the Christmas/record company deadline.The sad part about it is Gwen should know better . She is part of Rock 's royalty and is generally respected by her peers as being a true songwriter and artist . She is almost 40 , a mother , has a 20 year career and is known for her passion . However , it is a fact that she has distanced herself from her main fan base -LRB- the people in her age group who cheered her on when she sang `` Just a Girl '' -RRB- . I fear her musical choices are in danger of hurting what she has with No Doubt . Let 's take a look of some of her choices : * Wind It Up is an embarrassment . This racket of noise is nothing more than a copycat of Rich Girl . * The Sweet Escape is one of the best songs on this cd and Akon 's vocal makes this song more enjoyable . * Orange County Girl is simply bad , high school , and a blatant Hollaback Girl part 2 . * Early Winter is one of the few shining moments on this cd . The song is beautiful with haunting lyrics . Credit goes to Keane . * Now That Got It is not special because it sounds like Beyonce 's Ring The Alarm who did it better . In fact , Swizz recycled the same police siren for this song . * 4 in the Morning have the potential to be a hit . Most of the credit belongs to Tony Kanal . * Yummy sounds like another Pharrell production . If you heard Kelis 's Milkshake , then you really do n't need to hear this song . Oh , and the lyrics are pretty lame too . * Fluorescent is another Tony Kanal 's production and is a tribute to 80s Madonna . * Breakin Up is not easy on the ears and Gwen spends most of the song repeating the same lyrics . * Do n't Get It Twisted is a ska-sounding song about Gwen 's missing a cycle and calling her pregnancy the craziest * beep * ever . * You Started It is another song that pays tribute to Madonna 's True Blue days and one of Pharrell most original production . * Wonderful Life is a leftover song from the LAMB session.Another thing that bugs me about this cd is Gwen 's vocals . What happened to the emotions , the realness , and the power of her vocals ? Even during the Rock Steady days , she were convincing with her singing . But now , it seems she is simply going through the motions . I suspect it 's harder for her to go back to No Doubt due to her solo success and eventually may become the worst thing that ever happened to her . However , the mixed response to this album by the critics , her peers and worst , her fans may convince Gwen to step away from the ` Alice in Wonderland ' persona and become a real artist again .
 I love gwen stefani and her music she has opened new doors to music creativity , and i dearly repect her . But this albulm dissapointed me from put up the volume from the last albulm to put down the volume from her current . Her single `` Wind it UP '' sounded like a high school chant and the beats were way off course . I did n't get what the song was trying to pursue with `` wind it up '' singing every 5 seconds . She has a gorgeous voice but the beats were covering her voice with `` what are you trying to say in your song '' lyrics . So if your into a bubbly go out with girl 's mood this albulm is for you . But if you love gwen stefani 's music like me you 'll give it another shot .
 This album is further proof she needs to either return to no doubt and only no doubt or just quit ... its really a horrid album and I bet she knows it , thank god I didnt pay for it .
 I loved the last album a lot . And I understand that Stefani is always trying to move forward with new stuff . I appreciate that , and I 'm down for the weirdness . But this is just not listenable . It 's not worth it . There are only twelve tracks . I do n't want to listen to any of them again . She could 've done better , and this is a major disappointment . She took this the wrong direction . Try again , Gwen .
 I think Gwen must have been stuck in a room watching The Sound Of Music for the last year . This album is terrible . I wanted so badly to like it but after the tenth listen , i had to give up . Do not waste your money on this album .
 Long time fan but Miss Stefani takes these scraps from Love Angel Music Baby sessions and becomes a self parody . Like Boy George , Cyndi Lauper et al her cartoon persona and run away slave to fashion status have become greater than her musical output . It 's interesting that the record company is promoting this recording like it 's new material and accompanying it 's release with a tour -- when in fact this B rate materail would have been better served as a L.A.M.B. extras disc . Sad to see artists get consumed with their own hype . This is a low point in her career . And how old is this woman anyway ???
 I love Love Angel Music Baby-I still listen to it all the time . This album makes me think Gwen has lost her mind . It has the strangest tone , one which I have to believe is pleasnt to only a select few ears-or fans who fool themselves into liking it . Please bring back the old Gwen !
 I can not but rise my voice and join it to those who critically reviewed this album.I strongly loved the first solo album and when reading a new one was going to be released in the late 2006 I was really expecting such a mix of good songs following the success of LAMB.So disappointed . When I firstly heard the Wordi it Up single -LRB- with some friends -RRB- we all remained astonished !! What is that ?!??! The new Heide cartoon soundtrack or what ??? I said to myself , listen to the album more than a couple of times and give it more chances . Well , at the end I can say I only like Wonderful Life . No way out for the other tracks . What is that ? a mix of beats and R&B ... but ; no melodies , no disco sound as in LAMB . What a delusion.Consider I am a DJ her ein Rome and I loooove to play Gwen during the dancing parties but ... I am not gon na use any of the tracks of the last album ... who 'd dance it ??? Such a shame . A missed chance.Enrico
 I was seriously disappointed by Gwen Stefani 's new album , I who had been a hude fan of `` Love.Angel.Music.Baby '' . To me , she just took all the -LRB- few -RRB- bad things about her first solo album and just developped and focused on them . Songs like `` Harajuku Girls '' or `` Hollaback Girl '' were n't my favorites but the rest of the album was so good they just seem to enhance the other songs . Here I counted only three good songs
 I am a huge Gwen Stefani & No Doubt fan but , I must admit that I sat in shocked horror as I listened to this CD for the first time . I did n't care much for her last CD either , but it sounds like a masterpiece next to `` The Sweet Escape '' . I have followed Gwen 's career from the beginning and have always loved her bold and confident style , but she is starting to appear insecure and fearful of becoming irrelevant in the ever-changing musical landscape . `` The Sweet Escape '' seems like something she released just to keep her name `` out there '' while she focuses on her child & family . Furthermore , collaborations are great -LRB- like `` Southside '' with Moby -RRB- but , Gwen seems to have gone overboard with too many collaborations with the `` hot '' artists/producers of the moment . It would be nice if `` The Sweet Escape '' was a little more `` Gwen '' and a lot less outside input which creates a disjointed effect . I still love you Gwen but , I hope your future musical endeavors are filled with more of the substance and originality you are known for .
 I was very excited about getting this CD . I wanted to like it so bad but it just does not sound good to me . I listened to it again and again hoping that the third , fourth , maybe fifth time would be the charm . A couple of the songs have good beats but bad lyrics and vice versa . I gave 2 stars in instead of 1 because I do respect that she at least tried something different in trying to keep up with the ever changing trend in music , it just did n't work .
 As a long time No Doubt and Gwen Stafani fan , I have to say I was disappointed at the end of this album . The fire , the excitment , the desire to move to music were all gone . The first track , Wind It Up , is pretty much the only track I 'll likely listen to on a regular basis.What has made Gwen impressive in the past has been her individuality , her ability to march to her own drum . I could n't help thinking the whole time I was listening that this sounds like everyone else . I was n't expecting to hear No Doubt , I was n't even expecting to hear another LAMB , but I was expecting to hear something different , and it just was n't there.And most of all , I 'm disappointed that the inventful , crazy , and classy Ms. Stefani I 've grown to love over the years has missed the boat on this one .
 Gwen Stefani opened up as an artist with huge talent on LAMB , but here she wastes it all and loses all credibility.The terrible opening single `` Wind It Up '' is terrible ; a combonation of erotic rap , The Sound Of Music and yodelling ... GROSS !!! The rest is n't any better ; like the vanilla-Kelis of `` Yummy '' , the lame J.Lo wanna-be `` Orange County Girl '' and `` Do n't Get It Twisted '' . This disc does have someredeming moments but they do n't save the record ; the Madonna-esque `` The Sweet Escape '' , `` 4 In The Morning '' which sounds like a Kylie Minogue or Madonna down-tempo moment , `` Fluorescent '' which reminds me of Nelly Furtado 's `` Glow '' , the indie-rock-ish `` Early Winter '' & `` Breakin ' Up '' the only good club single.This album is a massive step down from LAMB and has no appeal to any of her No Doubt fans and only some of her most loyal fans would mildly enjoy this . Gwen , next time , do n't release your leftovers.xOxo
 Im talking about the half hour time slot in the morning when they actually play music videos . They show the same 3 videos everyday and Gwens woo hoo song is there everyday . This is how dumb down 'd her music has become . Id rather shove glass shards under my fingernails than to hear that `` woo hoo '' song one more time .
 `` The Sweet Escape '' , Gwen Stefani 's sophomore album , is a big disappointment . With all the negativity surrounding this album before and after its release , I was n't too surprised about this album 's lacklustre quality , but I literally sat down and struggled to this album 's dozen tracks , waiting in vain for at least one track that 'd really , really , REALLY blow me away ! Sadly , such a moment never came.Seriously , you 'd think a woman of Gwen Stefani 's talent and experience would know how to craft a stronger album than `` The Sweet Escape '' . She 's been in the music industry for over 20 years , she 's the leader of a successful new wave / ska / rock band -LRB- No Doubt -RRB- , she 's worked with artists and producers from almost every colour of the musical spectrum and she has a strong , beautiful voice that possesses more than enough vocal and emotional range . Unfortunately , she restricts her vocal gifts to the album 's 2 main solid standouts - the emotional ballads `` Early Winter '' & `` 4 In The Morning '' . To make things more shocking , the only other three bearable tracks on `` The Sweet Escape '' is the autobiographical `` Orange County Girl '' -LRB- try your best to ignore the ridiculously stupid , IQ-lacking chorus -RRB- , `` Wonderful Life '' , a dreamy Pop ballad that was left over from her debut album `` Love , Angel , Music , Baby '' , and the title track , where Akon - I repeat , AKON ! - massively helps Gwen enliven the track with high-pitched background yelps , horns , a guitar loop and a tambourine.Unfortunately , everything else left on this album proves that creativity is n't always the way to go . Ok , maybe `` Yummy '' , a Neptune-produced/Pharrell Williams-featuring Hip-Hop / Pop / `` disco tetris '' club ditty , would be an exception to the previous line because , despite the track 's abundance of hooks and catchy lyrics , it 's nothing more than a second-rate rewrite of her 2005 hit `` Hollaback Girl '' or Kelis ' 2003 hit `` Milkshake '' . Speaking of The Neptunes , they are the reigning producers of this 12-track-long monstrosity , providing not only the unoriginal `` Yummy '' , but the indescribably awful lead single `` Wind It Up '' , which melds a sample of `` The Lonely Goatherd '' from `` The Sound Of Music '' with Gwen Stefani 's annoying rap , pitiful lyrics and another second-rate beat . The Neptunes are also the creators of `` Breakin ' Up '' , which converts a faltering-cell-phone-is-like-a-faltering-relationship metaphor into more painful musical trash . As for the rest of the producers - Swizz Beatz and others - they should n't be surprised if their credibility is shot down for the terrible contributions they made to this CD . Ex-band-mate Tony Kanal , despite helping in the creation of the horrid `` Do n't Get It Twisted '' , redeems himself with the previously mentioned `` 4 In The Morning '' . Despite the disappointing production most of the producers provide , Gwen Stefani is far more responsible for this album 's many flaws . She deliberately holds back her powerful vocals in favour of sh ** ty rapping that possesses neither the attitude nor the style that gave Gwen Stefani her personality and originality . Her debut album `` L.A.M.B. '' , as flawed as it was , at least had a lot more effort put into it - there was consistency , ambition , clear standouts , a certain degree of creativity and a genuine desire for re-invention , many of which she achieved alongside the album 's more experienced and more inspired producers and collaborators . Unfortunately , `` The Sweet Escape '' merely inherits a lot more of its predecessor 's faults - superficiality , materialism , lack of humanity or emotional warmth , - than its strengths . If this album is n't the sound of a woman desperately pleading for the mainstream audience 's cash , it 's a signal that direly screams for the re-union of No Doubt and the sound of a woman stuck in a creative rut . You 'd think getting married , having a child and working with new collaborators would result in the creation of something more inspired , but I guess not . 2 stars ! 5 Best Tracks : `` Early Winter '' `` 4 In The Morning '' `` Wonderful Life '' `` The Sweet Escape -LRB- feat . Akon -RRB- '' `` Orange County Girl ''
 This album . just ... sucks . compared to her first disc . it just does n't compare.she sounds silly in most places . and i actually find orange county girl to be boring and annoying.wind it up is awkward.the title track has a very strange vocal part from Akon . an artist whose music happens to be plaguing the radio right now so , ... i really do n't like it.however . i really like yummy . also do n't get it twisted and now thAT you got it . BUT THAT 'S IT.i bought it the day it came out so ... it got it at target for 10 $ and i would not have spent more.gwen stefani is not a r & b ; girl ... nor a rapper . she should know this . someone ... should tell her.early winter has a nice sound and vibe but it does n't catch me.breaking up is stupid.and i never gave wonderful life more than one half-listen . if you really want Gwen Stefani at her best . get her first disc.avoid this one .
 Gwen has yet again FAILED to make something worth listening to . I am thoroughly disgusted especially about the fact that she 's making this sort of crap when she 's in her mid 30s ' . This `` music '' she 's been making sounds a lot like poser hip hop , and if she calls this fun , she 's seriously wrong . Obviously , she does n't comprehend that it IS possible to make a record that 's mature AND fun . No Doubt goes way beyond this junk . This is definitley not for anyone over 13 .
 I do n't even know where to start . Gwen 's solo debut was one of my favorite guilty pleasures of 2004 . I was immediately addicted to its fun , creative , catchy , retro electropop tunes . It was the type of stuff that -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- you do n't typically find on mainstream radio . But she made it work , and shone a light on a cool `` new '' sound . For a minute there , I thought she alone was going to bring pop back to what it once was -LRB- and should be -RRB- , but wow - was I completely wrong . Instead of expanding on her incredible and inventive electropop , she decided to take the one really crappy song from LAMB -LRB- `` Hollaback Girl '' -RRB- and make an entire album that all sounds just like it . I mean , there are no melodies here ! It 's just generic hip-hop beats with dumb lyrics that you ca n't even sing along to . The only decent song on the entire album is `` Wonderful Life . '' Ugh ! I ca n't express how extremely disappointed I am in her . All my love and respect for her has suddenly gone bye-bye . I was really looking forward to her becoming the new Pop Queen - but instead it appears she 's just another bland R&B clone . At least she 's chosen a core demographic
 The only reason I 'm not giving this 1 star is because I like `` Wind It Up '' and because there are `` singers '' like Hilary Duff out there.This is the first time I 've disappointed by any album put out by Gwen/No Doubt . Normally I check out a CD before I buy it but Gwen has become one of the few artists where I 'd just pick up the CD blindly . I am regretting it this time.From the first time I looked at this CD I got the feeling it had been quickly slapped together , right down to the photos which are all the same -LRB- what 's with that wig ? -RRB- . `` Breakin ' Up '' is actually a song that I 'm embarrassed to hear . It 's that bad . I do n't think the lyrics are clever at all . In fact , the vocal rhythms are often imprecise in this CD , and at times it sounds like the drum track is behind , and needs to be tweaked a bit.Well , I 'm going to continue to give this a chance ; I normally love Gwen through and through .
 This CD is 99 % filler with only one good song on it . If I had known this , I would 've just bought the good song from itunes and saved myself a lot of money .
 Boy , talk about a disappointing release from a mega-star ... Although I really like Gwen Stefani , this was not one of her prouder moments . This album is `` different '' to say the least , but that 's about as close to a compliment I can get . A few of the tracks are decent , and holds a nice background beat , but most of the album will leave you wondering what happened to the heavy ska-instilled sounds of her previous albums . Instead , it almost appears as if Gwen decided to give club music a shot and release an album full of artificial beats , club flavor , and superficially-based lyrics . `` Wind It Up '' is the first track on this album , and if you can get past it , you may have a flavor for her new material ... But , if you listen to `` Wind It Up '' and think , `` what in the hell is that ? '' , then you 're probably where I 'm at ... confused and disappointed . It was definitely a disappointment for me , since I was looking forward very much to her release of this album after her previous albums were much more to my liking .
 I 'll admit , I 've never been a big Gwen Stefani fan , but then I saw her live with No Doubt and even this rock and roll girl could n't deny what a force Gwen Stefani was on live . That 's how I 'm usually won over by any music performer . If they can pull it off live , then I 'm usually won over . No , I did n't run out and buy No Doubt cds but I stopped lumping them with the rest of the formulaic crap that exists on the radio these days , and I actually began to enjoy hearing their music.Then , she comes out with her first solo record , I was a bit taken back . There really was no need for her to step into the world of hip-hop or try to any way , but she did . For that I give her credit , as I would give any artist who is willing to do something new.With this new record however , I 'm surprised that anyone can listen to it and pretend that it 's close to anything she is actually capable of doing . I think she could definatley have done better . I planned on downloading songs for my neice who likes all of these bubbly girl acts as most tweenage girls do . The ability to listen to downloads can be help or a hinderance when it comes to music . But , in this case , it helped me because I knew for sure that I did n't like the cd . I ended up not downloading anything -LRB- some of these songs are also not for young teens although the music is absolutely geared towards them -RRB- . I just do n't get why Gwen Stefani found the need to do this record . She certainly did n't need to . Wind it Up and Fergilicious are almost interchangable in sound to me -LRB- except for the take on the Sound of Music -- which I find most annoying -- nothing personal against Gwen 's yodle , more than the Sound of Music being my most hated musical -RRB- . Also , both songs are quite weak . The videos look identical as well . Loads of people running around the scantly dressed divas , while they chant the same lines over and over again , mixed in with a few silly quips about how the boys love to look at them.I read that Gwen Stefani said she planned to start working on her next record with No Doubt ... good for her , because personally , for me , that 's where she shines best . That is why I 'm rating this with 2 stars -LRB- 1 for effort , and 1 for the promise of a new record with No Doubt -RRB- ` No Doubt ' -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- though that this record will fly off the shelves into the hands of all the teenage and tweenage girls who worship Stefani 's sense of style .
 This must be what happens when a pop star starts believing that everything that comes out of their mouth is good . She 's high on something -- ego or chemicals -- and probably utters things like , `` I am music . '' This album is complete garbage .
 After completely going mental for L.A.M.B. and loving almost every single track , perhaps my expectations were a little too high for the follow-up . But I really just have to say Gwen 's follow up disappoints completely !!! The songs are un-melodic , un-interesting , and just plain BAD !!! It 's hip-hop meets Lite-FM ! `` Wind it Up '' is the best song on the album , which is n't saying much . The Neptunes clearly phoned this one in . Maybe this project was rushed a little bit.It 's sad when Fergie out-Gwens Gwen !!
 It pains me to write this review because I love Gwen Stefani . I 've enjoyed all her work with No Doubt . I loved Love-Angel-Music-Baby . While I respect Stefani for trying something new , I was sorely disappointed to find very few melodies on this record ; you 'll find they are replaced by lots of over produced hip-hop beats . Also I 've always appreciated Stefani as a lyricist because of the sincerity in her words . Over the years , I 've taken a lot of comfort in what she wrote . With insipid lyrics like the following -LRB- for example from the track Yummy -RRB- , it 's very hard to take her seriously , let alone appreciate what she 's saying : I 'm feeling Yummy head to toe -LRB- you see me -RRB- Ai n't got no patience so let 's go -LRB- you see me -RRB- Look , I 'm diet dramaWanna spend the night ? Do n't bring pajamasMan there 's so much heat beneath these clothes -LRB- you see me -RRB- I know you 've been waiting but I 've been off making babies & like a chef making donuts & pastriesIt 's time to make you sweatSex & sugar is the flavourOvens & beaters & gratersBeats made of bongos & shakersIt 's time to make you sweatOverall if you 've enjoyed her work with No Doubt and her first solo album , you probably wo n't care for this one . And if you do n't believe me , professional critics are not praising this album . It 's garnering very few positive reviews from professional music critics -- New York Times and USA today , for example . -LRB- Her first album received very favorable press . -RRB- You should only purchase this album if you are a hard-core Gwen fan .
 I love Gwen but I love Gwen with No Doubt and I ca n't wait for them to get back together . I hate her solo albums . The only songs I like are 4 in the morning , and do n't get it twisted .
 What on earth was Gwen Stefani thinking about when she did this album . Gwen please stay home and be a mother to Kingston a bit longer because obviously you were not ready to make another album so soon . Maybe you need to go back to No Doubt -LRB- NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT . -RRB-
 Gwen Stefani has an amazing voice and amazing talent , but what did she do ? I have been a fan since i was six and i still think she is amazing but she sounds like everything else on the radio . I think she should go back to No Doubt and be that amazing song writer and singer again !
 Being a musician myself and an early No Doubter - I thought I would see what Gwen was up to lately , so I purchased this CD ... what a heartbreak & disappointmentThis CD represents what happens to a talented musician and song writer , it shows what fame can do to a once a unique lead singer in a great band , that now seems to be abandoned , to a breast implanted million dollar Bim Bo , Maddona wanta be ? Who the hell is the idiot she is taken advice from ... This has to be the worst piece of crap I think I ever have heard come from the industry and I have heard a lot of crap , so bad that I actually Frisbeed the cd out my car window in absolute discuss.Gwen GO BACK TO NO DOUBT !! PLEASE - STOP MAKING SUCH A FOOL OF YOURSELF!I USED TO LOVE YOU !! - the way you were
 Gwen has talent , but she 's not showing it anymore . Maybe she does only have once face , but I would like to see her gain a new inspiration . She 's not a singer , let 's establish that right now . But she is an artist , and a very creative one when she 's inspired . But this album is not all that impressive . She can make great music when the chips are stacked in her favor , but seems to be running out of luck now ...
 Well Mrs. Stefani has done it again , surprised us all . . But to my surprise it seems she is reverting back into her childhood . I feel when I listen to Sweet Escape I feel as if I am back in junior high . . I thought as we age so do the things we do and it seems the opposite for Gwen . I have been a huge fan of No Doubt since the very beginning and I thought her solo career would be great for her and her fans . . But I am saddened when I see the greatest band ever No Doubt evolve and grasp their audience over time and Gwen who ages -LRB- mid 30 's & a Mom -RRB- is writing her music for the teens . Leave that to people like JoJo -LRB- but then again even she matures with age -RRB- and ect . On this cd I found the only decent tracks were the ones produced by Nellee Hooper , which sound like they could be Gwen all the rest just sound to childish for my taste . She seems to also lately be thanking all these other people who have been their for her , yet what happened to the fans that have stuck by her . Anyhow I agree with all the 1 star ratings on this site and am sad to say I will not purchase another Gwen solo album . . Please Gwen if you have people that read this go back to your roots and what made people love you so much which is NO DOUBT .
 I downloaded this album thinking it would be as good as her last album . I 'm quite disappointed . Yummy is absolutely annoying as well as a lot of other songs on it . What happened to her funk and creativity ? I know she could do better than this . I 'm starting to think about taking this album off my MP3 but maybe my 7 year old will like it . I 'll just stick with her older albums and I do n't recommend this to anyone over 20 - seems like a teen album .
 The album cover is really nice , I like that . Gwen Stefani is one of those special artists that everyone waits for to go solo . She 's stylish , She 's exotic and she has cool ideas and just so much potential . She can pull anything off . However , That 's come into question , `` The Sweet Escape '' does n't bring forth her creativity and/or coolness as an artist . This was her chance -LRB- Her Sophomore album -RRB- to prove herself as something EXTRA , An ICON and she missed it . A complete waste of studio time . We all know Gwen Stefani has the `` It factor '' , That 's `` No Doubt '' , It 's obvious . But releasing album 's such as this just throws her to the bottom of the barrel . Noone will respect her as a true artist.Everything on this disc sounds only good for the present time , And it 's not even the best of what else it 's compared to . The stuff on this album will not last at all , It 'll all be forgotten about . I 'm pretty sure that going in the studio to put songs together takes some time , So my question is `` Is this the best you could do ? '' , `` Is this all you could come up with ? '' SMH . You mean to tell me you rushed to the studio and called around to meet scheduals to make this ? , Your time obviously is not precious.She 's built a following through-out her entire career as the frontwoman of the HOT band No Doubt and she turns around and releases a FULL-LENGTH-ALBUM of Hip-Hop-Parody , It 's Unbelievable . Gwen Stefani had the power to start a NEW trend in pop music for other female artists because of her name alone . I 'm surprised noone took that into consideration while putting her solo projects together , Shame . I really thought she was more `` Important '' than this kind of stuff . `` Wonderful Life '' & `` Wind It Up '' are the only likeable numbers of the bunch . The rest of the album makes you question yourself `` What Is She Doing ? '' . -LRB- Again -RRB- I 'm upset at the fact she used all that time in the studio creating BS . She couldv ' e put out some really HOT solo albums , Something that her fans would like to remember for a long time , She chose to be just another fad.Usually when band members go solo it 's nothing like what they were doing with the band , but this is just TRASH . Even though `` Wind It Up '' is Hip-Hop inspired it 's still a cool song , I love that track . `` Wonderful Life '' is another Track that I like . `` Early Winter '' sounds like something Gwen would do but is extremely boring , Does nothing for me . Now that Gwen has -LRB- Again -RRB- wasted hours of studio time for 2 albums worth nothing it 's time that she 'll never get back and I doubt if she 'll ever do another solo album , but if she decides to I hope it 's actually worth people 's time . I bet after she left the studio every night the producers laughed so hard at this woman . This album is a joke . I feel sorry for the people that endured the making of this album . They actually had to take time out of their day to sit in the studio and listen to her sing these songs over and over until she `` Got them right '' -LRB- Notice the quotes -RRB- Gwen shouldv ' e done an Electronic/Dance album or a Club-styled album , Or even something more on the lines of what `` What You Waiting For '' sounded like but all the way through , Something more obscure -LRB- Euro-Pop -RRB- . She had so many options , And because she 's such a cool artist i 'm more than sure many producers wouldv ' e been excited to work with her . I just do n't understand how this album came about , Gwen Stefani has such an exotic appeal ... or had . I bet she does n't even listen to these albums , Noone does . Not even people who actually love this style of music . Sad.BREAKIN ' UP : This song is so silly , It made me laugh . This song is so MADtv , It 's a song with a crunk-styled beat that you 'd hear some down south rapper flowing to . The song is about bad phone connections ... With a title such as `` Breakin ' Up '' you 'd believe she 's reffering to a relationship gone bad but it 's as simple as having a conversation on the phone with someone and the reception gets bad -LCB- lyrics
 Two stars are awarded for the three most listenable trackson the disc -LRB- Sweet Escape , 4 in the Morning , Early WInter -RRB- . The rest is immature , non-melodic , syntho-pop/rap garbage.This is not a mature album , nor is it much of a stretch for GwenStefani , who , now being a 35 year-old mother of two , ca n't seemto harness the power or maturity of her chronological age andapply it to her work as an `` artist . '' Note to Gwen
 I was very disappointed in this CD . I was expecting a much better compilation than this music provided . Definately not one of her best cd 's .
 `` The Sweet Escape '' is just exactly what we need more of
 I bought this CD without listening to a single song first because I loved the last one so much . Boy was I dissapointed ! Aside from a catchy opening track the rest of the CD left me bored . Do n't get me wrong , this is n't bad CD , its just not a good one . Nothing overtly original , to me it sound likes songs that were rejected from the pussycat dolls CD . I dont know what happened between this new CD and the last one , but I think Gwen needs to go back to those old producers , or just take more time making a great album instead of rushing one out.Just my opinion
 Many of those who enjoy making overly ironic jokes routinely mentioned at the release of the new Gwen Stefani single , Wind it Up , that she was totally ripping of Fergie 's faux rap style . Of course it was actually Stefani that started the trend that has also been utilized since by Nelly Furtado and Cassie with her Middle School anthems off her debut album . Granted long before Stefani and Fergie , Toni Basil was the first to revolutionize the singing cadence in her cheerleader inspired Mickey . There is a good chance that Basil may have inspired Stefani because it is apparent on Love Angel Music Baby as well as her latest release , The Sweet Escape , that she loves the 80 's almost as much as VH1.After going even further back in time with the Sound of Music sampling Wind it Up to open the album , the 80 's influences come fast and often . Early Winter sounds like Cyndi Lauper through the No Doubt filter circa Simple Kind of Life . The song , produced by the keyboardist from Keane , is easily the standout track , but mostly because there is little competition . The next closest track is 4 in the Morning , produced by No Doubt 's Tony Kanel , which has a mid-eighties R&B ; feel to it as Stefani sounds like a one woman version of The Jets.Elsewhere on the album the eighties elements fall flat . On Fluorescent the song is about one note away from blatantly ripping of the classic from the decad Human by The Human League . The Neptunes continue there downfall with a few weak tracks on the album including Yummy which Stefani herself says , `` This sounds like disco Tetris . '' I ca n't imagine anyone else would think that is a good idea . They also produced the ill-advised Breakin ' Up . No it is not about dumping a boyfriend , it is instead about a dropped phone call . And it even turns out lamer than it sounds . Trying to recreate Hollaback Girl , we get Do n't Get it Twisted chalk full of profanities and a chorus that lift the melody from the Ringling Brothers . The big different is that this song is much less chant worthy than its predecessor . Hopefully some time after this album Stefani realizes she is inching closer to forty and needs to get back together with her band and stop making trite music for thirteen year old girls . Oh yeah , and please do n't ever yodel again , leave that to Jewel .
 It 's always a risk when successful artists try to break away from their normal routine . Gwen Stefani had no reason to venture out on her own . She 's a mega successful woman who was lead singer of one of the greatest bands in the world . Lucky for her , she scored a huge hit with Love.Angel.Music.Baby , which was a very nice record . It had variety and a fresh , invigorating new pop sound . Following the `` if it wins , it goes again '' philosophy , here is The Sweet Escape . And wow , I thought it was n't possible , but this album is such a train wreck it 's just shocking.Gwen took the hugely successful `` Hollaback Girl '' and based her entire sophomore effort on it . Unfortunately , `` Hollaback Girl '' was the kind of cute song whose formula only works once . To try to replicate it so often on one record just sounds pathetic and desperate , which is a perfect description of this record . The first single , `` Wind It Up '' sounds like it was written in like 5 minutes . The production by The Neptunes is random and has no musical quality whatsoever . `` Orange County Girl '' is utterly laughable ! What was Gwen thinking ??? The same hip-hop-wannabe mess can be found in other tracks like `` Now That You Got It '' , `` Yummy '' and the ghastly `` Breakin ' Up '' . It just sounds like she 's trying really hard to be something that she is just not . She 's proven herself with the No Doubt punk/ska sound , and she 's especially great at the New Wave rock sound a la `` It 's My Life '' with No Doubt or even `` Serious '' and `` The Real Thing '' from the LAMB album . The rap/hip-hop thing just does n't suit her , thus her talent is wasted.On the upside , Gwen exudes brilliance in the song `` Early Winter '' , which sticks out like a sore thumb on Sweet Escape only because it 's so incredible that it does n't belong on this mess of an album . `` Wonderful Life '' and `` U Started It '' are also nice tracks on here.But with so many duds , this record is just not worth it . I suggest you go on iTunes and download `` Early Winter '' , and just forget the rest . I 've lost some respect for Gwen with this one . Judging from the other reviews on here , I 'd say I 'm not alone . I hope this is a wake up call to Gwen that she needs to stop trying to market herself to 13-year-olds and remember that she has plenty of fans that love her best when she 's being herself .
 Any Gwen Stefani / No Doubt fan will immediately figure out that this material IS INDEED substandard upon the very first listen . It really is . In no way is it the equal of the vastly superior `` Love Angel Music Baby '' CD from 2004 . I am not sure why this album disappointed me so much . Sure , the lead singles - `` Wind It Up '' and `` The Sweet Escape Ft Akon '' are singable and novelty pieces at best , but musically they are obviously inferior to the major hits from her debut -LRB- such as `` Rich Girl Ft Eve '' , `` Cool '' and the wonderful `` Serious '' -RRB- . I guess this is because the album was created out of the remnants of the LAMB First Album Sessions -LRB- a fact that Gwen does not entirely discredit -RRB- . On some tracks such as `` Early Winter '' , she ALMOST breaks out of the rut of insipidity , but then slides back into it with inane music such as `` Orange County Girl '' -LRB- which I personally thought was too childish for her to attempt -RRB- . Yes , Gwen is in her late thirties now and her music should evolve . She can be as fun as she wants to , but she disappointed me with the ` forced ' , ` cheap ' feel of this CD . There is no other word for it.Get this for about four solid tracks . The rest is pure filler.Hope this helps .
 Please , return to NO DOUBT to get your mojo back!This album is only suited for football halftime shows.Does she SING anymore?And `` Orange County Girl '' sounds like a bad Brooke Hogan imitation.The song lyrics say it all : ... Do n't know what I 'm doin ' back in the studio ... Gettin ' greedy 'cause he said he had another sick flow ... So I had to hold my back , guess I did n't get enoughShe called this one in . * * * U P D A T E * * * Over the months the album really grew on me , I like about 4 ofthe songs , and the others I can respect for being experimental.Can ' t wait until the new ND record comes out .
 I am a HUGE Gwen Stefani fan . I loved song after song on `` Love , Angel , Music , Baby . '' In fact , I listen to that whole CD without ever skipping through any tracks because they are all so good . Therefore , I could n't wait for her new album to come out . However , L.A.M.B. was a tough act to follow , and she just could n't pull it off.I really want to find something to LOVE -- even like -- about this album because I adore Gwen Stefani . I admire her style and the passion she has for everything she does whether it 's singing or designing clothes . `` Orange County Girl '' , a song I first heard at one of her concerts over a year ago is OK , but nothing spectacular . It 's a far cry from `` Rich Girl '' , or `` Harajuku Girls '' or `` Hollaback Girl '' -- although nothing will ever compare to that one!I wish I could lie and say `` The Sweet Escape '' is good , but unfortunately , it just is n't . It really pains me to give Gwen 1 star , but I 'm afraid I have to .
 The Good : Sweet Escape
 Can we blame Gwen Stefani for the hideous musical `` careers '' of alarmingly-no-talent bubbleheads like Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton?Did Lohan and Hilton say to themselves , `` I want to be a rock star . So what if I have some looks and absolutely no musical talent at all -- I ca n't even sing ! It works for Fergie and Gwen Stefani ! `` No , I ca n't blame Gwen for that . The deplorable state of the music business should shoulder most of the stink.I blame Gwen for her own vapid product .
 Now , this is a prime example of a sophomoric slump . As if `` Hollaback Girl '' was not enough murder to the ears , Stefani is back with overblown and annoyingly redundant tracks that would make Fergie look understated.The Sweet Escape is a disappointment in all standards . The debut single serves as a preview of how irksome the tracks are . `` Breakin ' Up '' wins the top prize and `` Yummy '' is so vexing , it makes you forget everything good the Neptunes have put on the pop plate.The only redeeming factors are the Keane-penned `` Early Winter , '' even with Stefani 's limited vocal delivery , and `` 4 In The Morning . '' The rest sound like rejected b-sides off her debut sessions , which they probably are considering the quick follow-up . It 's highly recommended that Stefani return to No Doubt and to put her solo efforts to rest .
 I ca n't even stand the hit songs from the CD wind it up , and sweet escape . I think Stefani 's new album shows very little growth from her first solo album . I liked her first album , while very narcissistic I liked most of the songs.The best song on this album is 4am which is a GREAT song ! I really liked it . Other than that there are a few 80 's dance sounding songs on here that I like , similiar to her first album . Otherwise , it 's a futilie attempt to attract 14 year olds , and lacks any depth or growth . I think you can be funky , and offbeat without lowering yourself to a musical lackey . I wish there were more funky , groovy songs like 4am . Definitely not worth buying the album . I love Gwen , and wish she would try a little harder to show us her talent .
 When you see a video on MTV twice in a half hour , there is some serious over saturation of the market going on . What does that mean to you ? Another insispid release from Gewn Stefani . The whole album 's success is dependent on the single `` Wind it up '' , otherwise why would we need to hear it twice in a half an hour ? That song is terrible and on it 's merit alone I would never buy this album . Having heard a burned copy , I decided to pass on this faux hip-pop train wreck . Lyrics have taken four steps back and sound like something Paris Hilton would pen and the music is only somewhat saved by the Neptunes and the track by Martin Gore . But even their music ca n't save this mind numbing trip into nowhere land . . otherwise known as the the bargin bins for pop artists .
 Gwen Stefani wears her 80 's influences on her sleeves which is cool at times , but then it becomes one big cliche . that is the problem with this album which is basically the cutting room floor material that was n't good enough to make it on her debut album . I was n't that fond of her debut album & this album is a set below that one . vocally she sounds like she is trying to channel 80 's era Madonna , Cyndi Lauper , Deborah Harry with mixed results . the Production is a dime a dozen & the songwriting is just bland . Gwen needs to go back to No doubt like Yesterday .
 This album is an insult to all of Gwen 's fans . I have been a fan of her work for as long as I can remember , and the `` thrown together '' noises , may easily slip through the cracks of not so musically inclined pop culture , however it is simply a marketing effort , with absolutely no structure . The last song on the album , besides wind it up , are by far the only good songs on this record . Hopefully she 'll see a decline in album sales and realize that in order to actually sell music , you really have to TRY making some .
 I am so disappointed ... this has to be the worst material she has ever put out . I love No Doubt and and really loved her first solo cd but this is just silly . `` Wind It Up '' is utterly ridiculous as is almost every song on this cd . I am such a big fan of hers and for this junk to come out has really made me doubt her as an artist . Gwen , You Need To Go Back To No Doubt Or Put Out A CD Worth Listening To !!!!!
 Stefani 's career is built on image
 Arguably the worst product ever from Gwen . Her lyrics and beats are bland at best . Its a feeble attempt to hold onto her dying Hip Hop career . I do not recomend it .
 I wouldnt give this cd to my worst enemy . If you think about the worst cd you have ever heard , I promise this is worse . Please someone , stop the selling of this album . . I am afraid that if this gets in the hands of terroist we will all be doomed ! I implore you , burn it ... burn it ...
 I would not buy the album . However , you could burn it on the computer for free and skip Wind It Up since that 's the worst song on the internet !!!
 The Sweet Escape by Gwen Stefani is unoriginal , shallow , and the most pathetic album of 2006 . First of all , she ca n't sing , she ca n't write and she needs to go back to where she came from , No Doubt . When she was with that band , the songs were halfway decent and the guys in the band rocked , not her . The only reason she got famous because she liked to show her nasty looking stomach off and she was dating a popular musician at the time who would later become her husband . Well honey , you are a nobody and hopefully people will come to their senses and realize the same thing as well . Do n't waste your money on this garbage , if you want a real singer then check-out some real Garbage , Shirley Manson instead .
 Yeah ... lame title , I know . Anywho , Gwen Stefani 's first solo debut Love.Angel.Music.Baby was without a doubt my favorite album of 2004 , with it 's slick production , catchy hooks , and just all around it was just feel good music . Whether people admit or not , they did like the catchy hook of `` Rich Girl '' , the upbeat production of `` Bubble Pop Electric '' , the sexiness of `` Cool '' and `` Luxurious '' , the retro vibe of `` Serious '' , and the dark side of `` Danger Zone '' . All those elements that made L.A.M.B. so great were basically stripped for this album , leaving me asking , '' ... what happened ? `` Gwen Stefani achieved her best success in the U.S. with `` Hollaback Girl '' , so I guess she figured if she coppied the same formula she would have a hit record . That 's where lead single `` Wind It Up '' comes in . While it 's innovative to use The Sound of Music 's `` Lonely Goatherds '' , that 's about the only original thing it offers . Saddly , Gwen trying to be a hip hop diva does n't end there ... Swizz Beats produced `` Now That You Got It '' , and `` Do n't Get It Twisted '' does n't work either . And while a lot of my friends LOVE `` Orange County Girl '' , I could n't get into it . The tone in her voice annoyed me for one , and the lyrics are n't that best either . Also , I tried to like `` U Started It '' ... but it 's lyrics are so dull that it prevented me from doing so . However , the worst song on the album is without a doubt `` Breakin ' Up '' ... the stupidity of the song gives me a headache.However , there are a hand full of good tracks on this album . Second single and title track `` The Sweet Escape '' was catchy enough to be the most successful single off the album so far . Third single `` 4 In The Morning '' is a sweet ballad a little reminiscent of her past work `` Cool '' . also , Nellee Hooper produced `` Early Winter '' and `` Wonderful Life '' , the latter being co-written with Linda Perry , are probably my favorites on the album . Also , `` Yummy '' is probably the best hip-hop song . The slick sexiness of Gwen comes out in this song and it 's Neptune 's beat.Gwen is without a doubt a woman who goes to beat of her own drum . Saddly , up 'til now that was always a good thing . However , with The Sweet Escape , the problem was she really did n't follow her own drum anymore . Sure , her STYLE of hip-hop is kinda different than everyone elses , however , all the same she basically made it an all hip-hop album . Maybe it was to compete with people like Fergie , however , Fergie pulls the hip hop angle better than Gwen . I would recomend IF she goes for a third solo album , to go back to her roots because this just did n't work . And that 's really sad because I had to go from her last , 5 star , album to this ...
 Gwen 's `` Sweet Escape , '' Gwen 's attempted move into hip-hop/R & B ; fare , is more like a slow , bitter torture from which there is NO escape.I 'll start with what I HATED
 1 star for 1 decent track on the album -- the title track . The rest of the album is a disgrace to music . I have been a ND fan since I was a kid and been to several concerts , own all of ND 's albums ; but this Gwen solo album , will be going in the trash.I am also shocked because of the very reputable producers that worked on this album that it turned out so horrible.Gwen -- I love ya , but this album sucks .
 You are not `` ghetto ' , you are not `` down '' , you 're not crunk , bling-bling or whatever mumbling derelict phrases are popular nowadays among a crowd whose collective IQ is 2 . The only black person you know is the guy who drives your limo . But , alas , almost every girl who owns every Palahniuk book and absolutely adores Napoleon Dynamite thinks it 's just absolutely hilarious to be faux-gangster , and this t-w-a-t is just feeding off of that .
 skip through every single song and go straight to the last track , `` wonderful life '' . it is the only great song on this cd . it does n't sound like it even belongs on this album . the rest of the album is weak . very weak . i dont know what happened but i fnd it hard to beleive that this is the same talent that fronted no doubt and released an excellent solo album 2 years ago . i 'm at a loss for words .
 Admittedly , I 've never been a huge Gwen Stefani fan , but her music -LRB- and No Doubt 's -RRB- was at least listenable . By that I mean I would n't automatically change the station if it came on the radio , but I 've never been compelled to buy a CD . So , when she appeared on SNL last week , I thought , `` Well , I guess I can wait until the commercial break to go to the bathroom . '' Mistake . Big mistake . I , too , am unable to explain my feelings about her performance of `` Wind It Up '' -LRB- and a quick listen to the album version did n't really clear things up for me -RRB- . It 's almost as if she and Fergie are playing some sort of crappy music poker , and Gwen has just upped the ante . The drums alone might have been kind of cool , but then she had to shriek throughout the entire song . It was an audio -LRB- and visual -RRB- trainwreck . They say having kids changes you , but it 's not always for the better . When did music get to be so stupid ?
 I personally like Gwen 's work better when she was with No Doubt . I am not much of a fan of her new work with the sing-rap , although creative , it doesnt allow her to showcase her vocal abilities.My favorite tracks : The Sweet EscapeDont Get It TwistedYummyp.s . is it just me or does orange county girl sound like a brooke hogan type track ?
 Either Gwen has started to believe her own hype or she surrounded herself with the wrong people . THis CD is a horrible mess ; while i appreciate pop artists that try to be hip and stylish , gwen just doesnt pull it off ; her aspirations dont match her talent . - And Gwen is now giving off a stanky self important diva vibe that kills her charisma . too bad , her last CD seemed to be a step in a good direction .
 This album is the furthest departure from where Stefani began her ride to pop stardom . After spending some time with the album - I 'm just wondering ... where 's the singing ? If I would have wanted to buy some inane hip hop , two words together to a cheese beat , I would have bought the Fergie CD ... If you 're expecting her previous effort - you 're in the wrong place . It sounds like Justin Timberlake and Gwen wrote and recorded their music together but in the end JT got slicker production.On a pass/fail - this album does n't work for me . Anyone want to buy my copy ?
 Do n't you hate it when you hear a great song on the radio or at a club so you take a gamble and buy the CD ? That is what happened with me purchasing this one . The title track is very good and sure to put you in a good mood , with its classic pop sound . However , like many pop artists its one of only a few good songs on the CD . It is as though the producer decided to focus on one or two songs and the rest are just fillers . Besides the title track and a handful of others Gwen sounds like she is in 7th grade trying to cross the lines of trying to be cool and be a cheerleader . The music is stiff -LRB- for lack of better words -RRB- for the most part , and the yodel she incorporates is very irritating . However , if you like high school cheerleading and want to put it to music you may like it .
 Wow ... what is this album ... the crappy leftovers from Love , Angel , Music , Baby ?! I expected more from an artist with such amazing vision . L.A.M.B was so different , so new ... this is just all bad . Still a huge fan of Gwen but I can not waste my hard earned money on this album . Its just horrible . Better luck on the next one Gwen . May be its time for a No Doubt reunion ?
 This is simply the worst , most inconsistent sellout album ever ! I will find a way to retract this statement someday . There has to be something . I got it
 I feel terrible for saying it but this is not Gwen 's finest . I have been a fan of Gwen 's since No Doubt came onto the mainstream scene . I absolutely loved every song on Love.Angel.Music.Baby . but there are only three tracks on this album that I care for . Early Winter and 4 in the Morning both have sweet , intelligible lyrics and Wonderful Life is n't bad . The rest of the songs on the album are kind of silly and not in a fun way . Maybe my expectations were too high following her last piece of work but this album just did n't work for me .
 I 'm not sure what is happening to the music nowadays ; it seems like instead of heading forward and better , it 's going backwards and worser . Good music as a good example to people should have meaningful , positive and moral raising lyrics etc. . I hate writting negative reviews but it 's a concrete fact . Did I mention how music moulds minds ? Let 's think ...
 Gwen 's last album was fantastic but , this album really stinks ! I have only listened to it once and that is one time too many . I do n't think there is one good song on the entire album . The best thing about it is the cover art !
 I ca n't believe that Gwen Stefani made this album . Do n't waste your money .
 Only 3 good songs !!!! Wind It upDo n't Get It TwistedYummy
 wow . . i did n't know she raps ? or yodel . did she sniff too much cocaine?i 'm glad she loves japan . . but putting the word HARAJYUKU all over the purse and call it your own brand ? no originality what so ever . they look like a rip-off superlovers .
 Maybe I was expecting more songs like Sweet Escape , but I was a little disappointed with the rest of the music on this . This IS my first Gwen Stefani Album , so maybe I was n't aware of the genre of music she does .
 Gwen Stefani , love her or hate her , is all about money . On the front of ` The Sweet Escape ' we are shown a dolled up Stefani which is exactly what we are presented with on this record . Do n't get me wrong , I never thought Stefani was ` real ' or anything but this record is just so plastic . Stefani tries to remake `` Love.Angel.Music.Baby '' with the neptunes as head producers but ultimately fails.The songs are set to similar beats of `` Baby '' but none of the songs are as catchy.The album opens with `` Wind It Up '' , a very obvious attempt to remake `` Hollerback Girl '' with a few added yoddles . Unfortunately the yoddles make the song extremely annoying and Stefani 's rap style verses are unintelligent -LRB- whats with everyone doing that now anyway ? -RRB- . Although the next two tracks make up partially for the bad start , the album does n't run smoothly and becomes tedious . `` The Great Escape '' -LRB- song -RRB- is plaudable , even if very bubblegum and `` Yummy '' is clever enough . `` The Wonderful Life '' gives us the highlight of the album , with its clever dark lyrics and catchy chorus . These moments in the record are few and far between . We can see several attempts to remake `` cool '' from her last album , all ending up sounding cheesy -LRB- `` Early Winter '' , `` 4 In The Morning '' -RRB- . And those songs are good in comparison to most of the Neptunes produced tracks . While `` Orange County Girl '' is appealing and catchy , some of the songs with the Neptunes are totally generic -LRB- `` Breakin ' Up , `` U Started It '' -RRB- . Stefani 's voice sounds unfocused and there is no clear goal seen through this album , except , well , her!The occasional good points of the album show promise that Stefani can do work much better than this . This is further proved by the excellent `` Love.Angel.Music.Baby '' before this record . Stefani needs to reform herself more for her next record , or else she 'll just do another even worse duplication of this album . While `` Love.Angel.Music.Baby '' felt epic , this album felt like it was strung together in a weekend . Be wary!Download
 This CD was an abomination !! Gwen needs to get back to her roots . Many of the tracks felt like they were just thrown together . The songs were also aimed specifically at dance clubs , which leaves her old fans hanging out to dry . Only 3 tracks were tolerable , `` Sweet Escape , '' `` 4 AM , '' and `` Wonderful Life . '' I think it is wonderful Gwen is trying to find new sounds , however , it should not be at the cost of alienating the fans who have been with her from the beginning . Maybe the next CD should go through a focus group before hitting the store shelves .
 No Doubt , Gwen 's old band , admittingly was a wonderful band that excelled to a degree that met the demands of people and their liking . Now that Gwen has released her solo albums , she is n't making the same music anymore . . she really changed . If you 've heard her first solo -LRB- LAMB -RRB- and enjoyed it , you 'll probably like this album also . But for me , eclectic , bopsy genre music just is n't my thing . The only good songs on this album -LRB- to me -RRB- are Early Winter , 4 In The Morning , and Wonderful Life . The rest are just too immature , even though you 'd guess a 13 year old like me would take this music and call it `` some of the best '' . This album just does n't touch all the areas required to be considered quality . Try No Doubt , because if you do , you wo n't be let down by Gwen if you 're like me .
 Gwen Stefani has lost her mind . Wind it up is the most onboxious song I have ever had the misfortune to hear . Her first solo album was hit and miss with me . This one is all miss . I 'm devastated . When we lost No Doubt , I thought we would be getting something better . I was wrong .
 This CD is a big disappointment . I really liked her last CD but this one falls short . It does n't flow well and some songs have sounds that you would make if you were cooing a baby . She talks about liking to ride , but I would n't be caught dead ridin ' to this CD . Less motherhood , more rock please .
 it 's cute , catchy , but not what Gwen 's capable of . I 'd like to see more ... just more .
 I am a big fan of Gwens work and her first solo album was great . But I must say this album is bad ... real bad.The first time I listened I thought ... I love her work ... give it another chance.I tried a second time and quickly repackaged it and put it in the pile of CD 's I never want to listen again.So . . bottom line . . if you live in a cave and never heard her first solo album ... ignore this album and buy her first solo album.Members of No Doubt . . it is time to regroup and save this great singer from any future disasters !
 What a disappointment . I thought her last album was garbage , but this one takes the cake . The only song that I would press replay for is Yummy . The rest of her songs are wack .
 The whole album sounds the same ... no even close to the last album . It does have a good baseline throughout so if you like that sound , you might like the album .
 This might be the worst album of all time . `` Wind It Up '' may have surpassed `` Hollaback Girl '' as most annoying song of all time . At this point , it 's hard to tell whether this music is all a joke or not . The only problem is that no one 's laughing .
 In 2004 Gwen Stefani took a leap and jumped out from being No Doubt 's lead member to being a solo leader of her own , with her delicious debut ` Love.Angel.Music.Baby . ' The sound was fresh yet familiar and immediately struck a chord with many fans and critics alike , garnering several Grammy nominations including Album of the Year . Sadly the standout singles ; `` What You Waiting For ? '' , `` Crash '' , and even `` Cool '' were blacked out by the major success of `` Rich Girl '' , `` Hollaback Girl '' -LRB- Gwen 's first # 1 hit ever and the # 2 song of the year -RRB- , and even `` Luxurious '' . Taking note of this , her second solo release ` The Sweet Escape ' churned out even more mindless R&B ; and Rap like sound in hopes of duplicating the success of `` Hollaback Girl '' . I must admit , as many others shamefully do , that when I first heard `` Hollaback Girl '' I liked it , hell , I even ... loved it . Somehow , spelling out bananas and saying sh ** thirty-eight times was entertaining . I 'm not criticizing the song , although many have , or any of the others with the same style from Gwen 's debut . They were alright but that was only three songs just 25 % of the album . ` The Sweet Escape ' on the other hand contains seven which is over half of the album , she strays away from pop which she does very well , and tries to conform for record sales and chart status . The lead single , `` Wind It Up '' has already become a chart success -LRB- due mostly to downloads , the only thing that seems to matter at Billboard , instead of airplay as it used to and should be -RRB- peaking at # 6 . Personally , I enjoy `` Wind It Up '' but like the one jewel in a pile of stones it 's practically the only enjoyable ` upbeat ' song . `` Orange County Girl '' sounds like something from the Orange County jail , an annoying slew of rap ... from a white girl . On `` Now That You Got It '' , the title is repeated more times than sh ** is repeated in `` Hollaback Girl '' . Speaking of sh ** , in `` Do n't Get It Twisted '' the chorus goes a little like this , `` Do n't get it twisted , do n't get clever , this is the most craziest sh ** ever . '' Need I say more ? On `` Breakin ' Up '' every line is repeated two or three times in a row , which gets annoying about 30 seconds into the song . While `` Yummy '' is mildly entertaining the lyrics are questionable -LRB- `` Diet drama '' and `` I know you 've been waiting but I 've been off making babies , and like a chef making donuts and pastries it 's time to make you sweat '' -RRB- . The title track is alright , the chorus makes up for the lacking verses.Now , like I 've already stated , here 's the pop gems that Gwen shines on . `` Early Winter '' is a beautiful track expressing that her and her lying lover are having an ` early winter ' . Next is `` 4 in the Morning '' begging her lover to give her everything because she 's given all of her . In the sexy `` Fluorescent '' she 's amazed by how wonderful her lover is . `` U Started It '' is similar , giving in to what her lover started claiming `` we argue sometimes but not tonight '' . The ending track is also one of the best , in `` Wonderful Life '' she reminisces of a past lover but reminds herself it 's a ` wonderful life ' . In the end , while the innovative L.A.M.B. flew with flying colors and easily passes with an A -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- . ` The Sweet Escape ' needs to find some originality and leaves me with a rotten taste in my mouth , barely passing with a C -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- .
 Aside from `` Wind It Up '' , this album , as much as it hurts me to say this , is horrible . I think what defines Gwen is her voice and in this album it is completely lost .
 Clearly not vying for an Album of the Year Grammy nod like the retro/dance pop of her 2004 solo debut `` Love.Angel.Music.Baby , '' Gwen Stefani 's `` The Sweet Escape '' is a dizzying mess of hip-pop atrocities with few saving graces.The songs practically scream `` record label deadline ! '' although a more logical assumption is that Stefani is coasting on her status as a cultural icon and has contracted a bout of creative hubris.With its anti-male lyrics and egotistical attitude , two versions of Top 10 single `` Wind It Up '' bookend the disc . The song is unfortunately a strong indicator of the dark places pop has begun to head , and its rampant sampling of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` The Lonely Goatherd '' from `` The Sound of Music '' has undoubtedly turned the renowned songwriters over in their graves . If Stefani was their only ticket back to the charts , it is a safe assumption they would have preferred to stay home.Verbal cotton candy continues to spew like lava . Take , for instance , these lines from the headache-inducing `` Breakin ' Up , '' which repeats several lines a multitude of times : `` I finally get you on the phone and our connections all wrong/You are acting like I 'm starvin ' you out/And my battery is gettin ' low/Get me charged up or you will regret it/I need to call you back so I can hear you better / ` Bout to end the conversation all together yeah . `` If that 's not lyrical brilliance , there are also these lines from the autobiographical yet melody-deprived `` Orange County Girl '' : `` Do n't know what I 'm doin ' back in the studio/Gettin ' greedy cause he said he had another sick flow/So I had to hollaback , guess I did n't get enough/Still feel the Wonderland , Alice and the tick tock/If you gim me a clap , I 'm gon na give an encore/Don ' t want it to end , I want to skank some more . `` Elsewhere , `` Yummy , '' featuring Pharrell , leaves a sour taste due to more laughable lyrics -LRB- complete with ice cream , Bentleys , Ferraris , pajamas , babies , doughnuts and pastries -RRB- , while `` Now That You Got It '' and `` Do n't Get It Twisted '' require something stronger than an aspirin.However , there is a tidy handful of tracks that do work . `` Early Winter , '' with its world-weary lyrics and heartrending vocals , evokes No Doubt at its prime . Furthermore , `` Wonderful Life '' and `` Fluorescent '' would have stood well amid the classy album tracks of her last record , complete with similarly hokey '80s synths . Those two are one-upped by `` 4 In the Morning '' and `` U Started It , '' which are marked by such a rhythmic urgency and fine delivery that they would fare well on radio.While it is n't a complete waste , `` The Sweet Escape '' is nevertheless a disappointing release , especially from someone with a track record like Stefani 's . The quality tracks shine , but they are outnumbered by an onslaught of drivel that cause the IQ to plummet on contact .
 Why ... why . . why ? I am a big fan of music , and artist trying out new things , but to put it very simple this album is horrible . I agree with others ... her 1st solo album was suprisingly good . Gwen hurry up and finish the No Doubt album , so I can forget you ever released this fisher price album . If this is talent , then i 'm sorry music fans ... not only should Nas album be called `` hip hop is dead '' but Gwen shoulda called this album `` Music is Dead '' She is following the same path as her husband ... anyone ever hear his solo ... nope ... that what I thought ...
 I 'm no fan of Gwen . I 'm not a fan of her first solo album -LRB- which was trash -RRB- , and No Doubt was a fairly overrated band , although the days when she sported the pink hair were the days I actually liked her , which is why I still sort of follow her career now . Nowadays I cringe when I hear any of her new material , walk as far as possible from her cheap looking yet outrageously expensive purses at Macy * s , and I try not to worry about her son who may one day get kidnapped by a creepy stalker after seeing the many times she smiled with the baby on a stroller , BEGGING for someone to snatch him.Okay . I promise the rest of the review will talk about the album . There are no other better words to describe the songs than tiresome , annoying and pointless . Gwen has not seemed to grow up in terms of making anything worthy of anyone 's time . Her voice is really annoying and extremely nasal , and the production of the music does not make it sound any better . As a musician she has downgraded several notches . Her music gets worse with each album . And honestly , judging by how awful the last No Doubt album was , it 's not going to surprise me that their upcoming album will be just as terrible.To be honest , Gwen is just like Beyonce , Christina and various other female singers who try too hard to blend in to what 's hot at the moment . With the foul state of what r & b ; and hiphop is right now , it 's not a surprise that Gwen has released some ridiculously bad content on this album . The nonsensical `` Wind it Up , '' for example , sounds like nothing but a way to cater to the audience that wants a poorly produced beat and lazy `` rapping . `` Stay away from this like the plague if you really do n't want to waste your time on juvenile lyrics with annoying background music to accomodate it . Sorry Gwen but I suggest you kindly step down before the wrinkles are visible through your makeup .
 This is some lame Akon remix . Thanks for not telling me that . How do I get my money back ??
 With each passing album , her music gets worse . The track `` The Sweet Escape '' makes me think of smiling dancing teddy bears with balloons and giant lollipops . The yodeling in the first track is unforgivable . The song should not be played under any circumstances . I wish she would put out a new album with No Doubt - some ska-ish tunes would be nice .
 This is another Gwen Stefani album that I had to somewhat sit through . She has never impressed me over the years . Her vocals are bad as well as the production . When she was in the group No Doubt , she was awesome , but she mailed in her career last year with that `` Love , Angel , Music , Baby '' album . A lot of these songs are completely pointless , and make absolutely no sense . And some of her vocals are almost painful to listen to . One of my friends burned this album for me , incase anyone is wondering how I obtained it . Do yourself a favor and save yourself an hour and some change , or like me nineteen minutes skimming through the tracks and end up throwing the CD out your window while driving . If you really want this album , it will be in the bargin bin at your local record store for $ 6.99 somewhere in late Januaury . Oh how the great have fallen . Avoid if all possible . 0 stars .
 This is another Gwen Stefani album that I had to somewhat sit through . She has never impressed me over the years . Her vocals are bad as well as the production . When she was in the group No Doubt , she was awesome , but she mailed in her career last year with that `` Love , Angel , Music , Baby '' album . A lot of these songs are completely pointless , and make absolutely no sense . One of my friends burned this album for me , incase anyone is wondering how I obtained it . Do yourself a favor and save yourself an hour and some change , or like me nineteen minutes skimming through the tracks and end up throwing the CD out your window while driving . If you really want this album , it will be in the bargin bin at your local record store for $ 6.99 somewhere in late Januaury . Oh how the great have fallen . Avoid if possible . 0 stars .
 YOUR A WHITE GIRL LAST I CHECKED ACT LIKE ONE .
 I have not yet received this item . I am unable to provide my comments.Please let me know when the item can be expected .
 I found this CD to have very dark-natured music , not very enjoyable for the most part as the individual tracks changed so often that the feel of the CD is not very cohesive .
 I have purchased -LRB- and returned -RRB- four , count 'em , four Green Mile soundtrack CD 's because of numerous skips . I keep going back , hoping the problem has been fixed , but no luck . I wrote Warner Brothers about this and I have not received a response to date . Has anyone else run into this frustrating problem ?
 The movie was great and the score enhanced it but I ordered the CD because of there were 3 or 4 old songs that sounded good . Thats it ! The rest of the 20 tracks are useless out of the movie context . Save your money .
 I felt frustrated with this CD . I saw the movie and I listened so beautiful Jazz Music . The CD just has a few ones . The rest ... is forgettable
 In a -LRB- big -RRB- word
 typical Naughty By Nature Theme a couple of Catchy Songs & hopefully that will get them over the hump.well not this time.Production & Overall vibe is off & Missing that Key Element to me.now they are given Props for hanging in the Game & maintaining there trademark of Party Grooves but on this set things come up short .
 As far as I 'm concerned , Naughty By Nature ARE hip-hop . After countless slamming albums they deserve the Iicon status they 've employed as the title of their latest collection.This represents the first time Vinnie and Treach have released an album without longtime DJ and Producer Kay Gee . While I originally thought that it 'd be sad not to have all three on board for this disc , I had hoped that Vinnie and Treach would be able to hold it down . This is definitely not the case.What you quickly realise when listening to Iicons is that Kay Gee 's production work was the glue that held NBN together . Without him , all that 's left is a messy album that lacks direction and falls into the sub-par basket I thought Naughty would always avoid.Sure , Treach still has a killer flow and Vinnie is as poetic as ever , but without the trademark Naughty high-hat beats and catchy hooks , Iicons is little more than two decent head-nodders -LRB- `` Swing Swang '' and `` NJ to LA '' -RRB- surrounded by 12 tracks that are only worthy of the fast-forward button.All we can hope now is that a reunion between Kay Gee and his former bandmates takes place before NBN releases their next collection . Otherwise , I fear we 're in for an extremely depressing time as we witness the drawn-out decline of what used to be a pioneering hip-hop ensemble .
 i thought this was going to be awesome but i was wrong.I liked two songs.this wasnt naughty at all.do not get this at all .
 Two songs saved this CD from total disaster , Iicons and Wild Mo ***** with Lil Jon . Other than that , the rest of the songs are average at best . It 's definitely not like their older material . They changed their style I think , and not for the better either.I wouldnt recommend this to fans of their old stuff , but - take a listen for yourself first of course and see what ya think ... I wasnt too happy myself . -LRB- The song IIcons rules though !!!! -RRB-
 I 'm sorry to all you Naughty By Nature fans and as much as I -LSB- respect -RSB- them , this garbage has put them in a new low . No acting grimy like in Uptown Anthem or O.P.P. , but you got them dancing in videos with the song Feels Good with 3LW , and on other songs trying to act hard with Lil Jon . There are a few good songs here like Rock and Roll with Method Man and Redman , which manages to somewhat keep this album alive -LRB- suprisingly giving this album 2 stars and not 1 -RRB- , and I 'm feeling the song with Pink , but the other songs are just swings and misses . I miss the Naughty By Nature 's
 no kay gee minus 20 pointsoutdatedplayed outtreach and pepa divorcedrap was moving towards the midwest and southyeah this group 's datys were numbered .
 not a horrible cd . but its only got a few songs on it that are good . a lot of ok songs . and few not very good ones . The Best song is FAMILY TREE and its the last song . every other naughty CD atleast a 4 rating . but if your a fan and a collector pick it up otherwise pass on this one .
 With all of the talent involved with this project , this CD should have been much better . Let 's see how the next one is . Skip this one .
 Not worth purchasing , terrible quality especially with the high quality of equipment the church as setup in the main auditorium
 It was really disappointing ; neither the Mormon Tabernacle Choir part nor the Vienna Boys Choir part was really good ; too much talking .
 The audio is fine , great music . The video for the Vienna Boy 's Choir portion seemed silly and takes away from the music . This might work best just to hear the audio and turn off the video .
 This should have a different name because it has no on screen graphics to be called karaoke . I bought this because it said karaoke i put it in my cdg player to no avail it was blank.i recieved a book with the words in very small print . sorry if i had known it was this type of karoke i would not have bougt it . It is good if ya dont want words and just music .
 Music on CD is accurate , almost letter perfect . The only thing they forgot to do was to leave out the first sung line of the song , then continue with a cheezy sounding , quasi-piano melody line going throughout the song . I feel when I purchase a Karaoke Track , I 'm getting just that , Just a track . Anyone with some experience singing and playing will know when to come in and maintain the melody without assistance from some space sounding instrument .
 I have been listening to Three 6 Mafia since 1995 and I must say that Lil Whyte is just another overhyped rapping Whiteboy . . I have a feeling if this guy was black , no one would really care who he is ... But he is a great marketing tool for Three 6 . But I would give him up anyday to have rappers like , T-Rock , Skinny Pimp , Gangsta Boo , Koopsta Knicca ext. . . back on the Hypnotized Label . . If Lil Whyte were to leave Three 6 Mafia today , his career would be over due to the fact that he is just another mediocar rapper under the tighest beats in the Rap game ...
 this cd sucks there are only 2 good sound on it the rest is the same repeatetive stuff blah blah weed blah blah gangsta rap is burned out already
 While there are definitely people who seem to like 3LW on their artistic merits alone -LRB- I 'm not one of those people -RRB- , it 's time really time that someone identifies what the true problem with this group is . It 's not lame lyrics or unoriginal music . It 's the fact that 3LW is another example of a disturbing and increasingly frequent trend in pop music to grab attention and sell records by emphasizing the sexuality of underage girls . While Adrienne Bailon is now 18 , she was still underage when this album was being written and even more underage when this group 's previous album was released . The other two members , Keily Williams and Naturi Naughton -LRB- no longer with the group -RRB- are both 16 . To see these girls regularly dress in clothing -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- that would be inappropriate even on South Beach and dancing bump and grinds in a such a way as to make the most permissive parent blush , is to realize that something has gone terribly and horribly wrong in music today . While young artists have always been a staple of pop music industry , the concept of selling their bodies and their sexuality as the primary means to sell the records is a fairly new development . Britney Spears can be thanked for this trend , which made the taboo ` Lolita ' syndrome okay in mainstream society . `` Girl Can Mack '' is an embarrassing and inappropriate album , both in song and video . The debut single off this album `` I do '' is a classic example of what 's wrong . The lyrics show the girls ` singing ' about partying and clubbing all night long . The video shows them bumping and grinding with very little clothing on with men who are nearly twice their age . Their vocals demonstrate how out of league they are with this material . The verses , the chorus , and the intro all have the sound of girls in a high school freshmen talent show . They simply sound too young to be singing about topics like this . Other songs reveal even more inappropriate material , like `` Ghetto Love and Heartbreak '' , `` Neva Get Enuf '' and `` Leave wit you -LRB- I think I wan na -RRB- '' . What are an 18-year old and two 16-year olds doing singing about things like that?It should come as no surprise that one of the members of the group , 16-year old Naturi Naughton , left the group because she did n't feel comfortable with the image she was portraying and being forced to take part in . There appears to be some relief on the horizon , though . With Britney 's popularity fading at an astronomical rate and producers doing more the keep clothes on their new young artists like a Vanessa Carlton , Michelle Branch , or even Hilary Duff , there 's a chance that this brief , shameful dalliance with promoting the sexuality of underage children is on its way out . We can only hope that is the case .
 I HEARD ABOUT 3LW AND I THOUGHT THEIRE ARE HOT BUT THEY DIDNT WHEN THE CD CAME OUT IN 02 I WAS LIKE IS HOT I WAS LISTING TO IT I WAS DISSAPOINTED ONLY GOOD SONG WAS I DO I HOPE THEIRE NEW ALBUM IS ABOUT TO BE HOT THEY SHOULD MAKE MORE SONGS WITH HOT RAPPER MORE CLUBBANGERS THATS WHY I DIDNT BOUGHT IT ! DONT BUY IT IS A `` WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY ! BYE BYE
 3lw was never a very popular group . i think thw only time they ever made heads turn was when their single `` i do '' blow up and when the group actually broke up . i dont see any point in them trying to get back together . it isnt like they 're going to be the next destiny 's child . omg , they could even make a dent compared to destiny 's child . this album is dull , real dull . who the hell gave them a deal ?
 3LW was never really a strong group . However their highly immature , Disney channel ready debut album spawned two successful singles and sold over 1.3 million units . The girls took all their time to promote their music on Nikelodeon & other kiddy stations , and then completely flipped the script for their sophomore release . Instead of being the cute little girls that sung corny songs to adolescent children , they know are trampy teenages that are trying to cross-over into the sex market , which is ruled by females like Britney Spears , Lil ' Kim & Christina Aguilera.The album 's first single `` I Do '' features the men of the minute , Bad Boy records rapper/producer/CEO Sean `` P. Diddy '' Combs , and Harlem World rapper Loon . Many other rappers show up here too , including a not so surprising appearence from Lil ' Kim on `` I Need That '' & Lil Wayne on the album 's second single `` Neva Get Enuff '' . 3LW follows down the same road of failure as other ` ghetto RnB divas ' Olivia , Truth Hurts & Sharissa , by imputting tracks like `` Ghetto Love & Heartbreak '' on the album . The girls all just turned 16 what the hell do they know about Ghetto Love or Heartbreak , especially since they all admitted to being single.The album though is heavy on sappy little love numbers and mediocre tracks , such as `` Crazy '' , `` One More Time '' & `` More then Friends '' . The slutty pop star movement needs to be shut down , because its just stupid . None of them have been able to put out a decent album . They should see how women like Mary J. Blige & Faith Evans drop hot albums , keep their clothes on and are respected more then the trampy girls are.In music now-a-days its all based on the look , the acts dont even carry real talent anymore . 3LW does n't have the talent , they dont have strong voices & their lyrically talents are very slim . They will sell based on the look alone , which is really what they are shooting for . I ca n't have respect for girls like that when there are girls like Mystic who have albums worth listening to that ca n't get noticed because they have self respect . I hope people get back into liking music for the actual music , instead of the sex appeal & appearences .
 This album is awful ! This is by far the worst excuse for an album . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the song I Do -LRB- Wan na Get Close to You -RRB- is very good . The rest of the album is ...
 I was 14 when their first album came out and loved it . This one is way different though . They are trying to change their image , but that is hard when you got your start in the young teen and pre-teen market . It seems that they are trying way too hard by having all the guest appearances by rappers in all the songs on this .
 I wish I could give this thing zero stars . This is truly the most over-priced , weakest excuse for a Karaoke CD that I 've ever been ripped off on . First off , it 's only an audio CD -- no visuals . It 's got a song-pamphlet , some of the words of which are not quite right -LRB- i.e. , `` I traveler far ... '' -RRB- . The instrumental sounds like it was done on a child 's toy piano . I expected a real band , at the LEAST . Save your money . This one 's a waste .
 ... must be nice to be Hal Willner . You 've got a rolodex filled with eccentric talents who seem to be willing to jump at your beck-and-call to help you chase down whatever your current fleeting musical obsession is , and record labels seemingly all-too-willing to invest in your `` art '' -LRB- little to none of which is actually written , performer , or arranged by you -RRB- in the hopes of garnering kudos from music critics who secretly want to be you -LRB- so of course they love it -RRB- . After all , they all have big record collections and appreciate talents like Van Dyke Parks , David Thomas , and Mary Margaret O'Hara on more levels than common listeners , right?Hal Willner
 `` I think there might have been a mistake . I did not receive `` Bing Bang Time to Dance . '' I recieve a weird CD with 8 Bing Bang remixes that sound like they belong at a rave ! :-LRB- There is no Christmas version or any of the other versions listed on this Item . The CD I received had no cover and like I said , does not have any of these songs . SUPER DISAPPOINTED ! '' Also , on the back of the CD case it clearly states `` POR PROMTIONAL USE ONLY - NOT FOR SALE . ''
 This is a great sing-a-long Christmas tunes grouping but the disc we ordered was damaged and did not work successfully on most songs .
 This CD has maybe one good uplifting song on it . Battleflag Pt . 2 is the only song on the CD that is upbeat . The rest of the songs are somewhat dark , dull and boring . Overall , the entire CD is somewhat disappointing . If the CD single of Battleflag was sold , a lot more money would have been saved on this CD .
 The lead singer is German and the rest of the group members are from Spain . I 've seen them labeled as a Mexican rock group more than a few times . Guess you 'd better call them European . The guys got a distinctive voice , no doubt , and getting the French import version with 25 tracks makes the most sense financially . Problem is , most of their work is nothing like the big radio song or the Nuggets II included `` Going Nowhere '' . If more of the tracks sounded like those two upbeat rockers you 'd have a tasty CD here .
 I ordered this cd only to find that it was only one song and it was dance music the cd cover was a home recording Ieventually ot my money back but had to return to Germany at my expense , do not purchase .
 it would be VERY NICE to have all of the song titles and samples listen otherwise how else are we supposed to see if we want to purchase it
 I thought the first two albums by SR-71 were pretty good . Unfortunately , this third release is not up to par with their previous efforts . Their first two albums had a unique sound that set them apart from the large number of young punk bands that have debuted in recent years . This album is a change for the worse with very mediocre cookie cutter punk music that sounds like a hundred other bands out there . Save some money and pick up their first two non import albums . You 'll get a lot more good music for less money .
 i think i ` m the olny person in this universe , who bought this cd , its on sale , 5 box people interest have to come to Caracas .
 I 'm sure that If Fall Out Boy remade this album now Ii 'd probably be better than what this turned out like.The end
 I love their Cd Take This to Your Grave but this Cd is nothing combare to that Cd . They were just bad . I felt ripped off and I so want my money back . They are a good band however so I got another one of their Cd 's called , My Heart Will Always Be B-Side to my Tongue wich is one of their better Cd 's . They did n't dissapointment . Get that Cd instead .
 Even Pete Wentz -LRB- plays bass/writes lyrics in FOB -RRB- describes Evening Out With Your Girlfriend as `` like the worst CD on the planet . '' He 's not being modest . I am a huge FOB fan , but this CD truly does suck . They did n't really know what they were doing back then , and , as other people have said , the harmonies clash all over the place . I like the lyrics -LRB- `` Next time the phone can wring my neck , it gets no answer '' -RRB- but do n't buy this if you 're expecting another Take This to You Grave , From Under the Cork Tree , or My Heart Will Always be the B-Side to My Tongue . If you are a freak like me , you might want to get it anyway , to complete your collection , but it 's not the kind of thing you 're going to want to hear 24/7 .
 fall out boy are great dudes . not to mention a talented , tight , determined , and pretty humble group of people . do n't even think about buying this record tho ! i know that this record was put out to only fill up a release on their b.s. contract with Uprising Records . the owner of that label , sean uprising , sucks . he 's a total piece who 's only out to make money on some good bands who unwittingly sign crippling record deals . he 's even about to RE-RELEASE this exact record ... why ? . . cuz he 's a money hungry dirtbag who 's capitolizing on a good band that was finally recognized . do n't buy this cd , go download it . the band agrees .
 this is a great album , but dont buy this version !!! this was remixed and remastered without FOB 's knowledge and re-released to the public . i tfeattures couple more songs than the original , but a real FOB fan will try to find the original version !!
 I 'm going to start off by saying that I really dig Fall Out Boy 's newest albums . I was just a little sickened that the fanboy earmuffs have gotten in the way of some people 's reviews . This album is awful . The guitars are messy in parts where they should be clean , the vocals are n't loud enough and are instead drowned out by guitars when the vocals should be the mainpoint of a song , among other things . I ca n't recommend this to any person with ears unlness it was for collection 's sake . Stay away from this and fall in love with `` Take This To Your Grave '' first , then come back to this album to see how far this band has grown .
 The band members often rip on themselves and this album , admitting that they were n't that great before Take This To Your Grave . To me , this was just a ploy by their former label to make some cash on Fall Out Boy 's name . Save your money .
 Im a huge fan of take this to your grave so when I was in the record store I figured this is probably pretty decent too . Not so , its like listening to an entirely different band . Its like nails on chalkboard to the ears when you compare it to take this to your grave , unbearable . Check out their newest EP if you want to add a fall out boy cd to your collection .
 Unlike every other FOB cd , this one 's effing horrible . Do n't buy it . If you 're smart , you 'd buy The Promise Ring 's `` Very Emergency '' instead .
 i 've been a fan of fob for a while , and because of that I decided to shell out 15 bucks for this crap , despite it 's bad reviews . well , now that i have it first hand , I can say with full confidence that it blows . I really wanted to like it because it was falloutboy , but damn , it 's not good . the production is terrible -LRB- seriously , I 've heard better from cheap home studio equip . -RRB- , and the arrangement of the tracks just does n't flow well at all . with only 8 songs -LRB- calm before the storm does n't count , as it appears on TTTYG -RRB- , and 24 miuntes of music , it does n't really feel like a full album either , more like an EP . Do n't get me wrong , I really like falloutboy , and their talent is still visible even through the cheap sound , but part of me wishes I had just downloaded instead . Do n't listen to mr. uprising either , he 's a real a ** . It 's totally well known the sean keeps ALL the profits from the bands work on `` girlfriend '' , and the fact that he keeps remixing it for re-sale is a joke . STAY AWAY from the new copy released on may 17th , and if you feel you must hear the 8 new tunes , find it for download and save you dough . it 's a lose , lose situation , both for the band and for you wallet . 2 stars , but ONLY cuz ' it 's FOB . not a quality product .
 Here we have Fall Out Boy , the biggest pop-punk band since Yellowcard , with some of their earlier efforts . In one listen it 's easy to tell why they did n't get much press with it.In all honesty it sounds like a demo EP . Production quality is nowhere near their last two albums . Something is really smelly about the harmonies , they clash all over the place -LRB- maybe they did n't know exactly how to use them back then -RRB- , and the lead guitar lines are pretty rank.Only recommended for the most devoted Fall Out Boy fans . For the average listener , pick up ` Take This To Your Grave ' , or their latest CD , ` From Under The Cork Tree ' , instead of this . You 'll thank yourself for it .
 BEWARE!This is not actually a CD . As a result of the copy protection on this CD , it is technically no longer a CD - indeed , nowhere on the CD or packaging is the Compact Disc Digital Audio logo with which we are all familiar.As a result , this will not play on any player I own . When I put it in my computer , the CDrom makes sickly clicking noises and spins up and down constantly . The DVD side works fine -LRB- in the same drive -RRB- , but the CD portion is essentially broken.I like Fintroll as a band , but it 's hard to rate a product that is inherently broken over one star .
 I was sent the wrong CD , but the CD I received did have all the songs that I had expected from the requested CD . Also had many I do n't care about . Recordings are good , however , so still a good purchase .
 had my cds quite a while but never opened them . thur . the 21st i took the conway twitty cd with me , opened it , put in trk cd player , it did nothing but displayed `` bad cd '' . havent opened any of other cds , but will in near future and see if they are bad cds too . very disappointed , went in store and bought a cd which i could listen to .
 I purchased this CD last holiday season -LRB- from a store -RRB- and have only suffered through it once . While I enjoy alternative versions of traditional Christmas music , this CD was very disappointing . It does not deliver the `` laid back '' charm of most Reggae music . Do n't bother . I 'm going to sell my copy .
 I was reading notes on Pandora about the Connells and saw that there was a solo CD by George Huntley so I bought it . If I had been paying attention I would have noticed that all -LRB- or at least most -RRB- the songs were written by one of the Connells not the vocalist Huntely . So it was n't a solo Connells CD and was weak compared to the group work .
 Although a lot of people do n't care for Conor Oberst personally , I think he 's an amazing lyricist and have been following him in Omaha since the beginning . `` Digital Ash '' was such a disappointment ! Not even this die-hard Bright Eyes fan was on board . I 've given the album more than a fair chance , and although I like some of the lyrics , the music and arrangements are a far cry from anything Bright Eyes has done before and ends up sounding , as others have said , rather amateurish.Worse , though , was seeing these songs played in concert earlier this month . Oberst followed The Faint , which really rocked the crowd , and then songs from `` Digital Ash '' brought everyone down , causing many people to leave early . He only played one song not from the CD , and a lot of people were hoping to hear a few from `` I 'm Wide Awake , It 's Morning . '' Given that the audience was mostly from his home town , the mass exodus served as a fair review . Buy another CD instead of this one -- `` Lifted '' if you do n't have it .
 My roommate and I are Bright Eyes fans , not diehard , but quite fond of earlier CD 's which we found to be lyrically great -LRB- Lifted of the story . . , fevers and mirrors -RRB- ... So when Bright Eyes was going to release 2 CDs at once , we were pretty enthralled . But being college students -LRB- and therefore slightly short of cash -RRB- I decided that I would buy `` I 'm wide awake '' and he would buy `` Digital Ash '' ... Then we could listen to both.Well I am glad that luck was in my favor , because `` Digital ash '' is unlike bright eyes I have known . THey go for the Postal Service electronica style , but whereas `` Give Up '' is a pleasant if unexciting CD , it is more than listenable . To be harsh this CD is almost egregious to the point that it gets little to no playing time in our doorm.If you want to get into Bright Eyes though , get some of the earlier CDs . I loved `` Lifted '' and `` fevers '' , and to a lesser extent `` Im wide awake '' . Not digital ash .
 This album severely lacks coherency , listenable melodies , hooks , flow and story . I am not a big Bright Eyes fan and I honestly think he 's overrated , but that was after listening to this disappointing release . There are very few genius moments scattered throughout this album , but not enough to make it worth your while.If you are not familiar with Bright Eyes , try some of his other albums -LRB- I 'm Wide Awake It 's Morning is actually pretty good -RRB- . This album is not a good introduction to his work to say the least . I guess it was meant for hardcore fans!I , for one , wo n't be buying any of his albums anytime soon .
 Errr ... this is n't very good . At all . Almost to the point of being unlistenable really . The electronic experiment just did n't work out too well for ole Conor . It 's too bad cause there was some good writing on this record , it 's just masked by the otherworldly horrendous `` beats . '' So one star for the lyrics . Then another star for two good songs that are actaully pleasant to listen to and do contain some stellar lyrics
 -LSB- ... -RSB- ^ What I THOUGHT i was buying.I THOUGHT I was buying a Bright Eyes ` Digital Ash in a Digital Urn ` Viynl because THATS WHAT IT SAID IN THE DESCRIPTION ! I was sent a CD , something I could have downloaded in 5 seconds . I paid money and had trust that I was going to get what I paid for . Now I must drive to the closest UPS Store -LRB- 30 mins away -RRB- on my day off to return this and get my money back . This was meant to be a gift for my girlfriends birthday , now she ca n't get what she wanted and I have to find something else to get her on this short notice . Really was n't expecting this . .
 A lot of critics are saying this guy -LRB- I do n't know if Bright Eyes is his real name but I would advise against having a plural noun as a name -- people think your a bunch of things instead of just one thing
 Kinks.New Order.Bob Dylan.etc ... Nice lyrics , but tunes -LRB- and the hooks especially -RRB- sound far too familiar , no matter if they 're dressed up with beeps and electrical whistles.I guess with two albums to release so close together he had to cut corners somewhere . Do your own work next time , Oberst .
 This collection has the taint of the throwaway about it ... it 's clear these songs were n't labored over to the exent those on `` Wide Awake '' were - there is not the same level of craft here , which the elaborate arrangements and synth treatments are not quite up to the job of hiding ... skip this and go straight to `` Wide Awake '' ...
 After enjoying `` I 'm Wide Awake It 's Morning '' I decided to purchase `` Digital Ash '' . All I can say is what a waste . The other revewer who described the album as amaturish hit the nail on the head . Banal would be a generous description of this album . The only positive point I could make about the CD is that at least the artist did n't attempt to rap . This one 's so bad I 'll be throwing it away ... I 'd be too embarrassed to give it away .
 I wonder if Bob Dylan likes Bright Eyes . Bob Dylan had the tumultuous 60 's to remark on and did . Conor Oberst has the turbulent early 2000 's to remark on and instead decides to pout and hang his head and act cutesy and call himself `` Bright Eyes '' . No one will be talking about this kid in 5 years , unless they 're saying `` whatever happened to ... ? '' This guy is like Wilco , his music has potential but it 's so totally freaking boring unless you 're extremely sedated or you live in Nebraska .
 Rejoice peeps ! Conor Oberst , currently in the running for most overrated artist to ever be allowed to record music , has finally discovered Depeche Mode ! What will the kids think
 Conor Oberst May Be The Darling Of Nebraska & Rolling Stone Magazine , But He 's About As Hip As Herpes ! Robert Smith & The Cure Did It All Before In The Last Century , And It Was ORIGINAL Then ! I Give It 5 Yawns .
 This is a special edition `` Six-Word '' reveiw : `` Digital @ $ $ Taking a Digital Sh ! % `` Thank you .
 What a sad state in the world of music when the masses recognizes a band such as Bright Eyes as a band that might actually possess some talent . Or do they ? Is Bright Eyes just like ` Lil John and his crew of buffons ? Is the fact that MTV or MTV2 plays their videos enough to get fans to buy their CDs regardless of how talented they may be ? Well , no . That 's probably not the case with emo . Emo , from what I can , is a form of music built up from a cult following , and of course the fan base grew . Emo is a lifestyle ... and that 's the problem . Seeing these skinny high school runts walking about with their gloomy faces and raggy hair covering their eyes truly makes me sick . Yes , it 's true that emo is basically the new rap metal , and fortunately that means that it too will die , but why must it be here at all ? It 's not so much how horrible the music is , with it 's repeatitive simplistic power chords that are only suitable to be a beginning guitarists first song to learn and vocals that resemble Axl Rose before he hit puberty , but the whole image that comes along with it . Did your girlfriend break up with you ? Go buy a Brand New CD . Did someone not say `` hi '' to you in the hallways for whatever reason today ? Add some My Chemical Romance to that list as well . It all truly sickens me . What will these sheep who hav all their little websites , usually something like `` xxdarkheartxx '' or `` xxsadxsoulxx '' or `` deadxlover '' or whatever , and then of course at the top of their webpage there 's the webcam close-up photo of there face , looking sad as can be , basicallly screaming out `` PAY ATTENTION TO ME ! '' This is what emo supports . It supports that if you 're sad now , it 's not gon na get better . That girl 's never gon na come back and you should keep crying over her . How f*cking pathetic . Truly ... I just ca n't stand to see the mainstream recognize this form of music , I really ca n't . But in two years , no one will remember emo , so I have that to look forward to . But for now , I have to go to high school everyday and face these pathetic f*ck s in the hall on my way to gym everyday . And I do n't write a song about that .
 i think i ` m the olny person in this universe , who bought this cd , its on sale , 5 box people interest have to come to Caracas .
 ... but not so much musically . This collection is a good illustration of the critique once made by musician/producer Brian Eno -LRB- at one time an art school student of Phillips -RRB- that in the ` 60s and ` 70s , what he termed the `` process art '' faction of British Avant-Garde composers were often more concerned with how intriguingly intellectual the processes they used to compose their pieces were than with how interesting the results were to listen to ; as he expressed it , the less intelligible a piece was , the higher its intellectual value was thought to be . Of course , that 's a philosophy that goes back decades earlier , at least to the days of Schoenberg 's development of twelve-tone serialization . An advantage of `` process music '' is that one does n't necessarily need to have any particular musical or compositional skill , just raw material and a process . I do n't mean that as a criticism of Phillips or any other particular composer - I say it from personal experience . That does n't mean the results will necessarily be either good or bad ; sometimes they can be surprisingly successful , other times , excruciatingly dreadful.At any rate , after listening to this CD a couple of times , I found the booklet more interesting than the music itself . A couple of the pieces are so-so , but most of these pieces do n't do much for me . I had hopes for this CD when I ordered it because I really like some of Phillips ' other work , especially his masterpiece , the altered-text/graphic novel , `` A Humument '' . As for his music , the only other piece I was previously familiar with was his opera , `` Irma '' , itself developed out of selections from `` A Humument '' , as were some of the pieces on this CD , according to the booklet . I used to have a wonderful realization of `` Irma '' by Gavin Bryars on Eno 's -LRB- aptly named -RRB- Obscure Records label , which was issued by Polydor or Island back in the ` 70s . I wish someone would reissue those albums on CD ; as far as I know , the only one available is Eno 's own `` Discreet Music '' . The ten albums of that short-lived label were an excellent selection of British -LRB- and , in one case , American -RRB- Avant-Garde music that was as interesting to listen to as were the ideas behind it ; Phillips ' `` Irma '' -LRB- as realized by Bryars -RRB- was itself a very listenable and charming work . Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same for `` Six of Hearts '' . At best it stands as a historically interesting demonstration of a certain period and a certain philosophy of the Avant-Garde arts movement in Britain - not really that bad , but not really that good , either .
 it would be VERY NICE to have all of the song titles and samples listen otherwise how else are we supposed to see if we want to purchase it
 DeceivingNaxos has some excellents opera records
 This is probably the laxest , most uninspiring Bruckner Ninth since the old Adler performance of the corrupt Loewe Edition of the Symphony . Tempi drag and nothing really sems to emerge . Avoid this and get Kurt Eichhorn 's performance with the Linz Bruckner Orchestra on Camerata .
 If you do n't mind listening to noise , then buy this cd . Otherwise , check out another title with quality music .
 I bought this album based on the reviews here . Let me tell you , it 's NOT THAT GOOD
 A poor man 's Nine Inch Nails ? A Stabbing Westward clone ? Those comparisons may be hard to pin down , though it 's fairly certain that Gravity Kills ' direction is toward the small yet lucrative mid-90s fusion of dance pop and industrial metal . The group 's debut was spearheaded by an appearance of their single `` Guilty '' on the Seven Soundtrack in 1995 . The dark , pulsating sack of nails and grit fit well in the overwhelming sickness and rain splattered malebolge of David Fincher 's psychological thriller . Though a fun listen for ravers and headbangers alike , Gravity Kills ' self titled album is more drab than daring . Weak choruses , stale lyrics about rejection or whatever , and directionless production confines this one to random play.Bite a glowstick and take some X , for unlike Trent Reznor 's use of synth to punctuate his reflective lyrics of self-darkness , front man Jeff Scheel 's bin-scraped musings take a backseat to the throbbing bass and mixed beats . The heartbeat of the album which abates with only slight palpitations , the dance mixes underpinning the performances align Gravity Kills more with techno than with Reznor 's industrial enterprise . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , but the mold makes it extremely difficult for the band to fit in any particular niche . They 're not nihilistic enough to be metal , they 're too dark for pure dance pop , and they 're not expressive enough to attract a mass-following of depressed teens . Creating a combination of all these elements is also not necessarily a bad thing , but in the case of this album , Gravity Kills shows that they 're mediocre at all of them.Scheel 's acid-washed voice growls , but does n't spit . He repeats `` you '' throughout the entire album , an apparent reference to one or every girl who ever left him . His best moments are when he matches his disgusted gravel to the low-end synth instead of shouting with the sledgehammer power chords . The opening of `` Here '' is his shining moment , where he grumbles his discontent in isolation and gives his greatest hint at sincerity . Throughout the album sadly , his monotone voice is as undynamic as the recycled metal riffs peppering the production . Stabbing Westward was essentially a grunge band with keyboards , but Chris Hall 's seductive voice and pained cries lent some credence to his wailings about women and depression . Shouting does n't equal pain.Each song is as unmemorable as its predecessor , if not more . The single-word song titles certainly do n't help , and give the impression that the entire album was created by a machine , not men . Crescendos fall off too quickly to provide any sense of tension or grip , and the echo effects are just plain silly . `` Inside '' is a shameless Nine Inch Nails rip off , with Scheel 's halting vocals mimicking Reznor 's amidst creepy jack-in-the-box electronic percussion all too familiar to Nails fans . The album loses steam before it gains any and the electronic glaze thrown over every track gives it a diseased feel . In industrial , disease is powerful , but not when `` I thought I could fly , but that has been done before , I 'm feeling hopeless , hopeless inside '' is the bile.The highlights of the album are actually its bookends . `` Forward '' and `` Hold '' bleed into each other through a simple muted progression . A female voice moans or groans , a testament to crushing desire and pained pleasure . On a variety of Tool 's `` Stinkfist '' on a date rape drug , Scheel finally comes through as a figure wasted away through his own weaknesses in a one-sided dialogue with his longtime adversary . The bopping bass dissipates and all that 's left is a minimalist feature which is more powerful than all the other tracks combined . Too late in the game , the audience has already yawned or mindlessly danced itself out .
 I 'm finding it hard to believe that this received a 4.5 cumulative review . Now I generally love this kind of music ; I am a huge NIN , Skinny Puppy , and somewhat of a KMFDM and Stabbing Westward fan . This is just so lifeless , and by-the-numbers though and you really can tell listening to it . Take the lyrics for `` Guilty '' for instance -LRB- one of the higher points of the album -RRB- . `` 1 and 1 and 1 make three . 1 and 1 why ca n't you see . Im killing you , you 're killing me '' Do n't kill me if those are n't the exact lyrics but whatever , just generic uninteresting stuff . There 's a reason you can buy this used for what was it ... $ 1.94 ? OH and you can get there follow up -LRB- i think it was the follow up -RRB- `` Perversion '' for one cent !! Yes that 's right one f**king cent . There 's a little guilty pleasure to be found on here with -LRB- i did n't mean to do that -RRB- `` Guilty '' and `` Enough '' almost shows some promise . Everything else is predictable garbage with the same disco beat to all of it . I do n't like being harsh on CDs I own , since I did buy the thing after all , and I did try to give it a fair chance . Some deserve it though . I 'll sell you my copy for a quarter if you want it .
 This cd is quite uniquely made but I dont really like it ... its up to you to judge . . Maybe im just not into this sort of music ; -RRB-
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not some N'Sync groupie berating `` heavy '' music . I love industrial music , but Gravity Kills just falls flat . The songs are bland and uninspired , like a second rate Stabbing Westward or budget-bin Filter . The songs take no risks and are quite forgetable.Their song `` Guilty '' was on the movie Seven , I believe , and while pretty good by itself , can not carry the whole album , especially when the rest of it sounds exactly the same . Yay , they have distortion pedals ! The titles could use some work , too ... they 're all ... . blah.I give the CD 2 stars on the strength of `` Guilty , '' but that 's being generous . You 're better off buying Stabbing Westward or NIN , two bands they attempt to immitate but which are much more creative within the genre .
 Buck-O-Nine is a pretty average ska band . They play a couple catchy songs , but unfortunatly they are n't very talented musicians , and this makes for songs that lack variety . Another problem is the vocalist , who sounds like a frog . Not a big bull frog , or a little one for that matter , but , you know , just one of those average green frogs you see in ponds . If you just heard their single on the radio , I ca n't blame you for thinking that these guys are the greatest . But believe me , If you take the time to delve a little deeper into the ska and punk scenes , you 'll find that most real ska makes this band look pathetic .
 ... but the rest is barely mediocre . In fact , most of the songs sound the same . Not a purchase I was pleased with , and as soon as I get around to putting the two or three decent songs on a mix , this one 's probably getting sold to the used CD shop up the street . If you want , you can pick it up there for $ 8 , and start the vicious cycle all over again .
 Do n't buy this CD , its not very good . However , the `` Pass The Dutchie '' EP is great . It contains a great cover of `` Pass The Dutchie '' -LRB- different and better than the one on Barfly -RRB- and 5 unreleased tracks , including a great remix of `` 28 Teeth '' . Pass this one up and go for `` Pass The Dutchie '' .
 i love the music that is being played but i cant stand the singers voice , its annoying , go listen to some ska with good singers in it
 Well , just recently i bought a few cds from amazon and 28 teeth was one of them . At first i was really hyped up about this cd because of the good things i heard about it but once i popped it into the cd player i was dissapointed . I could n't even listen to the whole cd the first time i tried because it lost me after the first 5 songs . I expected better ska than this , the horn section is not that impressive and the vocals are just terrible . I must admit that on a select few songs the horn section is OK at best but nothing compared to Mustard Plug or the Mad Caddies . What i would do with the $ $ $ your about to spend on this cd would be to buy a Mad Caddies cd ... . now that is a good band ! ...
 I bought this CD at time ago but never really sat down to listen carefully all songs recorded.Based on the title and featured by `` Don Marsh Orchestra '' I was sure that it was played by a real full orchestra like many other CDs under the direction of Don Marsh , which is a great conductor and arranger.On this CD , unfortunately , he made a mistake to use a synthesizer imitating many solo instruments like violin , flute , violoncello , piano , and many other instruments of orchestra . Not only that , the string bass , also synthesizer , is played on a constant and squared rhythm that make our ear tired . I was capable to listening only few tracks of it.For people that like to listen a good and real orchestra like the one from Eden Symphony Orchestra , which I bought lately , this CD from Don Marsh can not get other title better than BORING .
 DO N'T listen to this crap , get As I Lay Dying , real talent there .
 Aerosmith . Over the last 40 years , Aerosmith have given us nothing but the best rock and roll music . During their years as a band , they 've had many ups -LRB- look at all of those hit albums ! -RRB- and downs -LRB- Joe Perry and Brad Hamilton 's departures in 1980 and 1981 , respectively -- they would both return in 1985 -RRB- . But these guys have always given us great music , and for the most part , all of their albums are great -LRB- ` Just Push Play , ' from 2001 , is the exception -RRB- . So , Columbia and Geffen -LRB- the group 's two labels -RRB- have teamed up once again to give us yet another Aerosmith compilation . Released in 2006 , ` Devil 's Got a New Disguise ' was created for the casual Aerosmith fan as a bare bones hit package containing several Aerosmith classics and some new songs.So , how does this measure up?Not well , I 'm afraid . The new tracks are as good as anything they 've done since 1995 , and they are n't awful . But , is it worth shelling out $ 13 for this one CD for the new songs unless you are a die-hard Aerosmith fan ? Absolutely not.What 's here is great . ` Dream On , ' ` Mama Kin ' -LRB- how often do you see this on a single-disc Aerosmith compilation !? -RRB- , and ` Last Child ' -LRB- among my favorite Aerosmith songs -RRB- are all here . And they sound great . They 've been digitally remastered , and Columbia did a good job with it too.But I 've got many complaints too.First , why did they include the Run-D.M.C . remix of ` Walk This Way ' from 1986 as opposed to the classic studio version ? This is supposed to be a ` VERY BEST OF , ' right ? Aerosmith do sound good here , and I like the remix , but do I think it belongs on a ` Very Best of Aerosmith ' disc ? No way.And , too many single edits . While the band 's Geffen years of 1985-1994 are far inferior to their first stint at Columbia , they still put out some relatively good singles , and ` What It Takes ' -LRB- perhaps one of their best songs of this period -RRB- , ` Crazy ' and ` Livin ' on the Edge ' all appear in edited versions . ARGH ! When will people get it right ? YOU CA N'T ANTHOLOGIZE AEROSMITH IN ONE , EVEN TWO DISCS ! It 's impossible.Also , there are WAY TOO MANY MISSING TRACKS . ` Same Old Story , Same Old Song and Dance , ' ` Big Ten Inch Record , ' ` Toys in the Attic , ' ` Train Kept A-Rollin ' , ' and ` Remember -LRB- Walking in the Sand -RRB- ' all are MIA . How can you have an Aerosmith best-of album and not include these?Overall , this is yet another fine example of the greedy folks at Geffen and Columbia trying to deprive all of you of your hard earned dollar . They include several new recordings alongside tracks that have been issued -- and countless times , might I add -- on many other compilations.Just go buy ` Greatest Hits ' or ` Big Ones , ' for semi-proper anthologies of the band 's early and commercial years . As of 2010 , there is not yet any compilation that even * adequately * summarizes Aerosmith 's career . ' O Yeah ' comes close , but no cigar . We 'll just have to keep on waiting for the day Aerosmith gets a career-spanning box set , I guess . -LRB- Note
 I loved Aerosmith and would gladly welcome a CD that had some rarities from the good old days . Same songs that have been on countless other complilation CDs . Next will be abother CD of little girl songs . Maybe it 's time to retire guys .
 Just what we need from Aerosmith , ANOTHER Greatest Hits Package with a few new songs thrown in to get people to buy it !!! Pure Schlock !!! Do n't bother buying this one pick up one of the other 27 greatest hits albums they have had out over the past 20 years !!!!
 Both The Lable & the Band are Guilty of Pissing Down the Leg of One of the true Great american Rock bands , Like The Other truely Great American Rock band -LRB- Cheap Trick -RRB- we have been bombarded with Cut rate compilations of past glory , What the band really has told it 's fans is This , We have nothing Tangible to say we have milked our cow dry But we are not quite done Fleecing you so Give us your money because we spent most of our fortune sticking things In our noses & veins so Give us more money beause we are now addicted to your hard earned Cash . stay away from this & all further released albums by this band until they give us more than Hits or Live compilations or Rehashed Blues numbers from artists who did them better in the first place save you money & buy yourself a Muddy Waters CD or a willie Dixon cd see where these rip off artists bit thier style from in the first place
 Why release this compilation ? We already have Aerosmith 's Greatest Hits . Go and get that instead .
 Let 's do a little math . Over the course of their career , Aerosmith have released fourteen `` proper '' albums . There are also five official live albums -LRB- 1 . Live Bootleg , 2 . Classics Live I , 3 . Classics Live II , 4 . A Little South of Sanity , 5 . Rockin ' the Joint . -RRB- Meanwhile , not including various repackaging schemes , re-releases , and international items , there are currently nine Aerosmith compilation albums on the market . -LRB- 1 . Greatest Hits , 2 . Gems , 3 . Pandora 's Box , 4 . Big Ones , 5 . Box of Fire , 6 . Young Lust , 7 . O Yeah , 8 . Gold , 9 . Devil 's Got a New Disguise . -RRB- Add those compilations to the live albums and you get fourteen `` retrospective '' releases . So Aerosmith and their record companies have managed to squeeze fourteen retrospectives out of fourteen original albums . A pretty impressive feat , if you think about it . But it 's obvious what the true fan should really spend his or her money on , if you disdain market saturation and contractual fulfillments.The recent compilations favor the overblown blues/soul orchestrations of the latter phase of the band 's career -LRB- late 80s to present -RRB- , while giving short shrift to the well-toned heavy rock of the classic years -LRB- up to the late 70s -RRB- and completely ignoring the lost years -LRB- late 70s to mid 80s -RRB- . If you 're partial to the hard rockin ' classic years , then for a useful overview you still ca n't do any better than the short and snappy Greatest Hits from 1980 . Or just buy all the proper albums from that period , which would be infinitely more rewarding than these useless modern compilations . As for this new Devil 's Got a New Disguise release , the song selection is nearly identical to the O Yeah collection from just four years ago , with the obligatory so-called bonus tracks to supposedly make the purchase worthwhile . Here , `` Sedona Sunrise '' is actually rather unique for the band 's recent history , but there 's a reason the two bonus tracks were previously unreleased . One could certainly blame the record companies for regurgitating all these quickie compilations , but some fault also lies with the band , who have diluted their legacy by allowing these repetitive retrospectives to be released , as easy ways to fulfill contracts . If you 're really into Aerosmith , just commit some money to all of those fourteen original albums . After all , there 's as many of those as there are retrospectives , and the originals are where the action really is . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 Aerosmith is contractually obligated to Sony Music to deliver another record this year . They had begun recording one , but Steven Tyler had to have throat surgery - taking him away from singing for months - and another bandmember was diagnosed with cancer and has begun treatment , preventing him from playing with the band also.In order to fulfill their contract they put out a Greatest Hits , and because it contains two new songs -LRB- one an old demo from the Pump days , actually -RRB- it is technically a `` new album . `` So there you go .
 This is for the kids , because there 's nothing here for the fans . We 've had this stuff for years . As far as the new songs go ... we may be older , but we sure as heck know how to download ! We 've got money-just do n't want to waste it . How about a decent concert DVD !
 Because I have been an Aerosmith fan since 1977 , seen them many times , own all 14 studio albums , and own the 5 mediocre live albums , I feel I am qualified to post this review . How can a band like Aerosmith , one of the greatest live acts of all time , put out 14 studio albums , and look you in the eye while releasing their 12th greatest hits collection ? How many times can you really sell the studio version of Dream On ? If it is about the money , more power to them , do not blame them , but why not release some real live albums instead ? I am not talking about half a show like the one they did on `` Rockin the Joint '' , or a collection of live tracks like those that they did on `` Little South of Sanity '' , but a boneified , un-cut , un-censored live Aerosmith show . Instead of another Aeorsmith Greatest hits every Christmas , why not a complete live show ? How much effort could it really take to cut the interviews out of `` You Got ta Move '' and release the soundtrack on CD ? How much effort can it take to release the complete un cut show from `` Rockin the Joint '' ? What would you rather own , another greatest hits package with the same 15 - 22 songs or a complete show from the Done with Mirrors tour ? Would n't you trade `` Young Lust the Aerosmith Anthology '' for the complete live New Years Eve 1999 show from Japan ? Would n't you trade `` Oh Yea Ultimate Aerosmith Hits '' for one of the two live Donnington shows they did in the 90 's , or how about trading `` Big Ones '' for something live from the Rocks tour , or even the complete show from Vegas they cut up for `` Rockin the Joint '' . The production cost on these records would not be anymore then the Greatest Hits packages they turn out . They would probably sell more copies and make their true fans happy . I just do not see how a band can have more greatest hits albums then they do top ten hits . How can a band like Aerosmith who has been rockin it out for over 30 years not release one complete live show ? You know the vaults at Perry 's house are full of them . How a bout a box set with 4 or 5 complete shows from throughout their career ? Anything but another greatest hits album .
 DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU ARE AWARE OF THE CHOPPED SONGS ON IT . I was so excited to pop this C.D. in and as I started to listen and sing along I was quite upset to find out that most of the songs on the C.D. have large portions cut out . I felt like throwing the C.D. out the window , and I may as well have , because I cant return it , and I am still going to have to buy another C.D. that has the full versions of the songs on it .
 I am both a big Aerosmith fan and the guy who usually ends up writing a review defending releases like this . It makes me laugh the way so many people come into these boards and write reviews all bent out of shape because a band is releasing yet another live or greatest hits album . It 's not that I disagree that there may be too many of them or that it is an obvious marketing ploy , but some people take it so personally you 'd think someone was putting a gun to their head and forcing them to buy these things . There are all these comments about the band or record company `` robbing '' customers . That 's ridiculous . If you do n't want it , do n't buy it . How does its existence in the market place hurt you ?! If it pleases someone else then it is worth having -LRB- for them anyway -RRB- available . The rest can just leave it on the shelf and keep right on walking.I generally would rather have a new album from an artist or band a truly love , but specialty products like greatest hits compilations , boxsets , live albums , and rarity compilations are fun too , and a lot of times something I really look forward to enough - especially with bands that have very little of those type of releases , or have yet to get them right - that I would request them over a new album . There is a weird condescension among fans generally
 I love everything they have released but if you seriosly wan na buy a greatest Hits album of this band , Do n't buy this one They left off a couple of there Number 1 's some songs are cut way to short Like take `` Livin on the Edge '' it 's original runtime is 6:21 on this album it 's two minutes shorter , and `` Walk This Way '' buy Run DMC and Aerosmith is originally 5:11 and on here it 's 3:40 and theres a few more songs that are cut like this . I mean seriously what happend in the studio come on guys release something better than this . But hey I do give you credit there is two brand new songs on here the title song and Sedona Sunrise , and there purrdy good . but seriosly if you want some good Aerosmith songs please buy O , Yeah it want disappoint your tast for Aerosmith . it may cost a little bit more . But it 's worth it .
 I LOVE Aerosmith , and i have for ages ... but we do n't need yet another greatest hits album ! we 're not gon na pay that much money to get two new tracks ! yes it 's affordable , but for an album which includes new songs you actually want to have , not to get a couple of new songs ... . we need a new studio album , not another compilation !
 This Has To Be The Worst Rip Off Ever It Dosent Even Have Angel , Draw The Line Or Kings And Queens I Definatley Wont Be Wasting My Hard Earned Cash On This Sh **
 Do we really need another Aerosmiths greatest hits cd?This collection of tunes does n't do any justice to the band as their are just way to many good songs missing with a single disc package . Perhaps they should give a us 3 cd set package that has 70 's tunes on disc one , followed by the 80 's on disc two , and of course the 90 's and so on , on disc three . At least this would give the listener a better perspective of what this band is all about . This effort just leaves out way to many good songs and is just a waste of time and money . Even with the two new tunes , it 's still somewhat pointless really.Buy Pandora 's box if you want the old stuff or O , Yeah ! Ultimate Aerosmith Hits if you want an overall best of . Either way , their are far better hits packages from this band than this one provides , so look elsewhere !! Anyway I give the band a 5 and this compilation a 1 .
 If your a new fan , do n't start here with this collection.You can pretty much grab any of the `` columbia '' cd 's without fear.I 'm listening to the `` Draw The Line '' Cd right now -LRB- great -RRB- . Kids , They really were the greatest American rock band , just do n't judge them on `` do n't wan na miss a thing '' . `` Gems '' is a really good greatest hits if your looking for that sort of thing .
 Even though the songs are the classics , this is guaranteed to give you a headache in no time . Yes I am using the best of tube gear there is . It is apparent that for the making of this compilation they have not used the original tapes and it sounds truly awful.Guys the reason why someone still buys a CD instead of download the mp3 is some quality even though incomparable to vinyl . If the CD sounds just like a lousy mp3 with the terrible distortion that implies , then what 's the point of paying for the whole CD ????
 Stop the madness !! We need to take a stand and stop buying these CDs so that Aerosmith will stop putting them out . It 's kind of like the aging football player who plays one or two seasons too long . Everybody else knows he should retire but him . Aerosmith should just retire and live off the royalties and endorsements for the rest of their lives . They have n't put out a good studio album since Permanent Vacation . I stopped buying their crap after Pump . Please end the Greatest Hits madness !!!!!
 This collection is pathetic considering how many good songs Aerosmith has . A band like Aerosmith needs at least 2 CDs to fit their very best songs in it . It 's ridiculous that they do n't even include a single from their Nine Lives album .
 This album from the `` Boys from Boston '' makes you realize that -- these guys are no longer boys . This band defined my own and my friend 's youth . We grew up with them and related to them . That makes it all the sadder to see them continue to lurch forward at this stage . I used to attempt to defend -LRB- 10 years ago -RRB- the band when someone would say ' I am so tired of Aerosmith ' , but they are no longer defendable.Give them some slack . Do you expect to be doing in 30 years what you are doing today ? Why should we expect a band to do so . The problem is , they are harder to relate to now.Aerosmith are no longer the ` high school losers ' as they sang in those days . They ARE rich though . S.O.S Too Bad .
 I really love Aerosmith , been a fan since 1977 , saw them at least 60 times live and bought all that came out . So what is wrong with this one ? Well , it is completely saturated with stuff we know . There are so many compilations ... it is `` Too bad '' to see and hear another.I sold mine again cause it does this band no justice . I would love to see them bring out a real Live DVD like Zeppelin did . No breaks , no toys just Rock . Rockin the Joint is great but its been cut to pieces . Where is the whole show ? Please listen to the ones that consume you and give us what we crave for . Get a grip !
 Well , I was fooled by all the glowing reviews below and , eager to get my hands in anything Sabbath-related , finally found this album in a store and bought it.Don ' t be fooled
 I bought this album based on the reviews here . Let me tell you , it 's NOT THAT GOOD
 This cd is quite uniquely made but I dont really like it ... its up to you to judge . . Maybe im just not into this sort of music ; -RRB-
 A poor man 's Nine Inch Nails ? A Stabbing Westward clone ? Those comparisons may be hard to pin down , though it 's fairly certain that Gravity Kills ' direction is toward the small yet lucrative mid-90s fusion of dance pop and industrial metal . The group 's debut was spearheaded by an appearance of their single `` Guilty '' on the Seven Soundtrack in 1995 . The dark , pulsating sack of nails and grit fit well in the overwhelming sickness and rain splattered malebolge of David Fincher 's psychological thriller . Though a fun listen for ravers and headbangers alike , Gravity Kills ' self titled album is more drab than daring . Weak choruses , stale lyrics about rejection or whatever , and directionless production confines this one to random play.Bite a glowstick and take some X , for unlike Trent Reznor 's use of synth to punctuate his reflective lyrics of self-darkness , front man Jeff Scheel 's bin-scraped musings take a backseat to the throbbing bass and mixed beats . The heartbeat of the album which abates with only slight palpitations , the dance mixes underpinning the performances align Gravity Kills more with techno than with Reznor 's industrial enterprise . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , but the mold makes it extremely difficult for the band to fit in any particular niche . They 're not nihilistic enough to be metal , they 're too dark for pure dance pop , and they 're not expressive enough to attract a mass-following of depressed teens . Creating a combination of all these elements is also not necessarily a bad thing , but in the case of this album , Gravity Kills shows that they 're mediocre at all of them.Scheel 's acid-washed voice growls , but does n't spit . He repeats `` you '' throughout the entire album , an apparent reference to one or every girl who ever left him . His best moments are when he matches his disgusted gravel to the low-end synth instead of shouting with the sledgehammer power chords . The opening of `` Here '' is his shining moment , where he grumbles his discontent in isolation and gives his greatest hint at sincerity . Throughout the album sadly , his monotone voice is as undynamic as the recycled metal riffs peppering the production . Stabbing Westward was essentially a grunge band with keyboards , but Chris Hall 's seductive voice and pained cries lent some credence to his wailings about women and depression . Shouting does n't equal pain.Each song is as unmemorable as its predecessor , if not more . The single-word song titles certainly do n't help , and give the impression that the entire album was created by a machine , not men . Crescendos fall off too quickly to provide any sense of tension or grip , and the echo effects are just plain silly . `` Inside '' is a shameless Nine Inch Nails rip off , with Scheel 's halting vocals mimicking Reznor 's amidst creepy jack-in-the-box electronic percussion all too familiar to Nails fans . The album loses steam before it gains any and the electronic glaze thrown over every track gives it a diseased feel . In industrial , disease is powerful , but not when `` I thought I could fly , but that has been done before , I 'm feeling hopeless , hopeless inside '' is the bile.The highlights of the album are actually its bookends . `` Forward '' and `` Hold '' bleed into each other through a simple muted progression . A female voice moans or groans , a testament to crushing desire and pained pleasure . On a variety of Tool 's `` Stinkfist '' on a date rape drug , Scheel finally comes through as a figure wasted away through his own weaknesses in a one-sided dialogue with his longtime adversary . The bopping bass dissipates and all that 's left is a minimalist feature which is more powerful than all the other tracks combined . Too late in the game , the audience has already yawned or mindlessly danced itself out .
 I 'm finding it hard to believe that this received a 4.5 cumulative review . Now I generally love this kind of music ; I am a huge NIN , Skinny Puppy , and somewhat of a KMFDM and Stabbing Westward fan . This is just so lifeless , and by-the-numbers though and you really can tell listening to it . Take the lyrics for `` Guilty '' for instance -LRB- one of the higher points of the album -RRB- . `` 1 and 1 and 1 make three . 1 and 1 why ca n't you see . Im killing you , you 're killing me '' Do n't kill me if those are n't the exact lyrics but whatever , just generic uninteresting stuff . There 's a reason you can buy this used for what was it ... $ 1.94 ? OH and you can get there follow up -LRB- i think it was the follow up -RRB- `` Perversion '' for one cent !! Yes that 's right one f**king cent . There 's a little guilty pleasure to be found on here with -LRB- i did n't mean to do that -RRB- `` Guilty '' and `` Enough '' almost shows some promise . Everything else is predictable garbage with the same disco beat to all of it . I do n't like being harsh on CDs I own , since I did buy the thing after all , and I did try to give it a fair chance . Some deserve it though . I 'll sell you my copy for a quarter if you want it .
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not some N'Sync groupie berating `` heavy '' music . I love industrial music , but Gravity Kills just falls flat . The songs are bland and uninspired , like a second rate Stabbing Westward or budget-bin Filter . The songs take no risks and are quite forgetable.Their song `` Guilty '' was on the movie Seven , I believe , and while pretty good by itself , can not carry the whole album , especially when the rest of it sounds exactly the same . Yay , they have distortion pedals ! The titles could use some work , too ... they 're all ... . blah.I give the CD 2 stars on the strength of `` Guilty , '' but that 's being generous . You 're better off buying Stabbing Westward or NIN , two bands they attempt to immitate but which are much more creative within the genre .
 We already have Nirvana . Birdbrain sounds like Nirvana , except the music is n't as good , the vocals are n't as good , and the lyrics are n't as good . Birdbrain pretty much sounds like polished grudge . That in itself is an oxymoron . I found nothing new and/or exciting about this CD .
 Having listened to bit of this CD here and there before owning it , the music sounded perfect . Soft , whispering vocals , Mike picking his acoustic guitar . Sadly , however , the album is a disappointment . There are some very nice , beautiful moments ; however the songs do n't hold up after repeated listens . While I love this style of music , Owen can be boring . The music is very repetitive , lacking changes , both tonally and rhythmically . Nick Drake 's `` Pink Moon '' or Mark Kozelek 's `` What 's Next to the Moon '' are more powerful examples of Owen-esque music . Owen feels like another example of -LRB- members of -RRB- a rock band experimenting with a quieter side -LRB- Promise Ring = Vermont , Get Up Kids = New Amsterdams -RRB- that , though there are good intentions , just does n't work as well as it could .
 I ca n't belive so many people gave this five stars . W.T.F. ? This is the worst CD I 've ever bought . And this is coming from someone who loves heavy music -LRB- Korn , Sepultura , Tool , Fear Factory -RRB- . This is pure FLUFF !!
 another corn sound alike band thats all we need . they talent and they aint heavy metal listen to bands like jungle rot or exhumed
 If you like songs that have the same structure , riffs , and subject matter , this album 's for you ! Not since AC/DC has a group been able to churn out the same song 12 times on an album , and the same album over and over . Many of the bands influenced by Sevendust are great , and they have a few gems here and there , but ultimately , it 's like Mexican food and Linkin Park . Same three ingredients , 20 or so ways of arranging them , slap a different name on it and WA-LA ! I 'm sure Clear Channel loves these guys .
 This is a terrible CD . Childish lyrics sung by an awful voice combined with barely mediocre instrumentals make this album a waste of time and money . Though it can be good for a luagh every so often . I recomend you buy more sophisticated music like NIN , Ministry , or KMFDM.P.S . Industrial fans be warned
 Say what you will , this is not anything when compaired to the real masters of Metal ... Sabbath ! You can try and try but the truth of the matter is that its all been done by the best there ever be , I give it a star for effort.Not because it was all that great . Heads up to Slayer , Metalica and Sabbath ... The best there ever be.If you want a real good Metal band try Iron maiden , you wont be let down or early JP.such as Stainded glass or Brit/steal .
 I dont know about this one . It sounds like Corrosion of Conformity and/or Flotsam and Jetsam . Musically it will survive * barely * on the radio . but It has that dullness to it .
 Okay , guys , I 'm a metal fan , but this CD really sucks . All the songs sound the same , and they really are n't that talented . Better save your money for something better . This was a waste of my time .
 I am not at all pleased with this album their are only 2 songs on this album worth listening to , well , really just one all the guitars are so choppy as I would call it no solid beats at all . AT ALL COSTS AVOID THIS ONE !
 Ummmm ... this is the type of music my brother would listen to . I was browseing in the industrial section , really , this is a pitiful excuse for that . This is like the orphaned child of metal , alternative and industrial , a drifter in an uncomfortable state of inbetween ... not very good . His voice would be better suited to something more along the lines of alice in chains ... i suppose ... well ? i do n't think it should be this high on the list ... i guess it is all supply and demand ... talent being an outdated and irrelevant factor .
 Buck-O-Nine is a pretty average ska band . They play a couple catchy songs , but unfortunatly they are n't very talented musicians , and this makes for songs that lack variety . Another problem is the vocalist , who sounds like a frog . Not a big bull frog , or a little one for that matter , but , you know , just one of those average green frogs you see in ponds . If you just heard their single on the radio , I ca n't blame you for thinking that these guys are the greatest . But believe me , If you take the time to delve a little deeper into the ska and punk scenes , you 'll find that most real ska makes this band look pathetic .
 Do n't buy this CD , its not very good . However , the `` Pass The Dutchie '' EP is great . It contains a great cover of `` Pass The Dutchie '' -LRB- different and better than the one on Barfly -RRB- and 5 unreleased tracks , including a great remix of `` 28 Teeth '' . Pass this one up and go for `` Pass The Dutchie '' .
 i love the music that is being played but i cant stand the singers voice , its annoying , go listen to some ska with good singers in it
 Well , just recently i bought a few cds from amazon and 28 teeth was one of them . At first i was really hyped up about this cd because of the good things i heard about it but once i popped it into the cd player i was dissapointed . I could n't even listen to the whole cd the first time i tried because it lost me after the first 5 songs . I expected better ska than this , the horn section is not that impressive and the vocals are just terrible . I must admit that on a select few songs the horn section is OK at best but nothing compared to Mustard Plug or the Mad Caddies . What i would do with the $ $ $ your about to spend on this cd would be to buy a Mad Caddies cd ... . now that is a good band ! ...
 ... but the rest is barely mediocre . In fact , most of the songs sound the same . Not a purchase I was pleased with , and as soon as I get around to putting the two or three decent songs on a mix , this one 's probably getting sold to the used CD shop up the street . If you want , you can pick it up there for $ 8 , and start the vicious cycle all over again .
 Good Lord this album is grungy and feedback infested ! If that 's your bag you should love it . Me , I ca n't even listen to it the whole way through . Nothing like Sabbath or Ozzy except for it 's LOUD ...
 I 'd love it if they 'd make a full vocal score of Chicago , because these tracks -LRB- not only on this but the Broadway version too -RRB- are not so great.Much of the trumpets and brass sounds like MIDI files , although the orchestrations of I Cant Do It Alone sound very close to the ones on the cast album.To Kander-Ebb , the music publishing people , ANYONE who has anything to do with Chicago
 I love this CD except for the fact that the last 4 tracks do n't work . The words are all jumbled up on the graphics and the audio skips and stops . Completely un-useable !!!
 David Fincher 's Seven was undoubtadly one of the most unnerving mainstream films of recent memory , and after hearing the great , moody music from the film , I tracked down the soundtrack and was very disappointed . First off , Howard Shore 's orchestral scores are more than worth hearing and capture the depressed feel of the film , but the remix of `` Closer '' by Nine Inch Nails -LRB- which played during the opening credits -RRB- and David Bowie 's `` The Heart 's Filthy Lesson '' -LRB- which played during the closing credits -RRB- are not present here , which is very disheartening . Gravity Kills ' one time hit `` Guilty '' is here , but other than that there is n't anything else worth hearing . If your a fan of the film and love the two songs I listed above , this is what to do . For the remix of `` Closer '' is available on the `` Closer to God '' CD single , and Bowie 's song can be found on his `` Outside '' album . If your looking to buy this soundtrack for one or both those songs , beware , they are not here .
 Nine Inch Nails
 I was planning to buy this soundtrack , but when I found that the openning titles were n't on it , I changed my mind.Take a hint record producers and re-release the CD with the missing songs
 This is a really strange soundtrack because it does n't succeed in conveying the mood of the film at all . Quite a few of the tracks are upbeat , jazzy numbers and I have no idea where these were used in the movie . The fact that the NIN closer remix is n't here is annoying as it really does set the tone in the opening credits but I do n't really care since I have that mix on the single anyway . The reason I bought this CD was for the Bach Air piece , which totally blew me away in the film and stuck in my head for ages . Basically I wanted to have that on CD without getting a whole Bach CD since I 'm not into that kind of music generally ... so I 'm happy , even if this soundtrack as a whole is pretty slight . The score pieces are worthwhile and appropriately dark and I was pleasantly surprised by the Thelonius Monk contribution , since I 've rarely listened to any jazz ... All in all , there is some good stuff on here but it does n't remind you of the movie at all , except for the Bach piece , which is one of the most beautiful pieces of music I 've ever heard .
 While some of the songs on the ` soundtrack ' are ok , they do not capture the dark and violent feeling of the whole movie . Closer -LRB- Precursor -RRB- sets the mood , and things do n't let up until Bowie 's Filthy Lesson . Listening to this soundtrack , you would never know you were listening to one of the more disturbing movies of the 90 's . This ` soundtrack ' does not do the movie justice .
 If songs are missing from the CD , therefore , it is NOT the original motion picture soundtrack , therefore the public is being misled.Three very cool songs are missing
 I agree with all those above who were disappointed and chose not to purchase it . What 's the deal ? I was mortified that not even Bowie 's great tune at the end credits is n't even there.Don ' t get me wrong , I love Billie Holiday and the rest of those old timers , some living and some no longer with us , but this is just -LSB- bad -RSB- . Forgive my blatantness but where could all of us maybe find the songs we want to hear from the movie ??
 What idiot put together this soundtrack ? It does n't have the key songs . The mood setting songs . The good songs . How can you leave Closer or Heart 's Filthy Less off this soundtrack ? This sounds more like one from a sappy ass chick flick rather than a psychological thriller . Instead of NIN or David Bowie the put in Billie Holiday and Marvin Gaye . That just screams serial killer . Not saying anything bad about them , but they would n't be my first choice to put on the soundtrack this should have been . It 's really pathetic .
 After watching this movie again I realized how dark and compelling the score is ; I took a look at the Cd and there are a bunch of songs that do n't even really relate to the movie and they cover most of the soundtrack . The score , which is the best part of the film , is barely even introduced on this CD . I hope the complete score is released someday cause that is what should be here ...
 Yeah it 's a great soundtrack , so why are half the tracks from the film missing . Nine Inch Nails -LRB- Opening Titles -RRB- and the end track -LRB- Closing Titles -RRB- are both missing from what would otherwise be a great Soundtrack .
 Music is good but when i listen to this songs do n't remind me the movie . Only the Bach Suite.This tracks could be used for a romantic comedy , a 007 movie or other . There 's not a relation movie-music . I think the movie is so dark in comparison with this sweet melodies .
 Well , I was fooled by all the glowing reviews below and , eager to get my hands in anything Sabbath-related , finally found this album in a store and bought it.Don ' t be fooled
 What a let down . Only a couple of the songs are good and the rest is filler . I expected much better than this from the greatest rock band on earth . Where the hell is Kage on this album ??? D , you really f 'd up on this one . I was going to go see the movie but after this rip-off I 'll pass.I 've been jamming the D since the HBO days . I 'm going to have to go back to what the crusty record store owner told the D. `` Let the dream die . '' . Because if this is what passes for the rock then `` rock and roll is bogus '' .
 I love Jack Black but the language is terrible on this CD . It was distracting from the music .
 There are basically 3 good songs on this cd , and one of them -LRB- History -RRB- D has been playing live for years . Classico is funny but really short , and the whole Devil loves Metal track is pretty good . Other than that the whole cd is like snippets of sound that are n't even songs . They literally sound like parts of songs that were cut out becuase they were pointless . Its ridiculous and I ca n't believe how much worse this is than their first cd . I feel ripped offDo yourself a favor and go to their myspace page and listen to Classico and History for free . Once you 've done that you 've basically heard all that 's worth hearing here , because they phoned the whole thing in
 I only give this CD 1 star because its supposed to be clean . There is gratuitous use of the F word on Kikapoo , the very first song .
 After listening to Tribute , Wonderboy , and Pick of Destiny I was VERY disappointed in the lyrics in the songs on this CD . Although , I do take responsability and should have previewed the CD instead of assuming -LRB- and yes I know what they say about this word -RRB- the songs would be as awesome as the three above . I am in the process of returning the CD to Amazon.I enjoy Jack Black 's movies and songs , but now find it hard to stomach anything that he is involved in . Sorry Jack .
 I bought this record along with the other Tenacious D album on the same day , but this one I never recieved ... so I really ca n't comment until I got it again ... Til then , bad review !
 Tenacious D 's first album was a masterpiece . It was hilarious and the music was great . I think all of Jack Black 's talent was sucked out of him in that horrible movie , School of Rock . He 's simply not funny anymore . More than half of the songs on this album are just trash ... Jack Black saying `` bibbily-bee '' 100 times is funny every once in a while ... but it 's half of this album . Cursing every other word is n't really my definition of funny either . Their first album had ridiculous over-the-top lyrics . They swore , but it it added to the goofiness ... This album just sounds like they 're swearing to swear . I 'm not nine years old . The only really good songs are History -LRB- which is older than their first album -RRB- and the POD -LRB- which has to be radio friendly -RRB- . The Gov ' t Totally Sucks is almost a good song as well , but it falls short.Without going into it very much ... The music is n't very good on this album either . Any song from their first album can show up when I hit random and fits well into my normal rock catalog , but I imagine I 'd skip half of these songs if they show up because they 're mostly boring . They 're not bad by any means , but just not very interesting.Let 's not forget Kyle ... He 's hardly on this album.I do n't know if making this album as a soundtrack limited them in what they could do ... I hope so . Otherwise , they 've just lost whatever they had .
 Some of the music are okay , -LRB- e.g. to where you are -RRB- but a lot of them were made in a low-fi fashion . Either the recording equipment was not able to sample a broadband signal , or the music themselves were made from a keyboard like instrument . A lot of the vital part of the original music were made losing its color when being interpreted this way . Moreover , never sing with this karaoke cd if you had never listen to it , even you have learnt the song in its original format by heart . In many subtle ways , the cd kind of `` improvised '' some melody part , but mostly in an awkward way . Some transitions that it added were just horrible , messing up the beat and emotional buildup.All in all , this is a stupid karaoke cd .
 If you do n't mind listening to noise , then buy this cd . Otherwise , check out another title with quality music .
 Jos&eacute; Serebrier is a well-respected conductor and one of the more starry names in the Naxos catalogue . It is thus perhaps for contractual reasons that Naxos has proceeded to record some of his output as a composer , for these generally dreary , brooding works have little to recommend to them apart from keeping a good conductor in the company 's rooster . The early Elegy , written when the composer was fourteen , sets the tone - it is surprisingly skillful for a fourteen year old , but does n't stand if evaluated on purely musical terms . The Momento psicol&oacute;gico is representative of the mature composer , with its restrained , elegiac drama and utter lack of anything even remotely memorable , virtually indistinguishable from the equally dull Fantasia . The Passacaglia and Perpetuum Mobile is , unusually enough , scored for accordion and chamber orchestra , and pretty much realizes all worries one might have in advance concerning what a mediocre , conventionally oriented contemporary composer could do with such a setting.The third symphony was , according to the composer , completed in a weak - which would have been an admirable feat if it had n't sounded like it was . It consists of an energetic first movement , undistinguished but finely orchestrated , followed by three brooding , meandering slow ones -LRB- leading one to suspect that the composer 's general idea was that it takes shorter time to fill out pages with arbitrary dots if it is supposed to be played slowly than if it were to be played fastly -RRB- , employing , predictably enough , a chorus in the final one.There are a couple of other works , but I do n't think there is much point in going on . The performances are of course authorative , the technical adeptness of the players never in doubt - they make what they can of it - and the sound quality is fine . But this is a lost cause , and if Serebrier is to go on composing music , can no one at least tell him that starting a work slowly in the low strings is generally a bad idea , at least if you do it more or less all the time .
 I had the opportunity to play Archibald Grosvenor for the Stanford Savoyards and was looking for a soundtrack mostly for nostaliga . I was deeply disappointed with this one , however . You can keep your historical value ; this sounds like it was recorded on Edison 's wax cylinder . Skip it and find another .
 Okay , guys , I 'm a metal fan , but this CD really sucks . All the songs sound the same , and they really are n't that talented . Better save your money for something better . This was a waste of my time .
 I am not at all pleased with this album their are only 2 songs on this album worth listening to , well , really just one all the guitars are so choppy as I would call it no solid beats at all . AT ALL COSTS AVOID THIS ONE !
 Ummmm ... this is the type of music my brother would listen to . I was browseing in the industrial section , really , this is a pitiful excuse for that . This is like the orphaned child of metal , alternative and industrial , a drifter in an uncomfortable state of inbetween ... not very good . His voice would be better suited to something more along the lines of alice in chains ... i suppose ... well ? i do n't think it should be this high on the list ... i guess it is all supply and demand ... talent being an outdated and irrelevant factor .
 I dont know about this one . It sounds like Corrosion of Conformity and/or Flotsam and Jetsam . Musically it will survive * barely * on the radio . but It has that dullness to it .
 I ca n't belive so many people gave this five stars . W.T.F. ? This is the worst CD I 've ever bought . And this is coming from someone who loves heavy music -LRB- Korn , Sepultura , Tool , Fear Factory -RRB- . This is pure FLUFF !!
 another corn sound alike band thats all we need . they talent and they aint heavy metal listen to bands like jungle rot or exhumed
 If you like songs that have the same structure , riffs , and subject matter , this album 's for you ! Not since AC/DC has a group been able to churn out the same song 12 times on an album , and the same album over and over . Many of the bands influenced by Sevendust are great , and they have a few gems here and there , but ultimately , it 's like Mexican food and Linkin Park . Same three ingredients , 20 or so ways of arranging them , slap a different name on it and WA-LA ! I 'm sure Clear Channel loves these guys .
 This is a terrible CD . Childish lyrics sung by an awful voice combined with barely mediocre instrumentals make this album a waste of time and money . Though it can be good for a luagh every so often . I recomend you buy more sophisticated music like NIN , Ministry , or KMFDM.P.S . Industrial fans be warned
 Say what you will , this is not anything when compaired to the real masters of Metal ... Sabbath ! You can try and try but the truth of the matter is that its all been done by the best there ever be , I give it a star for effort.Not because it was all that great . Heads up to Slayer , Metalica and Sabbath ... The best there ever be.If you want a real good Metal band try Iron maiden , you wont be let down or early JP.such as Stainded glass or Brit/steal .
 Good Lord this album is grungy and feedback infested ! If that 's your bag you should love it . Me , I ca n't even listen to it the whole way through . Nothing like Sabbath or Ozzy except for it 's LOUD ...
 Hmmmmm ... what can I say ... other than no thanks . END .
 I bought this CD to hear the chorus and the soloists . All you can hear is the orchestra . I had it up REALLY LOUD and I could barely hear the singers at all . I threw it away .
 I would just like to say that the first disc is not even worth wasting your time with . I am one of the biggest JEW fans you will ever find and this is the worst cd by far that they have ever come out with . The best song on the first disc is when they are not singing . If you enjoy JEW and their soft and melodic ways then this is not your cd . While listining I was wondering if this was even the same band that produced the two greatest cd 's I 've ever heard -LRB- Clarity & Bleed American -RRB- . The cd pretty much consist of someone who you ca n't understand screaming and bad guitars . I am writing this to warn people that the first disc is awful and do n't even waste your time . Now the second disc is slightly different . The first two songs are spectacular and that is the only reason they got 2 stars . The third song is just a badly-done version of one of my all-time favorite songs `` Cautioners . '' If you really want to hear this disc just search `` Jebediah '' on amazon and look for JEW and Jebediah and you can buy this disc seperate from the other one . Jebediah is an awful band and does n't even deserve to be mentioned in the same breath as JEW . So all you die hard JEW fans like me . Stay as far away from this cd as possible and put on Clarity because you may never hear anything that good from Jimmy Eat World ever again .
 Strobe ! Sweat ! Action ! Bodies ! This must be the definitive anthem for the night
 I paid almost full price for this CD and it had only 2 songs ... DO N'T BE FOOLED . SPEND YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE .
 I am sorry to hear that alot of people are not aware of the `` Jason Nevin 's Remix EXCELLENT '' close to 8 min long , it is out there U just need to look and search , Nevins is responsible for some of the great songs around from Ultra Nate `` Free 2005 '' a bit fast though , as well as The siren Diva Anastacia 's remix of `` Left Outside Alone '' EXCELLENT , also `` Sick and Tired '' very funky beat , a bit dreary at times tho . Nevins tends to take on the songs that one would never think could be a great remix , Kelly and Anastacia remixes are so HOT , very club/dance floor friendly , with a slight rock edge , not to stray from the original.Jason prof DJ
 What a bunch of irratating noise this song is . The loud guitars and angry yelling would n't sound out of place on the latest Avril Lavigne CD . But that 's how it goes in 2006 . Musical talent has become extremely rare in this day and age . Nobody does anything that requires any musical talent what so ever . In order to have a hit , you have to `` rock out '' and `` kick @ss '' just like Avril Lavigne . Crank the volume up to 10 , scream the lyrics , smash your guitar , and ROCK OUT !!! Music that sounds like music is `` cheesy '' and `` manufactured '' . In order to be a hit , it must ROCK OUT ! So keep screaming Kelly . Make the worst noise you possibly can , because that 's what sells these days . ROCK ON !!!
 Some small pearls but over all pieces are too short and over westernized .
 India is becoming more and more `` plastic '' , more `` McDonalish '' through this kind of Westernized products . I deplore the usage of a Roland or Korg synth in this recording ... No wonder some moron from NC likes it . A real insult to all of us who read about India and its almost endless Universe of thought .
 This album sounds like teh muppets from space . Great fun , but not to be taken seriously . One starts to wonder why she got involved in ABBA . When they have a brilliant singer in the band why add a bad backing vocalist like Frida ?
 Musiq 's first album , Aijuswanaseing , was critically acclaimed and commercially accepted . But then his follow-up Juslisen gave way to mixed reviews , although it was n't without its highlights -LRB- the leadoff single `` Halfcrazy '' was nominated for a Grammy -RRB- . Now he comes back with his third album Soulstar . The SOUL part is true , but the STAR part I 'm not so sure about.The main problem with this album is the production -LRB- which was also the main problem with Juslisen -RRB- . As soon as the first real song , `` Youloveme '' , came on , I was like , `` Oh no ! Not the ` Just Friends -LRB- Sunny -RRB- ' beat again ! '' Yep , that beat is overused once again on this album . You 'll hear it in at least five tracks . Musiq 's producers really need to step their game up.If you can look past that , you can still enjoy standouts like `` Forthenight '' and especially `` Whoknows '' . There 's also `` Babymother '' , which is a very interesting story . And `` Momentinlife '' -LRB- with Kindred the Family Soul and Cee-Lo -RRB- is okay , but I think it would have sounded better on Kindred 's album.Sadly , there are also a lot of disappointing songs on here . Such songs include the cheesy `` Womanopoly '' -LRB- containing a lot of Monopoly metaphors -RRB- and the failed party starter , `` Dontstop '' , which Bilal ca n't even save -LRB- did n't Musiq learn from `` Future '' ? -RRB- . And then there are also the filler tracks like `` Thereason '' , `` Infatueighties '' -LRB- with lyrics like `` She my Missy and I 'm her Timbaland '' -RRB- , `` Whereareyougoing '' , the pointless `` Leaveamessage '' , and the obligatory end-of-album we-are-the-world song `` Givemorelove '' . And his remake of The Rolling Stones classic `` Miss You '' neither helps nor hurts the album.Needless to say , I did n't really care for this album . Musiq 's first album is the best one he did , so your best bet is to stick with that -LRB- or maybe you should pick up Javier 's album instead -RRB- . This album definitely is n't going to make Musiq the Soulstar he 's striving to be.Anthony Rupert
 This by far was the worst of the three albums from Musiq . It definetly does not live up to the traditional Musiq style that I am used to . The lyrics are ok , but the beats are not as tight as the first album which was by far the best . Or even the second album which was not as good as the first but it was ok . It seems like with each album Musiq 's rhythms start to wander off . Musiq is known for his beats , rhythms , sounds and mezmorizing words in his songs . Did he get new producers or something ? If so he needs to go back to the original ones because this album is the worst by far . Musiq I know you can do much better !
 COME ON !!! I am a Musiq fan to the core . But we need more than just unclever words and same story scenarios . The only song worth listening to was the first one after the intro . I forced myself to listen to the rest . Womanopoly ? Baby Mama Drama ? What about love longs and decent ones at that . The second CD was a keeper . Musiq should practice his craft or lose a fan . Also ... stop remaking original songs if you DO NOT have the voice for it .
 I was pretty disappointed with this CD , and do n't think I 'll be buying another Musiq CD because he seems to be going downhill . He 's basically regurgitating the first two projects with not very much success . I really like Musiq 's whole vibe , hopefully it 's not too late for the brother to pick it back up again .
 1 -RRB- The intro , `` soulstar . `` 2 -RRB- `` youloveme , '' which should have been the first single , not `` forthenight . `` 3 -RRB- Somewhere between `` momentinlife '' and `` thereason . `` Otherwise , a less than stellar album .
 Musiq - Soulstar -LRB- Def Soul , 2003 -RRB- Okay , this is what 's known as `` phoning it in '' . Musiq dropped a hot first album -LRB- Aijuswanasing -RRB- , an okay second album -LRB- juslisen -RRB- and now this album which just sounds like it was something to fulfill a contract with . His `` speak-singing '' vocals are still intact and probably wo n't go away any time soon , which makes some songs drag like `` Babymother '' and `` Whereareyougoing '' -LRB- whyishestillputtingwordstogetherlikethis ? -RRB- . Another problem is that although he brings well-known guest stars in the mix , they upstage him like Kindred and Cee-lo on `` Momentinlife '' and Bilal on the otherwise mediocre `` Dontstop '' . Finally , where on his first album , lyrics were dope and original , the lyrics here are amateurish -LRB- the chorus to `` Youloveme '' , goes `` You love me/don ' t you , girl ? '' -RRB- . This is the main reason why neo-soul gets a bad rap as it is . For someone to boldly name himself `` Musiq '' , you would think that he 'd be dropping some scintillating , groundbreaking music . Not here . - EJR
 I got a song : why did i buy it?the second was wack tooi 'm such a foolfor those shades hiding cross-eyed dudesi hated the singleit was 9.99 how bad could it benow i 'm selling it for free
 I am a fan of Musiq - do n't get me wrong . I really liked his first two albums , so I was thoroughly outraged when I bought/heard `` Soulstar '' . Nowhere on the same level ! It lacks so much of the `` soul '' that ironically labels it . Honestly , pick up `` Dwele - Subject '' or `` Kem - Kemistry '' instead . This album is not hot , do n't believe the hype ! And whoever said that Musiq in on the same level as Maxwell , must be deaf ! At any rate , the best song on the entire album is `` forthenight '' -LRB- for the night -RRB- , which they play so frequently on the radio . If you 're curious , let one of your friends lend it to you -LRB- if they have it -RRB- , or ask them to burn it for you ... I would n't recommend blowing your hard-earned moolah on this soul-less atrocity . ; o -LRB-
 This CD STINKS WORSE THAN TRASH JUICE ... his 1st 2 albums get 2 THUMBSUP , but this is HORRIBLE ... which is why it 's best 2 sample music , before you purchase it , but some people are riding his NUT SACK SO BAD , they 'll even ACCEPT WACK MATERIAL LIKE THIS and JUSTIFY IT ... MISERY LOVES COMPANY , so they 'll POISON YOU w/IT , because they were BURNED FINANCIALLY , when they HEARD HOW BAD THE MUSIC & SINGING was upon listening to it ... that 's what happens , when you drop 2 successful CDS ... you feel your audience will succumb 2 anything you throw their way , like -LRB- Soulstar , or in my view , Soul_TRASH -RRB- ... seeing you people love WACK MUSIC SO MUCH , I wanted 2 inform you about an upcoming CD I 'm about 2 drop on my KARAKOE ... it 's titled , `` WICKEDY , WACK MUSIC and THE IDIOTS WHO SPEND THEIR HARD EARNED MONEY ON IT '' ... W/you guys -LRB- who rated Musiq current project 3 ~ 5 STARS -RRB- as an audience , I should be RICH in NO TIME ... 4get CREDIT CARDS , CHECKS , or MONEY ORDERS , w/dyslexics like yourselves , I 'm sure you 'll send me CASH instead ... My CD will hit the STORE SHELVES in 5 years ... but I know you 'll send your CASH in ADVANCE ... delivery usually takes up to 10 ~ 17 months ... thanks 4 the SUPPORT and God Bless you `` SUCKERS '' ... : -RRB-
 I asked my sister to buy me this CD as a birthday present , she must have got it mixed up with Halloween . You see I thought I was getting a treat and I got a big old trick.Neo-soul fans are so loyal but we have to call him on this mediocre album . The first album was hot , the second one does n't need a track skipped but this one is just monotonous . If this was his first album I would never have bought the second one.Carvin Haggins has recycled melodies to the extent that I keep thinking I 've heard it before , and Musiq 's tone is beginning to grate on me . What made Neo-soul so great in the beginning is that you could listen to an album and tell that the artists had laboured for months , putting their heart and souls into their products . Musiq just sounds apathetic . And if he does n't care then neither do I.We ca n't just allow artists to release boring music and call it Neo-soul . Real Neo-soul is innovative , passionate and makes a statement.He needs to come VERY correct on the fourth album or it will be curtains for him !
 By his second release , the bulk of his novelty had worn off . His live performances leave MUCH to be desired and thus far there are only flashes of musicianship on his studio projects . This third outing is no exception . He is still slinging words together , much like the majority of the arrangements . This has gotten old and quite tiresome already . This third outing , -LRB- Soulstar indeed !!!! -RRB- again , displays little effort , passion , or creativity . In an attempt to appear adventurous musically , the chord changes , again , highly suggests a `` let 's try this and see what happens '' attitude - I 'm sorry but when considering the costs of CDs these days , this is ample reason to be able to allow listeners to download exactly what they need/want . Consumers derserve better than this - the lyrics are mundane , the arragements haphazard - I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOO glad I did not buy this first ! I would NOT have been well at all ! Do yourself a favor - there are exactly 2 standout cuts on this CD - track 4 -LRB- forthenight ... geez -RRB- and something about Give Them Love -LRB- the last one -RRB- The rest of the cuts are most unforgettable .
 Every time Musiq comes to LA , I go to his concerts . The first one , I took 3 non-Musiq fans , and his performance made them instant fans . The second , he was an hour and a half late to the stage , so we were very annoyed . The third , he did n't take the stage until an hour after Vivian Greene was done , despite the fact that they had very similar set-ups . Yeah , his performance was good , but making fans wait so long is ridiculous , and shows that Musiq has gotten too far into his own hype -LRB- and is there really that much in the first place ? -RRB- . While Aijuswannaseing and Juslisen were good Cd 's -LRB- that are still in my player -RRB- I was tempted to throw Soulstar away . If you 're going to claim that you 're a star , you better at least bring some good material . The title track was a major turn off for me , as is his entire attitude that he 's the best . Musiq was better when he was still Soulchild . If you want good music try Dwele , Anthony Hamilton or Kindred . Soulstar is n't worth the money or the time downloading .
 I got the feeling when I was listening to this album that he was n't there musically or lyrically . The majority of this album is just pass&eacute; and I could take it or leave it . Forthenight is the only song on here that gets major play in my cd player , and he could n't even give you five minutes to really get into it . The other songs sound as if he was going off into left field . Now only if he could JustgivemeawholealbumIcouldlistentoo !
 and that is a reach.this Album has Easily His Best Music to date on it but the Cat ca n't Sing to Me & nothing every seems to change.now He is One Lucky Cat with all the Tribute Shows & Projects He gets to be down with.but as far as Being an Elite Artist?Don ' t Believe the Hype.thsi Album He is trying to tap into R.Kelly , D'angelo & Maxwell 's World & Come up way short .
 What 's good with this album . His first album was a classic and the second was good . This is just whack . His voice is not up to par like Glenn Lewis , Bilal , Maxwell and D'Angleo . Come on , are some of you people deaf ? He ca n't carry a note .
 Some small pearls but over all pieces are too short and over westernized .
 Competent piano playing , but I had hoped this kind of prissy , superficial playing went out with Rosalyn Tureck and her ilk . Bach should n't sound `` pretty '' ! Listen to how she drains all the drama from the gigue of the E-minor suite , then listen to Murray Perahia play it with amazing rhythmic sublety and drama , letting all the voices speak .
 I do n't really see why there is all this great furour over Angela Hewitt 's playing . All the faults of her other Bach recordings are on full display here
 The main reason why I brought this soundtrack was because I only liked 2 songs on their which was `` Youth of America '' and `` School 's Out '' . The rest of the songs are okay but I think the movie 's better than the soundtrack because the movie is scary , that is if you like SCARY movies . Now I am a big fan of scary movies but the only scary movie I do n't like is Hellraiser . I think Hellraiser is retarded and it 's not even scary it 's just like Terminator 2 . Scream is the best out of all horror films including I Know What You Did Last Summer and Halloween . I recommened that if ya 'll had n't listened to this soundtrack yet , should . It is a good soundtrack but some of the songs on there are just dumb . I would just stick with the movie .
 The main reason why I brought this soundtrack was because I only liked 2 songs on their which was `` Youth of America '' and `` School 's Out '' . The rest of the songs are okay but I think the movie 's better than the soundtrack because the movie is scary , that is if you like SCARY movies . Now I am a big fan of scary movies but the only scary movie I do n't like is Hellraiser . I think Hellraiser is retarded and it 's not even scary it 's just like Terminator 2 . Scream is the best out of all horror films including I Know What You Did Last Summer and Halloween . I recommened that if ya 'll had n't listened to this soundtrack yet , should . It is a good soundtrack but some of the songs on there are just dumb . I would just stick with the movie .
 Strobe ! Sweat ! Action ! Bodies ! This must be the definitive anthem for the night
 DJ Jazzy Jeff is talented but there were only a few tracks that impressed me .
 in time , was the best track on this cd .
 im disipointed in this Cd . although some people like ur new fast songs i for one disagree with this change ... u should stick to the original slow songs ... like `` Its over Now '' ... . keep the old 112 spirit alive : -RRB-
 Geez 112 used to be my favourite rnb group . They were the ones who brought me into liking rnb . But since Part III they have been going down . Now they left badboy it 's even worse . What happened ? All the beats in this album is wacked , not much originality , and mostly , they are n't being themselves . I think that they are trying to become too commercial . THis is crap do n't even think of getting it .
 All I can say sums it up in five words , What Happened To Their Talent ?
 I 've been a 112 fan before it was cool to be a fan . I 'm talking all the way back to 1995 with the first song on the Money Train soundtrack . I bought this album and am really really disappointed . The previous albums , `` 112 '' , `` Room 112 '' , and `` Part III '' are far superior to this lackluster effort . This is a-typical R&B album and as a long time fan I simply expected better than this . `` Na , Na , ... '' is bad . Hot & Wet is alright but again , it sounds like everything else that is out there.Try again , fellas .
 Although this CD had no # 1 Hits , it still did fair on the Billboard chart which basically tells how good the singles were . By The way the only # 1 hit -LRB- billboard rnb chart -RRB- 112 ever had was `` It 's Over Now '' . The first single dropped was Na Na Na Na w / Supercat . The single has no chart history on billboard , but was still hot , and did have a video . The next single was Hot & Wet . The radio and video version both featured Ludacris . On the Hot 100 , it reached # 70 , and the RNB Chart it reached 29 . This single was the biggest of the album for them . The last single which was second best was Right Here For You which only got to # 72 on the RNB chart . The rest of the album is fair . The first two singles were more based towards Hip-Hop genre , and the last one was more of an R&B type song . All of the singles were fire though and I think the album is worth the hits .
 I could n't figure out why nobody I knew had 112 's cd considering that shower-song they made about a year ago ... until now . The beats were wack , there was too much whining , the songs took too long to start , and I was n't feeling any of it .
 Hot & Wet is the worst CD I have heard in a while . I heard the singles and knew it would be garbage . Barely any slow jams and the ones that were on it sucked . Jagged Edge 's new album is proable better .
 Why does slim have to be the lead singer in just every song ? He has no range in his voice ... He always sounds the same . And you 'd think because its a group you will get the best of all of their worlds but you never do ... Slim needs to let the other sings because his voice gradually gets annoying as you listen to the album .
 As much as I love 112 , I was very disappointed with this CD . There were only 2 songs I really , really loved
 I 'm so dissapointed
 Ok at the beginning of 112 's career as in many other groups , they went through that stage where their trying to find themselves in the music . 112 found themeselves between Room 112 and Part III . Now it seems they 've gone back to the first one . I find it pretty boring and did n't even give it a second listen . It 's really disappointing and seemed rushed . I love 112 's music and support them 100 % but this is their downfall . I would n't waste time on this one . I give it 2 stars just because of about 3 songs and effort .
 Well , I just heard it once . Normally a couple of their lovesongs blow me away at first listen . Not on this album ! No beautiful ballads this time , pretty average R&B stuff.I was hoping for some melodic ballads but I was wrong!Peace , Guido
 When I first heard the title track off this album , I heard P. Diddy say it was a Bad Boy collabo , and I said , `` What ? '' Apparently Hot & Wet , the fourth album from 112 , is a split release between Bad Boy and Def Soul . But my feelings about this album are n't split at all -- it really is n't that good.If you heard their last album , you should know that the guys did their best singing during the interludes . Sadly , that 's also the case here -LRB- see `` I Belong to U '' -- although Daron should stop trying so hard to hit those high notes -RRB- . There ARE times when the regular songs work , like on `` Right Here For U '' -LRB- although Slim 's adlibs at the end almost ruined the song -RRB- and `` Slip Away '' , even though those are n't the greatest lyrics -LRB- well , the second verse , anyway -RRB- . And Daron and Q do a great job singing on `` Man 's World '' , but you have to admit that the song is pretty lame.There are a lot of filler tracks on this album , too . Songs like `` Give It To Me '' , `` Say Yes '' and `` You Said '' are n't the strongest efforts I 've ever heard . And it does n't help that most of the songs are about the same thing
 This CD was about to make me cry . I was about to buy this CD until i heard it first . I have to agree with `` acutamami '' 100 % , this CD sucks . I have been a serious 112 fan from day one . I do n't know if its because they left BAD Boy or if they 're trying something new , but please stop it with fast songs . SLOW SONGS please !! Go back to your baby making music PLEASE !!! Two stars for the few slows songs that were there .
 this is the wackest 112 cd ever ! please come back 112 ! yall slippin big time ! im mad as hell about this cd ! and i love 112 :-RRB- too death but fast songs arent there thing they neeed too slow it downs ome more
 I was never really a fan of theirs ... they suck ... they had great songs -LRB- ` cupid ' & ` only you ' -RRB- _ then they release this crap ... . The boys are not singing anymore ... they dont have the pleasent voices like I heard almost 8 years ago ... They think they are rappers like R. Kelly -LRB- which is still alright on R. Kelly cuz he is the King of R&B ... ; not USHER ladies -RRB- . This album alone is the worst effort in R & b history ... . it seems that artist who 's been around for sometime and release just about anything and think it sells ... no that is just lazy and trifflin ' ... 112 maybe good lookin and stuff but if you dont like the music please dont buy the album just cause they look good ... buy it for the quality of the whole CD -LRB- not just 3 or 4 cuts -RRB- ... Just dont waste your money on this LP . BETTER YET DONT LOOK TWICE IF YOU SEE IT IN THE RECORD SHOP !!!!
 A quiet soothing CD but not for a Yoga practice . I teach Yoga and am disappointed in it -- I played it once for resting pose . That 's it . I do n't recommend it .
 Absolutely BAD . Just like the In Bruges Carter Burwell Soundtrack . Miserably short takes on the tunes you want to hear more of , followed by cacaphonous space fillers . A WASTE .
 This CD arrived promptly . Before I opened it and found out that the jewel cover was smashed I noticed that the packaging seemed flimsy . It was in a white paper envelope folded over . There was no cardboard covering just the envelope . I would think that someone who ships CD 's would know that this packing is not adequate for the kinds of machines that the postal service uses . The CD is fine but I have no storage for it since the jewel case is shattered . I would not buy from this purveyor again .
 It 's not that the music is n't great-it is one of the most interesting albums of the late 60s . Tommy Roe was immensely talented , and opted to bravely try something new with this and the next album he recorded . He tossed most of the bubblegum-type sound in favor of an experimental , mature , pseudo-psychedelic sound that is very daring for someone who had had such success up to this point by NOT trying to be too `` adult '' . The songs are uniformly good , and the arrangements and performances are top-notch . The problem here is with the shoddy remastering . Once again an apparently reputable re-issue label has tricked us into believing we are buying a state-of-the-art copy of a classic album . Truth is -LRB- to my well-trained ears -RRB- , this is mastered from mono vinyl . Yes , they tried to remove all remnants of the surface noise-there are no scratches-but the sound of the surface rumble is clear when examined closely-especially through headphones . There 's that `` processed '' glare to the high-end . And again-it 's MONO ! Do n't believe me ? Just do an A-B comparison with the best songon this release -LRB- the title track -RRB- and the official MCA version on their CD `` Tommy Roe Greatest Hits '' -LRB- 008811088422 -RRB- . It 's shameful . If this release sounded as good as that MCA release from 14 years ago-I 'd give it 5 stars.Once again-for all you legal teams out there-this is what it sounds like to me-I do not know if this is actually remastered from vinyl . Check it out and judge for yourself . In this day of downloads and computer sound restoration-more and more `` legit '' releases are actually taken from vinyl-and it 's a travesty ; the `` dumbing down '' of audiophile standards . My advice-find a stereo vinyl copy and make your own CD . SHAMEFUL !
 I am a singing teacher , I bought this because I did not have enough time to create midi files myself . I still ca n't use this in my class , because what students hear is what students learn.This product consists of 2 discs.One is with -LRB- other people say and I can guess -RRB- awful guide vocals , another with awful background vocals . I know it does not worthy of cheking the first disc with the guide.The `` singers '' are no professionals , not even in the future , but just BIG VOICES . They never understand music at all , all amateurs forever.I wonder why they do n't leave the backing tracks alone , without those wanna-be vocalists ... I know `` 2 disc set '' is the easiest way to lift the price.Then let me suggest , one with awful background vocals , another without any vocals at all . That will be the best.Their `` guide '' vocals will not guide you anywhere , anyway .
 Many will be dissapointed with this CD , the tunes are similar to the authentic Wrestlers entrance music , but are really not nearly as good . Contains two good tunes ; one is Hulk Hogan 's entrance music and the other being a rendition of Mankind 's original entrance music . Other tracks are poor and added speach does not improve the quality of the CD , however die hard fans will no doubt purchase this CD if for no other reason other than to have it as part of their collection of wrestling memorabilia .
 I would have to rate this dvd 21/2 stars . Setlist/Performance was great ! Sound quality I thought it was pretty good too . -LRB- could of been better -RRB- NewOrder delivers ! Now the bad news : It 's filmed entirely in daylight , except for the last two songs . Some of you may say , `` what 's the big deal ? '' My answer is that filming at night would of added to the excitement to the 10th power . The concert/lights/lasers bouncin ' round to the beats of NewOrder would make you feel like you were actually there , maybe even take you back to the first time you saw them live in person . Maybe , I 'm being too critical ... but considering its f ` in NewOrder , and there first ever live dvd ... and release in God knows how many years , they could of done it much better . The people hired to tape it must of used a beta camcorder . The crowd was cool , having fun , but it just looked lame in daylight . Especially when they show the ` crack ' of the chick that slips in the mud . No taste . The guy filming it probably got a kick out of it though . The parts where they show the band in one box and then the other the crowd looked very cheesy . -LRB- right half of screen -RRB- Bottom line ... if your ' e a NewOrder fan , you 'll like it . You will however be annoyed , but it eventually wears off . Just concentrate on the band , and thinkin about the first time you saw them . If you watch the 17 minute clip , there 's one of NewOrder performing with Billy Corgan . That venue looked cool , the crowd looked cool , the band f ` in looked cool . Looks like it was filmed by someone who know what the hell they were doing.Next time I hope NewOrder hires the people that produced/directed the ` DepecheMode
 I would have to rate this dvd 21/2 stars . Setlist/Performance was great ! Sound quality I thought it was pretty good too . -LRB- could of been better -RRB- NewOrder delivers ! Now the bad news : It 's filmed entirely in daylight , except for the last two songs . Some of you may say , `` what 's the big deal ? '' My answer is that filming at night would of added to the excitement to the 10th power . The concert/lights/lasers bouncin ' round to the beats of NewOrder would make you feel like you were actually there , maybe even take you back to the first time you saw them live in person . Maybe , I 'm being too critical ... but considering its f ` in NewOrder , and there first ever live dvd ... and release in God knows how many years , they could of done it much better . The people hired to tape it must of used a beta camcorder . The crowd was cool , having fun , but it just looked lame in daylight . Especially when they show the ` crack ' of the chick that slips in the mud . No taste . The guy filming it probably got a kick out of it though . The parts where they show the band in one box and then the other the crowd looked very cheesy . -LRB- left half of screen -RRB- Bottom line ... if your ' e a NewOrder fan , you 'll like it . You will however be annoyed , but it eventually wears off . Just concentrate on the band , and thinkin about the first time you saw them . If you watch the 17 minute clip , there 's one of NewOrder performing with Billy Corgan . That venue looked cool , the crowd looked cool , the band f ` in looked cool . Looks like it was filmed by someone who know what the hell they were doing.Next time I hope NewOrder hires the people that produced/directed the ` DepecheMode
 This 1938 `` Adventures of Robin Hood '' soundtrack IS a fantastic , upgraded score , by William Stromberg & Co. ! However , what I received is NOT the original Marco Polo CD !! It 's a `` NAXOS RECORDS '' copy cd ... so just beware , when ordering ... especially with THIS cover on the cd ! Just FYI , any Naxos cd is not going to be as good as the original ! They NEVER include a copy of the original booklet , or liner notes , that come with the original Marco Polo cds !! Look for the `` ORIGINAL '' Marco Polo cd release of this ... if you can find it ! Much more worth it ... . It 's very unfair to the Amazon shopper , when the `` product details '' do n't more accurately , truly describe precisely what the shopper will be receiving ...
 First of all I am not rating the music on this cd . The music is first class.Pure acoustic blues in its raw , powerful light . Here comes trouble . We 're talking about the burnt copy of something we like to call the ORIGINAL cd . And the booklet ... you 'll find it on the cd itself in . pdf format -LRB- in terrible resolution -RRB- . So , I am asking what is the audio cd format ? The Smithsonian Folkways , a serious house as it is , should pay more attention on details like these . There are still some old fashioned listeners that wo n't be pleased with this .
 Where is all the great NiN Inch Nails , remixes that I heard ????? Are some of these songs even ON the Movie ? I guess this is good for some people , but I do n't recognize any of the songs being from the movie.Why did the just throw a bunch of songs in here that have nothing to do with the movie ???
 Some small pearls but over all pieces are too short and over westernized .
 thanks to you , i never have faith in amazon film review . this movie stinks to high hell . i wish there was a no star option . btw this is a review from `` liberal '' people . it just sucks .
 If liberals actually had the guts to try something like this , that would put and end to their lives . Seriously - who 's going to win ? A bunch of `` intellectuals '' or a bunch of `` gun nuts '' . Do the math .6 months later ... I 'm happy to have gotten such a response from my post -LRB- 1 out of 11 agree -RRB- . The poster next to mine summed up things well by pointing out that there would be a huge media outcry if the right-wingers were killing off `` those we disagree with '' in this movie . Instead of -LRB- ha , ha really funny -RRB- liberals doing the killing . The commies in Russia and China have done as much killing as any fascists , so there are your liberal killers for you.Also , 2004 was the best presidential election ever . The Demoncrats run two of the biggest D-bags ever because , according to Hollywood , Bush is such an idiot that anything is better . For example , John Edwards - a guy so slimy he actually made his living as a malpractice attorney !!! Plus , having a so-called `` black leader '' like Al Sharpton speak at the DNC was a `` classy '' touch . LOLI did vote for Obama , by the way , since McPain was old and lame .
 I 'm thinking , `` What if I did n't waste time watching this trash , disguised as entertainment ? '' Would I have done something more productive ? I think , yes . Even if I spent the entire time banging my head against the wall for the whole time , it would have been a far better endeavor than watching this trash.While ultimately this film tries to make you think about tolerating the opinion of the next person , it conducts its ' lesson by creating conservative stereotypes as manifested by left-wingers . So if the roles had been reversed , liberals would be screaming about this film years later . But since the Hollywood community is controlled by left-wingers , you do n't hear a peep out of anyone in that industry about the horrible personalities created by this film.The sad thing is that the characters created in this film are really how Hollywood sees conservatives . Left-wingers actually create these people and truly believe that this is the way conservatives think and act . Of course , conservatives do n't think and act as depicted in this film but left-wingers do n't understand this point . This is the main reason why liberalism is a dying idealogy in the U.S. It 's an idealogy that just does n't get it . It creates enemies that do n't exist and in fighting these imaginary enemies , their real opponents walk away the victor.This might have been a good film if the `` conservatives '' in the film were real . That their opinions were those of real conservatives . But the problem would have been that the liberal characters would have been seen in a far worse light than just murderers ; they would have been seen as irrational lunatics that ca n't see reason . And that 's not what the director was trying to show . The idea was to show liberals as being well-intentioned yet mistaken in their methods.If they had done the film correctly , conservatives would be invited to supper , they would have explained real-world thinking to the liberals , and the liberals would have killed the conservatives simply because they could not grasp what mainstream America already embraces as its ' philosophy . But , again , this would have taken the film in too far of a supportive perspective of conservatives and that 's certainly not acceptable to the producers of this poorly conceived tripe .
 Watch the first twenty minutes while Bill Paxton is in it and then turn it off . This is an awful film . Some of the worst acting I have ever seen . Paxton 's scene is the only thing worth seeing where this film is concerned .
 I love cheap movies on VHS . So I did n't have high hopes for this movie , and I was n't dissapointed . Quick plot summary -- a group of liberals who dine together invite a guest every week -LRB- or something like that -RRB- until they invite truck driver Bill Paxton . Being a right-winger , this guy starts a fight , is killed at the dinner table , and the merry group decides it 's for the best and then comes up with an idea -- why not continue the weekly dinners , invite those of the right-wing and then poison them . It 's a good idea for a movie , and it has some potential philosophical questions , but you wo n't find much worth seeing here . The story is very standard and predictable . They kill `` undesireables '' until some of them start experiencing guilt and suddenly we are thrown into a Dostoyevsky-like senario much like `` Crime and Punishment . `` But unlike Dostoyevsky , there is no moment of truth . Instead the group finds it 's one last victim , this guy who is like Rush Limbaugh , and decides to provide a great service to humanity by killing this hate monger . I 'll leave it there . Fact is , all the characters are pretty one dimensional , and their developement is very base . None of them are in the least bit likeable or interesting , and really , I watched this hoping something interesting would happen , like Alice Cooper shows up all pissed off or something . Every time the movie tries to get some deep point across , it just comes off of trivial and lame . I did like Bill paxton , and I read one review in which I totally agree with -- watch the first 10 minutes with Paxton , then shut it off . Annabeth Gish was good , too , but I always like her in whatever she does.I gave this movie 2 stars because it is watchable , it 's just not very good and I wont be watching it ever again . If you got nothing else to watch , go ahead and give it a try , it 's worth your time , but you wont be bragging about it the next day .
 Sadly im a canadian from alberta and have to live with the fact that this dvd and band are from my home . Nickleback sucks , and the quality and set list of this DVD is garbage . Save your money !
 This recording is lifted from soundtracks from the Ed Sullivan show . Poor substitute for the original studio tracks , plus the annoying , screaming teenie boppers get in the way . After you listen to this CD you will understnd why Ritalin was invented .
 I was very disappointed in this CD . I liked the idea of having a variety of British songs but the quality was n't there . I would n't recommend this CD to anyone .
 I have been a huge fan of the original cast of 1776 and have all the tracks memeorized ... ok I 'm a geek . I bought the original cast recording a long time ago and played it non-stop . I did notice it had some flaws like echoes in the recording . I found the 1997 version and wondered how it sounded . I read people 's reviews and thought wow this sounds like it would be a huge success ! I do admit the songs sounded decent right up until `` The Lees of Old Virginia '' which is my favorite song in the musical . I loved the original -LRB- Ron Holgate -RRB- 's version and his character better . I heard this version and wanted to laugh . No offense , but the guy sounds like he has a clothes-pin clamped on his nose and he is on the toilet ! I 'm a public vocal performer myself so I know how tough it is , but come on , you 're on Broadway now . He may have the advantage of better recording equipment , but he ca n't project with the same resonance at all ! Ronald Holgate all the way !!!
 Okay , I saw this musical with my school , at Ford 's Theater of all places . A review I read there said that the reviewer was `` enraptured '' and `` could hardly breathe . '' Me , I could hardly breathe for laughing so hard at the sheer stupidity of the songs . As for being enraptured , i DID have to stare hard at the stage a lot , simply because i forgot my glasses ... Anyway , this music is pathetic , though it was fun to imitate afterwards . It 's not worth seeing or listening to . It IS hard to write a musical about the signing of the Declaration of Independence . Why did they bother ? In more simple terms , IT SUCKS !!!
 This recording really lacks the one necessary ingredient - great voices - that made the original recording so wonderful . When this first came out , the music as both incredibly singable and memorable for the very reason that the voices were so good and it stuck with you.I would skip this latest release and get the original cast recording . It 's just so much better .
 The music was so loud over the words , it was really garbled and I did ` nt like it and I returned it . Amadan is one of my favorite groups , especailly live . I was disappointed . Boo . . Hoo
 Okay , I saw this musical with my school , at Ford 's Theater of all places . A review I read there said that the reviewer was `` enraptured '' and `` could hardly breathe . '' Me , I could hardly breathe for laughing so hard at the sheer stupidity of the songs . As for being enraptured , i DID have to stare hard at the stage a lot , simply because i forgot my glasses ... Anyway , this music is pathetic , though it was fun to imitate afterwards . It 's not worth seeing or listening to . It IS hard to write a musical about the signing of the Declaration of Independence . Why did they bother ? In more simple terms , IT SUCKS !!!
 This recording really lacks the one necessary ingredient - great voices - that made the original recording so wonderful . When this first came out , the music as both incredibly singable and memorable for the very reason that the voices were so good and it stuck with you.I would skip this latest release and get the original cast recording . It 's just so much better .
 I have been a huge fan of the original cast of 1776 and have all the tracks memeorized ... ok I 'm a geek . I bought the original cast recording a long time ago and played it non-stop . I did notice it had some flaws like echoes in the recording . I found the 1997 version and wondered how it sounded . I read people 's reviews and thought wow this sounds like it would be a huge success ! I do admit the songs sounded decent right up until `` The Lees of Old Virginia '' which is my favorite song in the musical . I loved the original -LRB- Ron Holgate -RRB- 's version and his character better . I heard this version and wanted to laugh . No offense , but the guy sounds like he has a clothes-pin clamped on his nose and he is on the toilet ! I 'm a public vocal performer myself so I know how tough it is , but come on , you 're on Broadway now . He may have the advantage of better recording equipment , but he ca n't project with the same resonance at all ! Ronald Holgate all the way !!!
 True fans of Rammstein can never like this . I listened to it not more than 5 times in the last 2 months . Mutter was good but not even close to their first 2 albums . This is even further away . They should go to thier roots . The style from thier first 2 albums is nowhere near done and no band can do it like they do . So go back.If you guys like this kind of music , give Eisbrecher a try . more electronic but way better than Reise .
 I like Rammstein quite a bit . This cd is ok , but is way below par . Definately my least favorite of their cds . I can listen to it while cleaning or farting around . But if you are looking for something to crank up in your car this cd does not offer vary much past the first two songs .
 Ok . Give me a chance to explain the one star rating . This band , Rammstein , is an amazing band . Their first two albums were amazing , industrial greatness . Love them to death . Then Mutter came out , good cd , slightly different direction , but still good.Then this came out.I heard Mein Teil and i got scared.I heard Amerika and was relieved ... then i heard the rest of the album and cried.I 'm sorry , but looking back at their previous efforts and then listening to this would make anyone cry . Anyone who truly loves the old Rammstein cds should run far away from this before it 's too late.The cd is bland , all the songs sound the same . There is no real energy on this cd , as there was in the past . And Rammstein has basically thrown all their industrial roots out the window on this one as well . Yet a lot of band i 've been listening to have done that -LRB- i.e. orgy , zeromancer , godhead , all had watered down albums compared to previous efforts , however their new albums were good tho -RRB- this is just horrible.i 'm sorry rammstein . please forgive me . but i had to do this . i had to warn people . i know some will be mad at me for this review , and you will automatically say this review didnt help you , even thought you own the cd and simply disagree with me ... but you ca n't honestly give this cd a 4 or 5 star rating after listening to their older cds .
 This album does n't resemble Rammstein at all . Where is the powerful guitar riffs I remember from previous efforts . There are way too many ballads on this album . Rammstein has sacrificed its musical integrity for a few potential hits . I mean this album is beyond bad . I would rate it 0 but Amazon does n't go that low . Anyone who gives this album a good rating clearly has n't heard their old stuff . I refuse to purchase the next album by this sell out group .
 Well , I guess this album will appeal to the hardcore fans that will accept any kind of crap from der Fuhrer land . I have all their albums to date and I must say this one is pure sheisen - not one good track on this weak ass waste of money . What 's with the ballads anyway ? This album is so unlistenable as to be painful . I tried to listen to even the semi-metal tracks and I end up turning it off before I throwen sie up . If you want Rammstein , get their DVD 's .
 this album sucks , no one should buy it , save the money and buy a decent metal album , theses guys get worse with every album if you like a singer with a low range voice try giving type o negative a chance . .
 I am very disapointed in Rammstein . The facetious song ` Amerika ' pissed me off . I want to shoot them for making it . It breaks my heart to see this excellent , one of a kind band sell out like this by bashing America ... It 's a shame ... They bit the hand that feeds them ... Totally un-glorious .
 After anticipating Rammstein 's next album for 3 years after the release of Mutter , I wanted to cry when I finished listening to this cd . Rammstein 's previous albums were all beyond great , especially Mutter . I truly can not see how anyone can even think about claiming Reise , Reise as a better album than that . This new release is very disappointing for anyone who fell in love with Rammstein because of their very heavy , melodic guitar riffs and songs put together so well . If you liked Mutter especially for the songs Links 2,3,4 , Sonne , Ich Will , Fever Frei , Zwitter , and Adios , you will hate what Rammstein has become . Many of the songs seem very lame , with a background of a boring guitar and singer Till just rambling on forever . Do n't get me wrong , if you are not a die hard fan of Mutter and Sehnsucht , Reise , Reise is a good album . I think that the title track and Amerika are the only songs that can amount to the other albums ' , and Mein Teil and Moskau are pretty good too . All of this is just MY opinion , and thank you very much for considering my thoughts !
 Awful . Just plain awful . A sorry attempt.Believe it or not , most fans agree with my stance . The band did profit from RR -LRB- not as much as their other albums -RRB- , but they LOST money all the singles attached to this album -LRB- except for Mein Teil -RRB- . Thats right THEY LOST MONEY ON THESE SONGS . Thats why Los has been cancelled , and they are instead moving on to their new album , due out this year . They promise it will be much heavier , and will not letdown the fans like this album.So in short , ditch this garbage , go buy Mutter , and download `` Benzin '' . It is a song Rammstein just debuted in a concert setting from their newest album . I promise , once you hear it , it will restore your faith in this band !
 Another steaming load from the kings of eurotrash.It 's sad if this is the best that Germany has to offer .
 I honestly do n't know whats so appealing about a bunch of people in a German band -LRB- yelling German -RRB- leaping about on the moon chanting `` We are all living in a america '' . When that is of course total lie anyway . Is ` nt it ovious , `` r u nat tolkin in germain !!!?? `` As for the music , well is it music , just stupid boring guitar riffs played over and over with ridiculous noises.Whats the $ # % # % point of people who are ` nt german listening to this anyway , you ca n't understand them singing , which is one of the whole points of music !!!!!! ^ % $ ^ $ % % rabbich !!!!!!!
 This CD is not that good . becuase the songs are pretty bad
 Once again , Iron Maiden offers over and over again the same songs they always play . This is noting new . This is nothing interesting . That band just shows no respect for the fans because they offer the same stuff in order to make money . The same tracks live for the 1000000000000 time . If you are a fan , show some respect for yourself and do not buy this . Make the band know they have more songs to offer .
 This CD is not that good . becuase the songs are pretty bad
 Jessica Simpson in the past has done some arguably sorrowful cover songs . Whether it was her remake of Robbie Williams power ballad Angels , or her trying sonnet of the Top Gun classic from Berlin Take My Breath Away . Her latest single has to be one of the very worst covers I 've ever heard in years . Not to mention a low for her . Her remake of Nancy Sinatra 's classic These Boots Are Made For Walkin ' for the movie The Dukes Of Hazzard is arguably a disgrace . It is terrible , and shameful for somebody who was good as a reality Newlywed . I really did n't like it when I recently heard Nancy Sinatra perform it . But , I really hate Jessica 's version of it even more . She really needs to find songs of her own , not covering others.Song
 With Jessica Simpson 's ascent to major-stardom , her music seems to somehow have gotten left behind in the dust . . What is going ON with all these weak covers of Berlin , Robbie Williams and now - Nancy Sinatra ? Sure the country twist is interesting , but in the end `` Boots . . '' is an incomplete , badly produced track which does not take advantage of Jessica 's surprisingly strong voice and vocal ability . Is this the same singer who released strong hook-laden tracks like `` Irresistable '' and `` I Wan na Love you Forever '' - what happened ? Let 's hope her next album is original material . These covers are not doing her justice .
 Okay ... enough Jess . You 've proven to be just another mess of a teenage girl gone skitz with the help of your post-preacher father manager . What a typical hollywood mess . This song is horrible , the video is even worse -LRB- what does Jessica washing the General Lee in a pink bikini have ANYTHING to do with this song ? -RRB- ! Was hoping Jess would be the one to hang on to a little virture out of all the `` girls gone wild '' troop -LRB- Britney , Christina , Mandy , etc. -RRB- , but no ... you failed .
 I think this song is just o.k.I also think Jessica and her parents are hypocrites , they bashed Christina Aguilera for what she wore or did not wear , but then she comes out half naked in this video . Jessica said she was trying to portray the spirit of the movie.What a lame excuse , was that the real reason ???????
 I am a huge fan of Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood , so when I saw that Jessica Simpson had a cover of this famous song , I was curious to see.It 's horrible!When Nancy and Lee produced `` These Boots '' Lee told Nancy to act like a 16 yr . old who 's angry at being taken advantage of by her 40 yr . old messin ' around truck driver boyfriend . You can feel that persona type come through in the song . But Jessica 's version is I do n't know what ! When I saw the video she made , it seem like she 'd be doing a favor to any guy who she walked on and he 'd enjoy it with some kind of sado-masochistic pleasure!She imbues a whole different meaning to the song , turning herself into some kind of sex-goddess in Daisy Dukes.If you want the real deal , listen to the original by Nancy Sinatra . Do n't waste any time or money with Jessica 's version .
 I have never heard a cover as bad as Jessica Simpson 's rendition of this song ... granted , the original version is n't the best either , but still , it runs way farther ahead then the version that Jessica has released.Really , the song is just a total and complete s *** fest . Jessica usually can sing way better than this , she has a much higher range . But in this song , all she does is purr quietly like an annoying little sex kitten . I can just imagine her wearing a sluttish outift -LRB- hmmm ... super short-shorts and a belly-baring shirt , maybe ? -RRB- , while she tramps across stage `` singing '' this song . Britney Spears would do a better job trying to sing the way Jessica does ; it just does n't sound right when Jessica does it.In addition to her bad singing , the music itself is just annoying and will give you a headache by the time the song is over - or even before.Please , be smart and do n't waste your money on this single . Even her cover of `` Take My Breath Away '' is better then this.Avoid at all costs .
 For the love of Pete ! This is probably the worst cover existent on the planet . Jessica Simpson did `` Take My Breath Away '' all right and `` Angels '' quite brilliantly , but `` These Boots '' ??! Puuuuhhhleeez . She sounds like she 's trying to be sexy and throaty like Britney , but Britney can do it better than Jessica . It 's unnatural and completely unbelievable - Simpson sounds whiny , contrived and , at times , constipated . Since 2003 's mildly successful In This Skin Mrs. Nick Lachey has sounded too much like she 's trying to fill in No. 1 female pop star Britney Spears ' shoes , which Simpson just ca n't do . Sure , she can sing , but not like she used to . Parts of this song are mildly entertaining , like the part where she actually tries to sing it , but throughout the entire single you may find yourself putting your boots on and walkin ' out , too .
 Let 's clear a couple of things up first :1 - Jessica Simpson is smokin ' hot in this video . I mean . . hells bells , she 's AWESOME . It makes you want to drop to your knees and thank God women are still willing to be exploited by men . Long may it continue .2 . These Boots Are Made For Walkin ' is a classic kitsch gem.And it 's just a pity that classic song and slobber-inducing video do n't make for great cover version because , really - this is awful . Right from Jessica 's `` are you ready buououts ? '' attempt at a `` drawl '' to the barely audible vocals , it seems as if they 're trying their best not to take the song seriously . Which is fine if the song is garbage , but this is a pop standard here , something that , done right , could have been excellent . Here it 's just a waste of time . Worst part is the end , where Jessica says `` Willie Nelson , everybody '' in such an excited voice at the old coot standing next to her , when in reality she 'd be like , `` look . . I do n't know who this is , but he 's like , old and hairy and stuff . `` My advice ? By all means watch the video until your eyes burn out , but listen to something else whilst you 're doing it.The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 I feel like i do not even know Jessica anymore . THis song was butchered by her trying to have a sexy-Britney like voice , it just does not work for u Jess . Two Thumbs DOWN !
 I will avoid talking about songs 2-4 , and I will just focus on ` These Boots Are Made For Walking ' -LRB- which will make this a short review something I am prone to do when I when reviewing items -RRB- . When I first saw the video , I was shocked . I mean Horifically shocked . First of all the song was barely inaudible -LRB- or maybe it was just me -RRB- and I had too put the volume on my TV all the way . Jessica being know for her crazy ballads going crazy with her voice is not doing that here , which makes the song boring . The dance moves and her bikini shot at the end just disgusted me . I detest that celebreties use their bodies to gain attention and make some money . -LRB- Or as most celebreties say `` Not ashamed of showing their sexiness '' etc. . . or some other moderation of it . -RRB- Anyways have a nice day & , Ciao
 J.P is Jeff Porcaro.Mr . Carlton had a deep respect for this true musician.I can hardly believe J.P. 's been gone for almost 16 years.Session dudes are brought in for good reason . These two Brought an incred-able amount of stuff . Anyway Carlton is a First Rate Player . Listen to all his music -LCB- find credits at his site -RCB- . Watch him and the group of pros he gets to play with , then rewrite your review .
 I liked all of his past albums but this one is n't good . None of the songs are very clever , it 's nothing captivating . In fact , I 'd get more pleasure listening to just about ANYTHING but this . Spend your money elsewhere .
 Well Ben Lee , at least you tried . And by that I mean you tried way to hard . You 're songwriting is terrible , and you ca n't play guitar , which is probably why you put so many electronics on this album . I heard two of your songs , and they were so terrible I could make the assumption , just from hearing two songs , that you are a terrible musician . In that one really bad song when you say `` To see the lights of San Francisco ... at night '' you do n't need to say `` at night '' because if it was daytime , the lights would n't be on . Idiot .
 While Ben has put out some barely tolerable albums in the past , and I concede that I LIKED HIS CONCERT that my girlfriend dragged me to , Hey You Yes You is the WORST ALBUM I have ever heard in my life . Instead of singing about romance , he sings about death which is odd b/c most or all of his success stems from his romantic relationship . These boring songs would put you to sleep but it is difficult to rest while VOMITING . HE IS NO BEN FOLDS , no Ben Kweller , and no Evan Dando - all musicians that he plays with . He puts on a good concert , but it is only entertaining b/c of his jokes not songs ; the only good song he played anyway was a cover . And the only good jokes were responses to hecklers who hated his songs . Folks , let 's face it , but not for a certain Terminator , he would n't sell two copies if he pressed a double album . To quote Maxim , `` If you 're a fan , take a pass on Hey You and you 'll remain one , '' maybe .
 Ben Lee is funny , you got ta give him that . Running With Scissors is a hilarious song , I laughed so hard when I first heard it . The sad thing is though , I do n't think he 's trying to be funny . So basically , he sux . The Big Nose Hairy Tooth Guy -LRB- inside joke , you would n't get it -RRB- is back and badder than ever . Literally . Hey is he still dating Claire Danes ?
 To make this quick and easy - if you want Noise Addict or even his underrated litte-electrified `` SOMETHING TO REMEMBER ME BY '' you wo n't find it here . If you LOVED TORNADOS , you will probably LOVE this record .
 Recently , I was in the USED CD section of a music store and they had NINE copies of this . There is a good reason for that . This album is a real stinker.The Connells are a good band , and even the best of them stumble on occasion . This is not a stumble , this is a free fall . If you like the Conells as I do , avoid this one . If you are just starting out with them LOOK ELSEWHERE !
 That 's what I found while scanning my CD collection one morning for something to bring with me for the ride to work . `` Wow ! '' I said . . `` I forgot I even had that one '' . The connells probably rank as one of my favorite bands , and believe me , there are MANY more below them . That 's how much I have adored their past works . I graduated from high school listening to `` Fun And Games '' , moved across the country listening to `` One Simple Word '' , and met my wife while listening to `` Ring '' in the early 90 's . A bunch of intense memories follow these albums , but unlike the rest , this one just slipped through . Long story short -LRB- too late ? -RRB- ... I listened to this 2 maybe 3 times -LRB- but that 's pushing it -RRB- and then put it away for what I guess must have been 6-7 years now . I was n't any more impressed this time then the first time I put it in my CD player.If your love for the Connells does ` nt drive you to buy every one of their CD 's do n't bother with this one . I would n't dream of not having it in my collection ... . it just would n't be right . But for now it will continue to be nothing more than looked over .
 I 'd give this 2.5 stars if I could ... OK , it was a disappointment after `` Ring '' but there are good things here -LRB- ` Maybe ' , ` Any ' , ` Hang On ' , ` Back to Blue , ' ` Pretty Rough ' -RRB- . But it is mediocre , and the self-indulgence of ` Friendly Time ' is almost unforgiveable . But it 's worth owning . Just a plea for reason amid all these hostile reviews .
 I just ca n't give this one a 3 . This CD drags through . Mind you , there are a few good songs but when you first knew them from Fun and Games you begin to miss the upbeat fun of this band . Add it to your collection if you are a Connell fan . You will get in a mood to hear this . But buy all the other CDs first .
 Geeze , what a snozefest of an album . For a group that has made some of the catchiest muisc of the 90 's , a decade hostile to melodies , it is difficut to figure out how this one ever got released.Avoid .
 OK . I like this band - I like them a lot . But this CD just is n't very good . The first song `` Maybe '' hints at past glories , but the rest of the album fails to sustain even that modest level of melodic interest . This is a first for the Connells - and album virtually devoid of hooks and memorable melodies.Begin your Connells introduction elsewhere .
 Pop Kulcher Review
 It does not take many listens to understand just why this is easily the worst album the Connells have ever recorded . Somewhere along the line the band forgot the melodies and the hooks that made all their other album so enjoyable , and this album is a major stinker as a result . If you are new to the Connells start elsewhere . Any of their other albums are a better place to start than here , although `` Ring '' is especially good . If you already are a Connells fan there is no reason to add this to your collection , unless you are a completist , in which case you should have little problem finding this one in the used CD bins of your local store .
 Having only heard One Simple Word , and being quite happy with what I heard , I was looking forward to this album being the breakthrough.Let down is all I can say that i felt.Overall the album was boring.It seems like TVT hyped this release as that Big album that we all knew the world was waiting for.And I bought it because I know the connells stand apart from most of the backwash we are forced to deal with on the corporate airwaves.I believe there is Still Life now I just need to get it.Looking forward to genuine guitar pop .
 `` Ring , ' The Connells 1993 masterpiece should have been their big breakthrough . Full of great melodies that stick in your mind for days after one listen it was some of the smartest pop -LRB- with an edge -RRB- that was released in the 90 's . But thanks to an inept promotion by the band 's label the album went nowhere . It still lurks in the bins of your better music stores . If you have n't heard it take a chance and hear what you 've been missing for nearly a decade.Perhaps it was the disappointing sales success of `` Ring '' that led to this mess of a record . Perhaps the band was demoralized , or perhaps they were trying to get even with a label that would not let them out of their contract to sign with another , but this one nearly killed their career for good.Sure , there is an ` experimental ' side to this album that keeps it from being totally forgettable , but in the midst of all this so called innovation the band forgot to write any songs . The lyrics are generally pointless , the melodies forgettable almost to the point of coming across like they were improvised on the spot . In short , this is n't worth your hard earned money . Pass .
 When I see that several people have actually given this album a five star rating I have to laugh . Amazon customers tend to give out five star ratings like candy at Halloween , failing to realize that in the history of recorded music very few albums , maybe 5 or 6 dozen tops , deserve such a rare honor . This meandering mess of a record is n't even anywhere close.I 've always assumed that The Connells , a band I really like , delivered this album as a method of payback for their label TVT . TVT had refused to let The Connells out of their contract so that a bigger label could release the band 's previous album `` Ring '' -LRB- a real gem of a record -RRB- . A bigger label could have given the album the type of promotion push that could have made it the colossal hit it deserved to be . As a result The Connells missed out on their chance at the big time.So when payback time rolled around the band delivered this dud of an album to TVT . Perhaps they were hoping the label would reject it and release them from their contract , or maybe they wanted to label to released the album and have TVT lose their shirt when it tanked commercially . Who knows ? In any case this is hands down the most forgettable album in The Connell 's catalog.I owned this CD for a good year and a half after its release , and I gave it repeated listens determined to find anything memorable since I assumed that it was one of those subtle albums that took repeated listens to really pick up on its charms . No luck . I finally took it to a used CD store and used it as a down payment of a CD I like much more . Eventually , somebody bought that copy ... and I am sure to this day that they are fuming at how they got ripped off.Still , do n't take my word for it . As I type this review I see that there are currently 122 used copies of this CD being sold here at Amazon starting at a mere penny . Does n't that tell you something ?
 20th Century Masters The Millennium Collection - The Best of Eric Clapton is essentially a re-issue of Clapton 's 1982 compilation , Timepieces . -LRB- Swap `` Bell Bottom Blues '' with `` Willie and the Hand Jive , '' and `` Swing Low Sweet Chariot '' with `` Let It Rain , '' and you have that other album , track for track . -RRB- This is a fair compilation - not great , but not bad either . It is a good representation of Clapton 's work from the '70s - nothing before 1970 -LRB- Eric Clapton , Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs -RRB- , and nothing after 1978 -LRB- Backless -RRB- , meaning you wo n't find anything here by the Yardbirds , Cream , Blind Faith , or Clapton 's work from the '80s or '90s . If you 're looking for a quick overview of Clapton 's work from the '70s , or a cheap -LRB- meaning most economically feasible -RRB- , single-disc compilation to answer the question , `` Who is Eric Clapton ? '' then this may be the compilation for you.For those who want a broader and more in-depth review of Clapton 's body of work , I suggest 1995 's The Cream of Eric Clapton and 1999 's Clapton Chronicles
 Even for $ 6.88 at Sam 's Club , this Millennium Collection CD was no bargain . It 's so bad I could n't even finish listening to it ! Where did they get these cuts ? They sound so muddy and poorly mixed that they must have been practice session tapes retrieved from the dumpster . The various instruments and voices keep fading in & out so you ca n't follow the music . Plus , the tempos and overall sounds are very different from the `` definitive '' versions most of us think of . I never thought it was possible to mess up a Clapton song , but UMI proved me wrong . And the liner notes ? -- None in this cardboard packaged `` green '' version .
 After Better Days , it 's all been downhill with these posthumous releases . They are obviously running out of material that Pac left behind . Plus , I hate seeing him get put on tracks with rappers he never knew or liked when he was living.And finally , these corny a $ $ new school beats do n't mix with Tupac 's style .
 Do n't Waste Your Time With This Recycled Garbage !!! It IS 2Pac 's Music ... But It 's 2Pac 's Music Destroyed !!! It Sounds Like 1 of Those Myspace Idiots Trying 2 Get Famous By Claiming They Knew Pac !!! They Rap On 1 Of His Tracks ... Change The Beat , And ACT LIKE THEY DID SOMETHING SPECIAL !!! NOBODY CAN HANG WITH PAC !!! PERIOD !!! All This Is A Blow 2 The Question of `` Who 's The Best Rapper ? '' I 'm Just Glad That Question Is n't Decided By This Coffee Table Coaster !!! Anybody Thats Heard The O.G. Copy 's Will Understand !!! Stop Molding Pac Into A Wack Rapper , With A Grill , Keepin It Crunk , Kickin ' It With A BUNCH OF BUSTA 'S !!!!!!!!
 Why ? Why ? I have heard all of these songs already . I own the orgianals with out these other klownz on em ' . Not to take away from any of these other rappers because most of them I listen to ... But , WHY ? WHY ? are they on this album . If I want to here T.I. I will go buy his album . I dont want to hear him rap with Pac ! WHY ?
 When an artist decides not to release a track its usually for good reason . Adding artist that were around 12 -LRB- TI and Ashanti -RRB- when he died does not make the track better . Overall the song is ok at best . I have to say this album is not worth of gracing Pac 's name . IMO after Makaveli the albums just kept getting worse and this album falls right in line .
 I never thought they could put out a Pac album worst than Loyal To The Game but they finally hit rock bottom . Just like one of the reviewers below I have the originals of all these songs of course they are bootlegs but they all sound 100 times better . The original Pac 's Life is one verse with Prince 's Pop Life music . What 's Next also is way better on the original . The only two good songs on here are Untouchable Remix , and Soon As I Get Home which uses the original . Bout time I got to the song with Keisha Cole I was ready to take the cd out which is a first for me when it comes to 2pac . Also the original Do n't Sleep has Daz on it and a much better beat . I heard this is gon na be the last Pac album they put out and I hope they are right , no need to destroy his legacy any longer . I 'm done buying anymore like this , I will stick to the originals . Big dissapointment for the greatest rapper ever .
 That Ms Afeni Shakur would allow folks to pretend to know what a PAC album would sound like if he was still living . His vocals alone should be able to sell any posthumous release without watering it down.Listening to this version of PAC 's Life was sickening . I have the orignal bootleg version of it using Prince 's `` Pop Life '' and it was rugged and raw just like it was.It 's almost becoming more detrimental to PAC 's legacy to keep letting other artist collaborate on these tracks instead of just using the regular unreleased versions with PAC solely on it on w/him and the Outlawz the way it was intended to be.I just hope Ms Shakur and the rest of the Amaru staff would just realize that when it 's not broke , stop looking for a crack . All this does is just make me pull out the old Makavelli boots and reminisce just how vicious PAC was as an artist and as a young black male.RIPYour `` Soldier Story '' will live on .
 Tupac watered down . When was the last time any of you heard Elvis release a posthumous duets with Brittany Spears ? `` They '' would never do that . `` We '' are turning `` our '' modern-day-soldier into Homey-the-clown . Remember , the battle is NOT flesh and blood . Spiritual genocide at it 's finest . God says do n't add or take away from His word . I 'm sure Pac would feel the same way . Think about it .
 The question I pose , `` Is this a product or piece of art ? '' , should ring in your minds . This CD was more of a compilation to support the `` new '' artists featured , as they are the current trend of marketable icons . Moreover , 2Pac was not a `` household item '' during his times ; if he was alive , there would not be a Tupac video game , feel me ? That was not his style.Why not just leave all his tracks unmastered and raw , keep the original artists on the tracks , but not artists from 2006 ... because it would not sell to the majority of young listeners . I am in my mid 20s , and a Pac listener for over 10 years , if you understand the Marketing concepts of the music industy , the goal is to target the highly marketable demographic of the current period . My cohort -LRB- 20s-30s -RRB- is of the working professional class , whom does not spend a lot of time watching all of this BS media on BET and MTV , so we do not get caught in th hype , which the marketers know . So instead of dropping this album for the listeners of Pac 's generation , they drop is for the current demographic.Anyone of my generation who listeted to Pac will not support any of the last `` chop suey '' albums , we understand real rap music , not the `` product music '' played on the airwaves today.Here is a question for you all to ponder ... Why is that when the surviving members of The Beatles released new unheard material about 10 years ago , they did not need to feature any new rock n'roll artists ? Its because they were classic , and the music would sell no matter what.Pac is classic too , forever a timeless artist . No disrespect to Afeni or the label , but if it ai n't broke , then do n't try to fix it.Rest Tupac
 As a faithful listener to 2pac 's music , I am disappointed with the result and the quality of this album . We can understand that any posthumous album released can never be as close to what 2pac had envisioned , we can understand that Afeni Shakur as a mother is doing everything she can to keep her son 's legacy alive , and we can definitely understand that most of 2pac 's fans are at consensus concerning the illegitimacy of the 2 most recent albums.The illegitimacy of the album is this
 WHY DOES AFENI KEEP EXPLOITING HER SON 'S MUSIC . SHE OF ALL PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW THAT PAC WAS REALLY SERIOUS ABOUT HIS MUSIC . SUBSTITUTING THE ORIGINAL MATERIAL AND PUTTING FAKE ARTISTS ON THE SONGS BRINGS THE QUALITY DOWN BIG TIME . I USED TO HAVE THE ALBUM THE PAC AND BIG YOU NEVER HEARD , WHICH HAD THE ORIGINAL VERSI0N OF PAC 'S LIFE AND ORIGINAL VERSIONS OF FRIENDS , ALL OUT , HAPPY HOME . THATS THE ALBUM YOU SHOULD BUY . EVEN THOUGH THE QUALITY ON THAT ALBUM WAS N'T THE BEST , AT LEAST IT WAS ORIGINAL AND BETTER THAN THE GARBAGE THAT KEEPS GETTING RELEASED . THE BOOTLEGGERS ALSO WERE SELLING ORIGINAL MUSIC , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING A HOLD OF ANY OF THE MAKAVELI BOOTLEGS IF YOU CAN .
 STOP putting artists that 2pac would have probablynever worked with on his songs ! I do n't understand why people think these dumb beats and radio rap artists are gon na do justice to a pac album . Haha this cd is SO bad ! Afeni needs to let a legit producer create tracks like those on Better Dayz . These people producing his stuff now never even met him and do n't know his style . Might as well let Biz Markie on the albums . Whatever I 'm over it . RIP Pac sorry they 're putting this gay stuff out with your name on it it 's too bad . I 'm surprised Akon is n't on here . Ashanti ... WOW ... have DRE or QUICK or someone like that produce ... no one else .
 I 1st heard the single Pac 's Life on the radio . Actually , I only heard part of the song.When Ashanti is singing the hook `` Pac 's Life '' . Then I discovered the song featured T.I. . I have nothing against these current hip-hop stars , BUT WHAT DO THEY KNOW ABOUT PAC 'S LIFE ? They have no understanding or comprehension what THUG LIFE is or means . Dont get it twisted , i am a huge pac fan and believe he is the illest MC to bless to mic . But this album just does not do justice for how lyrically skilled 2pac was . If you want to buy a pac CD , make sure its no more recent than Loyal 2 Tha Game . Thank you and i know all the real pac fans feel me out there .
 The only original on this album is `` Soon as I get home '' thats why it sounds so good . It was done when he was still alive . Will they please keep it original and let Jonny J do the production work ?? The man that did tons of tracks with pac , who pac personally worked with ?? Who when they made music it was like marriage in compliments . That was the best combination in music history I have to say .
 this is the worst pac record to date , i thought the last one was.i just wish you would leave his music alone , cause it doesnt look like its going to get better.i thought i would never say this but i hope theres never a pac record to get released again , lets face it rap mucic is dead , once it went commercial.makaveli r.i.p.
 This album may be good for just the average fan of hip-hop as it is today , but is sickening for a real fan of 2Pac . Capitalizing on the state of rap , most of the featuring artists are n't actually any good , nor do they have anything to do with 2Pac , they are just the people that have been selling the most records lately . They say only one verse on this album is recycled from a previous album , which I would have to say is a lie .3 of the tracks have remixed versions of themselves on the album . Meaning that the tracklisting could be cut down from 13 to 10 . Of those 10 songs , 2 were on the Makaveli & Dillinger CD , while rare , still exists.Meaning 8 songs on this CD are original.Of these 8 songs , most are modeled to be some sort of pseudo-southern style , with hooks that splice some of Pac 's old lyrics together in a quick attempt at sounding catchy.Soon as I get Home is a good track , featuring Yaki Kadafi , and the original beat by QDIII . Other than that , you 're pretty much just left to pray that another 2Pac album will come out soon that will sort out this whole mess.I know that if your a Pac fan your going to buy this anyway , but just do n't get your hopes up for another classic . At least not this time around .
 This isnt raw like regular 2pac I think that afeni should stop degrading her son and keep putting out pac 's real stuff .
 I realize Lil John does not provide any production on this album , but he might as well have . What is up with these disgusting Snyth club joints ? Pac 's rolling in his grave listening to this bull . Again , I agree the bootleg versions are far superior . You want something to sound like Pac , then you need to have a funky groove , and some soul . Earlier posthumous albums understood that . Especially Better Dayz , R U Still Down , and Still I Rise . This CD is a travesty to this man 's legacy .
 If Your Thinking of Getting Into 2Pac Or at least think of buying this I dont think you should beacause It 's A horrible Example Of Him . Sounds Almost 100 % Unlike Any Of The Rest Of His Great Work . Sort-of a cookie cutter remake or pop version of his usually serious deep message .
 The album sucks , and if 2pac was alive he would be ALL OVER THIS PRODUCERS touching his legacy ... its disrespectful and unfair for him ... . STOP TOUCHING PAC 'S LEGACY !!!
 I 've finally braved listening to this album , after putting it off for a few years ... and yes it is as bad as I expected.I listened to the first 2 tracks then have quickly shuffled through the rest . Obviously the only exception is ` Soon as I Get Home ' . Always loved that tune since it was first leaked in the 90s . At least now there 's a high spec version of it , and believe me that is the only reason I rate this 2 star . That track is 5 star and the rest are 1 for me.I never bother writing reviews , just normally read all of yours , but I just felt myself getting angrier and angrier listening to this travesty . I 've read through the majority of the reviews already on here & agree with most of what has been said on all of the 1-3 star reviews.I 'm 27 , from the UK and grew up with Pac as my hero and inspiration / father figure , even did my degree dissertation on him , his music and the Black Power movement ... but I 've been so disheartened with what has been put out in his name over most of the posthumous years , that I heardly even listen to the man anymore . Anyway after the fourth listen to the QDIII joint that 's got me in the mood to dig out all of the untouched bootlegs and enjoy them for what they are . Even those that would never have gotten close to an album are x10 better than the ` music ' on here.Anyone remember the ideas on ` the Vault ' box set of everything untouched years ago ? If that ever happened I guarantee it would go multi-platinum without much marketing , as long as the fans knew they were finally getting what they wanted!I do n't want to speak badly of Afeni , maybe she 's had some terrible advice for her work on these releases . Whatever the reason it certainly does n't justify this mess of a project ... I could write another dissertation on this so I better stop now.Do not buy this , but do n't miss out on ` Soon as I get Home ' if you ai n't already got it .
 Pac would record extra songs to vent his frustrations and get whatever he had off his chest . He never meant for these recordings to be released as he did n't see them as his `` A '' material . His mother is continuing to explot her son 's considerable name at the expense of the quality of the music . Pairing him up with ppl who are n't good enuff to tie his shoes , let alone rap w / him is a shame and a disgrace . These albums showcase the greed of Afeni Shakur , not the talent of her son .
 Terrible shame that they think 2pac 's lyrics wo n't sell themselves.So they have to add the pop culture beats to sell records.The only song on the album that i actually like is `` soon as i get home '' just because it 's the only one that feels like a 2pac song.all the rest are sad attepts to sell records , and how could you even try to perfect the previously unreleased `` Untouchble '' I 'm sure every 2pac fan thought it was perfect the way it was and twice on the album ruined the song.Pac I love you but if you were alive today I know you would 've gave us a better album but what can we do now . R.I.P
 I just got to tell you , that I am listening to the title track of Makaveli 's new album -LRB- well , not his album , they are n't actually his songs -RRB- , Pac 's Life . That was one of his tightest unreleased songs -LRB- and infact is on my `` unreleased greatest hits '' album -RRB- and they just made a mess of it
 I am sooooo tired of hearing these cut and paste albums using Tupacs voice . Searching under Tupacs bed for lyrics he would never had used when he was alive and then adding a super commercial guest to the song does not make the song good . Pac most likely would have never done songs with the majority of the people on the album . Do n't get duped into buying this `` clone '' of a Tupac album . Check out Pac 's first two album 's 2pacalypse now and strictly for my N.I.G.G.A.Z for real tupac albums .
 Tupac was once a modern-day folk hero , and over the years , his smother has turned him into a laughing stock . Tupac 's legacy has gone from class to trash . Congrat 's Afeni and Co. , you 've tarnished a man 's life-long work in the name of the almighty dollar . What you people have done is the equivalent of taking a van gogh painting , deficating all over it , and then saying that 's the way vincent would have wanted it . You all should be ashamed of yourselves .
 i was a big pac fan love thug life , all eyez on me and the 7 day theory put when a high profile celebritt dies take jimin hendrix for instaNCE EVERYBODY wan na profit off that artist since -LSB- pac 's death afeni and suge knight haS MADE MILLIONS OFF HIS UNRELEASED RECORDINGS AND DOCUMENTARIES are u still down was cool but what gets me is crap like this better days , until the end of time and loyal to the game why getr sorry lame producers who know nothing about pac 's music or the classic g funk west coast sound to remix his vocals and add them with the latest BET star anyway I find it disgraceful ansd once again I recommend all pac fans to seek out the original bootlegs they sound better and are uncut I do n't wan na hear pac with people he nebver knew I wan na hear how thwese songs were originally recorded whether they were intended for release or not afeni went as far as to omit vocals with thge people pac worked with like spice 1 , e40 , richie rich , keak da sneak , and many more pac worked with shame on you afeni .
 Afeni Shakur literally smoked so much crack when she was in the Black Panther era , she ACTUALLY BELIEVES , her dead son communicates with her ! `` I believe whole-heartedly that Tupac sends the people he wants to these projects . '' Sounds like years of abusive crack smoking to me.She 's also using 2Pac 's name to make a name for herself , and for her own profit . How can she be a true mom , and sell his music different then they way he originally made it ? TUPAC IS NOT DISNEY ! DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM ! Afeni only left ONE track untouched , because Quincy Jones did n't want her to ruin his song . `` If Its Not Broken ... DO N'T FIX IT ! ''
 These industry pimps have been killing the man 's music since Nu-Mixx Klazzics and they havent stopped yet -LRB- Hmmmm I wonder why -RRB- . Is this album as bad as they say it is ? YES ! There are about three songs that are spin-worthy . The Swizz Beatz remake of Untouchable feat Krayzie Bone is okay . Dumpin feat Hussein Fatal , Papoose and Carl Thomas is the best track on here . Pac , Fatal and Papoose 's verses fit perfectly over a suspenseful beat and Carl Thomas wasnt too shabby on the chorus . Dont Sleep -LRB- feat Lil Scrappy , Nutso and Yaki Kadafi -RRB- is cool . Take out Lil Scrappy 's lukewarm verse and its a banger . The rest of this album is musical mutilation . Pac 's Life feat T I and Ashanti makes me cringe till this day . Taking Pac 's verses from This Life I Lead and putting them over a corny club beat . Disgusting and the remix with Snoop Dogg and Chris Starr is absolutely pointless . Things go from bad to worse when they drag Pac down to Jarule 's poppy level with Playa Cardz Right -LRB- male and female -RRB- The female version with Keyshia Cole is painfully weak and the male version with Ludacris and Keon Bryce will put you to sleep . I like the quirky beat to What 's Next but Pac 's verse sounds like it was squeezed in there and the guests -LRB- A3 and Jay Rock -RRB- suck ! Young Buck and Chamillionaire 's verses were okay on Sleep but the beat provided by Sha Money XL is excruciating to listen to . More choas would ensue with the pathetic , clubby sounding International feat Nipsey Hustle -LRB- Snoop Dogg Jr -RRB- and Young Dre The Truth . Soon As I Get Home feat Kadafi and Untouchable -LRB- feat Hussein , Kadafi and Gravy -RRB- are just as boring as the male version of Playa Cards Right . To add more insult to injury Dont Stop -LRB- feat Kadafi , Fatal , EDI , Big Syke and Stormy -RRB- laugh out loud hiliarious and I dont think that track was intended to be funny -LRB- also does it makes sense for a song of that nature to have a clubby beat to it ? Think about it -RRB- . Bottom Line
 `` What the industry did to ` PAC , they did to Jesus , raping his vocals and destroying a message '' - Immortal Technique
 This is no different that Biggie `` Biggie Duets '' . All it is is old material a capella , re-worked with new instrumentals , new names and new recordings by musicians who are still living . Then they are attempted to be passed off as a new song . That is not right . Just let Pac RIP
 Basically if you like Pantera , black era Metallica and Machine Head chances are you will like this stuff . I personally do n't , therefore only 1 star . I heard the song cold years ago on a metal blade sampler -LRB- Metalmeister 2 for those inclined -RRB- and liked it back then . I saw the cd was cheap so I figured I 'd give it a try . That was a mistake on my part . But to you the reviewer who has n't heard this band and might be interested , they are 4 young guys from down under who play music in the vein of the bands I mentioned above . This stuff is just too bland for me .
 It 's important when purchasing an Audio CD on Meditation that you enjoy the voice of the person leading the meditation . Sadly , Amazon does n't offer a sample clip so I buzzed around the internet until I found a sample from the CD and it was the Breathing exercise.The mans voice sounds somewhat automated . `` Breath in two , three , four ... '' I 'm trying to decide if I find his voice soothing or even tolerable for meditation but then as he begins counting down -LRB- to exhale -RRB- you hear this loud `` AHHHHHHHH ... '' followed by `` out two , three , four '' . Kinda caught me off guard . Personally , I did n't find his voice soothing or the loud `` AHHHHHH '' relaxing . In fact , I immediately realized that I would end up feeling anxiety instead of relaxation and decided this is n't the right Meditation disc for me . Before you buy a CD , try to find a sample of the persons voice leading the meditation . Had I purchased this , I would have been truly disappointed .
 This was one of the worst ` relaxation ' techniques I have ever experienced . I would rate this < 1 , but that was not a choice . I bought two different CDs on the same day and I have listened to Indigo Dreams only twice ; the first time I turned it off and the second was to make sure I heard it correctly the first time . This CD is useless to me , since I bypass most of it . The breathing exercises are absolutely horrible ; the counting seems to make you FORCE your breath , as opposed to relaxing and allowing your body to do what 's natural . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 I also bought this CD on it 's great reviews . As a person who is studying hypnosis and deep relaxation this CD just is n't that great . It sounds like a seminar or something you could listen to on the ride to work . Just not while you are trying to really `` relax '' . I 'm not sure what it has to do about Indigo 's or Dreams ... both of which are n't addressed in this CD . It all depends on what you are looking for in a CD . It 's not a soothing person talking to help you fall asleep ...
 The instructions given on the CD for `` belly '' or diaphragmatic breathing are exactly the opposite of what they should be . The narrator says that your belly should expand when you breathe out . Not only is this illogical , since you are expelling air , but absolutely incorrect . In this kind of breathing , the belly should expand when you breathe in and contract when you breathe out.Aside from this rather serious flaw , after listening a couple of times to the comparison between how a tortoise and a rat breathe , I wanted to tell the narrator to shut up.I bought this CD because of the preponderance of 5-star ratings , and regret having wasted my money . I can get better relaxation techniques for free over the Internet .
 This was not was I expected . I did n't like this cd but maybe someone else will . I will not buy again .
 If you only ever listen to one meditation then it should be Isobel Aura 's You are Powerful Meditation , which is both calming and empowering all at the same time . There is no single meditation that I have listened to that is anywhere near as good .
 I bought this CD based on the reviews and was HIGHLY disappointed . I was looking for a Guided Meditation to aide me in relaxing and this does the opposite for me . It starts out with an `` I Love Myself '' mantra , aka `` Affirmations . '' The rest of the CD actually makes an attempt at guiding you through mediation but it serves , at least for me , only as a distraction . After giving it more chances , I found myself constantly questioning if the writer has ever meditated in her life . There is never silence , offering a chance to collect your own thoughts . Rather than bashing every track -LRB- which I could easily do -RRB- I will give one example . During the `` Muscular Relaxation '' track , the same saying is repeated over and over and over and over again for different parts of your body . There is no visualization and you know EXACTLY what will be said next after listening to the first three lines . In the end , I found that it makes me angrier rather than relaxed . Feel free to buy my copy .
 Usually I do n't write negative reviews but this tape is just the WORST . I bought it mainly because I was looking for a good relaxation tape to help me get to sleep and it got so many wonderful reviews that I picked it out of about 5 I was considering Every segment of this tape got on my nerves but the worst was the relaxation segment . He repeated the same four idiotic phrases for every part of the body that was supposed to be relaxing . For instance `` you will relax your feet , you feet will relax , your feet are relaxing , your feet are relaxed '' This phrase was repeated each and every time you were supposed to be relaxing different parts of your body . This tape got me more aggravated than relax me . The affirmations were also a joke . He repeated the same thing several times . Last but not least the visualization was ridiculous . I had a hard time trying to picture a rainbow entering my body and then changing colors from red to orange to yellow , etc. which was supposed to touch your inner organs and do I do n't know what . I guess I 've made my point ... save your money , do n't buy this tape .
 I 'm a big RIOT Fan from the early days . This is a lot heavier version of the band and was n't what I was hoping it would be . I just took a chance to see what they have done later . A lot of the people who like the heavier bands may enjoy this , it 's just not the sound I was hoping for .
 Amazon lists this as a 2007 release when in fact it dates from 1998 . In my view Bruno e Marrone have n't found their niche yet when they made this album . There are no memorable , melodious songs on this cd . As per another review of mine for this duo
 Well , I never thought that I 'd see the day that bands like these get record deals and put trash like this on the market . If you actually get brave enough to listen to this ` mined-numbin teknikalitee and brootality , ' you 'll hear nothing but noise . I 'm telling you this ahead of time . Whatever lyrics are discernable are of the most morbid and disgusting variety ... however I 'm not disturbed , or impressed . Oops ... looks like I missed the entire point of this album . These guys make Fred Durst look like an accomplished lyricist and songwriter . It 's sick . It 's stupid . It 's more immature than anything I 've ever seen or heard.You like metal ? You want something worth your while that shows excellent musicianship , yet explodes with heavyness ? Get something by Pantera , Mudvayne , or In Flames . That 's heavy .
 Hi they would have to be the worst band in the world . You propbably think im just a stupid pop fan who hates rock but actually no i like rock bands like system of a down . If you disagree with my review go look at the songs . If you think these songs are not horrible your either mental or you have a problem -LRB- e.g. depressed , hated , lonely , left out , beaten by parents , verbally abused , or sad -RRB- . Here is what cannibal corpse fans are usually like . Their usually poor , wear dirty clothing and dirty , have nasty parents , desperate for sex , have a crap payin job and a crap house if they live by themselves.Here are some true reasons why you should not buy this cd.no .1 they talk about raping ladies . no. 2 they recomend you kill yourself . no. 3 they say drugs are good . no. 4 they have done a song before which was talking about their sex life and who they have had sex with and raped . no. 5 this cd makes you depressed and it makes people who are all ready depressed even worse . no. 6 this album made some guy so depressed that he killed him self . no. 7 it gives you nightmares . no. 8 they where thought as one of the worlds bands with the worst lyrics and most untalented . So i would forget about them and get none of their albums and if you want to buy an album for a descent band go get albums by system of a down . They have never let me down and they are one of the most talented rock bands and they talk about more interesting things like social issues and whats happening around the world so atleast they sing about interesting things unlike those rock bands who just care about themselves and just sing about how they where unfortunate and hated , which i find is a load of crap because i knew a guy who used to go to my school who was beaten up every day and slept in a ward drobe and was taken away from his parents for being sexually abused .
 This band is horrible , all of there songs sound the same . You cant understand the singer , it sounds like he has something stuck in his throat and is trying to get it out , if you dont believe me listen to the clips . They may be able to play there instruments fast but thats all , this is not real metal , this is just a horrible excuse for music . I cant believe they have fans . Listen to some real metal like metallica or even slipknot , who cares , just not these guys .
 It 's the same song looped over and over , they just start playing it from different parts so they trick you and make you think it 's a different song . You got tricked !
 Cannibal Corpse are probably the worst death metal band ive ever heard !! I mean it 's just some messed up riffs not even played on a proper scale with heavy distortion !! Im only 13 years old and im sure i could play better.And the songs , OMG they all sound the same with the gore lyrics!This is definitely not worth anything !! If u want some good technical death metal listen to bands like Crpytopsy and stuff like that .
 I do n't think Cannibal Corpse are bad musicians . Enjoying death metal or not is a question of musical taste , every person has its own . And , inside a genre , of course there are good and bad musicians.I 'm not discussing the quality of CAnnibal Corpse 's musicians . I 'm discussing their character , their personality . What kind of person would , given the opportunity to make a record deal to record aggressive and no commercial music , use this opportunity to write such disgusting , bad , mean , obnoxious , insane , malevolent and utter evil lyrics ? Why would a musician in his right frame of mind do it ?!! WHy would them hire artists to draw such evil cover arts ? I 'm not saying `` evil '' in the religious sense , I mean evil in ideas , in character.I hate this band with all my heart -LRB- and this an evil feeling , I know ! -RRB- and I hope they dissapear forever .
 Cannibal Corpse is bad . They are mainly for people who think that talent involves shocking people . CC is , in a way , the Eminem of death metal . If you want truly good death metal , I suggest you check out Nile or Opeth , or maybe In Flames and At The Gates . All four of those bands can both sing and play cirlces around CC . Do not buy this .
 This CD is bizarre , the band is bizarre . It is bad produced , unhearable because of the weight of the guitars and the growls of the singer . Skip it at all costs if you can .
 These death metal bands are retarded , and so are the jerks who listen to them . They all sound the same , some dude grunting into a mic while some more dudes bang on instruments in the background . The lyrics sound like some grade school game of gross-out , or else they 're like , `` Let 's say some really cruel and hateful stuff about Jesus , that 'll really piss off the Christians , and maybe we 'll get some attention . '' Too bad , it does n't work , because no one can understand what the hell they 're saying anyway . I ca n't believe anyone actually writes this stuff , and they do n't need to rehearse because who could tell otherwise ? Why do these people hate Jesus so much anyway ? Did He really do something to them ? Do they hate Him because he neglected to bless them with actual musical talent ? What is it ? Ah who cares , I 'm sure He 's not worried about it . He probably just laughs and says `` Boy have I got a surprise for those guys when they die . '' Anyway , the only reason I 'm wondering about this is because it disturbs me to see anybody hating something or someone that much without even really having a reason . It 's not evil , it 's just sad . And if these dudes do n't believe in God or whatever , then why spend so much time dissin ' on Him ? If they had any talent , they would n't need to stoop so low to get attention . But there ya go - IF . I just feel sorry for the people who convince themselves this is great , powerful music , just so they can be `` different . '' It 's silly .
 Nothing to say , this is just crap .
 IM AHUGE FAN OF DEATH METAL BUT THESE GUYS ARE JUST WRONG THEY NEED HELP SERIOUSLY . YOU WANT SOME GOOD DEATH METAL TRY CRIMSON THORN , SO MUCH BETTER THAN THESE GUYS WITHOUT THE SICK GORE AND FILTH .
 For some reason I came across these guys on Amazon and was curious as to what they sounded like . I listened to them on the Amazon sound clip and found out THEY BLOW !!! I could n't understand a damn word this guy was saying and could tell the difference between these `` so called song '' . They have absolutely no talent at all .
 This is so bad-taste , I ca n't understand why some people like a band like that , with no good songs at all . Even in death metal genre , there are hundreds of better bands .
 This is such a pointless band . All it is is ear candy . They can pound on their guitars and scream bloody murder , but are they any GOOD ? Hardly . Every guitar riff is the same throughout the whole cd , all the lyrics are more repetitive than Jay Leno 's jokes . And you can tell it does n't take much intelligence to write on of their songs , look , I 'll write one for you here : Kill scum Eat Maggots GRrrrrrrrrrrRRR Guuuuuuur growwwwwwwwwwwllll GRAP AHHHHHHH worms in hole eat dead body CARCASS !
 Wow , it just never ends , does it ? People , listen . This is not `` eckstreeeeeeem brootalitie '' . This is not `` da bezzzt meddle see-dee evurr mayd '' . This is not `` reeeeeel medddle nd slippnott r fayk pozur wannabeeeez '' . This is just noise . It would seriously give me a headache if it were actually remotely heavy.I think I know how this band was formed . One day , a talentless jazz ensemble was playing a gig , and after ten years on the circuit , they were still getting booed off . So instead of continuing the path they were on , the lead singer suggested , `` Hey guys , let 's just ditch this whole jazz thing and become a complete novelty act ! We 'll just bang on our instruments like a bunch of intellect-impaired rhesus monkeys , and I 'll just belch out lyrics about stupid , ` scary ' stuff ! '' When the other members took interest , well , Cannibal Corpse was born.Is it death metal you want ?? Check out Napalm Death or early Fear Factory . Is it garbage you want ? Well , you 've found it .
 I have a question for all the people who like this music ... WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU !?!?! How can you say this is violent music ? You ca n't even understand what he 's saying . And the music it self sounds like they all got high on crack picked up an instrument , and started playing . And for all of you who thinks this will scare KoRn fans , your wrong . They 'll be crying alright , but only because they 'll be laughing so hard ! There are no meaning to the lyrics at all , he is n't any goods at song writing . And the vocals suck as much as everything else.Anyone can yell into a microphone , and talk about the many ways a person can die . All in all , if your planning on buying this CD do n't . Buy something worth what it costs . KoRn is your best bet . I know in other reviews , im going to get alot of angry feedback , but guess what ? Everything i just said was true .
 i ca n't believe how they sound what the hell is this i thought marilin manson is horrible but manson would never stoop this low it sounds like they are foaming at the mouth if this was my rating i would say 0.0
 Im a big fan of metal.I love Slayer and Pantera as well as Metallica.When I bought this I was just curious to see what it would sound like.Now I see I wasted my money.All the songs sound the same and the singer absolutely sucks.Sure they can play fast but so can lots of other artists.Fast guitars should be the least important element in music.Its all about the songs and all these sick twisted folks write is crap about incest and rape.How entertaining -LRB- if you can tell Im being sarcastic -RRB- . Please do not buy this worthless garbage.Thank you .
 Well , if this is CC best album ever , I imagine their worst ... This is another piece of junk released by the worst band on Earth , a band led by talentless musicians . And some people still buy it ... I 'd rather buy Madonna albums than the albums by these sick guys ...
 THis album should n't even be in the `` music '' category at Amzon , so bad it is . A total waste of time , money and everything . The `` musicians '' of this band should have their minds examined ...
 For all of you people who say things like `` Cannibal Corpse Rocks ! `` well my friend , you are sooooo wrong.You cant understand a word that the lead singer says , but if you look at the CD tracks , you will be given an idea that they sing about nothing but death.All death metal , in my opinion at least , is stupid.It is nothing but a lead singer grunt screaming while the guitarist plays guitar distorted while the drummer bangs on his drum at the speed of light.That is exactly what this band is.If you want some good music , check out some alternative rock .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 Just plain stupid . Cannibal Corpse has got to be the lamest band I have ever heard of , I would laugh my ass off listening to these guys for about 15 minutes and then I would get bored of hearing the same song over and over again . Even if the music is complicated to play-so what ? That does n't make it good . Nor does the fact that they use `` scary '' lyrics to try and impress metal heads who are sick of the `` stupid posers '' taking over the airwaves . Hey , I 've barely hung around the metal genre , but that does n't make me inept from telling that these guys are posers themselves . Why ? Because all their albums are practically exact copies -LRB- like posers -RRB- , they do n't really have any musical talent -LRB- like posers -RRB- and they try and use lame shock attempts to make a few bucks -LRB- like posers -RRB- . Hey , instead of listening to corpse griner belch about killing or eating somebody , why do n't you listen to someone who has something actually worth listening to ? This crap might be fun for the few weeks but in the end all it turns out to be is crap . Think about it .
 this is the worst band evermany have said how this band is talented and crap like that but this is nothing but predictable , disgusting trash
 Cannibal Corpse ... now I know these guys are supposed to be the next big thing in Death Metal , but honestly , this band is bad . Yes , the guitar solo 's are good , the guitars are good , the drummer is alright , and as for the bass player , you could never hear him becasue of the guitars . There are too many times in their songs where they sound as if they 're playing any random note or chord . Now do n't get me wrong , I 'm a big fan of heavy metal ... but this stuff is just horrible and stupid . How perverted are these lyrics ... constantly talking about all of this gore crap in ALL of their songs ? I mean ask yourselves , what is the point about CONSTANTLY singing about raping , tortuing , and beating women , killing people , ripping out people 's insides , ripping off people 's skin , talking about certain body parts , butchuring and killing babies , talking about maggots , venom , and death ? -LRB- just to name a few of the VARIOUS gory topics they talk about -RRB- and just writing horrible music like that ? I mean these guys think its cool and think it 's a joke but it is n't . The guys from Cannibal Corpse keep talking in their interviews about how their lyrics are n't supposed to be taken seriously , but if that 's true , then why are so many people mad about it ? I thought heavy metal lyrics were supposed to be about your emotions and feelings , or about how you 're angry at life , how you 're sick of certain things . I thought lyrics were supposed to be meaningful . Cannibal Corspe is heavy no doubt about that , they 're probably the heaviest band you 'll meet . But I do n't feel right listening to their songs , realizing that this is the stuff they talk about . You can be able to tell that this is a putrid band just by looking at the artwork on the CD cover or the song titles . But you know something , I think these guys are doing it just for the attention , to be honest . No one else has written these kinds of lyrics before , no one has made violent graphic disturbing artwork on a CD cover like this . I really think this is done only for attention . Everybody likes them because of how `` cool '' and `` tough '' Cannibal Corpse looks . Cannibal Corpse probably thinks that takling about beating women , killing babies , and all of that sort makes them look tough , and is a way of selling albums . Oh yeah , that 's tough , but I bet that they never have the balls to do that in real life . It should be illegal to write music like this . Why write lyrics about things that happen in for other people 's unfortune in real life ? This stuff should n't be taken lightly and taken as a joke , it should n't . The band Cannibal Corpse has been a band for about over a decade , and made LOTS of albums , but the sad thing is , they have n't changed their lyric style AT ALL . A whole decade of nothing but `` GRRRRR EEEEEEEE , smelling a girl 's insides , it was so enchanting , EEEEEEEE , I raped her and then beat her on the head with shot gun , while masterbating to it , EEEEEE OOOOOOOOOOH , and it was exicitng , then I go outside , and see zombies , EEEEE , with venom and blood dripping from their heads , and maggots flying out of their skulss , EEEEEE then I hack out their brains then eat the brains , the gooey water flowing from their insides tasted good to me as I drunk it up , GRRRRRRR , OOOOOOOH , EEEEEE '' in ALL of their songs . I mean how stupid is that . See , even I can write a Cannibal Corpse song , I just did when I just gave you that example . Seriously , anyone can just sit down and write gory scary lyrics like that , I bet even a 6 year old could do it . I mean I 'd rather listen to Avril Lavigne than to listen to this . And their music is not THAT great . The solos are good , but just the music they play in general gets old after a while , becuase all of their songs sound the same and you ca n't tell the difference between any of them . This is n't good music at all . This band would be a whole lot better if it was n't for the extremely perverted lyrics , and if they started being more organized with their music , becuase like I said , their are parts in their songs where it seriously sounds like they 're just playing any random note/beat/chord . This is not worth your time listening to at all . Listen to some good metal bands like Lamb of God , Black Label Society , As I Lay Dying , Trivium , Rammstein , System of a Down , Static-X , Necrophagist , Mastodon , and the best guitarist ever , Jimmy Hendrix . Just do n't waste your time on this ... it 's not music , just garbage .
 How the hell have these idiots managed to sell after all these years ? All their songs sound the same ! ROO ! ROO ! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! Basically , who wants to hear songs like Force Fed Broken Glass , I C -- Blood and Hammer Smashed face ? I urge anyone to listen to better music , like NOFX , Craig Mack , 2Pac , Biggie , or The Distillers , just to name a few.Peace
 AC/DCEarly Judas Priest -LRB- i.e. Sad Wings of Destiny - Hell Bent For Leather -RRB- Metallica 's First Three Albums.Deep PurpleDef Leppard 's First Two Albums.Faith No MoreGuns 'n' RosesKing 's XLed ZeppelinOzzy OsbourneRushScorpionsVan Halen ... . In other words , old school metal!That said , you could do worse than Cannibal Corpse , for example Cradle of Filth . George Fisher himself said , `` You know what would be great ? If we did an album without any f ****** lyrics , and I just went ` Rah rah rah ' and just made ... the song titles the most disgusting , horrible graphic , songs you could ever imagine , and then they start talking s *** -LRB- about the songs -RRB- and we 'll be like , ` Well , there are no lyrics . ' '' In other words , do n't take these lyrics too seriously . What really turns me off to this band is the singing . To put it simply , DEATH METAL GROWLING/SCREAMING/BURPING SUCKS !!! It 's not `` hardcore '' or `` ear shredding '' or anything else you want to call it , it just sucks . There are no musical qualities to death metal singing . In fact , if a death metal band suddenly had a change of heart and hired a REAL singer , I would be their biggest fans . The closest thing we have to something like that today is Avenged Sevenfold . Until that happens , death metal will not earn anything more than two stars from me . -LRB- Man , was that review off-topic . -RRB-
 It 's so ... inspiringI love CC ! They 're my idols ! This is the cd I play when I have ` fun ' tee hee hee.Unfortunately it has been confiscated as I am now on death row charged with murdering my girlfriend . What was my motive ? She was so beautiful I just had to kill her . Plus its economic since now I have : A trendy new belt made from her vertebraA pair of nipple earringsA new blood goblet from her hollowed-out skullA nice blond scalp . . err wigA new body suitAnd enough stew to last me for months ! It 's great ! Just add a bit a cumin , some cardamom pods and a cinnamon stick . Yum!Anyhoo ! Have fun listening to this great , educational and exciting cd kiddies !
 Seriously , what deranged lunatic would appreciate this music . Just listening to the sound bites is enough to make my skin crawl . I felt like I needed to take a shower afterwards.This is just pure demonic works . Music ? No . Force fed broken glass ? Sick.I wish I could give this album and every single one a negative 5 . Actually I wish I could remove every single album that every person owns and have a huge bonfire in celebration of the destruction of that crap.Would you want your son or daughter listening to that?Is that becoming of a person?If you could care less what your children listen to , that 's the reason for the endless cycle of mayhem and violence we see today . Parents could care less , so children end up not caring , their children , and on and on and on . So sad.Parents , pay attention to what your kids listen to !!! If you find they listen to this stuff -LRB- crap -RRB- , get them to psychological counseling now !! PRAY !!! This is the crap that breeds serial killers !!!
 Whether the lyrics are meant for shocking purposes or not , if you like a band that has songs like `` Stripped , Raped , and Strangled '' or '' She was asking for it '' , I hope you feel proud of yourself . Sure , I thought their last album was terrific , but The Bleeding is from way back when Chris Barnes was still in the band . While his growls are still very cool -LRB- unlike his current garbage band -RRB- , the music on this disc is typical , generic early ` 90s death metal with some of the most immature lyrics ever layed down on paper . It 's been re-issued with a bonus song-a cover of Possessed 's `` The Exorcist '' and the video for `` Staring through the eyes of the dead '' .
 The Bleeding is a definite disappointment after CC 's masterpiece `` Tomb of the Mutilated '' . Tracks like `` stripped ... '' have a good intro , but then fall apart . There are no sustained brutal sections that are worth listening . Only a few sections stand out , aspects which make this album fall from expectations .
 in an earlier review it was stated that if you did n't like the vocals or ideas behind this band , you were shallow-minded . that 's to suggest that these ideals are `` deep '' , which is sad if you think about it.i listened to a few samples off of these guys , expecting to be thoroughly dissapointed . however , surprisingly , it 's not in musicianship that they lack , and i do n't even like death metal . the problem here is the cheesy , overdone vocals and lyrics . the rest of the work on the album loses credibility as well due to the fact that it is used to send out such a heinous message.CC fails to be practical , sensible , you name it . saying that this kind of thing is for the `` open-minded '' is a bit much . talking about rape ? not cool . using the term figuratively is one thing but discussing it like this is both selfish and naive . CC will never in their lives experience something as brutal and psychologically underminding as rape and they have no right to sing about it . if it 's art , then it 's art at the expense of others , which they fail to realize . maybe it 's not art to them , maybe this is all some big joke . i would hope so . in fact , soem of their lyrics just make me wan na crack up . however , as a final word , being this insensitive is inhuman and does n't deserve the funding it receives . in fact , without all that money , i doubt they would be singing about such things . learn to put things in perspective CC .
 i respect cannibal corpse and all the INSTRUMENTS . the guitar and bass is great and the drums 4 hardcore . but the singer has no musical talent ! dont get me wrong i love metal i listen 2 mudvayne slipknot cradle of filth and i hate it when people say they have no musical talent but this band.i know a band isnt about vocals but these vocals just ruin the instruments . i wouldnt even bother
 I can listen to this one just about anywhere . It is one of the few albums that I own that I can grab , throw in the car , and know I will want to listen to it . It has everything I want , relentless double bass , cool guitar riffs , good flow , vocal style that works with the music and not against it . On a side note I would recommend this album to anybody who is developing a need for more extreme types of music . Although I prefer the newer albums this is the album that got me interested in Cannibal Corpse .
 I 'm a big heavy / trash metal , hard-rock fan and I 'd like to say something about Cannibal Corpse . People who like their sound , thinking that `` death metal '' is really radical , different and non-commercial , should think different . This band is more commercial than Madonna , Michael Jackson or Back Street Kids . Although they make much less money than the stars I quoted , they do n't play nothing ! Under the cover of `` having an attitude '' , they maintain a public without composing good songs , without at least improving in their own musical style and entire songs with only three or for accords . Who is more commercial ?
 It 's not like I hate Black Metal and Death Metal but I think this album is very low class garbage that is put out to attract the `` freaks '' . The `` freaks '' try to scare everyone by liking bands with messages that your mother would shun . It 's all for shock and attention . I bought this cd for 7 dollars from a street side vendor and I think it really is n't good . The one high pitched screaming person is really annoying and adds nothing to the song except laughability . Give me a break you `` tortured souls '' . Buyer beware , if you buy this , it will not make you cool or strange . Just really stupid for letting a talentless band like this sell things and making them popular . Cradle of Filth and Meshuggah run circles around this one trick pony .
 IF YOUR A COLLECTOR AND THINK YOUR GETTING A UNIQUE RECORDING OF YOUR FAVORITE SINGER , YOUR NOT . THESE ARE ALL AVAILABLE ON VERVE . ED SULLIVAN 'S NAME DOES N'T EVEN APPEAR ON THE CD !
 Even though the story is still fascinating , the 1931 verison of the Opera is NOT brought well to the screen . Compared with other movies from the time , some of the characters seem very flat , especially Mr. Peachum 's wife . Even Mack the Knife is not the character , Brecht intended . He and the great composer K.Weill were right to leave the production before it was completed.Nevertheless a must for film historians .
 I 'm a DJ . When I do club gigs , I have to play what the people like . One of the `` occupational hazards '' is the fact that I have to cop wack material because the zombies eat it up . So , like I said in the title , I needed the instrumental for Candy Shop so I could do certain mixes and blends . Otherwise I would 've never come within 20 feet of this disc.I must say though , Scott Storch 's production on this track is actually nice -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- and I used to bump the instrumental on the regular for about two months after it dropped . That 's why I gave this single two stars instead of one.I 'm glad that Disco Inferno only appears once because it 's straight garbage . But , again , I had to spin that too ... unfortunately . It does n't come with an instrumental version , but that does n't matter because even the beat -LRB- supplied by C. Styles & Bang Out -RRB- is kind of wack.Not that it matters , but if you put this CD in your computer , you can watch the horrid video for Candy Shop . Why anyone would want to is beyond me though.Avoid this one like the plague unless you have to spin it too .
 I WAS IN CONTACT WITH BULL DURHAM WAY BACK WHEN . AT THAT TIME I GOT COPIES OF `` SONGS OF SEA '' AND `` SONGS OF SAC '' ON AUDIO TAPE . I HAVE BEEN EAGERLY AWAITING THE RELEASE OF THESE SELECTIONS ON C/D . THEY ARE GREAT . TELLING THE STORY OF OUR MEN IN THE ARMED SERVICES IN SOMETIMES SOMBER BUT USUALLY HUMOUROUS AND ALWAYS ACCURATE AND ENTERTAINING SONG . I CAN NOT BEGIN TO EXPRESS MY EXCITEMENT AT LEARNING I CAN NOW HAVE THESE SONGS ON C/D . I VERY HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS SELECTION TO ANYONE EVEN REMOTELY INTERESTED IN AVIATION AND THE ARMED FORCES , VERY ENTERTAINING . THANK YOU `` AMAZON FOR '' FOR MAKING THIS SELECTION AVAILABLE AND THANK YOU BULL DURHAM FOR IT 'S CREATION . GOD BLESS OUR MEN IN DEFENSE OF OUR NATION AND MOST IMPORTANTLY GOD BLESS AMERICA .
 Being an enthusiast of both the Beatles and Bossa Nova , it was natural for `` Beatles in Bossa Nova '' to peak my curiosity . The previous glowing reviews convinced me to invest in this tribute . Those reviewers have lost all creditability because this CD is simply awful . First , this is n't really Bossa Nova . This is elevator style smooth jazz with a Bossa feel . While the notes claim that this blooper was made in Brazil , it sounds painfully gringo . Second , the production is cornball . Most instruments are synthesized . Though released in 1990 , there are enough synthesizers and cheesy keyboards to sound like 1982 . Third , the musicians gave uninspiring and lifeless performances . The vocals sound like something off the Lawrence Welk show circa 1964 . By a group called Brazilian Tropical Orchestra , I expected and even hoped for a little cheesiness - but this more than what any mortal listener can tolerate . If you want to verify my review , call your bank 's customer service department and listen to the background music while you 're on hold . The failure of this tribute is especially apparent when compared to the success of like-minded projects such as `` Bossa N ' Stones '' and `` Bossa N ' Marley . '' With so many good Beatles tributes , it 's a shame to waste your money and ears on `` Beatles in Bossa Nova . ''
 Love Brazil , love the Beatles , hate this record ! Cheesy , embarrassing elevator music . Waste of money.Enough said.Stay with the same series that produced Bossa N stones .
 necrophilia , butchery , cannibalism , what mature metal fan could possibly like these subjects . Yup , back in third grade i thought cannibalism was cool . . then i grew up . Honestly folks . The music is pretty boring and uninspired too . Grow up folks .
 I like Cannibal Corpse but god can they get off all gorecore stuff for at least one song . I mean how old are they and all they talk about is killing and all that stuff . I could understand a couple of songs but not EVERYONE they make . At least bands like Nile talk about something interesting and not about killing 24/7 . I acually change my mind I dont like them at all , I think I 'll stick with Nile . Later
 CC 's second album helped to define their sound . This is the album where the ultra heavy tones , indiscernable grunting , and pure masochism truly comes out . Unfortunately , the results are n't that pleasant . The lyrics are grotesque , but not as amusing as the previous album and the vocals are n't any better . The guitarwork is heavy and the riffs are cool , especially on the breakdown parts of Meat Hook Sodomy and Gutted . The best parts of the album ? The cover image is wicked cool and the album was banned in numerous countries , including Germany . Other than that , this is a poor example of talented death metal .
 cant believe kids like this ... it sounds like the cookie monster singing along to some bad metal ... the album covers are very entertaining and thats pretty much it ... if you want real metal , listen to Winger ... haha just kidding ... kids , please just listen to Slayer ... no gimicks with those guys ... the read deal ... this is just trying to be scary , and it is not scaring me ...
 Okay , first off , I would like to say that I do not wish to offend any and all fans of this `` band '' and the `` music '' they make . Buying this record , looking past the obscene cover , and listening through the `` inkredible brootality '' wo n't make you anything special . This is one of the reasons I tend to dislike death metal . The guitarists sound like monkeys playing , the drums sound like firecrackers going off in a washing machine and the `` singer '' sounds like he 's being -LSB- edit -RSB- and ` singing ' about it . I understand that many people appreciate the , er , ` TALENT ' present and find this aurally pleasing . All I 'm saying is , please , do n't give these guys your money . Some kid somewhere is gon na see this and think it 's the greatest thing . The kid could be a little iffy and take it all the wrong way . How can people blame Columbine on Manson when this heap is on the market ? Go listen to some post-Morbid Visions Sepultura instead . Or Opeth . Or Dream Theater . Or Limp Bizkit -LRB- eh ... -RRB- . It 's all much , much , better than this .
 Butchered at Birth is the sixth Cannibal Corpse cd I have bought in the last month , but this is the worst . It starts with a two minuite boring intro then breaks into the worst sounding CC album put to disk . The guitars sound like pawn shop specials , run through a five dollar stomp box . . I have gotten better recordings on my four track . The riffs and songs are generic and sound like a garage band doing an immitation of CC . There are very few lead breaks or memorable riffs . Overall , a very generic death album , only for the die hard CC fans . If you want to hear good Cannibal Corpse , start with The Bleeding , or Bloodthirsty .
 First off I would like to say I am a heavy metal fan I 'm into bands like Pantera , Anthrax , Slipknot , and Black Sabbath among others but this crap is the stupidiest stuff I have ever or will ever hear in my lifetime . the person who buys this sh*t is more disturbed than the band themselves . the riffs are great but the vocalist sings like a cow on crack and it just ruins the whole music aspect andit makes you quiver in disbalief that this crap actually has a cult followig . this band is too crazy and/or retarded to listen to so please dont waste your valuable time and money on this garbage
 How can you people listen to this crap ? I just listened to the samples , and it sounds like the same song ... a boring and highly monotonous song I might add ... my god , this `` music '' is crap ...
 I know how are CC band members
 Wow , screaming as if something is wrong with you can get you fans.This band represents everything that is wrong with music.It also has a horrible cd cover.How sick are they.I admit , I do listen to some metal.But I hate all of that devil worshipping garbage.Stay away from this garbage.Peace Out .
 Learn to play music . They sound like cavemen beating thier guitars .
 You kidding me ? ... ppl keep giving bad reviews to ppl like ashle simpson and the like and suggest that ppl lsiten to talented muscians like these guys ... they have less talent that ashlee and the others they trash all day long ... anyone can make this music ... grunt and howl like a demon and pull the strings on your gutiar . . and you have done it ... wow what talent ...
 This is the worst form of noise I 've heard in my life . The songwriting is bad and repetitive . And of course , the cover art is the worse thing on the planet . It makes me sick to look at it . The repeat the same thing with each disc they release . Cannibal Corpse is the worst band on Earth . Want metal ? Try Slayer or Pantera . Metallica 's first five CDs would do just fine .
 The cover to Butchered At Birth is the worst I 've seen ! C'mon people ! Cannibal Corpse does n't have any talent at all ! I would give this album no stars , but that was n't an option . Death metal could n't get any worse than this . End .
 That 's all I really want to know ... does the lead singer for Cannibal Corpse eat like all kinds of food to back him up then load up on bran the morning of the recording session and sit on a toilet with a microphone and just PUSH all that waste out ? It sure sounds like that may be the case with those vocals . Go listen to Today Is The Day
 I checked my order history thinking it may have been an accident , but it is not on there . Also , I am not able to verify my purchase so amazon also has no record of it . It came under my name from amazon with the same tracking number as another package . HOW DID THIS HAPPEN ? I DO NOT WANT THIS ITEM IN MY HOUSE ! I will post a picture if you do n't believe me .
 For death metal , this sounds like garbage . The drums are poorly miked , the guitars sound condensed and Chris Barnes , like always , can not sing . There are a few decent riffs on this album , but overall it 's a disappointment considering all of the praise it gets . Get Vile instead
 It seems to me that Cannibal Corpse gets alot of publicity merely because of their sick , perverted , vile and disgusting subject matter . Butchered At Birth is really just another Cannibal Corpse album . Heavy , fast , aggressive , intense , and shocking lyrics.Its not an album that breaks new ground , and it wo n't convert anybody to metal . The fact is , if you 're looking for good death metal , look elsewhere . Go buy Slayer 's `` Reign In Blood '' or `` Show No Mercy '' . They are ten times better than any of Cannibal Corpse 's albums . The only people i can recommend this album to are Cannibal Corpse fans , extreme metal fans , those who already have all of Slayer 's and Nevermore 's releases , or those who are just sick and disgusting people like Cannibal Corpse .
 CC is pretty bad compared to other metal bands . But WHAT ... is up with them ? They must be very disturbed , their song titles and lyrics go to the point of being ridiculously obscene . Man .
 This is sooo funny . I was browsing around and decided to listen to this CD . It took me a few minutes to stop laughing at it . The music was not too bad , but the vocals , oh god the vocals ... This guy sounds like a pit bull that swallowed a rusty chainsaw and now he 's singing with it . I could n't understand a single word . Most people say that about most metal , but this is the epitimy of that statement . Take a listen to the samples for a good chuckle .
 This CD was butchered at the start , due to the previous records made by this so-called `` band '' . I listened to it hoping that the lyrics would stop being so demented and we could hear the singer singing anything , bu thtat did n't happen .
 Man , what junk . The music is actually hard to listen to . Whatever happened to melody . Or rythm , or talent.Now , most of you say , `` This is Hardcore Death Metal !!! Woot !! '' , I do n't give one rat 's ... what type of music it is , it 's just poor.If I could play an intramet I 'd be in a band , and not writing this review . But I know a band that knows only 3 chords and plays those sloppy when I hear one . And this is just junk ... , the whole `` look at the depressing world as it is '' theme is so overused and just plain old childish . If you want to be in a band , have something worth while to say , or say nothing at all.Anyone who thinks this is neat , get a bloody life .
 Well , this is disgusting , and this is coming from someone who is an avid listener of extreme Metal . This is not `` extreme '' . This sounds like a bunch of clueless hacks messing around with their instruments . There 's no organization at all . What about the song titles ? `` Meat hook sodomy '' ? `` Under the rotted flesh '' ? `` BUTCHERED AT BIRTH '' ???? Boy , nothing gets me off and running like a good old song about infanticide . When I first read the lyrics to `` Meat hook sodomy '' , I had to hold in the vomit and remind myself that it was just a Metal song . I 've got news for their fans
 This cd and this band are the answer to the Columbine shootings . Shocking , scandalous , sick , repulsive , untalented ! And most of all TOTALLY EVIL BEYOND RECONGNITION ! If you 're smart , than stay away from Cannibal Corpse . The cover art to `` Butchered '' is undoubtably the worst ever ! I would give zero stars , but that was n't a choice .
 okay before you read this you 'll probably think `` yeah another one of those limp bizkit/metallica poser wimps you thinks that he knows everything about metal and just ca n't deal with the heavyness and genius of this album '' . wrong . i 've been into all kinds of extreme metal from sheer hardcore metal -LRB- pissing razors , hatebreed etc. -RRB- over death metal -LRB- nile , krisiun , lamb of god etc. -RRB- , over grindcore -LRB- napalm death , coalesce etc. -RRB- to the most extreme technical metal -LRB- dillinger escape plan , strapping young lad , meshuggah etc. -RRB- . so much for my qualifications . i personally think that this album is just plain boring . it has these pseudo-tough lyrics that make me laugh , also the vocalists growl seems week , the guitar player is able to play about 3 chords . it does n't have the sheer ripping power and speed of napalm death , not the technical , cutting insanity of strapping young lad or dillinger escape plan , not the blunt brutality of let 's say deicide or nile , not the straight ahead , in-your-face exploding power of pissing razors or brujeria . i think this is dull , repetetive ... simply boring . get some of the aforementioned bands they are simply better .
 This and all other Cannibal Corpse albums are ridiculous . Do n't waste your precious money . This is laughable . The only thing you hear is grunting ... Very funny , though ... Do yourself a favor and go to Black Metal
 I ca n't believe people waste and ruin their lives on this garbage . And I thought Slipknot was terrible . I might as well form a gore-metal band and hire an amatuer drummer , two guitarists who know about maybe two or three chords , and an average bassist . As a vocalist , I will write gross , sick , and perverted lyrics , and make silly grunts , grumbles , and gurgling noises while saying only half the lyrics . As a band , we will write sick and repulsive subject matter just to shock the public and make people feel sick , make gross and graphic cover art -LRB- especially horrible ones agianst women -RRB- to do just the same , make nothing but sick noise instead of music , and send violent messeges through our `` music '' in order for our fans and listeners to commit all sorts of acts of violence , and walla ! You have another gore-metal band just like Cannibal Corpse . And do n't forget another school shooting .
 Cannibal Corpse repeats in this CD their sick formula of demented and disgusting lyrics -LRB- nobody knows why -RRB- , without adding nothing to death metal , unlike Slayer , which still are great , Exodus and others . It does n't worth the price .
 This CD only makes me laugh , because it is one of the greatest swindles of all time . The band ca n't play , ca n't sing and ca n't write `` lyrics '' -LRB- if you can call them that ! -RRB- , and even being this way the can sell their records to people . Amazing !
 You all really need to get laid sometime
 I feel sorry for those sad bastards , the musicians are very talented people whom invevsted many hours in getting that good , but they are no longer retaining euphoria , what is the point to live ? these guys are better off dead . What has compeled these sickos to draw cover art of little babies getting ripped apart and killed ? this is sick . How jaded has society really become ? If I could give 0 stars I would .
 Well , I do n't know where to start . I guess I 'll qualify my comment at least somewhat . I 've been very involved with many types of music for years and play a wide variety of instruments and listen to a very broad selection of music . I had heard this name in passing as something that is just plain , uncalled-for heavy . I listened to 4-5 tracks , and sadly , this does not qualify as music in the slightest . I do play guitar , and enjoy some heavier music , and realize that these guys , especially the drummer , are fairly talented at making fast noise . The bass drum lines are quite crisp but straight 32nd 's does not make an interesting piece . Also open string tremolo picking only holds up for so long . Vocals ? What vocals ? The grunts are simply that
 I think you might of sent the wrong C.D. I got `` Coming Up To Breathe '' instead of `` Undone '' , but it 's alright as long as it 's MercyMe !
 I agree with what earlier reviewer `` linnar13 '' commented . I also love MercyMe 's first two albums , esp . the 2nd one `` Spoken For '' . And I pre-ordered this one , `` Undone '' , even before the 30-second sound tracks were available , and got it right after it was released . I was n't very impressed by any of those songs . But I think , though this time God does n't speak to me through this album , songs in it can still bring blessings to other brothers and sisters who like this type of melody/lyrics . So , I praise God for that . In this way , I am not very disappointed , because I still have other 100 + / - CDs to enjoy . Just one suggestion , before you make your purchase decision , be sure to listen to those sound tracks to make sure you like it . God bless !
 this c.d. does ` nt have the passion as the other c.d.s!I was at a brean chritian center and saw a sign that said : coming soon from mercy me!Undone.I could n't wait to purchase this so i did . I bought it for the songs here with me and homesick.Those are the only songs i like on this album.This is nowhere near as good as almost there and i have n't purchased spoken for so i do n't know about that one.You might want to buy their other c.d.s then buy this.Well , talk to ya next review !
 I 've heard other MercyMe stuff , so when I borrowed this CD from a friend , I was hoping to hear the same type of thing . I was so disppointed ! It simply does not measure up to I Can Only Imagine and some of their other songs . I was not impressed with this CD at all .
 I loved the first 2 CD 's then this one came out . I really looked in forward to see this one released . Then I put it in my CD player and the CD was so bad I could n't believe it . I know Mercy Me can do better . I just listen to the first 2 and forget I have this one .
 IF YOUR A COLLECTOR AND THINK YOUR GETTING A UNIQUE RECORDING OF YOUR FAVORITE SINGER , YOUR NOT . THESE ARE ALL AVAILABLE ON VERVE . ED SULLIVAN 'S NAME DOES N'T EVEN APPEAR ON THE CD !
 The National Lampoon name has been purchased by a group that has no sense of humor whatever but intends to market old properties and mix in new junk , betting you ca n't tell the difference until after you buy it . Although this CD is listed as being from the NatLamp Radio Hour , I do n't recognize any of the voices and did n't find ANYTHING funny . I advise against purchasing . -LRB- By the way , Amazon has this listed twice
 The National Lampoon name has been purchased by a group that has no sense of humor whatever but intends to market old properties and mix in new junk , betting you ca n't tell the difference until after you buy it . Although this CD is listed as being from the NatLamp Radio Hour , I do n't recognize any of the voices and did n't find ANYTHING funny . I advise against purchasing . -LRB- By the way , Amazon has this listed twice
 Of all the Icon series discs , the Duke 's disc audio was not a pleasure to hear .
 This EP does not even match their style on Lightning to the Nations . This is a waste of money . Take the $ you were going to spend and buy something else . If you do n't you will be vey disapointed
 I often grab CDs on clearance not knowing a thing about them beyond that they look like a metal album . I 'm surprised at how often these $ 1-2 gambles pay off with a great album I would n't otherwise have heard . Of course , I also get a few duds along the way . Case in point
 I love Marvin Sewell , I think he is a brilliant guitarist , but I was struggling to enjoy this material , which I found dreary and uninspiring . Artists must have room to express what they feel , so i wont complain too much and I dont mind buying the record . But I hope he does more of the stuff that really gets folks alive and grooving .
 Aside from a sexy , yet very limited female singer with a really annoying voice who liked to prance around in S&M ; gear on the band 's live shows , Bitch really had nothing going on for it , since their painfully generic brand of heavy metal sounded pedestrian and unimaginative even by 1983 's laxer standards.In fact , now that I remember , Betsy Weiss was n't really that hot , but since heavy metal at the time was a proverbial sausage fest , we horny teenage headbangers held on to even the slightest shred of femininity we could get our lustful paws on , regardless of talent.But wait , even all the crass , sexually charged marketing tricks in the book could n't save this project from commercial failure , to the point that in 1988 the band decided to tone down the S&M ; image and changed its name to Betsy , trying to re launch its vocalist as a slightly less pretty Lita Ford , with even worse results.The band changed its name back to Bitch in 1989 for a last jab at success , but since the heavy metal buying public demonstrated much more intelligence than it 's normally credited for , it would thankfully disband shortly after , thus putting an end to one of our beloved genre 's most embarrassing skeletons in the closet.This edition includes the band 's previous Damnation Alley EP as a questionable bonus.Unless you 're a serious heavy metal historian researching the role of women in heavy metal , avoid this band like the plague .
 This is not Antonio Calos Jobim . It 's music he composed . It 's elevator music .
 Well , my review can not be useful , I have no idea what this was ... No opinion about it , but it was a bad experience
 After two near classic industrial metal albums , Skrew % $ & ^ ed the dog . It 's not that Shadow of Doubt and Angel Seed XXIII are necessarily BAD albums , for any other band they 'd be good , but for Skrew they 're horrible.Is this really the same band that put out Burning in Water/Drowning in Flame and Dusted?Angel Seed is n't quite as bad as Shadow , to be fair . That album was held back by far too slow songs that seemed to drag on forever . This album feels like their treading water , either by sounding like a poor carbon copy of their early glory days , or by sounding like a poor carbon copy of bands they influenced , only with bits of Korn and Limp Bizkit thrown in . And that is not a good thing.Either way , you should skip this and Shadow , and go straight for the first two albums .
 You 'd get the same effect by farting and belching into a microphone . Hey adolescents of the world , would n't THAT be extreme ? Utter garbage from start to finish . No musical quality at all . Talentless hacks .
 This is a bunch of tards with instruments . When I think Death Metal , I think good bands like In Flames , Children of Bodom , Dimmu Borgir , and early Sepultura . NOT garbage like Cannibal Corpse.These guys are completely untalented . I doubt the guitarist -LRB- s -RRB- actually learned how to play guitar , they just decided to attack the strings randomly . And also , the singer sounds like a dog choking on something . As for the drums , I 'm sure the drummer just decided to attack a bunch of drums randomly and double pedal rapidly . And the lyrics are just stupid over-the-top gore lyrics . Just reading them , I imagine a conversation going down like this : `` Oh , I 'm uncreative . What should I do ? `` I HAVE AN IDEA !!!! Write a bunch of lyrics about necrophilia , blood , gore , murdering , and a bunch of other disgusting random things ! `` No , seriously . They really are that stupid . Here 's an example : `` Crawling rodents gorging on meRepulsive starving drovesShredding , stripping , consuming all I wasTissue pulled from bonesDying slowly , feeling every fangShock has yet to comeScavengers tear out my eyesMy pain wo n't end , I have not died `` Brilliant ! That does n't even make sense ! `` Gorging on me '' ??? LOL !!!!!! Not stupid enough ? Here 's another brilliant one : `` Severing , parts and veins in the wayMy insides are on the outside of meMy bones now shatter and explodeThe pain , its destination my brainCa n't hide from beign eaten from inside `` Um , Shatter and Explode ? Wrong order , idiot.I 'll write my own CC song now !!!! Blood , Blood is all I seesplashing down on my pancreasMy intestines falling outAnd my kidneys left to dryBrains splatter all over my bodyBlood followsI feast and drinkOn rotten insidesTonight we shall killand rip out the intestinesAnd glorify infaticideThere , I wrote my own CC song !!!!! Point is , this band just plain sucks . Want good death metal ? Listen to In Flames or Dimmu Borgir . Stay away from this garbage at all cost .
 Slayer is metal , I even like Carcass , but Cannibal Corpse ... just a bunch of retards with instruments and a microphone . I laugh so hard everytime I hear this band . What a joke ! Do they have the cookie monster on vocals or something ? The only thing I can think of that is funnier than this sh*t music is the fans it generates ! I see at least one person a week wearing some lame Cannibal Corpse t-shirt , it 's funny as hell because you know they 're just wearing them for attention and the hope that they will offend someone . It 's comedy to me ... just like Insane Clown Posse ... a bunch of posers ! If I want to be offended , I 'll take GG Allin thank you !
 Yo , this is trash !!!!!!! Who the hell listens to constant screaming and banging like wild animals and blaring guitar through the whole song and groweling like a bear or something ?!!!!!! This is such trash I decided it 's not even worth running over with my car , because it would touch my tires . I wo n't even smash it with a hammer cause it would poison my hammer and I would n't be able to touch that anymore . Cannibal Corpse can f**king rot in hell for the rest of eternity , which is about all they talk about - If by some miracle you can understand a single word spoken on this garbage album . This sh*t gets negative ten stars from me at the very least . Go buy music , not heavy metal .
 Cannibal Corpse is one of if not the worst metal bands of the 80 's and 90 's -LRB- todays `` metal '' is worse though -RRB- , and this is coming out of a person who likes metal and listens to it more than anything else . I do n't see how anyone could think this is deserving of anything over 2 stars . The guitar player is just playing the same chord over and over again and has WAY too much distortion for his own good , the drummer is just banging on the kit with hammers , and the singer , oh my god ... the lyrics are all about gore and crap . This band is just a bunch of posers . If you want death metal I suggest getting Death , old Sepultura , and Obituary instead . Cannibal Corpse are posers .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 THis band does n't improve . Incredible ! THey always play the same stuff , what means
 This is not music , even not death metal . It is just noise . You may think I 'm not a death metal listner but I am . Try , at least , to listen to in flames and see what the real death metal is
 My definition of death metal : loud noise that sounds the same.Yep , the title says it all , this CD is vile.I would tell you what the worst song on the CD is , but I ca n't since they are all the same song.Yep , same drum beats , same distorted guitars , same useless screaming.If you love mindless noise , then be sure to pick up a copy of Vile by Cannibal Corpse.Peace Out .
 This so called `` piece of music '' is the biggest puddle of crap I have ever listened to . I would rather help a 95 year old man put on a jockstrap . To sum this trash up in a sentence I would have to say that this awful band is equivalent to a pile of crap smothered in fesces .
 Anytime a CD by CAnnibal Corpse is old , I 'm sure the guys from the band keeps laughing a lot , imagining there was someone out there so naive to buy their cheap and ridiculous `` music '' and , even worse , to listen to their psicopathic lyrics.From the cover art to the `` music '' , everything in CAnnibal Corpse is made consciently to shock , since they just are no able to play ...
 Hey again have n't checked back here in a wileAnd when I did imagine my surprise when I saw the disillusioned replies I got the one thing I found extremely funny wasHow there was no reply to fear factory or Pantera having a far superior drummer coz we all know its true ... And I believe C.O.B. are classified as Melodic Death Metal so that was an entirely relevant comparison and in some songs Alexi does actually sing properly have you heard the rebel yell cover ??? I only chose iron maiden and Metallica because I thought it might be something you retards might actually know I mean really wot is this some kind of a competition to see who can list the most obscure s * it ??? So you have been listing to bodom since 99 who gives a F*ck ??? Does that make you a big man ??? Help you get to sleep at night just that little bit easier ??? How bout rush or dream theatre or is that still to mainstream ??? oh and by the way I have no idea WTF `` HotTopic '' is I 'm guessing it 's some American thing that must be really embarrassing for someone of your taste and/or musical stature to shop at so if that 's it I 'm ever so offended ... I dunno maybe if I pretend to slit my wrists put on my best diy slipknot mask and listen to this music I might understandTo the other retard since when did `` SHOCK VALUE '' ever equal talent ??? -LRB- Note
 If the thought came to the Backtreet Boys ' heads to become a ` metal ' band , THIS is what they would sound like . Cannibal Corpsesounds like the Backstreet Boys on speed . Or crack -LRB- get it , Crackstreet Boys -RRB- . Corpse is probably the most disgusting band . Is this some sort of joke ? If it is , than it 's not funny anymore . If you can get past the sick covers and bonehead subject matter , than Vile is for you ! Otherwise , listen to Metallica , Slayer , KoRn , Nine Inch Nails , Alice In Chains , anything that is music -LRB- not what CC is -RRB- and has real emotion .
 i did n't know music could this bad , or bands so mentally incapacitated . This is not just boring , derivative , pretentious , silly , but terrible.Apparently Cannibal Corpse thinks that loud , loud loud guitars with screaming , screaming vocals about death , death and blood make them deep , hard and good and interesting . Or maybe they just get hard off of this whole blood-and-guts thing.I mean , just look at the freaking song titles . They could be a parody of every other death metal band out there . Not so much music as the soundtrack to the life of a teenager consumed with continual gothic angst , this album is only good if you like to repeatedly stab yourself and wear about 10 pounds of piercings , and need something to keep yourself occupied.Otherwise , would any sane person touch this ? rhetorical question , folks.P.S . hey , i just wrote a cannibal corpse album ! here are the tracks :1 . Rotting2 . Spikes and Chains3 . Eternal Bondage4 . Infestation5 . Blood Maggots6 . Whip and Bleed7 . Cadaverous8 . Flesh Butcher9 . Horror of the Night10 . Drawn , Quartered and Impaled11 . Desecrate
 Just like the rest of their music , which is all just mindless noise.I 've had MUCH better times breaking my arm and having a couple of teeth pulled than listening to this horsecrap these mindless fools call music .
 This review will sort of sum up my thoughts on both Vile , Gallery of Suicide , BloodthirstandGore Obsessed , because most of them suffer from the same problem - repetitiveness . I feel that Vile is probably their weakest album to date , even with Corpsegrinder stepping in to take over for Chris Barnes . Sure , he did a solid job on vocals , and yes , the band are still technically proficient , but they just kept hammering out album after album without much thought or inspiration . The only part of this album that might make you snicker is the song title `` Orgasm Through Torture '' , which I 'll admit is a little disturbing.Out of these four , I 'd definitely recommend checking outGallery of Suicide . While it 's not a fantastic album , it 's the best of the worst , making it somewhat decent . Vile , BloodthirstandGore Obsessedwere uninspired compared to what was to follow , I 'd rate them all 1.5 out of 5 at the very most.Gallery of Suicideis probably a 2.5 - it was also arguably the album where they reached their current -LRB- much recognizable -RRB- `` sound '' .
 In my opinion , this is Cannibal Corpses 's worst release . I loved Butchered at Birth and Tomb of the Mutilated but this is very disappointing . Corpsegrinders vocals are the worst on this album and their songwriting abilities are at an all time low . If Chris Barnes was still with the group at the time , he could have really helped this album out . I do however tend to pop this in my CD player from time to time .
 So when will Cannibal Corpse go away ? Even their name is a sick joke . Do n't listen to people who back CC . Cause they are sick , twisted perverts just like CC themselves . Vile is no exception to how bad Cannibal Corpse is
 At the moment i have been listening to a lot of opeth and i was recommended to listen to morbid angel -LRB- which are harder and louder than opeth -RRB- . So i listened to some morbid angel stuff and thought it was ok ... . i was then recommended to try out cannibal corpse . So i did the same as i did before and tryed them out and ... well ... lets just say i wasnt impressed . I do like a variety of music from punk to death metal but this is just poor ! The lyrics are terrible with stupid track titles and the singer has no talent at all -LRB- compared to mikael from opeth -RRB- ! If you 're interested in listening to boring , obscure , original music then maybe you should try out this pathetic band . If you 're interested in listening to progressive/death metal with superb lyrics and musical talent then try out opeth.I rest my case .
 That 's right ! The title speaks for itself . This is one of the most repugnant CDs on the planet . Cannibal Corpse never fails to show how bad they are . Like I said , the `` music '' on this album is what the title says it is , other than the fact that it 's sick and shows no form of musical skill and talent . The drumming is completely off-beat , repeating the same rhythm over and over . The guitar riffs are basically the same repeated three-chords noise with each song . Cannibal Corpse is trash .
 Ok so I do n't really like death metal at all ... but that does n't mean my opinion here is n't validohh by the way I just used the kid review button coz I could n't be stuffed registering.This is total garbage you ca n't understand a word of the vocals and even on the rare occasion where u can u would n't want toIt basically like the misfits -LRB- who are awesome and totally rock -RRB- but about 80 times over the edge to the point where the lyrics are just stupid and the singing is worse . -LRB- It 's not even singing but that 's irrelevant what is relevant tho is the music cant back up where the singing lets out unlike a superior band * coughs * Children Of Bodom -RRB- I mean who really wants to hear some dude scream kill slash etc for like an hour , these people obversely need therapy but that 's not even the point the point is at least the misfits had some since of a decent song and it was funny and sorta a parody of old b horror movies unlike these try hard losers who are trying to be `` hardcore '' with the music at all costs , it 's really pathetic wen melody and intelligence gets substituted for noise.If u want a decent death metal band check out children of bodom they kick S * it outa these lame idiots , even though they scream a lot also at least they can play there instruments very well . I mean freakishly well if you have ever heard their keyboards vs. guitar track you would know what I mean.The instrumental on this cd is a joke it 's just noise the drums are ridicules if you want an instrumental that 's insane and rocks check out : Iron Maiden - TransylvaniaMetallica - Orion , pulling teeth -LRB- more of a bass solo with drums but hey -RRB- also for all you losers who love that argument screaming like how he does is hard it takes talent bla bla etc. who cares it sounds like crap why would I wan na sing like that it 's just a pitiful attempt to heavy up a sound that 's already stupidly heavy.I mean wot is the obsession with low tunings any way maybe they just use it as an excuse as to why they ca n't play well I dunno they sound like crap drop d is about as far as anyone needs to go . and for your information playing a whole lot of 0 's really fast on the top string is about all these bands do it 's so lameyet the disillusioned follow like sheep . go listen to the black label society or pantera they are as heavy and are way better musiciansand finally the drums lest see how fast I can hit something and keep the same beat for every song , ohh look I have a double bass peddle . panteras drummer kills this loser at least there is some variation . and it does n't touch fear factory there drummer is awesomeI 'm not gona bother individually reviewing songs cos it 's a waist of my time any yours in closeting do n't buy this crap support the War against Musical Incompetence -LRB- W.A.M.I. -RRB- and listen to something decent like Iron Maiden ... have a nice day
 Vile by cannibal corpse sucks because this album not only gives me a big headache but also sounds the same every time as the previous song . I try giving cannibal corpse a chance but it just doesnt work ... They just dont do it for me , im sorry . Now , if you guys want to listing to some good solid death metal that doesnt give an headache and you can actullie understand what the singer is sayng pick up `` other '' arist `` s '' ... Nile , suffocation , morbid angel , napalm death , garden of shadows , borknagar , daylightdies , the crown,amorphis,origin,hate-eternal , obituary , acoustic torment , at the gates , the haunted , dark tranquiliti , darkane , dyinfetus , eye hate god etc. . . In other words , real death metal , not pointless horrible noise ... bands , that choose to be call `` death metal '' . Laters !
 Well , one point was all I could give it since there was no other lesser option ... it 's more a matter of morals than music , mind you ... And not content with dressing up like the caricature of puerto-rican pimp in the `` Starsky and Hutch '' series the oh so innovative electro-idol David Carretta strikes again but will soon be remembered mainly for having secretly plundered French band BUZZ 's 1988 maxi-single `` Berlin '' and renamed it ... rather clumsily if you want to get away with murder ... `` Buzz '' , would you believe it ? So much for credibility ... The track sounding as if a gang of lumberjacks were hammering away at their favorite Purcell opening !!! A speciality from Toulouse no doubt since everybody knows that Claude Nougaro , the late French singer who rather un-incidentally came from the same South Western province renowned for its wine , rugby and wholespread braggadaccio had dutifully `` explored '' or rather ransacked the Brazilian bossa repertoire in the late sixties and then done of a bit of a revival around 1986-7 after copying David Harrow 's and poetess Anne Clark 's famous sequencer lines for his `` Nougayork '' track on the eponymous album ... so much for inspiration ... Anyway , a twang , a fluffy moustache and proto-Cerrone pauses do not excuse everything ... so much for credibility ...
 Instructions were unclear at times . Videographer often focused on close up shots of feet which made it more difficult to follow . There are better latin workouts on the market . Crunch has one with the same instructor that is better .
 I found this DVD very difficult to follow . She moves way too fast to follow the steps . I felt frustrated so many times . It was a waste of money .
 It was hard to follow and I did n't understand the move.She was just keep dancing and did not explain about the move . It was very unclear.This DVD did not help me at all .
 I had hoped this would provide some fun aerobic exercise to the sort of Latin music that makes you want to move , with the leader showing me some Latin dance moves -LRB- tango , cha cha , etc. -RRB- . I did n't recognize any of the moves - or music - from watching ballroom-variety Latin dance on TV . That would have been a disappointment but not a total loss - if I were able to follow the leader in whatever it was she was doing to whatever music . I was n't . Why does no one ever place the camera behind the leader once in awhile so that the viewer can copy the moves without having to mirror-image them first ? I gave up on this video and went back to my old Gilad videos . No music , but at least he gives you a chance to learn the moves .
 Glad I rented this first before buying . She does introduce the steps little by little , but between the horrible camera angles and those whispy pants she wears , it is very difficult to actually see what her feet are doing . She 'll say `` watch my feet '' but the cameraman zooms in too much and its hard to get the whole picture - the bottom of her pants are very long and whispy and cover most of her feet - you only see material swishing around ... . I got frustrated not being able to see how she was moving - I spent most of my time yelling at the non-existant camera man to pull back ! The music was good and her instructions were good -LRB- although sometimes too quick -RRB- but for me it is n't worth buying and trying to figure out .
 This album is just terrible . The keyboards suck , the vocals are horrible , and the guitars are just lame.Drums in black metal have to be powerful , and this has to be some of the worst drumming i 've ever heard . I mostly judge on the keyboards , and i have to say that if you wan na get good black metal keys , look somewhere else . Christfire is actually a good song , very melodic and pretty well written , but everything else is just down the drain . Listen to Cradle of Filth , Dimmu Borgir , or Twilight Ophera if you want good black metal .
 In my opinion , this is Cannibal Corpses 's worst release . I loved Butchered at Birth and Tomb of the Mutilated but this is very disappointing . Corpsegrinders vocals are the worst on this album and their songwriting abilities are at an all time low . If Chris Barnes was still with the group at the time , he could have really helped this album out . I do however tend to pop this in my CD player from time to time .
 So when will Cannibal Corpse go away ? Even their name is a sick joke . Do n't listen to people who back CC . Cause they are sick , twisted perverts just like CC themselves . Vile is no exception to how bad Cannibal Corpse is
 At the moment i have been listening to a lot of opeth and i was recommended to listen to morbid angel -LRB- which are harder and louder than opeth -RRB- . So i listened to some morbid angel stuff and thought it was ok ... . i was then recommended to try out cannibal corpse . So i did the same as i did before and tryed them out and ... well ... lets just say i wasnt impressed . I do like a variety of music from punk to death metal but this is just poor ! The lyrics are terrible with stupid track titles and the singer has no talent at all -LRB- compared to mikael from opeth -RRB- ! If you 're interested in listening to boring , obscure , original music then maybe you should try out this pathetic band . If you 're interested in listening to progressive/death metal with superb lyrics and musical talent then try out opeth.I rest my case .
 That 's right ! The title speaks for itself . This is one of the most repugnant CDs on the planet . Cannibal Corpse never fails to show how bad they are . Like I said , the `` music '' on this album is what the title says it is , other than the fact that it 's sick and shows no form of musical skill and talent . The drumming is completely off-beat , repeating the same rhythm over and over . The guitar riffs are basically the same repeated three-chords noise with each song . Cannibal Corpse is trash .
 Ok so I do n't really like death metal at all ... but that does n't mean my opinion here is n't validohh by the way I just used the kid review button coz I could n't be stuffed registering.This is total garbage you ca n't understand a word of the vocals and even on the rare occasion where u can u would n't want toIt basically like the misfits -LRB- who are awesome and totally rock -RRB- but about 80 times over the edge to the point where the lyrics are just stupid and the singing is worse . -LRB- It 's not even singing but that 's irrelevant what is relevant tho is the music cant back up where the singing lets out unlike a superior band * coughs * Children Of Bodom -RRB- I mean who really wants to hear some dude scream kill slash etc for like an hour , these people obversely need therapy but that 's not even the point the point is at least the misfits had some since of a decent song and it was funny and sorta a parody of old b horror movies unlike these try hard losers who are trying to be `` hardcore '' with the music at all costs , it 's really pathetic wen melody and intelligence gets substituted for noise.If u want a decent death metal band check out children of bodom they kick S * it outa these lame idiots , even though they scream a lot also at least they can play there instruments very well . I mean freakishly well if you have ever heard their keyboards vs. guitar track you would know what I mean.The instrumental on this cd is a joke it 's just noise the drums are ridicules if you want an instrumental that 's insane and rocks check out : Iron Maiden - TransylvaniaMetallica - Orion , pulling teeth -LRB- more of a bass solo with drums but hey -RRB- also for all you losers who love that argument screaming like how he does is hard it takes talent bla bla etc. who cares it sounds like crap why would I wan na sing like that it 's just a pitiful attempt to heavy up a sound that 's already stupidly heavy.I mean wot is the obsession with low tunings any way maybe they just use it as an excuse as to why they ca n't play well I dunno they sound like crap drop d is about as far as anyone needs to go . and for your information playing a whole lot of 0 's really fast on the top string is about all these bands do it 's so lameyet the disillusioned follow like sheep . go listen to the black label society or pantera they are as heavy and are way better musiciansand finally the drums lest see how fast I can hit something and keep the same beat for every song , ohh look I have a double bass peddle . panteras drummer kills this loser at least there is some variation . and it does n't touch fear factory there drummer is awesomeI 'm not gona bother individually reviewing songs cos it 's a waist of my time any yours in closeting do n't buy this crap support the War against Musical Incompetence -LRB- W.A.M.I. -RRB- and listen to something decent like Iron Maiden ... have a nice day
 Vile by cannibal corpse sucks because this album not only gives me a big headache but also sounds the same every time as the previous song . I try giving cannibal corpse a chance but it just doesnt work ... They just dont do it for me , im sorry . Now , if you guys want to listing to some good solid death metal that doesnt give an headache and you can actullie understand what the singer is sayng pick up `` other '' arist `` s '' ... Nile , suffocation , morbid angel , napalm death , garden of shadows , borknagar , daylightdies , the crown,amorphis,origin,hate-eternal , obituary , acoustic torment , at the gates , the haunted , dark tranquiliti , darkane , dyinfetus , eye hate god etc. . . In other words , real death metal , not pointless horrible noise ... bands , that choose to be call `` death metal '' . Laters !
 This review will sort of sum up my thoughts on both Vile , Gallery of Suicide , BloodthirstandGore Obsessed , because most of them suffer from the same problem - repetitiveness . I feel that Vile is probably their weakest album to date , even with Corpsegrinder stepping in to take over for Chris Barnes . Sure , he did a solid job on vocals , and yes , the band are still technically proficient , but they just kept hammering out album after album without much thought or inspiration . The only part of this album that might make you snicker is the song title `` Orgasm Through Torture '' , which I 'll admit is a little disturbing.Out of these four , I 'd definitely recommend checking outGallery of Suicide . While it 's not a fantastic album , it 's the best of the worst , making it somewhat decent . Vile , BloodthirstandGore Obsessedwere uninspired compared to what was to follow , I 'd rate them all 1.5 out of 5 at the very most.Gallery of Suicideis probably a 2.5 - it was also arguably the album where they reached their current -LRB- much recognizable -RRB- `` sound '' .
 THis band does n't improve . Incredible ! THey always play the same stuff , what means
 This is not music , even not death metal . It is just noise . You may think I 'm not a death metal listner but I am . Try , at least , to listen to in flames and see what the real death metal is
 My definition of death metal : loud noise that sounds the same.Yep , the title says it all , this CD is vile.I would tell you what the worst song on the CD is , but I ca n't since they are all the same song.Yep , same drum beats , same distorted guitars , same useless screaming.If you love mindless noise , then be sure to pick up a copy of Vile by Cannibal Corpse.Peace Out .
 This so called `` piece of music '' is the biggest puddle of crap I have ever listened to . I would rather help a 95 year old man put on a jockstrap . To sum this trash up in a sentence I would have to say that this awful band is equivalent to a pile of crap smothered in fesces .
 Anytime a CD by CAnnibal Corpse is old , I 'm sure the guys from the band keeps laughing a lot , imagining there was someone out there so naive to buy their cheap and ridiculous `` music '' and , even worse , to listen to their psicopathic lyrics.From the cover art to the `` music '' , everything in CAnnibal Corpse is made consciently to shock , since they just are no able to play ...
 Hey again have n't checked back here in a wileAnd when I did imagine my surprise when I saw the disillusioned replies I got the one thing I found extremely funny wasHow there was no reply to fear factory or Pantera having a far superior drummer coz we all know its true ... And I believe C.O.B. are classified as Melodic Death Metal so that was an entirely relevant comparison and in some songs Alexi does actually sing properly have you heard the rebel yell cover ??? I only chose iron maiden and Metallica because I thought it might be something you retards might actually know I mean really wot is this some kind of a competition to see who can list the most obscure s * it ??? So you have been listing to bodom since 99 who gives a F*ck ??? Does that make you a big man ??? Help you get to sleep at night just that little bit easier ??? How bout rush or dream theatre or is that still to mainstream ??? oh and by the way I have no idea WTF `` HotTopic '' is I 'm guessing it 's some American thing that must be really embarrassing for someone of your taste and/or musical stature to shop at so if that 's it I 'm ever so offended ... I dunno maybe if I pretend to slit my wrists put on my best diy slipknot mask and listen to this music I might understandTo the other retard since when did `` SHOCK VALUE '' ever equal talent ??? -LRB- Note
 If the thought came to the Backtreet Boys ' heads to become a ` metal ' band , THIS is what they would sound like . Cannibal Corpsesounds like the Backstreet Boys on speed . Or crack -LRB- get it , Crackstreet Boys -RRB- . Corpse is probably the most disgusting band . Is this some sort of joke ? If it is , than it 's not funny anymore . If you can get past the sick covers and bonehead subject matter , than Vile is for you ! Otherwise , listen to Metallica , Slayer , KoRn , Nine Inch Nails , Alice In Chains , anything that is music -LRB- not what CC is -RRB- and has real emotion .
 i did n't know music could this bad , or bands so mentally incapacitated . This is not just boring , derivative , pretentious , silly , but terrible.Apparently Cannibal Corpse thinks that loud , loud loud guitars with screaming , screaming vocals about death , death and blood make them deep , hard and good and interesting . Or maybe they just get hard off of this whole blood-and-guts thing.I mean , just look at the freaking song titles . They could be a parody of every other death metal band out there . Not so much music as the soundtrack to the life of a teenager consumed with continual gothic angst , this album is only good if you like to repeatedly stab yourself and wear about 10 pounds of piercings , and need something to keep yourself occupied.Otherwise , would any sane person touch this ? rhetorical question , folks.P.S . hey , i just wrote a cannibal corpse album ! here are the tracks :1 . Rotting2 . Spikes and Chains3 . Eternal Bondage4 . Infestation5 . Blood Maggots6 . Whip and Bleed7 . Cadaverous8 . Flesh Butcher9 . Horror of the Night10 . Drawn , Quartered and Impaled11 . Desecrate
 Just like the rest of their music , which is all just mindless noise.I 've had MUCH better times breaking my arm and having a couple of teeth pulled than listening to this horsecrap these mindless fools call music .
 You 'd get the same effect by farting and belching into a microphone . Hey adolescents of the world , would n't THAT be extreme ? Utter garbage from start to finish . No musical quality at all . Talentless hacks .
 This is a bunch of tards with instruments . When I think Death Metal , I think good bands like In Flames , Children of Bodom , Dimmu Borgir , and early Sepultura . NOT garbage like Cannibal Corpse.These guys are completely untalented . I doubt the guitarist -LRB- s -RRB- actually learned how to play guitar , they just decided to attack the strings randomly . And also , the singer sounds like a dog choking on something . As for the drums , I 'm sure the drummer just decided to attack a bunch of drums randomly and double pedal rapidly . And the lyrics are just stupid over-the-top gore lyrics . Just reading them , I imagine a conversation going down like this : `` Oh , I 'm uncreative . What should I do ? `` I HAVE AN IDEA !!!! Write a bunch of lyrics about necrophilia , blood , gore , murdering , and a bunch of other disgusting random things ! `` No , seriously . They really are that stupid . Here 's an example : `` Crawling rodents gorging on meRepulsive starving drovesShredding , stripping , consuming all I wasTissue pulled from bonesDying slowly , feeling every fangShock has yet to comeScavengers tear out my eyesMy pain wo n't end , I have not died `` Brilliant ! That does n't even make sense ! `` Gorging on me '' ??? LOL !!!!!! Not stupid enough ? Here 's another brilliant one : `` Severing , parts and veins in the wayMy insides are on the outside of meMy bones now shatter and explodeThe pain , its destination my brainCa n't hide from beign eaten from inside `` Um , Shatter and Explode ? Wrong order , idiot.I 'll write my own CC song now !!!! Blood , Blood is all I seesplashing down on my pancreasMy intestines falling outAnd my kidneys left to dryBrains splatter all over my bodyBlood followsI feast and drinkOn rotten insidesTonight we shall killand rip out the intestinesAnd glorify infaticideThere , I wrote my own CC song !!!!! Point is , this band just plain sucks . Want good death metal ? Listen to In Flames or Dimmu Borgir . Stay away from this garbage at all cost .
 Slayer is metal , I even like Carcass , but Cannibal Corpse ... just a bunch of retards with instruments and a microphone . I laugh so hard everytime I hear this band . What a joke ! Do they have the cookie monster on vocals or something ? The only thing I can think of that is funnier than this sh*t music is the fans it generates ! I see at least one person a week wearing some lame Cannibal Corpse t-shirt , it 's funny as hell because you know they 're just wearing them for attention and the hope that they will offend someone . It 's comedy to me ... just like Insane Clown Posse ... a bunch of posers ! If I want to be offended , I 'll take GG Allin thank you !
 Yo , this is trash !!!!!!! Who the hell listens to constant screaming and banging like wild animals and blaring guitar through the whole song and groweling like a bear or something ?!!!!!! This is such trash I decided it 's not even worth running over with my car , because it would touch my tires . I wo n't even smash it with a hammer cause it would poison my hammer and I would n't be able to touch that anymore . Cannibal Corpse can f**king rot in hell for the rest of eternity , which is about all they talk about - If by some miracle you can understand a single word spoken on this garbage album . This sh*t gets negative ten stars from me at the very least . Go buy music , not heavy metal .
 Cannibal Corpse is one of if not the worst metal bands of the 80 's and 90 's -LRB- todays `` metal '' is worse though -RRB- , and this is coming out of a person who likes metal and listens to it more than anything else . I do n't see how anyone could think this is deserving of anything over 2 stars . The guitar player is just playing the same chord over and over again and has WAY too much distortion for his own good , the drummer is just banging on the kit with hammers , and the singer , oh my god ... the lyrics are all about gore and crap . This band is just a bunch of posers . If you want death metal I suggest getting Death , old Sepultura , and Obituary instead . Cannibal Corpse are posers .
 It should first be established that this is not even music PERIOD , this is a ludicrous bedlam of tactless , senseless , depraved , vile , indiscernible , untalented racket that anybody could do by concentrating as much noise as possible together and then adding heinous growling vocals that sounds not much different from a demon gagging and barfing up guts with razors in its throat -LRB- even worse than Gollum 's episodes -RRB- . Cannibal Corpse is the SICKEST , most hideous , gruesome , -LRB- everything disgusting you can think about -RRB- and in simple terms -- downright gross . Anybody that recommends this travesty of music has SERIOUS problems on all echelons of their sanity!Nobody in their right mind would give this a good rating . In fact . Even if the lyrics were n't so desperately perverted , more enjoyment can come from hearing construction work than this LUNACY . Take my advice , do n't listen to anyone giving this 5 stars , because their musical tastes are SERIOUSLY WARPED.This has another name `` the music from hell '' . It 's not even worth checking out . And if you happen to , you 'll regret it .
 In my last review I gave it 5 stars . The Backstreet Boys have less than they ever did , and they do n't attract me a damn bit .
 This DVD was truly horrible to watch . I am a big David Cassidy fan -- I grew up watching him on the Partridge Family and loved -LRB- past tense ! -RRB- his voice then . I was disappointed on so many levels with this DVD that I had to write a review to offset all those 5 star reviews -LRB- what were they thinking ?? -RRB- for this DVD.His voice
 I was quite disappointed in this . I bought it on the basis of customer reviews but it did n't do it for me.Look David 's voice has improved in many ways since his Partridge Family Days and the talent is there but I wish he 'd rethink his approach.If you like the Vegas show style of perpetual plastered smile on face and all numbers of an upbeat sort of style perhaps this is for you . I 'm more into the rock angle and like more bite , emotion and grit and a feeling someone is laying bare their soul and emotion.I like variation in mood . If you are going to sing about heartache or sadness I like that mood to be embodied and expressed by the singer . However David has that beaming determined smile when he sings of being left and crying etc. . Is he really that happy and joyful because there is almost a mask-like quality to it that looks trained for stage?The odd thing is that I remember the original TV show when he used to have quite a haunting sad and reflective look when he did express that sort of variation in mood . So he seems to have left his acting behind in favour of broadway show resolute cheeriness.The other problem is superficial and trivial but it completely distracted me - his hair ! He is a little receding now -LRB- no big deal -RRB- but he wears it in a tight off-the-face rocker style which has been coiffed to add a little more height so it looks even more severe . It is VERY severe and a marked contrast to the soft and sexy look he used to have with more hair tumbling over his forehead - gee , I 'm still a child of the 60s and I do like soft , sexy , slightly longer hair rather than military precision!The songs ? - Really uneven for me - a couple I had to skip tracks . ` Cherish ' I found quite painful for instance . However ` Aint no sunshine ' was shaping well - except for his cheerfulness about the lack of sunshine with his girl gone ! ` Hush ' had potential that slowing down a bit and putting some real emotion and depth into it would have brought to completion.So if you think I 'm being picky when the guy to you just looks happy all the time , and you are into a Vegas-show style , do n't care if all emotions are expressed one-dimensionally , you like a more severe haircut - or you are a fan no matter what - go for it.As a casual explorer it wasnt for me and it 's a pity because from what I heard from his voice he 's got the talent , with a different haircut he 's still got the looks , and from what I recall of his acting he could really sink into those songs and really connect to the heart if he went for singing the meaning of the songs he chooses.Time for an upgrade and to rethink David - unless your dedicated fans like the more bubble gum style .
 I wrote an review about this one and now it is gone . Why ?? because I gave it only two stars ?? David can sing no doubt about that , but his stage performance was and is terrible on this dvd . I like most of his songs very much , but the way he is acting in front for a group over-aged screaming old women is awfull , sorry to say I know but it is the truth.For the music 4 starrs , for the picture 0 starrs , so an average of 2 starrs because it is a dvd and not a audio cd.Sorry fans , if you read my review of his Cherish album then you would know I am a fan , but I try to be honset , sorry again ...
 The concert sounded fine , but unfortunately this is not the David Cassidy I remember . -LRB- Where is his beautiful hair ? -RRB- I prefer to remember him as he was . The David Cassidy on this concert video depressed me.Grace Slick was right when she said that former rock stars should not take the stage after the age of 50 . Watching David trying to pretend he 's young and trying to recapture his youth was just too sad for me to watch . The sultry style he had when he sang with the Partridge Family is gone . He just runs around the stage now in silk shirts and tight pants.And those backup singers of his are just awful ! They look like inner city hookers!I love the David of the 70 's . I 'll remember him the way he was .
 In the top 10 of `` Once Very Promising Metalbands '' Sacred Reich would be right there along with used-to-be-infamous-names like Carcass , Napalm Death and Bathory . They all started out with albums that hit the listener in the face , leaving him dizzy , bashed up and nauseated . But as time went by , and the amount of albums grew , a decline of quality was felt all the way through the bones . The music became more pollished , more develloped , but the intensity , the rawness , and the original sounding voice was gone.When singer Lee Dorian left Napalm Death and was replaced with vocalist Barney Greenaway , the band should have changed its name , because whatever they were doing , they were n't doing Napalm Death anymore.If Carcass had done only their gruewesome first grindcore hit `` Reek of putrefaction '' , they would have made history . They still made history with that first LP , but the pile of `` noisy nothingness '' they made later on , covered most of their reputation being the most disgusting band alive.And who caress to try out the latest Bathory output ? This tight , fast and pitchdark black metalband from chilly Skandanavia once brought us candlelight-deleria like `` Blood , fire , death '' and `` Under the sign of the black mark '' , but with the opera-like `` Hammerheart '' the blood and fire seemed to deminnish , and with `` Twilight of the Gods '' we knew that this little Northern adventure was finished too . `` Ignorance '' was Sacred Reich 's debut and it had some great songs on it
 i bought this album when it came out because i was sick of thenew american `` metal '' . what a waste of money . not to mentionthat ancient just tries to cash in on what 's big at the time . they had their `` evil '' album , then the emperor type northern album , then this vampyric one . can you say cradle of filth . the girl on this album is horrible , her voice and her lousy poetry , what kind of stage name is that ? not to mention the high pitched screeches of , `` i love you , i love you , i love you '' , that 's ridiculous . and the hip-hop drums and his little `` oh yeah '' bit.hahahaha . `` vampirize natasha '' , natasha sounds like a black lady with braids , and i do n't think that 's what they were going for . this whole album is a cradle of filth rip off , and a cheesy one at that . the drums are almost as bad as the lyrics . the only reason i gave it one star is because it 's good for a laugh once in a while . this is truly one of the silliest albums from `` her majesty '' Norway . END
 This is an old demo pressed on to CD . So do n't go looking for good productuion . The sound is raw and harsh . The main problem is that this band really wants to be CRADLE OF FILTH and comes across as a sub-standard version .
 I 'm one of the lucky few to own a copy of the original Theta cd release of `` Zoo Of Tranquility '' that was deleted long ago.At the time I was amazed at how far ahead of it 's time it was ; the use of innovative sampling techniques and Schmoelling 's always wonderful melodies was inspired . It seemed a great leap forward from both Schmoelling 's work with TD , but also from his -LRB- also excellent -RRB- first solo effort ; `` Wiuvend Riet '' . Consequently I was not as eager to buy this re-release as some who had been unable to find the original , but being something of a completist regarding TD and the solo work of the members , I decided I had to have it.What a disappointment ! Gone are the curious sounds that made tracks like `` The Anteater '' quirky and amusing , replaced by acoustic piano ; heresy to a synth purist like myself ! And where has the tempo gone?I think a re-re-release of the original mix is in order ...
 ... relative to Johannes Schmoelling 's brillant 1987 version of this album with the same title and compositions . Two stars because the re-orchestration of this pinnacle of electronic music has become so undone in this 1998 reincarnation . sidebar
 The promo sheet for this calls these guys `` The Japanese Beatles . '' Boy , are they wrong . Hi-Standard , for those who do n't know , are a Japanese punk trio , who , more or less , sound like the majority of the Fat catalog
 I finally bought Making the Road , after giving good praise on their `` Angry Fist `` release years ago . If I am correct this the songs of this release sound almost identical to those on `` Angry Fist '' . Lack of innovation . I have listened to this twice already and I am not pleased with this release .
 This music does not go deep into the heart of the real salsero .
 HERE WE GO AGAIN , AMAZON !!! ANOTHER MUSIC CD/DVD LISTING WITH NO NO NO ` TRACK LIST ' PROVIDED !!! I LOVE YOU GUYS - BUT PLEASE ... !!! NO MORE ` PIG IN A POKE ' OFFERS !!! REQUIRE A ` TRACK LIST ' WITH EVERY TYPE OF MUSIC LISTING , SO WE CAN ALL MAKE INFORMED , EDUCATED PURCHASES !!! GEEZ !!!!! -LRB- actually , this is probably a good flick ... i 'm just ripped about this ` track list ' thing ... -RRB-
 Of course not ... If you are looking for real salsa , look for something else , with a real beat , salsa instruments , trumpets , drums , and in Spanish
 It does not work with dancing . To much elecktrick , not salsa dance-able
 Given the people involved -- Shipp , Parker , Waits -- I jumped when I saw this cd , but have to say it is the most disappointing cd I bought in 2006 . Emphasis is on electronics and mood , sort of like a movie score . A few good bits here and there but overall unexciting .
 for 25 bucks and on two discs there should be more than 6 songs , do n't ya think ?
 It 's probably Lil Wayne 's best album , but he needs some way better beats and this album was n't as good as say , Coo Coo Cal 's `` Disturbed . '' I 'll give Weezy credit though , he can rap without having to bust out a pen and a pad . But that line about being the best rapper alive since the best rapper retired is extremely overboard . I 'm surprised he 's not hunted down by the hip hop community because busting out a line like that is like saying you 're better than Meth , Luda , Eminem , Royce Da 5 ' 9 , '' Mystikal , 3 6 , Dre , Daz , Kurupt , Ice Cube , Xzibit , Krayzie Bone , Twista , Run DMC , Too Short , Lil Jon , Gangsta Boo , MC Lyte , Da Brat , LL Cool J , Jermaine Dupri , Pharoahe Monch , G-Unit , Rappin 4-Tay , Master P , Eve , and all the other dope MCs in hip hop .
 Lil ` Wayne is wack he sucks . Sorry but birdman and cashmoney they all suck . They have never been able to come out with a single that would at least be number one in Mtv or Bet . Lil ` wayne does n't have nothing he sucks . I rather hear trash then hear this crab . Lil ` Wayne is wack . Birdman has never been able to come out with a hit . Birdman only took out a hit with what happened to that boy.He did n't even make that track . Clipse and Pharrell took that beat to the next level . You people dump even my grandma sings better than him .
 I quote an adlib that Lil ' Wayne said on `` Bring It Back '' , the twelfth track off his latest album , Tha Carter , because I really do n't understand what would possess him to say something like that . Then again , some people may think I 'M crazy , considering that most of the ratings for this album are four or five stars and then you turn around and see my two-and-a-half-star rating . But I 'm sorry ; I 'm just not feeling this album.I remember Wayne doing an interview with VIBE magazine stating that he is now married because he has gotten more mature . Well , maybe he has a different definition of `` mature '' than the rest of the world , because I do n't think saying that is valid when you have a song on your new album called `` H ** s '' . But the rest of the album is n't very exciting either.I mean , the album might have its standout in songs like ... like ... liiike ... actually , there really are n't any standout tracks , or even memorable tracks . And yes , I did hear `` Go DJ '' , but I think that song is overrated because I really listened to it and I discovered that he really is n't talking about anything . Actual subject matter is n't that great either , as evidenced by the aforementioned `` H ** s '' and also `` Tha Heat '' , where he discusses how he 's going to shoot you . And `` Cash Money Millionaires '' goes nowhere.When generic R&B ; crooners come aboard , things are n't much better . Reel -LRB- who ? -RRB- fails to save songs with his hooks on `` On My Own '' and the self-explanatory `` I Miss My Dawgs '' . `` Earthquake '' uses a terrible interpolation of Al Green 's `` Let 's Stay Together '' ; and by the way , I do n't know why Al was n't credited in the liner notes . There 's also a lot of redundancy on the album . All the interludes sound exactly the same , as does Mannie Fresh 's production for the most part -LRB- and he STILL does that `` you are now listening to the incredible beats of Mannie Fre-Fre - -LRB- scratch -RRB- - Fre-Fre-Fresh '' part -RRB- . It 's bad enough for your album to be weak , but it 's worse for your album to be weak AND too long . I mean , come on , Wayne ... 79 minutes ? Tha Carter may be a hit for everybody in the South , but I do n't think I 'LL be playing it again.Anthony Rupert
 lil wayne is a piece of trash . . you cash money lovers need to understand one thing . lil wayne sucks monkey balls . . lyrically he competes with freeway , who is a piece of trash rapper that doesnt ryhme . Honestly , I have read a bunch of reviewers claiming that he is a lyrical genuis , I am not sure if this is a joke or are you people just that ignorant . The fact that he claims he is the `` hottest nigga under the sun '' is understandable because he is probably on a diet of cocaine and monkey balls but for people to belive this is absolutlety absurd . Expand your horizons people and stop smoking the crack and sucking the monkey balls . Listen to shady , g unit , and diplomats.Take my word of advise and do n't give this pathetic excuse of a rapper anymore money .
 Southern rappaz man aint got no talent . they all rap bout money n hoes . no skills son ! Not like tha north wit talented rappaz like Nas , Jada , styles , fat joe , mos def , n tha whole Def jam north . yo son if south went up against tha north , yo son tha north will KILL THA SOUTH !
 Hahahah Lil Wayne You Must Kidding This Is Just Wack Damnn Boy Never heard a Badder Voice and Lyrical Performance Than This Just Wack Maybe For The Cash Money Fns This Is a Good Album But People Just Buy An R.O.C Album Or Lloyd Banks Hunger For More Because This Is Trash
 WEAK
 its ok , but highly overated because there was no1 better , but now J cole is coming in , and so r other rappers , new 18yo rappers are bout to change the game again , thanks the lord that weezy is a fad ... his voice is annoying , when he doesnt actualy tlk like that , he claims blood when hes obviously not , and he only tlks about how rich he is and how cool he is
 It 's hard to review an artist album when you have a bias against his crew . Luckily we have a review scale @playahata . com , which categorizes 5 different areas of an albums sticking points . By grading an album in all five areas it gives an accurate overall measure of all the albums tracks not just the ones used to market for radio , so when I arrived at my D + Score . I knew that this had nothing to do with me being annoyed by guest rapper Baby 's bird sounds ongoing in the background on about 4 tracks . This album suffers because Lil ' Wayne is too young to have experienced too much that is relevant to talk about , and also because he idolizes Baby who is a step above awful as a rapper , and is everything a real MC is not . The only thing believable about Lil ' Wayne , Baby , and their posse are that they are sitting on stacks of paper with pictures of dead presidents on them , since they are getting more money than the average rapper thanks o a small dedicated fan base that does n't care much about anything other than beats and production , and that is the album 's strongest selling point . But in terms of creativity , content and lyrics the album bombs . Seeing the video for one of the songs tipped me off that this album might not be worth reviewing but you ca n't beat a 2 dollar bootleg . Despite people like me who will probably never directly support anything Cash-Money Records creates , there are a lot of music fans caught up in the power of celebrity , and they will buy this album . If Jermaine Dupri can sell the rap world J-kwon there should be no surprise that Lil Wayne might be able to have some staying power although he is no more talented than most any rapper you will find rapping on the corner in any urban community in America . - Nuff Said .
 Just saw this and had to go back on this review . My taste in rap has matured greatly . This dude , especially his new stuff , is whiney and talks about a whole lot of nothing . Search for more underground hip-hop , because all the artists who have something to say worth hearing are n't accepted by the corporations .
 lil ` wayne is garbage , enough said . do better for your self and pick up some wu-tang or tech n9ne .
 Yea dont make me laugh , best rapper alive ?? Yea f*cking right ! First of all cash money is THE stupidest name for a rap group ever , even though it does accurately describe the greed and ignorance it spreads like a wildfire through its music . Though i hav to admit Lil Wayne IS the best rapper in cash money -LRB- which really doesnt say anything at all when u look at the competition -RRB- . His lyrics are all about the 4 big things in commercial rap these days , -LRB- money , cars , women and jewlery -RRB- . Man if Tupac , Big L and Biggie were still alive there wouldnt be clowns like this around . If you want to know the REAL best hip hop albums of '04 pick up Madvillainy , 4th Dimensional Rocketship Going Up , Viktor Vaughn 2 and Murs 3:16 . -LRB- Oh yea , and please click the `` not helpful '' button so i have an accurate count of the number of mainstream loving retards that read this , thanks -RRB- .
 HE COULD HAVE CAME HARDER LIKE DA BLOCK IS HOT AND LIGHTS OUT DEM WAS HIS BEST CD 'S YET 500 DEGREES SUCKED ALL DA WAYMan I MISS MY DOG - 10 OUT OF 10Earthquake - 9 out of 10Birdman Jr. - 9 out of 103 best songs off cd
 this guy is a pathetic excuse for a rapper , i dislike lil wayne alot and he cant rap and he is no good n his face is really just there for u 2 knock him out . this guy sux and i cant believe he is famous and selling records , its embarrassing and i hate him very much , his album would be just as bad as himself . ----------- DO NOT SUPPORT LIL WAYNE ---------------
 I ca n't take his or Cash Money Records music serious.On the other hand Juvenile is a good rapper.I 'm just tired of hearing about all the lute they have.Yeah Cash Money made it in the game and became millionares but it 's getting old listening to them.Keep this gahbage in New Orleans .
 his cd stinks , if you have do not get it every song is a wreck
 5 stars ?!? not even close . 500 degrees was better than this and i hated that album . the first single released was `` get something '' which was a decent track and had the familiar wheezy flow , and i thought good his style hasnt changed at all . i waited months for this album and after hearing it i tossed it on the floor and spit on it . his new flow is aight but he doesnt lace tracks like he used 2 , mannie was sleepin on the production ... dont waste ur money , i only spent 9 and i want my money back .
 While it 's true that Lil ' Wayne has grown up , unfortunately he 's also left his flow behind . While his lyrics are more creative , and his rhymes are inventive , his flow is not as good as it used to be . When i say `` flow '' , i mean that he pauses and changes his voice up way too much , which stops you from bobbing your head . i think he tried to do too much . there is very little rhythm to his flow , except for a few exceptions on tracks 17 , 13 , and some of the intro .
 Although the quality of singing and music is good , the CD only prompts you to yearn for the orignial versions , a very disappointing and mis-leading buy . Be careful when a consumer does ` nt list the artist name or sample tunes .
 Of course not ... If you are looking for real salsa , look for something else , with a real beat , salsa instruments , trumpets , drums , and in Spanish
 It does not work with dancing . To much elecktrick , not salsa dance-able
 Actually I give it ZERO stars . Do n't be fooled , every song is done by the BB Band . Why someone records junk like this is beyond me .
 I agree with Daighn A. DuGally ... ZERO STARS . This is junk , and a waste of money !
 This CD nearly put me to sleep . I always have high expectations for Miguel Bose -- and he seldom disappoints , but I feel he really let us down on this one . The non-stop , melancholic orchestral arrangements are beyond dull-and they 're on every track ! The one fun track is the duet with Alejandro Fernandez and even it is pretty mediocre . Thumbs down .
 Well , for years I have been a huge fan of Miguel Bose . He has been an innnovator in Spanish Music , never afarid of trying new things , that eventually , will get imitated by other artists down the road . I always await each new album with anticipation , knowing that i will not be disappointed . However , this new album did just that , disappoint me . What happenned ? why is it that artists that have always been on the cutting edge , once they reach a certain age , they go soft and mellow and safe?Bose , was always trying new things , being different than your run of the mill artists that sing music in Spanish , but with this album he just sounds bored . None of the songs have the magic that some of his songs have had in the past.Don ' t get me wrong , I love when he does mellow and melanchollic music , BAjo el Signo de Cain was just that , and also very morose . and Laberinto was just the same way . But in this album , from the moment you put it on until it ends , there is no letting go , it is depressing , I tried to listen to it a few times in a row and I just could not get into it.It is slow , and boring , and the duet with Alejandro Fernandez has got to be one of the most horrible and mismatch of voices i have ever heard.as much as i love Bose , and think he is the greatest singer ever , I can not recommend this album to anyone . . He will always be the best in my book , but this record should be skipped
 Enticed by `` Chaiyya Chaiyya '' on the `` Inside Man '' soundtrack , it 's just not my cup of tea . I like the idea of Indian music and Hip Hop and global hybrids generally , but this one seems to fall very flat .
 I heard `` Beware '' last summer , it was all over Europe . I loved it . I turned it up whenever I heard it ... even asked random strangers to pump the volume . Also , this CD came so highly recommended ... all the critics were raving about its greatness . So now I own it and never listen to it . What happened ? Most of the songs are a slow rap -LRB- a paradox if I ever heard it -RRB- with indian instruments in the background . The rapper sounds sleepy or high or a combination of the two . There are only 3 songs with energy ... and they 're really good . But 3 out of what , 14 ? Maybe it sounds better if you smoke while listening to it?Standout songs
 hrfvbgrebv reuhreure rebruefbre reburebureh reuherudiaaaaa !!!!!! io -LSB- fjiofjbjnrejgnjbfek nfiwen kikfne krnioern fj ifi rioj !!! THIS SUCKS !!!!
 I 'd been hoping PBS would rerun the Requiem performance it showed a dozen years ago , so when I saw that Amazon had it , I eagerly ordered it . The music and performance , with Domingo and Sarah Brightman at the top of their form , was as good as I remembered . But the sound is pirate-video quality
 I 'm sorry to say this but I do n't recommend this video to buyers . What a disappointment ! Sarah 's voice lacked in experience on that stage . Of course I like her very much , but I can do without listening to the video again.Every time Sarah opened her mouth , she squeaked way out of her range . The sound of the recording is of poor quality too ! It sounds like a child recorded the musical . I was bored too , listening to the program . There was only one uplifting song . That is `` Hosanna '' . The boy choir sounded shrill , as a result of the poor recording.The whole video was a waste of time and talent . I 'm glad this was one of Webber 's earlier attempts at bringing Sarah to her place at the top . I voted the video 1 star because of Domingo . Other than him , nothing moved me . Even the organ was depressing me.Buy the video if you insist , but I highly urge you to forget it .
 I 'm not going to say that the only reason we have to suffer through Sarah Brightman singing in this work is that she was married at the time to Andrew Lloyd Webber , but that is the only reason . It 's a truly chilling experience to hear Brightman 's offensively shrilly dagger of a voice atop the frequently unpleasing dissonance of Webber 's composition . It was difficult for me to determine by listening whether the problems with this piece were due to the somewhat fumblingly inadept over-simplicity of the score , or due to the occasional blazing pitch problems of Brightman . I lean towards the latter , as sections of the Requiem sounded quite interesting when Domingo was singing . Domingo and the boy-soprano soloist were the highlights of this video , and lended to some nice sections . The choir , however , was quite poor and the instrumentation was not outstanding , and every time Brightman opened her mouth it completely overwhelmed any kind of aurally pleasing moment . As for the video , be prepared to look at basically the same thing over and over , as really nothing much is going on .
 This is not the Steve Harris from Iron Maiden !!!!! I notice people have bought products to do with Iron Maiden have also bought this !! This is some sort of R 'n' B act !! This is not metal !! This is not a solo project from Maiden !!!! If you really want some non-Maiden stuff with Maiden members , pick up any solo work by Bruce Dickinson , it features Janick Gers on guitar !! : -RRB-
 R.A , what has happened ? I 've waited 10 years for this . I do n't mind your endless waffle about how broke you are , and how much you wish you were dead , but whats happened to the beats ? Where 's the darkness gone ? Where 's the brilliance -LRB- some of the best hip-hop EVER -RRB- of Every Label Sucks , Smithaven Mall , Flip Side and Stanley Kubrick ? Night Of The Bloody Apes LP ? If you 're reading this and have n't heard of the tracks I 've listed , these are the tracks to find , otherwise steer clear of this half-hearted disapointment . -LRB- I did n't want to give this review dog , but you made me do it -RRB- . Oh , and the guy above - I think you 're refering to me - I am entitled to my opinion , and i 've probably been listening to this stuff since you were in kindergarten . For you to give this 5 stars shows the scope of your musical depth .
 His rappng is uninspired and his beats played out . Do n't waste your money on this dribble ... He sounds like a flunky of the Wu Tang.He talks hard , but he 's about as hard as warm yogurt .
 As great as this man is , this particular venture was a total waste full of filler except for the re-hashed original recording of `` Key To The World '' which even in this state sells the whole CD . Without this one cut it is n't worth a listen at all . The greatness was covered by commercialism . What a shame too !!
 I know this is just the soundtrack of the movie , but the music does n't sound good by itself . As a soundtrack , this music is hard to add to playlist because it 's not jazz or rock . So I do n't listen to it regularly .
 she has terrible flows , she 's a white girl trying to pull off the whole black thing ... what more can i say ... might as well buy a gallon of milk that has sat in the iraq desert sun for the last 5 years if you buy this crap ...
 All tooo much these days is these people trying to jump on the bandwagon of someone else 's success . I mean , please just the name . I do n't respect these souped up manufactured puppets who give what talent when they have it to the garbage collection by treating themselves to a double portion -LRB- or triple -RRB- of ` let me be disrespected because I have no respect for myself ' . You see , real respect goes out to REAL artists . Those are the ones who have something new to offer . I mean , there is this UK girl called Shanel , now she has a new style and raps , what 's different is this Shanel makes her own beats and runs her own label and does n't pretend to be someone else.Now that is what turns heads.Not some souped up tin-can head trying to measure herself as a Ferrari.Pl-easeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !
 the answer is `` black and white '' - this chick sucks.she doesnt sound `` original '' in the slightest , and her beats are laughable . On top of that , she does n't even have the decency to be attractive . spend your money elsewhere .
 After listening to this album from a friend , out of shear curiosity and amusement , I have very few positive things to say . I appreciate the effort , and Sarai 's voice talents , but the beats and flow is rediculous . The cookie-cutter sound of the music production and the meaningless lyrics make this CD a definite `` do n't bother . ''
 Does anyone remeber in 1991 the white girl rapper who did the song `` Pump It ? '' Not many ... i heard `` Ladies '' on the radio . I never really got into it . It sounded too hyper and annoyed me . I listened to the rest of her cd , though . A lot of it kind of sounds the same . A little bit of a calypso sound to most of them.It was n't that great of an idea for her to come out with `` Ladies '' first . People get the idea the whole cd will sound like that when it does n't . She 's not really bringing anything to hip-hop . Maybe Sarai 's just trying it out . Hip-hop has yet to see the `` great white female rapper . ''
 man what is she thinking doin an album ? she has some talent with rappin , but none to make a WHOLE cd the only real decent song is ladies and even that gets annoying with the chorus because it gets stuck in ur head and that sucks because she rhymes so fast , u cant hear what she is sayin so ur sayin `` ladies hands up lem me see u shake ur stuff , abc and d cups jfhsafajsdfhjsadb fellas hands high ... !!!!! it so sucks kuz then ur friends ask what u said and ur like i have no clue !!!! its not that shes white because i thought she was black when i heard her `` ladies '' song its juz her songs have no meaning to em ! when i heard people calling her feminem after i got the cd -LRB- which was today haha -RRB- i laughed so hard i couldnt stop because she is far from being eminem at least em 's songs got meaning to them and can actually move you !!!!!! this is gon na sound so dumb but i knew that ladies was gon na be a one hit wonder so i borrowed it from the library !!!
 After listening to this album from a friend , out of shear curiosity and amusement , I have very few positive things to say . I appreciate the effort , and Sarai 's voice talents , but the beats and flow is rediculous . The cookie-cutter sound of the music production and the meaningless lyrics make this CD a definite `` do n't bother . ''
 ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? THIS HAS GOT TO STOP!JUST BECAUSE EMINEM DOES A GREAT JOB AT WHAT HE DOESDOESNT MEAN EVERYONE CAN DO IT .
 C'mon Sarai do your research . Third Bass were great white rappers but just like in sports when something is popular and marketed well the money starts pouring in . While I think you have talent and I 'm not hatin ' on you , you 've bragged on yourself in tabloids and compared yourself to Eminem . You are not bringing a style to the table that warrants lots of discussion . Eminem is a profound rapper but he really just sounds black , not always like a great rapper ie
 This cd was recorded for -LRB- ... -RRB- girls , so they can keep furthering themslelves in their fake ghetto style
 i only heard one song by sarai . . called ladies WHO DOES SHE THINK SHE IS EMINEM ! . . i didnt know eminem had a evil chick twin . . her song sucked she cant rap for sh it not a good singer not a good act shell fade away soon . . nothing to see move on
 This Cd is so bad that I 'll have to use words to describe it : Bubblegum.Packaged.Commercial.Horrible.Non Talented.Greed.Money.Record Execs .
 Who does she think she is anyway!First Eniemen , now her.I ` ll tell ya straight off my back we ca n`t keep our music for a second!Also widt here lame old song called `` Ladies '' . Ill tell you what I wo n`t get it that ` s fo sho.Also next time she has another video if she can afford it it needs to have a better choeogropher . Peace 2 U !
 Give me break . This CD is GARBAGE . She is GARABGE . Her lyrics are weak . She has no talent what so ever . Why on earth would the record company waste their money on this waste I have no idea . Feminem is what they call her . . Give me a break . I do n't even like Em and that is a complete insult to him . And as a fan of hip hop music I 'm insulted . A complete insult to the genre of music . Chica needs to step back and find another career .
 This is a sorry excuse for hip hop music for anybody to call this woman the female eminem is an -LRB- wrong -RRB- . eminem is a talented and inspiring mc . this is total -LRB- garbage -RRB- and her record label should be sued for alowing this kind of poisen to reach the ears of there lisenters . so if you buy this album all you do is set a horrible presitent and alow more garbage and more -LRB- garbage -RRB- to hit the airways to tell the youth that did not grow up knowing hip hop classics like big ready to die or nas illmatic and , that this an acceptable way to produce an amazing artform . this is horrible .
 When I heard there was a new white girl rapper out , all i could think was one-hit wonder and nothing else . I was wrong . She was n't even a one hit wonder her single did n't last more than a week . She does n't even look good on her album cover .
 Whazzup wit the people from the Hudson Valley tryin to rap !! I mean seriously , first it was Amil , half of you people probably do n't even know who she is anymore !! And now here 's Sarai , surprising the world becuz she is white . You know what , who cares !!! Since when should color be involved in the music industry !! But I mean half of the things she 's talking about probably did n't even happen !! I mean if you guys just took one tour of my town Kingston , you would think this was the most boring town ever . And it is !! Nothing goes on around here that much to create a whole CD over it ! So do n't think just because she 's expressing her life to you guys that it 's true . Because for the most part it probably is n't !! I got her CD for curiosity . And guess how much it cost , $ 9.00 !! It does n't seem her music is doing so well . Yea there is a few songs that are good like ` What Mama Told Me ' . ` Ladies ' does n't really dazzle me . ` What Mama Told Me ' is the only song that actually sounds like something you 'd hear on the radio .
 reppin kingston , ny to the fullest ! haha ... another load of crap released from the bowels of the midhudson valley .
 Ok , when I first heard the single `` Ladies '' I was like , `` who is this girl , she 's pretty bad ! '' The DJs in the city I live in played it and people tore it apart . Then , and only then , did they announce she was white , so do n't make this into a color thing . Honestly , the girl is pitiful ! I have no problem with party songs , but at least write some cute lyrics to them . The song is so bad , it 's hilarious!But now for the color thing . If Eve , Missy , or Kim had lyrics like these when they went into the record company 's offices , they would 've gotten turned away ! This girl 's whole thing is that she 's a white female rapper , and unlike Eminem , that 's all she 's got going for her , and that ai n't even impressive!Girl , please , go away ! If I want a comedy album , I 'll buy one .
 PRINCESS SUPERSTAR WAS A WHITE FEMAL RAPPER IN THE DAYS OF 93 AND WAS PLAYING THIS RAP GAME BEFORE EM AND SARAI EVER RELEASED THERE FIRST ALBUM . WELL TO MOVE ON NOW SARAI IS GOOD BUT TOO LATE SHE NEEDS TO CHANGE HER SOUND BECAUSE SHE SOUNDS LIKE MY GIRLFRIEND TRINA .
 Sarai does n't seem to know who she wants to be
 Being a long time hip hop listener , I got ta say that this album is straight wack with a capital W. Not one song on here is hot , and the whole album is nothing more than garbage . And she thinks she 's fine too . She look like Paris Hilton 's twin sister . What she needs to do is go back to whateva she was doing before she made this album . Sarai a little advice , before you put out an album , make sure your lyrics and flows are creative . Peace .
 this cd sucks . if you want REAL rap wit REAL rhymes that have REAL meaning , check out Khia .
 Yo on the real this track is wack . This white girl cant rap ! i mean i guess maybe white people with cop this sh-t ... but even nowadays white folks are developing musical taste so i think this girl is going no where . My advise is dont cop it !! if you like bubble gum rap go to a candy store and ask for the neptunes new track . I bet this chick will be turning tricks in some back alley in a couple years for some c-rock hey then maybe this album will be worth something ! but then again i guess the pre teen white kids will love it you know what i wonder how much she signed for ?????? ...
 I expected to hear something totally different when I popped in the CD . First of all , they sound much better live than they do on this recording . Second , with Billy Zoom from the band X producing the CD , I expected him to capture their raw , country/rockabiily-tinged `` X-ish '' sound . But the production quality is weak ; a REALLY weak guitar sound -LRB- c'mon Billy -RRB- , way too much yodeling from the singer , and watered down versions of the songs I 've heard them play time and time again . Only a couple of the songs on the CD captured the energy they 've displayed on the Los Angeles club circuit . Overall
 R.A , what has happened ? I 've waited 10 years for this . I do n't mind your endless waffle about how broke you are , and how much you wish you were dead , but whats happened to the beats ? Where 's the darkness gone ? Where 's the brilliance -LRB- some of the best hip-hop EVER -RRB- of Every Label Sucks , Smithaven Mall , Flip Side and Stanley Kubrick ? Night Of The Bloody Apes LP ? If you 're reading this and have n't heard of the tracks I 've listed , these are the tracks to find , otherwise steer clear of this half-hearted disapointment . -LRB- I did n't want to give this review dog , but you made me do it -RRB- . Oh , and the guy above - I think you 're refering to me - I am entitled to my opinion , and i 've probably been listening to this stuff since you were in kindergarten . For you to give this 5 stars shows the scope of your musical depth .
 His rappng is uninspired and his beats played out . Do n't waste your money on this dribble ... He sounds like a flunky of the Wu Tang.He talks hard , but he 's about as hard as warm yogurt .
 First song has a catchy melody but actually grows tiresome within three and a half minutes . The rest of the tracks just do n't have much to recommend - competently played but no invention or intrigue .
 My personal opinion Sizzla is getting very boring . The best Sizzla cd 's are BLACK , WOMAN & CHILD-PRAISE YE JAH & FREEDOM CRY.He is a good artist but he needs to experiment some more musically .
 If you 're looking for the Drifters ' classic '50s version of `` White Christmas , '' look elsewhere . These are amateurish recent recordings by an anonymous-sounding group . The personnel is n't specified in the packaging , but I 'd be very surprised if any members of the real Drifters had anything to do with these tracks .
 Bad renditions . NOT the old classic Drifters , made famous by their cool old do-wop version of white christmas . Do n't fall for this bad imitation .
 Not even worth buying used . Too `` canned . '' None of the old Drifters ' spirit is in this collection . Fuhgetaboutit !
 While the other reviewers are correct about this being mostly -LRB- or maybe even all -RRB- remakes , this version of `` O Holy Night '' is spectacular . I have attempted to determine if it is a remake by comparisons -LRB- listening back and forth between other sources -RRB- and finally decided that IF it is a remake then the artist did an unbelievable job of matching the original . It does sound remastered which may indicate a remake but either way this song will give you goose bumps . Listen for yourself and you will at least download `` O Holy Night '' .
 This almost should n't be done . Of Montreal made two incredible , full , beautiful albums
 The one side was sratched . Was for grandson for Christmas . Record was defective . This is disappointibg . Thought merchant were be more respectable witg the quality .
 The CD and other armik CDs all sound like Greek music . I have a Greek CD I purchased in Greece . I can find some melodies sound exactly the same . It also sounds like Iranian music.This music is not flamenco flame or gypsy or new flamenco . I recommend Spanish artists .
 my favorite song on here is -LSB- god will take care of you -RSB- other then that the album gets a grade d now do n't get me wrong i am a out of eden fan i have all of there albums for real but this album i felt they could of added better music
 My personal opinion Sizzla is getting very boring . The best Sizzla cd 's are BLACK , WOMAN & CHILD-PRAISE YE JAH & FREEDOM CRY.He is a good artist but he needs to experiment some more musically .
 First song has a catchy melody but actually grows tiresome within three and a half minutes . The rest of the tracks just do n't have much to recommend - competently played but no invention or intrigue .
 If you 're looking for the Drifters ' classic '50s version of `` White Christmas , '' look elsewhere . These are amateurish recent recordings by an anonymous-sounding group . The personnel is n't specified in the packaging , but I 'd be very surprised if any members of the real Drifters had anything to do with these tracks .
 Bad renditions . NOT the old classic Drifters , made famous by their cool old do-wop version of white christmas . Do n't fall for this bad imitation .
 Not even worth buying used . Too `` canned . '' None of the old Drifters ' spirit is in this collection . Fuhgetaboutit !
 While the other reviewers are correct about this being mostly -LRB- or maybe even all -RRB- remakes , this version of `` O Holy Night '' is spectacular . I have attempted to determine if it is a remake by comparisons -LRB- listening back and forth between other sources -RRB- and finally decided that IF it is a remake then the artist did an unbelievable job of matching the original . It does sound remastered which may indicate a remake but either way this song will give you goose bumps . Listen for yourself and you will at least download `` O Holy Night '' .
 Of all Motown 's '60s artists , Brenda Holloway was without a doubt my favourite . She had an almost cult-like status in England , and even got her own hits album there in 1968 -LRB- `` The Artistry of Brenda Holloway '' -RRB- , even though she did n't have any ! She 's one of the few people who could sing the telephone directory and make it sound great . Unfortunately , on this collection she 's saddled with some quite dreadful songs , most of which are written by the producer , Preston Glass . Her vocals are still wonderful , and I just wish she had the material worthy of them . Hopefully , Fantasy will be good enough to do another album with her , this time using real musicians instead of the horrible synth-laden production . She looks great on the cover and it 's nice that she 's gets to make an album some 35 years plus after her hit single `` Every Little Bit Hurts '' . I 'd highly recommend the recent anthology on US Motown as a starting point ; there is also a British import titled `` Greatest Hits And Rare Classics '' -LRB- same repertoire as an early '90s US release , but with a much better cover -RRB- which has stereo mixes on most tracks -LRB- the US release is unfortunately in Mono -RRB- .
 Not that the artists who put this album together are bad ... but they are NOT the original artists ! Not by a long shot!I had no idea I was purchasing a Belgian import and am returning it . If you want an album for karoake , well , this might work fine , but if you are looking for a good compilation of classic motown , look elsewhere , please .
 i just want to hear the song please forgive me
 Contrary to previous reviews .1 . He does not sing or play like Jerry Lee Lewis .2 . He does not sing or play like the Professor3 . His piano playing is quite good-but not great .4 . His voice is Wonder-Bread bland .5 . His back-up bar band is OK.I do n't see what all the fuss is about.I recommend Mr. Vest utilize Amazon.com to make a purchase of a few Jerry Lee Lewis ' Mercury Records CD 's . He needs singing lessons and that would be a fine place to start .
 Nothing much to add - my title says it all . Do n't buy this boring , second rate CD . You 'll regret it if you do .
 I too was under the impression that the original artists would be singing those 70 's songs . NOT SO ! Had I been able to listen to a sample song , I never would have bought the CD . Listening to The BB Band made my head hurt . ... I could n't listen to the rest of the CD . Avoid this CD like the plague !
 The songs are sung by the BB Band and not by various artists as one might deduce from the item description . The song list shows original artist names , to be honest I did n't even listen to the entire album it was SO bad in my opinion . I sent it back .
 Of course not ... If you are looking for real salsa , look for something else , with a real beat , salsa instruments , trumpets , drums , and in Spanish
 It does not work with dancing . To much elecktrick , not salsa dance-able
 This Album is very bland . This Band on a whole tends to be very repetitive and it gets old very fast . I 'm sure If your into a few '' F -- you I 'm punk '' slogans then you 'll love this band . Pure Fashion Punk with slow drum beats . I 'm Sure the some of the '' Punx '' will love it for its run down rebelliousness
 This album was absolutly terrible . Is rather be sodimised by Rosie Odonell than listen to this cd . I recomend suicide to anyone you actually enjoys this album .
 After many great masterpieces , this one is far too slow . The voices are great as usual but it sounds like great voices singing bad songs with a kareoke background .
 When I purchased this CD I had hoped I was getting some new music from one of my favorite groups -LRB- note
 There is no group or singer in the world that I love more than the Dramatics . None ! I have almost all of their albums and CDs , including LJ -LRB- It 's LJ , not RJ ! -RRB- Reynolds ' solo projects , and I 'm still looking for more . But this album is awful ! With the exception of a couple of songs , it 's just too slow , syrupy , and sappy . It is good music to fall asleep to , though .
 This music does not go deep into the heart of the real salsero .
 This DVD is a bunch of `` who knows who 's '' giving us their opinion of Jon and the band . There is no way I would buy this again , if I could return it or give it away I would . Either you love the band or you do n't and I hate that I paid the money to watch a bunch of older men try to sway my fanship . This was a total waste of money . Just my opinion ... hope it helps !
 There 's many many albuns from zeze e luciano and what is really incredible is the fact that all the songs on all the albuns are totally lame !!! All the albuns got the same front cover photo of the 2 brothers in a totally embarassing way ... . If you want this kind of music , try Chitozinho e Xoror&oacute; , which whom zeze e luciano are romantic clones !! BLERGH !!! Got ta go ...
 OK . . I was actually looking forward to receiveing this CD . My mistake . So Michael landau is a player , and recognized as such . The songs suck , and no matter what , it always comes down to the songs . They have no meaningful structure , the lyrics are non sense half the time and the vocals are painful to listen to ... Are you kidding me ?? How could you listen to this and think thats worthy of releasing ?
 I have appreciated real flamenco music -LRB- Sabicas , Ramon Montoya , Manolo Sanlucar , Tomatito -RRB- , new/fusion flamenco -LRB- Paco de Lucia , Gerardo Nunez -RRB- , `` pop '' flamenco -LRB- Ketama , Pata Negra -RRB- and flamenco-influenced music -LRB- John Mclaughlin , Strunz and Farah -RRB- for many years . However , I 'm saddened by the amount of poor `` pseudo-flamenco '' around.Until recently , top of the list of shame was Otmar Liebert , whose tedious melodies , unimaginative songs structure and poor technique make tiring listening . Even sadder , though , is to hear what appears to be a reasonable Bazooki player trying to be a flamenco artist.Like finding an Indian restaurant in the heart of Amish Pennsylvania , this album bears little resemblance to the real thing . It is not flamenco , yet seems to attempt to `` wear Spain like a badge '' . The attempt does not convince . The songs are contrived , cliched and overly `` sugar-sweet '' , like `` The Osmonds for Spanish Guitar '' . This is sad to hear from what sounds like an otherwise accomplished musician . Still , as they say , `` Art 's for art `` s sake ... `` This album was a severe disappointment to me and will be to any serious Spanish music fan . This genre is potentially a rich vein of musical invention , and yet is being flooded by cynical romantic stylists , targeting poorly educated listeners . I can describe Armik 's music as , at best , kitsch ; at worst , sickly-sweet contrived romantic `` holiday music '' for people who have never been to Spain.For accessible , good Spanish guitar , I 'd recommend instead Ketama , whose roots in true Flamenco translate to well thought out , surprisingly catchy , but ultimately satisying songs , with sound musical values.As for Bazooki music , try listening to Zagros on Strunz and Farah 's `` Wild Muse '' , to see how beautiful this instrument can be.And as for Armik , well I leave the final comment to John Cleese in Monty Python 's `` Cheese Shop '' sketch - `` SHUT THAT BL ** DY BAZOOKI UP ! ''
 I was not able to sample any of the songs in the album for unknown reason -LRB- s -RRB- ? Although I declined to have any cookies set I doubt this would be the reason . Maybe next time ?
 A nice little piece of halloween nostalgia . Some of it is a bit annoying at times . There are some gems though . Trax 6,15,26,27,29 , and 30 are great . The gila monster , I was ateenage caveman and Frankie Frankenstein are a riot ... not worth the price though ... I recommend spook along with Zackerle ...
 This was once a favorite album and I had very high hopes for this remastered edition . Unfortunately I ca n't give this a thumbs up . I find it very harsh sounding and with a muted low end . If you read others that comment about the `` loudness wars '' or `` compressed dynamics '' of remastered discs - I 'd say this one is a prime example of that - of how remastering should not be done . It 's too bad , this really is a great album - just stay away from this edition if audio quality is a criteria . I 'm rarely driven to directly review something on Amazon , but this is an exception .
 This is n't a rating on the music itself , but the mp3 version of this classic . I 'm not sure why I 'd buy this as it only seems to contain four songs -- for $ 9.49 ? Um , I 'll buy them track by track for $ 4 , Amazon . What are you thinking ? And leaving out key tracks is irritating !
 One of the great unsolved mysteries of rock
 This record 's been around the block a couple of times and even a quick glance here at the other reviews tells me folks out there think the world of Rush but I gots to say first off the dude up front comes way too close to sounding like a cross between a chipmunk and a Muppet . And it 's not just the alarming Marc Bolan on helium vocal delivery either , the lyrics themselves made me get up and rummage round for alternative footwear . Shoes really if you must know , very nearly brown ones . I honestly do n't think I 'm kidding about this -- Hemispheres too I 've bunged in the Toshiba more than once , well away from that unspeakable cover -- so if we could somehow selectively expunge Geddy Lee 's excruciatingly cartoonical bleating we might just have ourselves here a right crunchy bunch of Canuckleheads .
 `` Shout to the Lord 2 '' ca n't hold a candle to the first cd . I had hoped for more of that amazing brass , but 2 has mostly noisy guitar backup . There 's also less of Darlene Zschech , which is disappointing . I do not recommend `` Shout to the Lord 2 '' and am sorry I bought it .
 My baby finds the video so boring . He wo n't sit to watch it because it does n't have a way to keep his attention . They should have had music cuz those are the only types of videos he likes ! If your looking for a good educational movie that keeps your baby 's attention buy a Barney movie .
 My son really enjoyed watching this DVD though not as much as his Baby Noah DVD from Baby Einstein . It was just unfortunate that we were only able to watch it a few times before the DVD stopped working .
 I strongly suggest not to buy this item . My kids love all the others but not this one . So far the length of it is the longest but full of boring scenes . My daughter is such a baby Einstein fan that I almost bought all their products from books to DVDs , but she wo n't sit to watch it from beginning to ending the very first time . It 's completely a waste of money . Seems they do n't have any new ideas to attract young viewers .
 Featured in this dvd are eyes , ears , mouth , nose , face , hands and feet . Each segment begins the same way by showing and speaking the word in 3 languages ; English , Spanish and French . So for face it is `` face , la cara , le visage '' . Then they show all kinds of faces on people , animals , toys , etc. . Then the hand of an artist draws a face and then there is a puppet segment . Afterwards they do another body part and it follows the same routine . They sing `` Head and Shoulders , Knees and Toes '' . Again , as with the other Baby Einstein dvd 's I have viewed , I am just not impressed . It 's just boring . Baby Neptune , Galileo , Newton & Numbers Nursery are the only ones that I 'd recommend . Read all of my reviews .
 I have most of the Baby Einstein videos . The last 2 releases are the worst work yet . The latest video , Da Vinci looks like they spend 2 days on it , mastered it , and shipped it out . The bonus materials are a joke . The Puppet show , is a total of 3 x 10 second clips . The DVD plays repeated company branded intros with more plugs to their web site . The original videos were good , and now , it 's obvious that it 's just a cash cow for Disney/Julie Aigner-Clark , so the value has gone down the tubes . If you are new to these videos , start with the first ones like Mozart , where they actually cared about baby development . I would not recommend buying this new .
 My 19-month old son is a big Baby Einstein fan , but this particular video does not hold his attention . I have been increasingly dissatisfied with the videos since the Baby Einstein Co. sold out to Disney , and I noticed it with this one especially . It seems much more like TV than the earlier videos . The images move too quickly , and the puppets do n't have as much character . I 'm disappointed !
 My son got this as a Christmas gift last year along with Baby Neptune -LRB- which he loves -RRB- . The first time we popped the DVD in he cried . For some reason he did n't like the monkey puppets at all and even after one year -LRB- he just turned two -RRB- he still does n't like it . Otherwise it seems like a good video to introduce the basic body parts , but the monkey puppets were a no-go .
 My son will not watch this Baby Einstein dvd . He does n't like the drawing aspect . On one instance-it was drawing a face-and let 's just be honest ... babies do n't have the attention span to watch something like that.He did n't last but about 2 minutes-and that was with me trying to be chatty about it while he watched . Not one of the best Baby Einstein dvd 's .
 My grandson , 15 months old , lost interest every time the hand drawings started . I understand that the `` Da Vinci '' in the title would imply that there are drawings , but it would have been a better DVD for my grandson if the creators had just left those out . He loves the World Animals DVD , but this one will just be filed away . I would n't recommend it .
 This is my first and only Baby Einstein DVD . I wo n't be buying another . Where is the narration ? Are all Baby Einsteins this lacking?First complaint - not enough narration . For each segment , the narrator speaks the body part one time in English , French , and Spanish , then repeats one time in English . Then we see about three minutes of images of that body part . The narrator speaks the word one more time . Then a puppet intermission , then the next body part . It 's about four to four and a half minutes from the beginning of one segment to the next . During that time your child hears , `` mouth , la boca , la bouche , mouth , < three minutes > , mouth . '' That 's it . How can you learn to speak a first -LRB- or second -RRB- language without hearing it ? How about a little repetition?Second complaint
 I typically order used DVDs and I rec 'd this one last week.I decided to play it this week for my son and it starts getting hung up within the first minute.This DVD will play with skipping and stopping until about 10 min in and then it just stops all together.all in all , I am not particularly pleased with this purchase , but that 's the risk you take when buying a used item I guess
 i got this for my son when he was around 11 months because he loved this other baby einstein dvd that is for sounds I think . well he hates this one . he is super busy and this has lots of parts that drag in it , and he really loves the cartoon monkey and bee but the show more of real life pics in this which he thinks is boring . this is probably fine for those babies that are pretty content with just anything , but if you have a little explorer I would skip this one .
 I was surprised to find that the dvd is pretty much without any spoken language . After reading the description , with reference to language tracks , I expected to find words spoken along with the classical music . That is not the case . Puppets introduce each section of the dvd . They say `` eye '' one time and show a picture of an eye . Then there is a long track of classical music accompanied by images of eyes . No repetition of the word . This is the case with each body part.I interact with my toddler as we watch dvds , so I 'm able to provide the verbal stimulation , but I was disappointed that we did n't get to hear other voices saying the word .
 What this music has to do with creativeity is beyond me . It 's nice , background typical new age music . Nothing special . I 've heard better .
 I have appreciated real flamenco music -LRB- Sabicas , Ramon Montoya , Manolo Sanlucar , Tomatito -RRB- , new/fusion flamenco -LRB- Paco de Lucia , Gerardo Nunez -RRB- , `` pop '' flamenco -LRB- Ketama , Pata Negra -RRB- and flamenco-influenced music -LRB- John Mclaughlin , Strunz and Farah -RRB- for many years . However , I 'm saddened by the amount of poor `` pseudo-flamenco '' around.Until recently , top of the list of shame was Otmar Liebert , whose tedious melodies , unimaginative songs structure and poor technique make tiring listening . Even sadder , though , is to hear what appears to be a reasonable Bazooki player trying to be a flamenco artist.Like finding an Indian restaurant in the heart of Amish Pennsylvania , this album bears little resemblance to the real thing . It is not flamenco , yet seems to attempt to `` wear Spain like a badge '' . The attempt does not convince . The songs are contrived , cliched and overly `` sugar-sweet '' , like `` The Osmonds for Spanish Guitar '' . This is sad to hear from what sounds like an otherwise accomplished musician . Still , as they say , `` Art 's for art `` s sake ... `` This album was a severe disappointment to me and will be to any serious Spanish music fan . This genre is potentially a rich vein of musical invention , and yet is being flooded by cynical romantic stylists , targeting poorly educated listeners . I can describe Armik 's music as , at best , kitsch ; at worst , sickly-sweet contrived romantic `` holiday music '' for people who have never been to Spain.For accessible , good Spanish guitar , I 'd recommend instead Ketama , whose roots in true Flamenco translate to well thought out , surprisingly catchy , but ultimately satisying songs , with sound musical values.As for Bazooki music , try listening to Zagros on Strunz and Farah 's `` Wild Muse '' , to see how beautiful this instrument can be.And as for Armik , well I leave the final comment to John Cleese in Monty Python 's `` Cheese Shop '' sketch - `` SHUT THAT BL ** DY BAZOOKI UP ! ''
 I was not able to sample any of the songs in the album for unknown reason -LRB- s -RRB- ? Although I declined to have any cookies set I doubt this would be the reason . Maybe next time ?
 This CD is okay , but some of the tracks the makers chose to put on it were just horrible ideas . The CD has some good songs at the beginning , but as it progresses the songs get worse and worse , until you just want to hurl some blunt object at your CD player . You really should buy some other Rockabilly CD . There are some that are really much better .
 Stay away from all the crap zeze e luciano done ... It 's all the same nulity , some of the worst you can get from the music industry ! It 's so lame and ridiculous ... JUST LOOK AT THE ALBUM FRONT COVER !!!! UNBELIAVABLE , but sad but true !
 Practically half of the selections on this CD start out exactly the same !!!! Then they go into endless jazz style rambling in the body of the song until the end of the selection when the same old intro is repeated again !!! This music severly lacks originality . I like this group 's playing and it could be enjoyable with some variety .
 The NovaMenco brothers are long on hair and short on everything else . From the reviews I expected to hear something new and different . -LRB- `` Best modern flamenco-jazz fusions , '' one said . -RRB- Regrettably , it was nothing of the sort . `` New flamenco , '' `` jazz-flamenco fusion , '' etc. , are labels that are both extremely inaccurate and highly misleading because this is no more nor less than muzak carried on the back of a rumba flamenca rhythm - which latter , unfortunately , it succeeds in smothering . But there 's your `` fusion ''
 NovaMenco have a lot of potential , but they have produced an average CD here . They are technically gifted musicians but this disk lacks heart and passion . The music is very repetitive ... one hears the same pyrotechnic riff over and over in both of their albums.If you 're looking for some outstanding neuevo flamenco guitar music try Oscar Lopez or Jesse Cook . If you want some of the real thing , hot enough to melt your heart , go for Chuscales . If you 're just looking for some background music , NovaMenco may do .
 Listen to the sound clips - the only difference in songs is how fast or slow they play them . Were they meant to sound the same maybe ? I do n't get it . I 'm sure glad Amazon let 's you preview before you buy .
 Featured in this dvd are eyes , ears , mouth , nose , face , hands and feet . Each segment begins the same way by showing and speaking the word in 3 languages ; English , Spanish and French . So for face it is `` face , la cara , le visage '' . Then they show all kinds of faces on people , animals , toys , etc. . Then the hand of an artist draws a face and then there is a puppet segment . Afterwards they do another body part and it follows the same routine . They sing `` Head and Shoulders , Knees and Toes '' . Again , as with the other Baby Einstein dvd 's I have viewed , I am just not impressed . It 's just boring . Baby Neptune , Galileo , Newton & Numbers Nursery are the only ones that I 'd recommend . Read all of my reviews .
 I have most of the Baby Einstein videos . The last 2 releases are the worst work yet . The latest video , Da Vinci looks like they spend 2 days on it , mastered it , and shipped it out . The bonus materials are a joke . The Puppet show , is a total of 3 x 10 second clips . The DVD plays repeated company branded intros with more plugs to their web site . The original videos were good , and now , it 's obvious that it 's just a cash cow for Disney/Julie Aigner-Clark , so the value has gone down the tubes . If you are new to these videos , start with the first ones like Mozart , where they actually cared about baby development . I would not recommend buying this new .
 My 19-month old son is a big Baby Einstein fan , but this particular video does not hold his attention . I have been increasingly dissatisfied with the videos since the Baby Einstein Co. sold out to Disney , and I noticed it with this one especially . It seems much more like TV than the earlier videos . The images move too quickly , and the puppets do n't have as much character . I 'm disappointed !
 My son got this as a Christmas gift last year along with Baby Neptune -LRB- which he loves -RRB- . The first time we popped the DVD in he cried . For some reason he did n't like the monkey puppets at all and even after one year -LRB- he just turned two -RRB- he still does n't like it . Otherwise it seems like a good video to introduce the basic body parts , but the monkey puppets were a no-go .
 My baby finds the video so boring . He wo n't sit to watch it because it does n't have a way to keep his attention . They should have had music cuz those are the only types of videos he likes ! If your looking for a good educational movie that keeps your baby 's attention buy a Barney movie .
 My son really enjoyed watching this DVD though not as much as his Baby Noah DVD from Baby Einstein . It was just unfortunate that we were only able to watch it a few times before the DVD stopped working .
 I strongly suggest not to buy this item . My kids love all the others but not this one . So far the length of it is the longest but full of boring scenes . My daughter is such a baby Einstein fan that I almost bought all their products from books to DVDs , but she wo n't sit to watch it from beginning to ending the very first time . It 's completely a waste of money . Seems they do n't have any new ideas to attract young viewers .
 My grandson , 15 months old , lost interest every time the hand drawings started . I understand that the `` Da Vinci '' in the title would imply that there are drawings , but it would have been a better DVD for my grandson if the creators had just left those out . He loves the World Animals DVD , but this one will just be filed away . I would n't recommend it .
 This is my first and only Baby Einstein DVD . I wo n't be buying another . Where is the narration ? Are all Baby Einsteins this lacking?First complaint - not enough narration . For each segment , the narrator speaks the body part one time in English , French , and Spanish , then repeats one time in English . Then we see about three minutes of images of that body part . The narrator speaks the word one more time . Then a puppet intermission , then the next body part . It 's about four to four and a half minutes from the beginning of one segment to the next . During that time your child hears , `` mouth , la boca , la bouche , mouth , < three minutes > , mouth . '' That 's it . How can you learn to speak a first -LRB- or second -RRB- language without hearing it ? How about a little repetition?Second complaint
 I typically order used DVDs and I rec 'd this one last week.I decided to play it this week for my son and it starts getting hung up within the first minute.This DVD will play with skipping and stopping until about 10 min in and then it just stops all together.all in all , I am not particularly pleased with this purchase , but that 's the risk you take when buying a used item I guess
 i got this for my son when he was around 11 months because he loved this other baby einstein dvd that is for sounds I think . well he hates this one . he is super busy and this has lots of parts that drag in it , and he really loves the cartoon monkey and bee but the show more of real life pics in this which he thinks is boring . this is probably fine for those babies that are pretty content with just anything , but if you have a little explorer I would skip this one .
 I was surprised to find that the dvd is pretty much without any spoken language . After reading the description , with reference to language tracks , I expected to find words spoken along with the classical music . That is not the case . Puppets introduce each section of the dvd . They say `` eye '' one time and show a picture of an eye . Then there is a long track of classical music accompanied by images of eyes . No repetition of the word . This is the case with each body part.I interact with my toddler as we watch dvds , so I 'm able to provide the verbal stimulation , but I was disappointed that we did n't get to hear other voices saying the word .
 My son will not watch this Baby Einstein dvd . He does n't like the drawing aspect . On one instance-it was drawing a face-and let 's just be honest ... babies do n't have the attention span to watch something like that.He did n't last but about 2 minutes-and that was with me trying to be chatty about it while he watched . Not one of the best Baby Einstein dvd 's .
 This is the most annoying song I 've ever heard . Wherever I go all I hear is people singing `` To the left ! To left ! '' and `` You must not know ` bout me ! You must not know ` bout me ! '' . Over and over again . And that `` No Scrubs '' theme was played out back in 2000 but Beyonce is still dragging it out . If she 's not singing about how sexy her body is or going clubbin ' with her girls , then she 's singing about some loser . Some women think just because they 're attractive and buy their guys expensive gifts , then they 're going to have their behinds ki $ $ ed . Then when it does n't work out they get upset and start singing `` Me , Myself , and I '' Part 100 . This song lacks maturity and depth and is for simpletons .
 This song is more of a Destinys Child first album song . This did n't sound well coming out of a grown woman at all . I hate it .
 The Freemasons are able to take a Chevy and turn it into a Rolls Royce . Where is the full length Freemasons remix . This single is not worth the price with just 2 short versions on it .
 BREGA is the portuguese translation to LAME ! Zeze e luciano are SOOOOOOO BREGA ... I ca n't even describe how mediocre the 2 are as musicians ! There 's a lot of people in Brazil who likes this total imbecility , but there 's also a lot of people who likes kinds like backstreet boys or Paris Hilton ... So it seems like a lot of people do n't understand what music is ...
 I recently bought this album on a risk , seeing the very colorful and creative cover . However I should of listened to the phrase `` You ca n't judge a CD by the linear notes '' . The band is not too orginal , and each song sounds the same ... alternative music . They do n't even seem to be into thier own music .
 Anybody who buys this CD is a muppet . Fact .
 while Macy Gray had a Interesting Vocal Presentation it 's always been about Her Band & overall presentation that has made Her interesting but the last album & this Album have continued a Downward Spiral that shows no signs of ever gaining a return or I should say match her Live on Stage Pressence.She has alot of Hit & Miss Moments on this set & She on certain spots on this set is trying to seek out past Success but there really is n't a knock out or catchy track that can return Her.the Album title says it all because She has n't truly found Her Musical Idenity fully .
 I do n't have much to say about this album because Macy has not left much for me to talk about . This album , while strong in lyrics and emotion , fails to be wise musically . Normally , that 's not important to me . However , Macy tends to use her disco sounds and keyboard riffs all too frequently in every song . This has been a tendency since her sophomore effort , `` The Id '' . It seems that with each album Miss Gray releases , there are fewer songs that grab the ear . This time , it 's the only radio-worthy tune/first single `` When I See You '' , the hip tune `` It Ai n't The Money '' , and a humorous look at Grays fondest '' ... Childhood Memories '' . Unlike her pretty awesome debut and fair followup , it also seems like Macy Gray is running low on her gas . The energy that was all too clever in the first two albums has worn off . She relies on softer tunes with this album , and that 's not something she does very well . Unfortunately , Macy Gray is n't the type of artist who can sing anything she wants or do anything she wants and still sound great . I respect her musicianship and lyrics . She just needs to work on what she does with those lyrics.I suppose all in all I 'm saying this album is impossible to listen to from beginning to end , and that 's sad .
 she sounds awful.if ever her , bob dylan and tom waits get together , they can make the all time comedy cd .
 I 've had this album since July but I never got around to listening to it . I finally listened to it , and it kind of makes me understand why no one has this.If you have her last album , you know that the problem with it was that a lot of the songs sounded like the songs from her first album . Consequently , that 's also the case here . The leadoff single `` She Ai n't Right For You '' sounds a little like `` Still '' , while `` When I See You '' reminds me of `` Why Did n't You Call Me '' from album one and `` Harry '' from album two.But the main problem with this album has to do with the songs themselves . While the aforementioned songs can be said to be unoriginal , most of the other songs are TOO original - in other words , there 's a difference between unique and weird . `` It Ai n't The Money '' -LRB- featuring Pharoahe Monch and produced by Beck -RRB- is completely crazy and I do n't have the slightest idea what any of them are talking about . And songs like `` Jesus For A Day '' , `` My Fondest Childhood Memories '' , and `` She Do n't Write Songs About You '' will leave you scratching your head.In short , The Trouble With Being Myself is so out there that it places itself in the running with Cherrywine 's Bright Black and Jewel 's 0304 as being the weirdest album of the year . Of course , if you hate Macy 's voice , you 'll probably want to skip this album anyway , but the rest of us wo n't really be impressed with it either.Anthony Rupert
 this cd is so bad hilary duff is better then macy gray dony never buy this boring cd it is not good one bet i dont like any song me in my mom had to return this cd but then i tould my mom that i was going to give to my dog this cd is not good
 `` the trouble with being myself is that I 'm too embarassed to admit that I swallowed a frog and my record execs are pimpin ' me to put out mess despite my suffering vocal skills '' - Macy Gray
 the music overpowers macy 's great voice . . real bad job of production . . would not recomend this album to show off macy
 Macy 's first disk was a fresh , funky mess . The second was a funky mess . This one drops the adjectives altogether . The melodies feel second-hand , and the only interesting musical moment comes when she snitches a rhythm track from Kraftwerk -LRB- those funky homosapiens ! -RRB- . She also snitches a song title from the Beatles and constructs some sort of ambivalent reaction to the war around it that ends up being as muddled as everything here . The much-discussed `` Childhood Memories '' is nothing more than a novelty song ; and the novelty that is Macy 's croak really wears thin on this , to the point where the shrill `` Sreamin ' '' is unlistenable . She looks fabulous in the cover photos , though .
 Why zeze e luciano choose to be musicians ? I really do n't understand ... I also do n't understand how can i human being listen to this ??? Why a person listen to this when can listen to Beatles , Pink Floyd , Rolling Stones ? WHYYYYYY ???
 THIS IS NOT - REPEAT - NOT CELINE DION !! Need I say more ? OK - it is performed by someone calle `` Alicia '' and there is absolutely no information inside who she is . What you do hear is she 's not even close to Celine - often under the pitch . The music is over-produced and on top of the vocals so it 's irritating to boot . DO NOT BUY THIS CD IF YOU WANT TO HEAR CELINE DION OR ANYTHING THAT SOUNDS LIKE HER !! IT IS A RIP-OFF AND AMAZON SHOULD NOT BE SELLING THIS!Patric Hale
 I agree with the first reviewer . This is a TOTAL rip off ! One star is one too many ; but I did n't have a choice.Im very disappointed that Amazon sells this and , lists it under a search for Celine Dion . This CD belongs on a bargain table at a dollar store.I 've learned a lesson to be more careful and not to assume something is , when it is not - even when it has the artist 's name in Large Letters on the product and Amazon sells it . Shame on me .
 I bought this thinking that it was a compilation of songs sung by Celine Dion ... it is NOT . I was horribly disappointed . No one can re-do a Celine Dion song and do it justice . If you are looking for a good compilation album buy something that is actually sung by Celine !!! DO NOT BUY THIS , you will be disappointed
 This is a deception , coming after the good `` ALLIED FORCES '' . It is a short , weal album , it seems it was made only to fulfill business agreements . Very bad . `` ALL THE WAY '' is the best song in it .
 Always surrender to the fact that Rik Emmet is the only good musician in Triumph . But he ca n't make this album work only by himself , so the result is disappointing . Its Triumph 's worst album .
 If i could erase the past , i 'll change a lot of things in the music industry ... This terrible mistake zeze e luciano is one of those things ... . Man , i 'm so sad that this kind of crap exists ... The world could be better without this brain destroyer !!!!
 The Freemasons full length club mix of `` Ring The Alarm '' is great , yet it is not included on either the `` Ring The Alarm '' CD single or the `` Irreplaceable '' singles . I do n't understand why the label chose only to include the radio edit here , but it made me decide to not purchase the single . I 've said it before and I 'll say it again
 i think a one star rating is being generous . i bought this used and wished i had n't wasted my money . the cover of moondance is worth keeping only because of kenny rankin 's vocal , the champlin song is ok but certainly not as good as another reviewer suggested and the remaining songs are mediocre smooth jazz -LRB- and that 's being kind -RRB- . i really do n't understand why a cd this poor gets released while a really fine recording like nightrider is only available as a used lp . if you have n't heard nightrider you should consider buying it on vinyl if you can find it .
 The movie will never compare to the original Broadway show and the Revival Broadway show but it is bareable to watch . Actually it 's better than nothing . But to get the sound tract album is a waste of money . Your ears will not like the voices of the 3 main characters and then , why should they ... Hollywood almost had it right . If you look at all the other musical movies over the ages they casted people that had musical talent ... If you want a great cast recording of `` Chicago '' get the Broadway or Broadway Revival version . It 's alot better on the ears . And what is the Rap thing at the end ? Have they lost their minds ? Where do they get this stuff from ? ... Plus it has NOTHING to do with the musical show `` Chicago '' and is a terrible insult to the original composers ...
 So sorry folks , but after hearing Michael Douglas 's wife sing , if she should ever try again , please let it be in Sing , Sing , the Prison . Talk about poor , and Zellwigger , also needs to pick up both the pace and the FEELING a few hundred rpm 's . This cast is BLAND ! The music is great , and true to the original stage work . If there is a high spot , it has to be Queen Latifa 's `` When you 're good to Mama '' . The `` Cellblock Tango '' is bearly audible in it 's first few bars . I had to turn up the volume to 72 to even hear anything , then I had to turn it down again , when the Ladies finally decided to project their voices.Want a great version , buy either of the Broadway or London Cast albums . They are full of LIFE , Vitality and FEELING ! ANY other cast beats the movie cast hands down !!!! That 's Hollywood 's main problem when they do a Musical . THEY RUIN IT ! Ruin it , by placing big current names in parts that the ACTORS should NEVER have been cast in . Come on , this Film 's cast must be on Vallium.So , BUY CHICAGO , THE Original CAST , with Gwen Verdon , Chita Rivera , Jerry Orbach -LRB- Law & Order , F/X , the Fantastics -RRB- , orthe Revival cast with , Bebe Neuworth -LRB- Frasier -RRB- and Ann Reinking , James Naughton and Joel Grey.or finally , The London cast with Ute Lemper.THESE ARE GREAT RECORDINGS you are sure to love even better than this Prozac soundtrack version . That 's where YOU ARE SURE TO FIND , `` ALL THAT JAZZ ! `` Sorry I Spent my money on this one !
 The soundtrack to the revival musical is much better . Not only are its renditions of the songs heard in the movie WAY BETTER , but you hear a lot of songs that the movie 's missing .
 what an album -- and movie!ALL the songs are first rate-we are of the depression generation and LOVE 20 's -30 's music !! Take a tripinto the past -- if you DARE ! cant wait for the MOVIE !! looks likeMoulin Rouge
 Practically growing up on the London Revival Cast with Ute Lemper and Ruthie Henshall , I was pleasantly unsurprised by the vocal talents of Renee Zellwigger and Catherine Zeta Jones . While both have very pleasant voices , they lack the `` umph '' which the London Revival Recording so well portrays . ALL THAT JAZZ , sounds faded , weak , and missing something . FUNNY HONEY is a nice attempt , and I do give Renee credit , but I still feel that Henshall was best . Overall , get the London CD , you will be much better off for your buck .
 If it was n't for the new Kander and Ebb song `` I MOVE ON '' this CD would be worthless in comparison to the Broadway Original or Broadway Revival recordings of CHICAGO.I do n't know if it is just the way in which the sound was processed ? But I do n't understand why this movie did n't put together a better band to play the music.What happened to the sultry , sharp , jazz edge of Chicago ? I know it was n't really in the movie , but you think they would have atleast kept it in the music.Also , when you do n't have the costumes , lights and editing of the movie , what is lacking in the singing and acting of this Chicago 's Roxie and Billy is incredibly apparent.If you like Hollywood and Pop Im sure this will add perfectly to your collection . If you like Broadway and Jazz stay Far Far Away.More movie musicals . But please ... Do n't condescend to the musical theatre form . Just because it is a movie does n't mean satire should be turned into parody and bite should be turned into fluff .
 i was very disappointed in the cd . it started out great but there was no reason to put in all the hip hop music at the end.the ending of the cd was bad . i would not recommend this cd to anyone .
 now , this was a story written a long time ago . but it still falls flat . the songs are unemotional and stupid . the beats are too modern , now sounding like something that was trying to be a hip CD . the music was supposed to sound old and untouched . the lyrics can be funny , but are not top noch . if you need to listen to a good musical , listen to Moulin Rouge . Moulin Rouge was much better than Chicago . Chicago , in my opinion , was just trying too hard ...
 By far the worst soundtrack i 've ever listened to . Even if you liked the music in the film you will be tortured by the sounds on this CD
 This is enjoyable , but not nearly as good as the Broadway versions . 1996 's cast album with Bebe Neuwirth and Ann Reinking is fabulous -LRB- James Naughton is an excellent Billy Flynn -RRB- . The Gwen Verdon/Chita Rivera/Jerry Orbach album is also wonderful . The movie soundtrack does not come close to rivaling either one -- the actors were cast primarily as actors , not singers ! Richard Gere comes off as especially weak .
 I ordered a total of 3 CDs however I only received 2 of them . I did not receive Voyage/Echoes of Paradise .
 I have n't heard this album in 33 years and brings back memories when I was a kid and bought it on vinyl . I still remember every song and every word and do n't know how you categorize this release however I think it 's a classic . I would give this release 4 stars however my review is based on the remastering from according to the record label `` Original Masters '' . I listen to my music on a full stereo set up with pro speakers and this edition sounds awful ! Sounds too compressed and the separation and mix of the instruments needs some serious improvements . This also sounds very thin and could use some extra bass . The only part of this release that sounds good is the vocals however I hope the next edition will be a `` Deluxe '' version with outtakes and maybe some live tracks and the main improvement , a better mastering job !
 The above says it all . Let 's face it folks , this album is simply horrible . The songs are bad , the singing is bad , the production is bad , the music is bad , the album cover is ugly and the singer 's name is stupid . This album has absolutley no redemaing feature . None . Forget it .
 Good heavens , are people still falling for this crap?This junk sounded horrible back in the 70 's and , as astonishing as it seems , sounds even worse today .
 I will readily admit that I bought a copy of this album back in 1978 . I was a freshman in high school and very impressionable . This album was everywhere so , like the rest of the cultural lemmings around me , I bought it , and bought INTO it hook , line , and sinker.Recently , I dug out the old vinyl -LRB- 12 ' inch round platter with a small hole in the center -RRB- to relive that time and spent every moment of it laughing in disbelief . I was not really expecting to be taken with it all these years later , after all tastes do change , but I was not prepared for just how monumentally horrible it was going to sound some 20 + year down the road.These songs are BAD , and I mean this in the traditional sense of the term as in terrible , wretched , stomach churning . What 's even worse is the pompous production which manages to drown out any vague melodic interest that might even be lurking underneath it . But all these factors together do proved a certain level of entertainment . Like that campy horror movie from the 1950 's it can , given the right setting , produce howls of laughter brought on by moments of unintended humor .
 Actually , this is n't true . This album 's sequel , the oh so cleverly titled `` Bat Out of Hell II '' is just like this one making them two of a kind . But anyhow , they both are pretty bad . Laughable in one sense , but hardly in the same league as the albums the previous reviewer lists .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CD . I have never written an online review on any product before but I felt compelled to write one on this CD : I was excited to get Meatloaf 's `` remastered '' `` Bat Out of Hell '' in the mail but when I played it the first time I was sorely disappointed . I have heard this music in it 's original form many times , and it is amazing , but this remastered version seems to have upped the bass element to a point that I developed listener fatigue halfway through the first -LRB- title -RRB- cut . I tried adjusting the bass on my stereo -LRB- yes a real stereo , not an I-home or Bose -RRB- but along with bringing the bass in line it destroyed the rich tones of Meatloaf 's vocals.My next purchase will be the same album only from a used un-remastered 1980 's CD -LRB- if such a thing exists -RRB- or to dig out the old turntable and buy a 1970 's vinyl version at a rummage sale and hope it 's not too scratched up . It 's sad state of affairs !
 The 70 's produced a lot of horrid music and this is a shining example . I read people here calling this `` classic '' . That makes me wonder if eithe A -RRB- the definition of the word has changed or B -RRB- the stats about increased drug abuse by Americans are indeed true . This an overproduced silly and dated sounding mish mash of violins and bad guitar playing . The lyrics are utterly forgettable as well . This disc can usually be found as a super saver for $ 9.99 . Take your 9.99 and go see a good movie . This is a waste of time and money , even the cover is stupid ...
 I was in high school when this album was released . I did n't get it then , and I do n't get it now . I 've tried , mind you . I had a roommate in college who loved this thing and I honestly let him try and explain to me how he could possibly like this stuff which was off too over the top for me . There have been many albums I did not like when there were first released but later ended up liking . We just agreed to disagree.Anyway , I guess I should be appalled that at this day in age there are still people who think of this as classic stuff , but by and large I just shake my head in disbelief . To each his -LRB- or her -RRB- own , I suppose , but for me , 21 years after its release I still do n't get it .
 As much as I dispise this album -LRB- and believe me - I LOATH IT -RRB- I am actually grateful to it . So desperate was I for alternative back in 1978 -LRB- when this was everywhere -RRB- I went looking and discovered The Clash , The Rammones , and others .
 This has got to be one of the stupidest and most pompous albums ever recorded . It has everything to do with pomposity , and NOTHING to do with rock and roll .
 There is something almost perversely fascinating about `` Bat Out of Hell . '' It is n't very good music . In fact it is mostly pretty horrid . Yet it is almost a situation in which it is so bad that one ca n't stop listening to it . There is the occasional listenable melody , the always painfully overwrought lyrics , and the embarrassingly overblown production . Somehow it all adds up for the perfect music for masochists .
 . . Thank god I never bought this crappy crap of the Most Magnificently Over-Produced , Mediocre , Monotone , Flesh-Ripping for impunity , bore of an album !!! I scream for mercy after 20 seconds of each song . . !!! Only because , every single song on here needs to be , , , , -- 20 seconds !! They keep playing the same chorus the Entire time for each track ! There 's nothing new . No changes . No leads . No anger . No Love . No dimension at all . I get so bored hearing the same prosaic line over and over and over ... -LRB- get the point -RRB- Damn ! That 's got to be sooooo boring to play.Ask yourself a question . . Coors Lite or Hefenweizen ? Plain ol' sunny side ups , or a chili cheese omelet smothered in tabasco ? Straight to bed ? , or a Jack on the rocks for a night cap . If your answer is the 2nd on each , then this music is probably not for you . Can we say `` Humdrum ? `` I do n't even know how to explain this . It seems like it 's Christian soft rock . Like they would play for a church . I know they are n't though . I definitely would tell you that I like Meatloaf as a person and entertainer , but his music sucks.The title song , `` BAT OUT OF HELL '' is decent . Tolerable . Sounds like '' ` cool mom '' ' rock -LRB- -LRB- I mean SOFT , FAKE rock -RRB- -RRB- from the 70 's or something . ? $ @ ! -LRB- -LRB- Whatever that means ??? -RRB- -RRB- If I were ever to shop at one of those fancy , clothing outdoor-mall stores for middle aged burn outs who still think they 're hip , I would expect to hear this playing . ... so they will keep consuming . `` YOU TOOK THE WORDS -- '' This one starts out kinda good , but after ... -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- 20 seconds , it goes and repeats itself until you want to fork your eyeballs out of their sockets to ease your pain . . The name of the song is practically the entire lyrics over and over . ARE THEY SERIOUS ! He could n't find just ONE MORE effing verse ! `` HEAVEN CAN WAIT '' It 's ok . but it 's too long , they do n't change it up enough for the length of this number . - A third of the way in , you expect it to kick in and reverse itself of something . You know ... . start to get interesting again . Half way through you just press ` skip ' . He sings it well , and he 's got a good voice here . But , Its too long , too monotonous . - hard to keep the faith . Too bad ... '' ALL REVVED UP WITH NOWHERES TO GO '' This , with BAT OUT OF HELL , are the only two songs that are worth listening to on this album . Oh yeah , with a bit of HEAVEN . . There 's a little riff in here that 's kinda catchy . But do n't get your hopes up.TWO OUT OF THREE AI N'T BAD ... Do you really want to know how gut-churning this song is ??? Well , I 'm not gon na tell ya . You deserve better.PARADISE BY THE DASHBOARD LIGHT . . Now that I think about it . . I never did get through the entire song here . . I took a burning hot steel metal rod and burned my ears down to my skull , and singed my eardrums shut forever half way through it . PURE SACRILEGE.FOR CRYING OUT LOUD . . Now that my eardrums are charcoaled with carbon and resin . This song played . -- Wow , I did n't think It could get any worse ! Now , I realized I did n't do a good enough job . I ended up burning my flesh with acid and carving my brain into pieces for my sanity back . This is GOD AWEFUL ! Simply Hell on Earth torture . Singing commercials for a Corolla are better than this droning crap!But hey . In all fairness , I must say that I do n't hate Mr. Loaf -LRB- or his fans -RRB- . . Just his music . I love his personality on stage . He 's got a lot of charisma energy , and that 's awesome . He was GREAT in ROCKY HORROR by the way . As sickening as this might sound to you , I would go see him live , just for the enlightment of his stage act . . . maybe I 'd leave early , who knows.Anyways , this album ? Skip it . It 's ' 77 , if you do n't have it by now . Something told you that you already knew better . There 's nothing on here that you 'll miss . Three decent songs . But not good enough for repeat listening pleasure . I give it 2 stars . 1 for the cover art . It 's cool . ... but it 's misleading for the tone of the music . Makes you think your getting a rock n roll album when your not . plain and simple . and 1 star for Mr. Loaf himself.P.S . Mr. 2112 are you out there ? do n't be afraid , I 'd love to hear from ya ...
 I will readily admit that I bought a copy of this album back in 1978 . I was a freshman in high school and very impressionable . This album was everywhere so , like the rest of the cultural lemmings around me , I bought it , and bought INTO it hook , line , and sinker . Recently , I dug out the old vinyl -LRB- 12 ' inch round platter with a small hole in the center -RRB- to relive that time and spent every moment of it laughing in disbelief . I was not really expecting to be taken with it all these years later , after all tastes do change , but I was not prepared for just how monumentally horrible it was going to sound some 20 + year down the road . These songs are BAD , and I mean this in the traditional sense of the term as in terrible , wretched , stomach churning . What 's even worse is the pompous production which manages to drown out any vague melodic interest that might even be lurking underneath it . But all these factors together do proved a certain level of entertainment . Like that campy horror movie from the 1950 's it can , given the right setting , produce howls of laughter brought on by moments of unintended humor .
 Wherever I go I run into two kinds of people . Those who know very little about music who love this album , and those who know quite a bit and despise this album with every fiber of their being.There 's a reason for this . This album is junk . Tedious beyond belief , and capable of inducing a monumental amount of eye rolling . Sure it was a huge seller 20 years ago , but so was `` Grease , '' `` Saturday Night Fever '' and a host of other bad albums . Then again , no one has ever gone broke underestimating the taste of the American public .
 ... This is , quite simply , one of the most horrid examples of 70 's excess . Incredibly overblown this stuff is woefully dated and , if one can fathom the notion , even more unpleasant to listen to today than it was some 20 years ago . That this album still sells is further proof that no one will ever go broke underestimating the taste of the American public . This `` music '' makes Queen sound tasteful and refined .
 It is sad , and more than a little scary , to see how many reviews use the word `` classic '' to describe this roadkill of an album . To do so further reduces the word to utterly uselessness . `` Bat Out of Hell '' remains what is was in 1978 -- a horrifically bad set of songs made all the worse by the bombastic and pompous production . One gets the sense that the singer has some power in his voice , but the fact that he uses it on tripe such as this makes it all a waste of studio time . The fact that people still listen to this today just goes to show that no one has even gone broke underestimating the taste of the American public . If you have not had a copy of this for the past 23 years you need to think long and hard
 Largely a one shot gimmick from the late 70 's that rebounded during a brief 70 's revival in the early 80 's . This stuff is n't even good enough to qualify as camp . It was mildly amusing at the time , but why there is any interest in it at the dawn of the 21st century is amazing .
 YUCK ! Meatloaf the singer is every bit as good as meatloaf the food
 I think people confuse this below average sacrafice with the well above average Performance Video . So much of this work depends on visual cues , it loses a lot when only listened to . I would rank the video 4or5 stars , but the audio submission is weak and tiny . LINER NOTE
 With its bombastic production , wretched lyrics , and incompetant singing , `` Bat Out of Hell '' is just that - hell . Along with disco , it was so called music like this that helped make the late 70 's a most miserable expereince for anyone following popular culture .
 This has got to be the stupidest album ever recorded , and if not , it is pretty close.The songs are embarassingly bad - way too showy , and the production is even worse.Even the cover `` art '' is ugly .
 Good heavens , are people still falling for this crap?This junk sounded horrible back in the 70 's and , as astonishing as it seems , sounds even worse today .
 Good heavens , are people still falling for this crap?This junk sounded horrible back in the 70 's and , as astonishing as it seems , sounds even worse today .
 If anyone needs further evidence that the late 1970 's produced some of the worst music ever recorded , here is all they will need.The songs are bad enough but they are rendered cringe worthy by the bombastic over production of the talentless Jim Stienman.Why people still listen to this 20 years later is one of the great mysteries of American pop culture . Thank God bands like the Ramones and the Clash kept the period from being a total waste , and perhaps we should all be thankful that this album gave them something to rebel against !
 Of the three songs released as singles from this album , two of them `` Two Out Of Three Ai n't Bad , '' and `` You Took The Words Out Of My Mouth , '' can still manage to garner attention in a kind of embarrassed to admit you like them kind of way . The third , `` Paradise By The Dashboard Light '' is just plain tacky.The rest of `` Bat Out of Hell '' is a mixed bag , with little , if any , of it really holding up some 20 years later as terribly compelling . It served its purpose at the time I suppose , and for that we can be grateful . But to be honest , I ca n't imagine this serving today as anything other than nostalgia . For that reason , the division this seems to be creating among reviewers is quite fascinating .
 It is difficult to imagine a more painful reminder of the late 1970 's than this album . Barry Manilow ? Disco ? Maybe . But unlike Meat Loaf -LRB- now there 's a charming stage name for you -RRB- those other blights on good taste never really made any claims at being anything more than superficial sounds for the polyester era , whereas this album was clearly a woeful attempt at making great `` art . `` But it should be apparent from the outset that this project was doomed to fail . I mean just look at that horrid cover art . It is so ugly that hurts the just eyes to look at it . But never judge a book by its cover , they say , and they same should apply to albums.Unfortunately this is NOT the album to prove that point . Everything here is overblown , pretentious , and just plan awful . Maybe it is unfair to judge it from a nearly quarter of a century later perspective , but the bottom line is that this does n't even work as camp or 70 's nostalgia . Its THAT bad !
 What else can you possibly say ? This album is ridiculous and annoying . The worst of corporate rock . Focus grouped music by committee . Lowest common denominator . If this is your music , then you are just not looking hard enough . There is plenty of good music out there , honest .
 The continuing success of this bloated , grandiose junk is one of the saddest stories in the history of music . The songs are simply dreadful with some of them -LRB- most notable `` Paradise by the Dashboard Lights '' -RRB- ranking among the worst songs ever . Let 's not pull any punches folks , this album is deeply anti-rock and roll to its very core .
 It is difficult to understand why , here in the early days of the 21st century , there is anybody who would have much interest in Meat Loaf and his dreadful breakthrough album `` Bat Out of Hell . '' Pompous , bombastic , and ghastly overblown , it clearly represents the worst of late 70 's excesses and , given the nature of that decade this is saying quite a bit.The album is -LRB- over -RRB- produced by Todd Rundgren , but the bombast of Rundgren 's approach is only part of the problem . The songs are the other . Jim Stienman must rank among the worst songwriters of the rock era , and one listen to such painful atrocities such as `` Two Out of Three Ai n't Bad , '' `` You Took The Words Right Out of My Mouth , '' and above all the miserable `` Paradise by the Dashboard Lights , '' proves such in spades . It is shocking enough to realize that people snatched this album up back in the late 1970 's . It is downright embarrassing to know that there are still people nearly a quarter of a century later who still care about it .
 It is sad , and more than a little scary , to see how many reviews use the word `` classic '' to describe this roadkill of an album . To do so further reduces the word to utterly uselessness . `` Bat Out of Hell '' remains what is was in 1978 -- a horrifically bad set of songs made all the worse by the bombastic and pompous production . That people still listen to this today just goes to show that no one has even gone broke underestimating the taste of the American public . If you have not had a copy of this for the past 28 years you need to think long and hard
 Unbelievably overblown , melodramatic , and pompous in the extreme this album could only have been made and released in the 70 's . As a -LRB- laughable -RRB- time capsule from that era it actually almost works , but as music it is nothing short of dreadful . Anyone who finds this stuff interesting needs to get out more .
 There are two versions Epic released of this SACD , a 2 channel stereo and a 5.1 hybrid with both the 2 channel and 5.1 surround versions on it . I will be reviewing the 5.1 version . Well , I 'm a fan of SACD but there are some extenuating circumstances here . The main outstanding one is that some of the masters were destroyed in a fire . The songs sound ok but not mind blowing like Dark Side OF The Moon SACD or Goodbye Yellow Brick Road which were carefully engineered from original sources without any sound or financial limitations and it shows . This unfortunately sounds like an afterthought put together as best as can to put out what was then a new format to make an extra buck . A man named Frank Filipetti oversaw the 5.1 mix and he seems to have done a hell of a job considering the lost masters and I 'm sure he did n't nearly have the budget or the time -LRB- or even the tapes ! -RRB- alloted to some of the great SACD releases . Some of the songs sound great . I like the background vocals coming out the rear speakers . There is a weird effect of the vocals slap backing off the rear speakers however . A bit strange for me . You Took The Words Right Out Of My Mouth and Bat Out Of Hell sound really good . Here 's the really really big problem and it 's a doozy . The showcase song Paradise By The Dashboard Light . I believe the great Ellen Foley 's vocals were lost in that fire . The whole sexy panting part during the Phil Rizutto middle sequence is very much missing and when she finally kicks in , after careful comparison . . I do n't think it 's even her !! Either it 's a different vocal take , which I do n't think it is , or it 's the great live performer Carla DeVito filling in -LRB- Admirably but not quite the same -RRB- . Maybe they brought Ellen back in 20 years later to redo the part ? I read that some of the lost parts were re recorded so who knows ? I am a giant Ellen Foley fan and the part is simply different . Judge for yourself if you can . The whole point of SACD in my opinion is to sonically bring a recording to another level . This does not capture the magic of the original recording . The 5.1 SACD is hard to find . It 's way overpriced . Avoid it .
 Actually , this is n't true . This album 's sequel , the oh so cleverly titled `` Bat Out of Hell II '' is just like this one making them two of a kind . But anyhow , they both are pretty bad . Laughable in one sense , but hardly in the same league as the albums the previous reviewer lists .
 For it 's day the gimmick was a unique one . Take a huge , overweight , singer with a silly name , give him a set of overblown and pretentious songs , produce said songs with a style so overwrought that it puts Phil Spector to shame , and have the singer work himself into such a frenzy on stage that he passes out and is rushed into an oxygen tent for revival . Remember folks , it was the 70 's when mindless excess ruled the day.That was 20 years ago . I suppose `` Bat Out Of Hell '' might serve as an amusing time piece of sorts for those who were n't there , but for those of us who were should have no problem giving this the eye roll it deserves and shaking our heads over its continued popularity . It takes all kinds .
 I almost agree with Chapel Hill . Except I knew this stuff was bad when I heard it 25 years ago ...
 Do n't get me wrong Meatloaf fans . I have nothing personal against you , your music , or the artist who performs it . I 'm sure Mr. Loaf is a fine , outstanding citizen that anybody would admire in person , but as for the style of music he performs ? Attrocious ! These bombastic , over the top , pseudo opera epics sound more like a Broadway musical than rock n roll . The songs are boring and tell long winded stories with involved plots . The production is over the top and bombastic . Meatloaf took everything to the extreme and the result was one of the most pretentious albums ever made .
 If you would ever want to defendRolling Stone , their 1992 review of `` Bat Out Of Hell '' should be your start . the tenth biggest-selling album in my home city of Melbourne during the 1970s , `` Bat Out Of Hell '' has caused me no end of irritation ever since I first heard it on the radio when Australian radio in the ealy to middle 1990s was fixated with `` classic rock '' from long before I was born.David Keenan , a brilliant and extremely eccentric critic from the Scottish magazine-with-an Australian-namesake `` The Sunday Herald '' , listed `` Bat Out Of Hell '' as one of the `` Best Albums Ever ... Honest '' in 2003 , saying `` here his -LSB- Todd Rundgren 's -RSB- restless logic works just fine , supported by a metallic backbone that keeps things driving throughout the most convoluted of arrangements '' . Although I have nothing but respect for Keenan , especially his appreciation of such touching masterworks asKate Bush 's Hounds of LoveandFairport Convention 's Liege & Lief , I can not agree with him here.Like the worst of 1970s glam-rock , `` Bat Out Of Hell '' actually has nothing but the shallowest emotional impact even when the music is at its fastest . Rundgren 's production may actually keep it in check because later Meatloaf albums were - believe it or not - even worse in their melodramatic tone . The changes of tempo are so obvious and deliberately contrived that they lose all emotional impact . `` Paradise by the Dashboard Light '' and `` Bat Out of Hell '' are so catchy that even children will sing along , it does not eliminate the absence of feeling and depth in the playing or the fact that songs which should never be put together as one piece are fused in a manner that could never work.The simpler power balladry of `` You Took The Words Right Out Of My Mouth '' and `` Two Out of Three Ai n't Bad '' paved the way for Bryan Adams to conquer the world in the 1980s and 1990s , and manage to sound as bad as Adams ever did because of the soppy vocals , which permeate even the rockers and are far worse thanSpringsteenorPettycould imaginably be . the lyrics are as self-conciously funny as any band could ever be , but should be seem as laughable by anyone wiht the lsightest maturity in their musical tastes.Bluntly put , it is impossible to imagine a record so childishly overdone and contrived as `` Bat Out Of Hell '' . Lacking any emotion or depth , this is a record that sold by the tens of thousands in Australia but is very hard to listen to even by the standards of the most pompous rock .
 I was really disappointed . I wanted the EXACT same album I had on my cassette . However , they messed it up by putting some new cuts on it and they had terrible themes that I found really distasteful.The first Bat Out of Hell is one of my all time favorites , so needless to say , I was not happy .
 This is over the top and overly precious in every way . If you like musicals and do n't like rock , this might be your album to buy so you can think -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- , `` Oooh , I 'm a rocker , too . '' Other than that , run away . This is a high-school theatre version of Big Rock .
 If I see one more review about how `` touching '' or `` brilliant '' these songs are , I think I 'm going to puke all over my keyboard . I never considered myself a fan of Meat Loaf but one sunny day I was helping my mother and her friend move some furniture and my mom 's friend gave me this cd cause she found it in her car , but hated it . So I gladly accepted it and took it home to listen to . Not knowing what to expect , I laughed out loud at the ridiculously bombastic opening title track -LRB- which is actually one of the few decent songs -RRB- . `` Two Out of Three Ai n't Bad '' and `` Heaven Can Wait '' are two of the worst , cheesiest , and most boring by-the-numbers `` soft rock '' ballads I 've ever heard in my life . `` Paradise By the Dashboard Light '' is humorous and pretty tasteful compared to most of the stuff on here , but why is it 8 minutes ? 8 minutes !!! It might have been a nice 5 minute number , but NOOO Meat Loaf has to stretch it out to epic proportions ! There are ZERO smart musical ideas on here . `` All Revved Up With No Place To Go '' starts with a cool saxaphone part but the song never goes anywhere . It just stagnates annoyingly , until I 'm grinding my teeth and batting my eyes reaching for the `` skip '' button . `` You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth '' is the foulest song on the whole album , complete with an dumbass overdramatic intro . `` You took the words right outta my mouth/musta been while you were kissin ' me '' ?? It 's not that I have anything against cheesy music in general , it just has to go somewhere , or sound decent . This whole album is mediocre at best . The title track is probably the best one on here , and it 's almost 10 minutes and manages to be somehwat interesting the whole way through , so props to Meat Loaf for pulling that off ! I give it one star for my personal assesment of the album , and one additional `` novelty factor star '' . Yeah ... screw this , go listen to the Ramones .
 cThe songs are pretentious , over the top drivel , the singing overwrought , over emotive , and pompous , and the production is shrill , bombastic and self-indulgent . It might be tempting to simply dismiss this criticism given that this was released in the 1970 's , after all , but such does n't was . 1978 was indeed a superb year in music given such great albums by the likes of The Clash -LRB- `` Give 'Em Enough Rope '' -RRB- Elvis Costello -LRB- `` This Year 's Model '' -RRB- , Patti Smith -LRB- `` Easter '' -RRB- , The Ramones -LRB- `` Road to Ruin '' -RRB- , Bruce Springsteen -LRB- `` Darkness at the Edge of Town '' -RRB- , and others . An anomaly on an absolute nadir in popular culture . Maybe both .
 O.K. i discovered this album long ago in my parents CD collection.At the time i was just discovering hard/heavy rock and this album was a recommended listen from my uncle . I always thought the cover looked cool so i decided to give it a try.I have mixed feelings about this album , mosty bad , becuse i felt that it was a crime to have cover art that effing awesome and then have 6 out of the 7 songs being sappy sorry-@ssed love songs or whatever.It does have it 's good point -LRB- s -RRB- though , the first song on the album has to be heard to be belived.The title track `` Bat out of Hell '' is one of the best numbers ever , it 's full of power , gusto , rage , inspiration and just one of the best songs i have ever heard . The rest of the songs are downright horrible , `` Two out of Three Ai n't Bad '' is , well , bad and `` Paradise by the Dash Board Light '' sounds like one of those horrid rockabilly songs.The rest of the album is just rancid to the point of inducing vommit . It 's no wonder in my mind now as to why this guy was pretty much a flash in the pan , he released this in 77 and then vanished for 16 years untill 93 's `` Bat out of Hell 2 '' , which was equally as bad as this abortion of alliminum and plastic . Where is this guy today ? Well it does deserve 2 stars for the title track anyway , what a great song.i recommend that you download that song and just skip the rest .
 This is one of the reason people laugh about the 1970 's . If you want some decent music from that era skip over this and stick with The Clash .
 Good heavens , are people still falling for this crap?This junk sounded horrible back in the 70 's and , as astonishing as it seems , sounds even worse today .
 Why , here at the dawn of the 21st century , are there still people who think this tripe is hip?Get with it people . The 70 's are over , and this is one of the main reasons why we should all be grateful .
 The worst the 70 's had to offer , this is some of the most pretentious claptrap ever recorded . That this album has sold in the millions proves right the idea that nobody has ever gone broke underestimating the taste of the American public .
 If I am really horrible for thiry years , I die and end up in hell ; this album will be the soundtrack .
 The above says it all . Let 's face it folks , this album is simply horrible . The songs are bad , the singing is bad , the production is bad , the music is bad , the album cover is ugly and the singer 's name is stupid . This album has absolutley no redemaing feature . None . Forget it .
 Overwrought , over sung and woefully overproduced , `` Bat Out of Hell '' represents some of the worst overindulgence in excess that still give the 70 's a bad name . It was junk like this that at least allowed punk to happen . So maybe it is not a total dud , but at this day in age it should warrant interest only as a cultural relic of a most wretched period in American pop culture .
 This is , quite possibly , some of THE most dreadful `` music '' ever recorded . Bombastic , ovverblown , and completetly horiffic , it is `` music '' like this that calls into question if the first amendment should even exist .
 Buyer beware!This is without question a `` must have '' album for every serious rock-and-roll CD library but - omg - do * not * spend even one penny buying the old , original version of this CD unless -LRB- 1 -RRB- you already have the 2001 digitally remastered edition and -LRB- 2 -RRB- have somehow cultivated a need to know the difference between the two.The sonics of the original `` Bat Out Of Hell '' CD is unlistenably pathetic , brittle , and harsh - most likely due to the use of p ** s poor source tapes and equalization intended for producing vinyl LPs - not CDs - a common practice in the 1980s when CDs were rushed to market in order to meet the public 's demand for digital versions of its favourite recordings - after all , digital is better , right ? Not necessarily - and * definitely * not in the case of this classic album.I was * so * glad to finally see this album reissued in digitally remastered form -LRB- with 2 bonus tracks -RRB- in 2001 . I keep my old , original CD around though as a prime reminder of how far the music industry will go to sell utter -LRB- ... -RRB- at full price to blindly faithful , unsuspecting people every time a new audio technology appears with a reputation of being the best that 's ever been.As for the * music * contained herein , you 'll be hard-pressed to find anything better . ***** -LRB- 5 stars easy -RRB-
 If I am really horrible for thiry years , I die and end up in hell ; this album will be the soundtrack .
 NOOOOOOOOOO ... I ca n't believe in how many albuns zeze e luciano have !!!! Please , do n't think for even a second that this garbage is one of the best Brazilian artists ! This is horrible , but it seems that the majority of the people do n't knows what is real music ... I mean , just take a look at all the albuns front cover of zeze e luciano ... they are ALL EXACTLY THE SAME ! THE 2 in a TOTAL LAME EMBARASSING POSE !!!! BLERGH ! It 's just awful !!!!
 I found this to be the most disgusting example of clarinet playing that I 've ever experienced . The tone production is atrocious , I almost believed that he was performing not on the clarinet but on the soprano sax , and it is clear that there was little if any preparation on Mr. De Peyer 's part for this cd as he frequently flubs up any passage with note values exceeding the eighth note . I could not listen to it for more than 30 seconds before I had to turn it off due to the extreme aural and artistic violation it inflicts upon the listener .
 I ca n't tell you if the content of this title is any good or not . I could n't get it to play . Just a few still images , a few menus that did n't get me very far , and some faint background music . I can play other DVD video -LRB- movies -RRB- OK on my PC on WMP , but not this . I do n't have a separate DVD player so I do n't know what the performance might be on such a unit.On this basis I can not recommend this title . Very disappointing . : - |
 Yawn . I like Anthrax a lot . I 've still got Fistful , Armed and Dangerous , Spreading and ATL on Vinyl . I 've even got the Armored Saint Demo on vinyl . I like John Bush with or without Anthrax and have always thought he was a much stronger metal singer than Joey.ButThis album is pointless . It does n't matter if it 's the best of Anthrax or not it 's the same stuff we already have . If these were live or dramatically different it 'd be worth it , but most are the same studio tracks you got on the albums.And why are the liner notes censored?The most recent CDs have been strong enough to warrant a much better compilation effort.Wait for something new , we 've all been here.NYHC
 WHAT THE HECK !! THEY INCLUDED THE RADIO EDIT OF I 'M THE MAN !? What kind of greatest hits includes radio edits .
 Yawn . I like Anthrax a lot . I 've still got Fistful , Armed and Dangerous , Spreading and ATL on Vinyl . I 've even got the Armored Saint Demo on vinyl . I like John Bush with or without Anthrax and have always thought he was a much stronger metal singer than Joey.ButThis album is pointless . It does n't matter if it 's the best of Anthrax or not it 's the same stuff we already have . If these were live or dramatically different it 'd be worth it , but most are the same studio tracks you got on the albums.And why are the liner notes censored?The most recent CDs have been strong enough to warrant a much better compilation effort.Wait for something new , we 've all been here.NYHC
 WHAT THE HECK !! THEY INCLUDED THE RADIO EDIT OF I 'M THE MAN !? What kind of greatest hits includes radio edits .
 Keep away from this generic , lifeless , empty Brazilian pop band . THis is not a rock band as has been advertised , this is a sugary POP band .
 I was looking for a hits album from Al and saw this a couple years ago for $ 5 . These do n't sound like original recordings or anything close to them . The version of `` I have but one heart '' is particularly disappointing - he struggles through it have speaking it and have singing it . I 'd stick with the originals such as the Capitol collectors .
 as the previous reviewer mentioned , this is an excellent album for fans of staight up jazz . i 'd only heard sco 's newer work nefore this -LRB- agogo onward -RRB- , so it was a real treat to hear him playing `` regular '' jazz . highly reccommened .
 Bought for my 8 year old daughter . She loved the first one , so I was really excited to get this one for her . First off , it is n't a woman speaking on the cd , it 's a man . The first one was a woman . That threw my daughter off big time . She did n't like listening to the man . She also said it was boring and they talked about the dolphins too much -LRB- she even really likes the dolphins -RRB- I just do n't think this cd was up to par compared to the first one .
 My daughter could n't get through the first story . She was bored with it and would n't even give it another chance . I wasted my money .
 I do not recommend this CD . I wish I could have listened to a sample of the CD before I purchased it . It was a waste of money . The electronic `` music '' or noise on this CD is annoying . I like the concept of teaching relaxation techniques to children . But my grandchildren did not like the narrator 's voice or the music and asked that it be turned off . I was looking for something to help them fall asleep when they come to visit . This was not the right CD . A better choice for young children -LRB- infant to six -RRB- is Rainforest by Fisher Price . The music is soothing and can be played at very low volumn . Another favorite is the Garden of Serenity by David and Steve Gordon . While I think this CD is intended for adults , it is appropriate for any age . The grandchildren love the chime and water sounds . With either of these CD 's they fall asleep within minutes .
 I am kind of bummed because I went by one of these reviews that called this a `` sequel '' to the other one . It is NOT a sequel but is the exact same thing -- only the characters and setting have changed . Even my 8-year old noticed right away - `` Oh this is the caterpillar story '' and `` this is the boy and the bear . '' We really liked the first CD , Indigo Dreams , and since this was described as for age 8-12 , we thought it would be that `` next step . `` Yet I feel we completely wasted money since we already had the first . But if you do n't have the first , then this is a great item . I do n't know too many 12 year olds who would listen to it , but it 's great for kids 6-10ish who need to learn relaxation techniques . Right away my son incorporated some of the techniques and is beginning to make some process with his anxieties .
 All my 10 year old did was roll his eyes and laugh , `` This is baby stuff '' I feel like the other reviews I read were made up by the author 's friends . He also pointed out that crabs do n't weave seaweed . This is really only appropriate for preschoolers .
 It looks as if the bad boys of the 1980s are not as bad as they once seemed , or has the level of badness just skyrocketed and left Camisa de Venus behind ? For sure , the things that Camisa de Venus -LRB- the Brazilian word for condom -RRB- sing about are as risque as could be aired on the radio in the mid-1980s -LRB- rape , kidnap , murder , domestic violence , cheating etc. -RRB- , but with a mild rockabilly style more typical of Raul Seixas-era Brazilian rock , Camisa de Venus fails to rock . Furthermore , on this live CD , one that is a collection of their best songs , the producers failed to include the song `` Deus me de Grana '' -LRB- God , give me dough - as in money -RRB- . They can do better than that .
 I laughed almost hysterically the first time I heard Locust and still play the CD for the amusement of unsuspecting friends . Clearly , the band intended to express their great San Diego angst with the pure emotion of punk . The result is just polka where the accordian is replaced by an amateur , wailing scream . If only the music were as interesting as the titles --
 A serious lack of music here . Go buy a Merzbow album instead . When I could do a few lines of coke and go create this CD in about an hour , I do n't need to pay for it . A waste of 3-inch discs . Want a good 3-inch ? Go buy the PxDx/Ben &uuml;mb split , or Agoraphobic Nosebleed 's `` Altered states of America '' and you 'll be in for fun . Otherwise , stay FAR clear of this little heap of sickness .
 Is this the new `` cool '' thing to listen to ? The powerviolence and punk madness that is sweeping the `` scene '' ? Lo and behold a few art-school hardcore rejects . If we play fast and messy we can be mistaken for talented folk .
 I just saw them last night before Andrew WK , and they are TERRIBLE . You people who listen to this are fools .
 A serious lack of music here . Go buy a Merzbow album instead . When I could do a few lines of coke and go create this CD in about an hour , I do n't need to pay for it . A waste of 3-inch discs . Want a good 3-inch ? Go buy the PxDx/Ben &uuml;mb split , or Agoraphobic Nosebleed 's `` Altered states of America '' and you 'll be in for fun . Otherwise , stay FAR cldear of this little heap of sickness .
 I love head banging music from the ' 80 's , so when I saw what was listed on Disc 1 and Disc 2 , I thought I was getting some really good music for $ 17.98 . And it would have been , too , if Disc 2 was part of the deal . They kinda left that one out of there for some reason . So be warned , if you order this , you 're paying all that money for Disc 1 ONLY . Do n't get suckered the way I did . Guess where mine is going ? Back to Amazon ! What a misleading rip off ! A huge disappointment .
 The Hard and the Heavy is a misleading title for this compilation . I 'm sorry , but Warrant , Poison and Whitesnake are not Heavy Metal !! Their glam rock posers who do n't even deserve recognition as true musicians !!! Bring on Slayer , Morbid Angel , Cannibal Corpse , Carcass , Napalm Death and Suffocation and you 'll truely have an collection of HEAVY !
 This album its not the best one.I just liked 1 music.This album doesnt have musics like Silvia , My way , etc. . I love camisa de venus remind me the old times , but I believe you should try another album .
 I have been waiting a long long time for Jamiroquai to release a DVD with their best videos . Well , the time has unfortunately come . Do n't get me wrong , the compilation is excellent but the sound quality of this DVD REALLY REALLY SUCKS !!! For all of you who are lucky like me to own a large Home Theater system -LRB- AVR Denon 5800 , DVD Denon 2800 , B&W ; Speakers DM605S2 , DM602S2 and LR6S2 , PB12-Plus/2 SVS Subwoofer and InFocus projector -RRB- you will hate this DVD to the bone . Every video was recorded in its original sound . Not only did n't they re-masterize the tracks to DTS or Dolby Digital but the stereo sound was left ` as it is ' or should I say ` as it was ' , with its original sound , not even the ` stereo ' was re-masterized . YES , believe or not , every track has different response to treble and bass as well as ` sound quality ' . I still ca n't believe Jamiroquai allowed this DVD be released with such terrible sound.Jamiroquai , next time try hiring some of the people who worked on the sound quality of Queen , Genesis , Phil Collins or Peter Gabriel DVDs .
 I really Ruben Vela 's music , but I was disappointed with this CD . I guess I expected better .
 Ace Of Base is a Poor Mans Abba.All Of The Songs Sounded the same & VOcally they are Hurting on the ears.No Originality at all .
 i love this cd i dont have it at my house my friend julia her mom has it and anytime i go somewhere we listen to this cd my favorite song is the sign i love that song it rocks wen i get in there car and julia wants a cd in missy her mom says wait a sec we have to listen to katie 's song first i also likethe song -LRB- all that she wants -RRB- thats also a great song ok g2g : katie-lynn
 Ace of Base are Honestly my favorite music group , but their record company Arista , is honestly not my favorite record company . This tracklisting is just plain ridiculous . Look at it , ok , lets start with the fact that `` Always Have , Always Will '' which never released in the US as a single is on it , but where is `` Never gon na say I 'm sorry '' , `` Living in Danger '' , and `` Whenever you 're near me '' ? Three tracks that got bigger that `` Always Have , Always will '' were not on here . And what is up with only putting on of the new songs on here ? Where is `` Hallo Hallo '' and `` Love in December '' that were both used on the European version of this album ? Well , heres to hoping Ace of Base learned a lesson and will ditch Arista .
 Living in Danger is nowhere to be found .
 Wow this cd brings back memories from back in the day but now that I remember , there is only one or two songs I liked
 The idea of a Greatest Hits for a band like Ace of Base might strike some as ludicrous since 1 -RRB- They 've only had a few hits to begin with ; 2 -RRB- Most of those hits came off of 1994 's `` The Sign '' album , which everybody already secretly owns . If , however , you somehow failed to get swept up in Ace of Base-mania back in the day and are just now discovering them , this is the disc you want . It includes `` The Sign '' 's three big hits
 I just felt disappointed listening to this , thinking `` Is that all there is ? ''
 This is the American version of the greatest hits , which means its not as good . I suggest you get Singles of the 90 's over this . I only gave this 2 stars cuz of `` Life is a flower '' and `` C'est la vie '' , i really like those songs otherwise i would have given it a zero .1 . Life is a flower -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- the original version of `` Whenever you 're near me '' , released outside of America only . I love this version , it has pure euro-pop all over it but is a great song . the chorus rocks .2 . C'est la vie -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Good song , not the best but still good .3 . Always have always will -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- Good song , sounds sorta like a christmas tune .4 . Lucky love -LRB- Acoustic version -RRB- -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- the original is the best . i dont like this version much .5 . Lucky love -LRB- Dance mix -RRB- -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- the song `` Living in danger '' is taken from this song . listen to the two and you 'll see . i dont like this version either cuz its bland .6 . Beautiful life -LRB- remix -RRB- -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- Long and boringI suggest you get singles of the 90 's over this trash . dont even buy this .
 I loved the first few songs , but other than that , I think Abba did a better job with this bouncy kind of music .
 Where are Living in Danger , Never Gon na say I 'm Sorry , Wheel of Fortune , Happy Nation ??? Why did n't Arista release Singles of the 90 's ??? SOT 90 's is a way better CD than this . The only reason I gave this CD 2 stars is that AoB is my fave group . Please note
 Well , once again , we American AoB fans are screwed over by the record company that is Arista . After dismal promotion of their previous release `` Cruel Summer , '' we get a Greatest Hits package that pales in comparison to the import versions . Instead of the many new songs , we only get 2 - the wonderful `` C'est La Vie -LRB- Always 21 -RRB- , '' and `` Life is a Flower , '' which was remade into the wretched `` Whenever You 're Near Me '' for the Cruel Summer album . On top of the lack of new songs , we receive two very uninspired and not very special remixes of `` Lucky Love '' and `` Beautiful Life '' . The one shining point of the album , however , is the stellar dance remix of `` Everytime it Rains '' . Now , I 'm a HUGE fan of the original ballad version , and this remix does n't compare to that , but on its own it 's simply wonderful . However , I doubt that the album would be worth buying on that alone .
 The track listings Amazon lists are the 16 wonderful , impeccable tracks on the European Singles of the '90s album , not the rip-off Greatest Hits US release , which only contains 12 tracks , including two bad remixes of `` Beautiful Life '' and `` Lucky Love , '' of which the original versions are also included , so that 6 songs are actually missing that are included on the European album . Also , `` Everytime It Rains '' on the US album is an inferior remix to the beautiful ballad on Singles of the '90s . Do n't get this CD . Singles of the '90s is absolutely incredible , with the amazing `` Love in December '' that is n't even included on the US release . Fork out the extra cash and get Singles of the '90s , for it is absolutely incredible and is Ace of Base in their finest form .
 No ! It 's just a bad compilation ! I mean , this CD contains only 12 songs , including 2 awful remixes that were n't even made by Ace of Base . Also , it contains only one new song . A lot of great hits are nowhere to be found . `` Never gon na say I 'm sorry '' is Ace of Base 's best song , and bingo , it 's missing . Do n't get this CD , buy the Euro-version , called Singles of the 90s . American Ace of Base fans got screwed with this CD .
 I love Liars , but they 're in serious danger of becoming laughably arch and out of touch . I 'm sorry , but I do n't like paying -LRB- ... -RRB- for a single featuring one of the last album 's weakest tracks , an unitelligible live cover , and a new track that is nothing but soft background music . The videos did n't help much either . The video for We Fenced Other Gardens With the Bones of Our Own is unintetionally funny . It does have a few creepy images that show potential , but ridiculous segements , like a choreographed dance with brooms , ruin the mood . The Sex Boy video is a fairly amusing collage of images , but it can be found on their website . The final video is just as boring as the POS song it is set to.Buy the album or the far superior Fins To Make Us More Fishlike EP instead .
 I love the Suicide Machines and the Rudiments , but restrain from buying this cd ! This cd is really on Beach Records , but the guy who runs it used to work at Dill so he slapped that label on . The Beach guy is notorious for ripping off bands , and the suicide Machines have asked people to please not buy this cd . Do n't support this fiendish scoundrel , and abstain from purchasing this cd !
 I have just been watching Joyce DiDonato 's performance of Dejanira 's `` mad scene '' from this production . This is the first time I 've seen the acclaimed DiDonato in action . Even so , I am tempted to blame the director -- whose work I do know -- for this misguided interpretation . Yes , it 's a mad scene -- but this is a HANDEL work , not a 21st century one . The vocal line is to be SUNG , with no resorting to speaking voice . If you want to hear a correct , Handelian rendition , listen to Sarah Walker 's completely SUNG version , with great phrasing that amply suggests the despair and fright without resorting to exaggeration . This is up on YouTube , with the score as a visual so that you reviewers who seem to be new to Handel in general and this oratorio in particular can follow the way Handel wrote it . Those wild leaps in the music signify Dejanira 's madness without any sitcom exaggerations.As for the performers looking like their roles
 Ignore the rating . Amazon requires a rating to make any comment at all.They list the languages as `` unknown `` Now you know.The librettist is the Englishman the Rev Thomas Broughton -LRB- 1704-74 -RRB- , after Sophocles ' Trachiniae & Ovid 's Metamorphoses , Book IX.Broughton wrote in English.Nothing else he did shows up on a quick internet search.Having now watched the performance , I recommend it .
 After reading all the five-star reviews of this DVD , I may never read Amazon 's customers ' reviews again . This is an formless , meandering yawn of a stage rendering of a piece that should be sung and not theatrically realized.Indeed DiDonato suffers eternally and Shimell has a commanding presence and voice , but the rest of the cast is completely useless . The chorus is simply embarassing.I wish I could get my money back , but I do love opera which Handel 's `` Hercules '' is not and was never supposed to be . Handel was not very impressed by opera and did n't write `` Hercules '' with operatic conventions and aspirations.Beware of Amazon 's false prophets !!
 The idea of a Greatest Hits for a band like Ace of Base might strike some as ludicrous since 1 -RRB- They 've only had a few hits to begin with ; 2 -RRB- Most of those hits came off of 1994 's `` The Sign '' album , which everybody already secretly owns . If , however , you somehow failed to get swept up in Ace of Base-mania back in the day and are just now discovering them , this is the disc you want . It includes `` The Sign '' 's three big hits
 I just felt disappointed listening to this , thinking `` Is that all there is ? ''
 This is the American version of the greatest hits , which means its not as good . I suggest you get Singles of the 90 's over this . I only gave this 2 stars cuz of `` Life is a flower '' and `` C'est la vie '' , i really like those songs otherwise i would have given it a zero .1 . Life is a flower -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- the original version of `` Whenever you 're near me '' , released outside of America only . I love this version , it has pure euro-pop all over it but is a great song . the chorus rocks .2 . C'est la vie -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Good song , not the best but still good .3 . Always have always will -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- Good song , sounds sorta like a christmas tune .4 . Lucky love -LRB- Acoustic version -RRB- -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- the original is the best . i dont like this version much .5 . Lucky love -LRB- Dance mix -RRB- -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- the song `` Living in danger '' is taken from this song . listen to the two and you 'll see . i dont like this version either cuz its bland .6 . Beautiful life -LRB- remix -RRB- -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- Long and boringI suggest you get singles of the 90 's over this trash . dont even buy this .
 I loved the first few songs , but other than that , I think Abba did a better job with this bouncy kind of music .
 Where are Living in Danger , Never Gon na say I 'm Sorry , Wheel of Fortune , Happy Nation ??? Why did n't Arista release Singles of the 90 's ??? SOT 90 's is a way better CD than this . The only reason I gave this CD 2 stars is that AoB is my fave group . Please note
 Well , once again , we American AoB fans are screwed over by the record company that is Arista . After dismal promotion of their previous release `` Cruel Summer , '' we get a Greatest Hits package that pales in comparison to the import versions . Instead of the many new songs , we only get 2 - the wonderful `` C'est La Vie -LRB- Always 21 -RRB- , '' and `` Life is a Flower , '' which was remade into the wretched `` Whenever You 're Near Me '' for the Cruel Summer album . On top of the lack of new songs , we receive two very uninspired and not very special remixes of `` Lucky Love '' and `` Beautiful Life '' . The one shining point of the album , however , is the stellar dance remix of `` Everytime it Rains '' . Now , I 'm a HUGE fan of the original ballad version , and this remix does n't compare to that , but on its own it 's simply wonderful . However , I doubt that the album would be worth buying on that alone .
 The track listings Amazon lists are the 16 wonderful , impeccable tracks on the European Singles of the '90s album , not the rip-off Greatest Hits US release , which only contains 12 tracks , including two bad remixes of `` Beautiful Life '' and `` Lucky Love , '' of which the original versions are also included , so that 6 songs are actually missing that are included on the European album . Also , `` Everytime It Rains '' on the US album is an inferior remix to the beautiful ballad on Singles of the '90s . Do n't get this CD . Singles of the '90s is absolutely incredible , with the amazing `` Love in December '' that is n't even included on the US release . Fork out the extra cash and get Singles of the '90s , for it is absolutely incredible and is Ace of Base in their finest form .
 No ! It 's just a bad compilation ! I mean , this CD contains only 12 songs , including 2 awful remixes that were n't even made by Ace of Base . Also , it contains only one new song . A lot of great hits are nowhere to be found . `` Never gon na say I 'm sorry '' is Ace of Base 's best song , and bingo , it 's missing . Do n't get this CD , buy the Euro-version , called Singles of the 90s . American Ace of Base fans got screwed with this CD .
 Ace of Base are Honestly my favorite music group , but their record company Arista , is honestly not my favorite record company . This tracklisting is just plain ridiculous . Look at it , ok , lets start with the fact that `` Always Have , Always Will '' which never released in the US as a single is on it , but where is `` Never gon na say I 'm sorry '' , `` Living in Danger '' , and `` Whenever you 're near me '' ? Three tracks that got bigger that `` Always Have , Always will '' were not on here . And what is up with only putting on of the new songs on here ? Where is `` Hallo Hallo '' and `` Love in December '' that were both used on the European version of this album ? Well , heres to hoping Ace of Base learned a lesson and will ditch Arista .
 Ace Of Base is a Poor Mans Abba.All Of The Songs Sounded the same & VOcally they are Hurting on the ears.No Originality at all .
 i love this cd i dont have it at my house my friend julia her mom has it and anytime i go somewhere we listen to this cd my favorite song is the sign i love that song it rocks wen i get in there car and julia wants a cd in missy her mom says wait a sec we have to listen to katie 's song first i also likethe song -LRB- all that she wants -RRB- thats also a great song ok g2g : katie-lynn
 Living in Danger is nowhere to be found .
 Wow this cd brings back memories from back in the day but now that I remember , there is only one or two songs I liked
 Rayford has to be one of the best drummers touring today . If you get a chance to see him perform it will be memorable . This cd is well put together and does not have a bad song on it . I hope he puts out another one soon .
 The Original Delta Blues , which is far superior , is often confused for this album . This one does a poor job of showing what a special artist House was .
 I have seen George and his band live and they were pretty darn entertaining , energetic , and danceable . However , this CD is none of these things . I have listened to Buddha Boogie once , but I do n't think I will ever listen to it again . It 's unmelodic , rambling and pointless and as a lindy hopper I was very disappointed by it . I can ' get my money back on this stinker , but if I can dissuade some people from buying Buddha Boogie , maybe George will get the message and stop abusing his fans in this way .
 I have seen George and his band live before and they were pretty darn good , danceable and high energy . However , this CD is none of those things . I listened to it once . None of the songs are catchy , but rather are unmelodious , meandering garbage . I ca n't get my money back on this CD which I will never listen to again , but if I can dissuade even one person from buying this worthless slice of plastic , maybe George and his band will stop abusing his fans by putting out such unlistenable music .
 His last regular album , and his least . Uninspired writing and production.James -LRB- who I 've dug forever -RRB- should have quit after &#34; Take a Look at Those Cakes &#34; , but his legacy will always outshine his latter years . Or most anyone else 's . ... bIGhIG
 First of all I want to say that I am a true JB fan . I have learned all his horn lines -LRB- trumpet -RRB- . Any band I play with , must play some James . This cd has lost the `` fat sound '' that he carried for years . His bass player , Fred Thomas , told me that he suggested to James to keep the music in the pocket but James did n't listen . Well this cd proves it . The sound is very thin and not the typical James Brown . I must be critical because I started listening to James in 1959 . I always wanted to play in his band but the Air Force got me first.Respectfully , Chuck King
 This cd sounds nothing like the true style and down home , groovy , funk of James Brown . Hip Hop music is not his style . Killing is out School is in , is about the best cut on the cd . His band which is the best in all the land is not heard or reconized . I recently attended his New Years Eve concert in Atlantic City , NJ Trump Marina , He turned the house out ! Performed from 10:30 pm until 1:50 am . The Soul Brother is Truly The Hardest Working Man In Show Business -LRB- even at 69 years young -RRB-
 My father bought this DVD and said that it is 75 % commentary and critical review and only 25 % music.While the person was talking , the music was playing in the background but you can hardly hear it.He really wanted to hear music and see a performance but got too much talking . He 's not a new fan of Abba . He owns four other DVDs and some CDs and he enjoys all of them.For a DVD at this price , it is n't worth it .
 Well I am certainly a huge fan of ABBA and even more so I was in Australia in the 70s and I was right in the middle of abbamania downunder and there was so much television footage shot on the band both in 1976 and in 1977 for the tour and movie of course , there is no footage used here from the Australian visits at all and there is much footage that should have been included . This piece of tripe seems to me to just be a complete waste of time and even the hard core fan -LRB- me being one of them -RRB- would be bored , I kept thinking , what is the point of this film , its just ranting for ranting sake . My advice dont bother .
 If there was a zero star review rating , this DVD would deserve it . I bought this because I wanted to see the `` Dick Cavett Meets ABBA '' videos . First , none of the videos are shown in their entirity . But worst of all is the quality
 You would think that I would like this cd becuase I skateboard and am into New Found Glory and bands like that , but I do n't . This cd is horrible . It is really bad and none of the songs are punk at all , not even punk pop , just pop . It got two stars from me because of a really awesome song , and that is Never Wake Up . I had high hopes for them , but stick to NFG or any band on the Punk-O-Rama cd 's .
 Dreadful . This band sounds exactly like Blink 182 , the same manufactured sound in the processed vocals and riffs . Just think of the vocals of the guy in Blink 182 's ` All the small things ' . That vocal just hides the raw sound that im used to with punk , and the guy uses that same sound all way through the album.They should n't consider themselves a punk band - they 're not raw , they 're done already , they are clones and seem to have an idea that if they can clone another band 's sound they 'll piggyback onto it 's success by using the same formula .
 The only reason why I gave this bad CD 2 stars is because Sum 41 play their own instruments , so I give them that much . The lyrics are so bad , espically in `` Fat Lip '' where is says that he does n't want to become a victim of conformity , when the `` Fat Lip '' video -LRB- which is horrendus -RRB- plays on MTV , so the singer is a hyprocrite . If you are looking for a good punk band , try listening to New Found Glory , Godsmack , Alien Ant Farm , or even Blink 182 's old school stuff . Just do n't listen to All Junk ... No Punk .
 I 've hated this band since I first heard them , back when I thought they were just another annoying pop punk band . Then , I found out that in addition to that , they also rap . Okay , my appreciation drops a bit . Then , I find out that they have a sarcastic track slagging off 80 's metal -LRB- back when metal was metal ! -RRB- . That was the straw that broke the camel 's back . This is , without a doubt , one of the worst bands on the face of the planet . They take everything I hate about mainstream music , and combine it . And , they insult the music I love . It 's like they 're somehow making music for the sole purpose of making me angry . Listen up , Sum 41 . Iron Maiden rules , Iced Earth rules , Metallica rules , Slayer rules , Queensryche rules ; you , Sum 41 , are nothing . Go away and never come back !
 That my friends is the truth about this album and how bad it is . Sure the Sum farty one guys are pretty funny -LRB- well except cone head or whatever the hell is name is -RRB- but they ca n't play music very well . Sure the guitarist will have the occasional solo now and then but it still does not change the fact that the music is n't good , the lyrics are stupid and a lot of their songs from Half Hour of Power sound exactly the same as some of the songs on this ! Real creative boys!Now the fun -LRB- or painfull -RRB- part : Derek -LRB- frontman -RRB- He is n't good at being a frontman and pokes at his head to muchLead Guitarist dude -LRB- he is n't a very good guitarist dude -RRB- Cone Face
 If you have had enough of corporate punk acts like Green Day and Blink 182 , then Sum 41 is sure to tick you off even more . If all the nu-metal garbage around now was n't making me mad allready , this new corporate punk is ticking me off even more . The same old three cord progression on every song , stupid uninspired lyrics , and packaged for MTV wan na be rebellion is what makes up this drink coaster in the making a complete package . And what makes me laugh even more is how kids think that Sum 41 , Blink 182 , and Green Day are supposed punk bands because they 're on MTV , well kids , this ai n't real punk . Real punk is Dead Kennedys , old Misfits , Bad Religion , Suicidal Tendencies , Suicide Machines , Black Flag , and dare I say it , even NoFX . Then again , there are kids scratching their heads wondering `` who are they , they 're not on MTV , they 're no good '' . But what do I know ? , I 'm just some guy who listens to the above bands and other stuff outside the mainstream , so my opinion does n't matter at all . Now go listen to your Linkin Park CD .
 In one of their songs , they sing `` I do n't waste my life and become another victim of conformity '' ... Yesss , be the ever teenage rebel who hangs out all day and night , skipping school , get stoned and then drunk . Yesss , thats the life to live ... Or you can always go to school , get a good education and then a well-paying job and be an excellent citizen . Oh but there is a problem , we can not be teenagers for life . If you try to live your teenage life past your teenage years , you will face one failure after another and then become miserable and envious of other people 's successes . This explains why the Third World terrorist countries hate us so much . When you are able to make money as a successful citizen of this great country , you can take part in all the excesses we offer , without having to sing how miserable we are because we have no direction in life . Would n't you prefer that kind of life rather than a life filled with constant anxiety ?
 For the love of god WAKE UP AND SMELL THE AIR YOU SPOILED BRATS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is exactly what 's wrong with America today . Cheap music that I could surpass in artistic and equality in twenty minutes and dumb , childish lyrics are a testament to the continuing decline of American intelligence today . This is n't punk or metal at all . This is a horrible travesty to both genres . Metal is ultraheavy guitar riffs with extremenly loud melody and pounding drums . Punk is real rebelism against trends in society . Sum 41 are n't that either . They are nothing but a bunch if talentless clowns who are cashing in on TRL to make a buck -LSB- ... -RSB- . Do n't call me an old fogie who listens to Frank Sinatra or Mozart because I am 19 years old but I have stuck with the moral values that garbage like this encourages youth to dismiss.I feel ashamed that people in my age group are more worried about being cool by cussing that than being intelligent . Well I hope this will change in the next five years and laugh at bands like Sum 41 , Limp Bizkit , and all those dumb poser metal groups .
 I had to listen to this whole album over and over in a car once . Let me tell you how my brain felt
 Although I realize that track 1 and Pain for Pleasure and meant to be jokes , unfortunately they come across as the best parts of the album . Sum 41 do a pretty good spinal tap impression and for that they get two stars . the rest of the watered down pop psuedo punk tracks are annoying , repetitious and lack in style , substance , and originality . But hey , atleast its consistent with the rest of the current bands out there , from britney spears to blink 182 . its a sad sad time for music . : -LRB-
 this wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt called punk . i would just dismiss it as another piece of crap put out by the music industry , but since it is called punk , its not good . if you want punk , go buy a dead kennedy cd and leave this alone .
 I have to agree with the kid who said that it 's a shame that Slum 41 has to be compared to Green Day , because SLUM 41 -LCB- -RCB- BR > Green Day , did their own thing and was rewarded because they have talent . Sum is famous because all those MTV loving trendies wanted another Blink 182 to make them look cool . This album is NOT PUNK ROCK , and it 's NOT EVEN POP PUNK . It 's pop . If your trend loving friends were into Green-Day right now , you 'd be right along with em ' , ya MTV-loving poser . If you want to listen to punk , listen to Anti-Flag , Propagandhi , Strung Out , ETC. . If you want to listen to Pop-Punk , listen to The Queers , Rancid , The Riverdales , Chixdiggit , ETC. . If you want to listen to pop and prove to all your preppy friends that you 're punk just like them , go listen to these # 1 on TRL Posers . Do you see them wearing hurleys and stuff ? Uh , oh ya , I 'm a punk because I have a skateboard , are n't I cool . I 'm sure when the fad is out , you 'll be out to you friggin ' preps .
 Minor Threat , Dead Kennedy 's , Black Flag , Romones , that was punk . Sum41 is not . This is trash thrown together as any N * sync cd would be and put out there to rack in some $ $ then Sum41 will be gone as quickly as theyt were here . Someone over at MTV decided punk was going to be the new `` in '' so they decided to put this band in the works , well , you know what ? I 'm not impressed . Sum41 is described as skater anthems , and the people hanging around there trying to look cool have almost made me give it up all together . This CD is trash , not once is there throughout this disaster will you find anything original , innovative , or interesting . I hope Rock gets out of the spotlight again soon -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Sum 41 is the worst band ever ! How could you people even consider them a punk band ? They are more like pop music . They try to rap in `` fat lip '' but they just -LRB- are bad -RRB- at it . This CD is a piece of trash . My friend bought this CD and now he uses it as a doorstop . They are just a bunch of punk wannabe 's and they will always appeal to girls because they are pop . If you want real punk music , listen to Rancid , Pennywise , or Green day . These bands have some real talent , while Sum 41 are just one hit wonders ! Do n't be stupid and buy `` All killer , no filler ''
 This is my second attempt at writing a review . I guess my first review was too `` spiteful '' . I had just seen the trl episode -LRB- I was watching my younger cousins -RRB- where a Sum 41 `` punk '' fan won warped tour tickets and the host asked her if she was excited about seeing Pennywise and she had no idea who they were . A perfect example of the typical Sum 41/Blink 182/Good Charlotte/New Found Glory/Fenix TX fan . I do n't hate these groups as much as I hate the fact that they 're called punk , or even worse `` pop-punk '' . A band can not be both pop and punk . Punk music has true meaning . Spiked hair , certain kinds of clothes , tattos , and a chorus consisting of `` I do n't want to be a victim of authority '' -LRB- yet I 'm going to make a music video that appeals to the TRL audience and perform on the MTV campus invasion tour -RRB- does not make a band `` punk '' for all of you that do n't seem to understand that . This probably wo n't reach many mtv following Sum 41 fans reading this so go ahead and press `` no '' below . It 's your ears that are being subjected to this .
 I hate this band , it reminds me of that irritating Wendy 's commercial . I love Wendy 's , but I hate that commercial ! Pop punk is way too happy and bouncy , I like my music to be dark and rainy . If you like sunny days , buy this , but I 'll take a rainy day any day !
 ONE OF THE WORST ALBUMS OF THE YEAR ... A RECORD PRODUCERS DREAM AND THE WORLDS NIGHTMARE.BREAK UP AND LET THERE BE ONE LESS CRAPPY BAND ON THE AIRWAVES . YOU GUYS ARE HORRIBLE .
 I had the cd for about a week , then i burned it with a lighter . It was cool . most of the songs sound the same . This cd has been done so many times . All they do is play three chords really fast and tell everyone that they do n't care about the world and that they WAN NA be punks . this is n't even punk ! Fat lip sounds like something Limp Bizkit would play . If you wan na hear punk then go get Rancid . these guys are a bunch of sellouts !
 Sum 41 is one of those bands that if you hear them once , you never really care to hear them again . Right now , the punk rock scene is getting overly-crowded with look-a-like , sound-a-like bands that offer nothing original or ground-breaking . Sum 41 is most certainly one of these bands . It seems like they rely entirely on the success of one song , and fill the rest of the album with garbage that they somehow call music . On their first album `` Half Hour of Power '' , that song was Makes No Difference . While that song was halfway decent , the rest of the album was easily forgettable . The same thing goes for `` All Killer , No Filler . '' Unfortunately , this cd should have been named `` Mostly Filler , One Killer '' . The one song that I 'm referring to is `` Fat Lip '' , and it 's been all over the radio and TRL lately and continues to pick up steam . This song is average , and I can see how it became a hit , but it still does not deviate from the standard punk rock formula . And what 's up with their live act ? The choreographed guitar playing ? I saw them play a live show on MTV2 recently and it could not have been any lamer . Anyways , if you want good punk music that has real emotion , then check out NFG , Saves the Day , Midtown , or the Ataris .
 This album would n't irritate quite as much as it does now if it did n't seem like everybody but me enjoyes it . Not only are they unoriginal , the lyrics and versitality have reached an all time low . Sum 41 sings to pleasant pop tunes that they like making fun of people , they do n't want to wake up , they have no motivation , and they are mad at their parents for making them do homework.This is good music for all the early teenagers who are in `` rebellion '' against their parents ... Furthermore this album is about 40 minutes long ... all the songs sound the same and the longest song is 3:02 minutes and there is nary a guitar solo in the entire Cd . Oh Well ... I 'm sure that they will fade into obscurity within the decade.Anyways ... I 'm not a complete pop-punk hater ... the self titled Blink 182 album was n't that bad .
 formulaic inane drivel , yet another step in the wrong direction for the music world . i hear groups like this on `` rock shows '' on mtv or the radio . this is as far from rock as you can get without being celine dion . its punk . its not even good punk like punk used to be . its bad punk/rap that pains me to hear so very very many groups doing the same thing . its apparently the only thing that people can register as rock . if you want hard , go listen to some system of a down . they can actually write music as well , as opposed to this garbage . im moving to sweden , they still play music .
 I think this young group is not reaching their full potential . I believe that they really whish to play 80 's metal type music , however they are being held down to play the market-safe `` california punk '' . Hey PunkRawkKing , you claim to be a punker , well it is spelled `` RAMONES '' ... That 's all for now
 ok , i really liked half hour of power , and this cd is good , but it 's more pop than punk , more zebrahead that the old sum 41 . it 's still ok though ,
 These guys stink , just like any so called `` punk '' rock today . Do n't buy this .
 I do n't especially hate or like this cd , I just know that it 's extremely hyped for no apparent reason , and is n't QUITE as catchy as everyone likes to make it out to be . That 's all .
 Well after hearing fatlip on trl i went out to get the cd . To my disapointment it went totally downhill from fatlip . The other songs dont have a message at all and most of them sound the same . Do n't waste money on this cd -LRB- buy the single -RRB- .
 If your kid is listening to this drivel -LRB- like mine is -RRB- , then you can rest assured there 's worse out there . This is harmless , imitation rebellion of little consequence . If they like it , fine.Still , you wonder what a bunch of Canadian kids could possibilly have to say about California punk . -LRB- About as much as Vanilla Ice had to say about rap , I imagine -RRB- . The band needs to get their own life , instead of trying to borrow someone else 's and sell it.There 's nothing wrong with asking yourself `` Where did I go wrong ? '' when you hear it coming from you offspring 's headphones . But hang in there . In a couple of months , he and every other kid with this one will be tryng to sell it back at the used CD section -LRB- to raise enough dough for the inevitable `` Limp Bizkit 's Greatest Hits '' disc . -RRB-
 I have kept hearing people saying this is a hard rock alblum . Well , this alblum -LSB- is not good -RSB- . Sum 41 are only posers , they would n't know what music is if it someone showed it to them in the dictionary . All the songs can be considered whiney . It seems that this is just like all the `` rock music '' that plays on MTV , its just a bunch of guys with hair that does n't look like its been washed in a week , pissing and moaning about whatever comes to their minds . Billy Joel rocks harder than Sum 41 ! If you want real music get Slayer 's `` God Hates Us All , '' that is metal !
 Where to start ... . Sum 41 is guilty of so many musical atrocities that it is difficult to summarize here without the risk of developing carpal tunnel . Fortunately their flagrant unoriginality alone gives me fodder enough for a satisfactory review . Let me first say that I do n't expect every musical effort put forth in this world to be original . We all know there is nothing new under the sun , and in the quest to be original , many artists simply end up alienating all audiences . So I grant that every band today must borrow some from previous groups . However , if you are going to copy somebody at least copy somebody good . If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , then Sum 41 must be charter members of the Blink 182 fan club . Blink 182 -LRB- despite what your 17 year old daughter might say -RRB- is not good , and this is why I ca n't understand Sum 41 . Why do they insist on copying bad music ? There is a reason there are no Fine Young Cannibals cover bands out there . Bad music is not to be imitated ! Now , as for the song `` Fat Lip , '' the first time I heard it , I did n't know whether the lyrics were sincere or sarcastic . Apparently they are for real . Look at the lyrics . It 's like they read a book entitled `` How to Write Punk Lyrics , '' before etching out this one . They covered all the bases
 when the varsity cheerleaders at your school start to love Sum 41 , you will finially realize , like I have , that they have gone way too mainstream . punk rock bands do n't get tons of air time on MTV . it 's just something that does n't happen . sum 41 is pop . it 's not bad , but that 's what it is . so lets all accept it and move on .
 You teenyboppers just do n't get it , do you ? THIS ALBUM IS NOT PUNK . Sum41 is not punk . Blink182 is not punk . Not even Anti-Flag and AFI are punk . PUNK DIED BEFORE ALL YOU POSERS WERE EVEN BORN . The `` punk '' genre of music is practically non-existant today . I want to puke everytime I see or hear bands like Sum41 trying desperetly to be punk ; it is clearly evident to people who have an good understanding of music in general that Sum41 and a million other bands like it are the sad , sad , epitomie of mainstream `` punk '' today . Sum41 do n't have the raw passion , energy , or cause ... there is so much to be said of the state of modern mainstream music today that claims to be punk ; I could write volumes . It 's no use trying to `` convert '' all you teenyboppers becuase you 're so brainwashed by MTV and KROQ . All I can say now is if you want to hear REAL PUNK , I recommend listening to The Stooges , Sex Pistols , Bad Brains , Black Flag , Germs , Subhumans ... but I doubt you teenyboppers would even be able to handle real punk becuase it would scare you . So sad , becuase there is such much great punk out there that you people will never hear becuase you 're too busy following the crowd . 98 % of the people reading this proably have no idea what i 'm talking about or even care becuase they do n't care about music . Oh well , it 's not my loss , it 's yours . I sit back and laugh at your ignorance . `` I 'm not here for your amusement . You 're here for mine . '' - John Lydon
 Look what we 've got here ... Sum 41 ... wow . . I wan na pee myself . . another cheesy pop band trying to find a place on the punk rock market after they heard a NOFX album and decided they were gon na be punk rockers til they died , or at least until they went on MTV and shook hands with Carson Daily . . now they wan na be rock stars . . tsk tskThis album ... like all pop wannabe punk garbage is just the same boring melodic crap . The songs are overpolished marketbal teen garbage for 13 year old little girls who `` do n't like people over 18 becuase they like music from the 80 's with big hair '' . . -LRB- in reference to some moronic review -RRB- The songs . . cheese cheese cheesenot only are we being tortured with the vomiting sounds of '' Fat Lip '' . . and `` In Too Deep '' . . poppy songs with 1 intention . . make money for Island records . . then later discuss how great MXPX is and why they 're a punk band in the first placeThis album is disgusting , it 's sad to see band 's with influences from at least 1 decent poppy-punk band -LRB- NOFX -RRB- . . put out utter crap , and then exploit everything punk rock representsI do n't diss these guys cos they are famous , and because they 're on mtv -LRB- thats the main reason honestly -RRB- . . but because this band claims to be punk rock , but these songs ... are just so cheesy and softcore ... it makes me sickBut I guess we need to get over it ... punk rock is deadWHy you people buy this I do not know ... but stop wasting valuable money . . donate it to something worthy . . eh doesnt matter the money you spend on this junk will just go back to the large corporations into the government to make BOMBS !! . . oi oi oi
 Punk rawk ? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ... Go back to watching MTV children , this is as safe as Barney . Ai n't no punk rock here folks just corporate radio friendly pop shlock . How does it feel when your culture is entirely spoon fed to you by corporate interests ? Nice safe rebellion .
 Really Sum 41 , what have you done ? when are you ever going to stop complaining about your mommies making you do your homework . Since when is it in style to be immature ? The only good song on this album is Never Wake Up because there 's less than a minute of torture . Plus , i would n't be so frustrated if thier fans would admit that Sum 41 is pop . Also , the cover is the stupidest cover i have ever seen . Enough of the hardcore crap . Saying that you are lazy -LRB- MOTIVATION IS SUCH AN AGGRAVATION -RRB- does not make you rebellious in any way . Neither is saying that you enjoy amking fun of people -LRB- CAUSE WE LIKE HAVING FUN AT OTHER PEOPLES EXPENSES -RRB- make you seem angry with the constraints of society . By the way , do n't accuse of not hearing the CD . I own the monstrocity . Finally All Killer , No Filler is n't even an original name - it 's the title of an old Jerry Lewis album .
 For those of you who heard Fat Lip on the radio and decided to go out and buy this , like I did , think again . This CD sounds nothing like the energetic , awesomeness of Fat Lip . It sounds like some of the songs on Enema of The State by Blink 182 that I do n't like to listen to . Do yourself a favor and just download the mp3 of Fat Lip and burn it onto a mix , because this CD is n't worth the $ 14 that I paid for it .
 Look . It 's ok if you 're into pop-punk like blink-182 , NFG , saves the day and the like , but it 's not at all original . Guitarworld discribed this as `` if you mix the beastie boys with NOFX and Iron maiden , That 's sum 41 '' . Well , they got the NOFX CLONE part right . Some beastie style raps are found , but it 's too late
 This is crap . It sounds about as bad as the Backstreet Boys or Nsync . I would never listen to this junk and do n't think it 's even good enough for its elementary school fans who know nothing about music . This is simply crap to make someone money , simply not quality .
 This album is just a little too poppy . A lot of the songs sound almost exactly the same.Best songs1 . Fat Lip2 . RhythmsDecent song1 . Never wake upThe rest of the songs -LSB- are n't good -RSB- .
 Eh , if your thinking of buying this , its not as amazing as you might think it is , i bought it because i loved the little song at the end titled `` pain for pleasure '' , my opinion the only good song on the album . What saves this album is the drummer . Stevo is quite a good drummer , his rating is an A - .
 in the song Fat Lip the guy fricking rapping !!!!!!!!!! and in the song in to deep he 's just whining !!!!!!!!!!!! i did n't hear any other songs but this still sucks as i can see . bands such as stink 182 and pimple man they sound very similar if not the same.you want real punk ? THAN HERE IS SOME RRRRRRRREEEEEAAAAALLLLLL PUNK ROCK !!!!!! RamonesSex PistolsVandalsDropkick MurphysRancidBad ReligionDistillersect.other fake punk poser bands to avoidpimple manstink 18good charlotte -LRB- could n't think of an insult -RRB- Green day -LRB- hmm they 're ok but they are posers -RRB-
 does n't anyone know the meaning of rock anymore ? the supposedly rock music channels and radio stations are filled with this dire mockery of rock that is pop/punk . half hour of power shouldnt even be talked about ! all killer no filler is crap from the offset . im sorry but i pity all those who bought it -LRB- like i foolishly did -RRB- because they are being exposed to a sheer mockery of teh greatness that is rock . the only decent song is pain for pleasure and that onli lasts for a minute ! kids do not buy this because it will soil your cd collection . buy does this look infected ? instead for the same price . you 'll be getting much better value for your rock music
 i hate this pop rock . its not punk . the only good song is pain for pleasure because its an awesome metal song . metal kicks a $ $ . if u lke metal also listen to metal church , helloween , maiden , priest , etc. up the irons
 OKAY !! You little stupidheads that like Sum41 and Blink182 ... let me ask you something . If they are n't PUNK ... then what the heck are they ? They certainly ARE NOT pop , or any of that other stupid type of music ... and you obviously do n't know what the heck you 're talking about , so shut up and sit your bottom down . And , no , I 'm not saying that all that other stupidity is n't punk or anything . Everyone has their own opinion , right ? And , they all stink . But , still . Here 's mine . There 's no need to go off and make fun , or like Blink182 , or Sum41 , now is there ? Bet they have a heck of alot more talent then you and they 're stinkin ' trying . They 're two whatever bands . The pop generation is going downhill , and punk is rising . THE HECK punk is dead , ya dumb retard . Anyways , I 'm out .
 HERE IS MY TOP TEN LIST OF THE THINGS I HATE ABOUT THIS ALBUM10 ITS LAME9 THEY RIP OFF GREEN DAY8 THERE DUMB7 THERE TOO OLD6 SONGS THAT WERE WRITTEN BY A ORANGATANG5 : WUSSY ROCK4 THERE A BUNCH OF WUSSYS3 THEY STINK2 THEY REALLY STINK1 ... . ITS SUM 41 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This band is a rip off of every band ever . This cd is bad to
 I was dissapointed when i got this , for some reason i thought that these guys were going to be a resergence of the before punk-pop mid 90 's punk rock that i really like , kind of like Green Day 's insomniac , but it sounds just like every pop-punk band out their and it ... , all their choruses have na-na-na-nananana in them , it is just pop with distorted guitars .
 Actually , 2 stars is way more than I give to other bands of this genre . These guys at least have a bit of humour that is n't related to bodily functions -LRB- `` Trashed my own house party ` cus nobody came '' -RRB- . Their references to 80s heavy metal will go right over the heads of most of the 12 year olds that buy this album ... hinting of bigger and better things in the future . Hopefully they can live up to their potential ... this album is n't it .
 Wow , this is one great CD . The singer can really rap on `` fat lip '' . Kudos for that guy for singing about mullets and putting his music on TRL . That show is the SHOW of punk !! That 's just DOPE !! My brother -LRB- who 's 18 . he 's old -RRB- keeps telling me that punk was originated by `` The ramoans '' and Joey Ramoan . Well , he is a poser and bands like The Clash , Pennywise , and Anti-Flag are as well . I play guitar and sing for a cover band called the `` Punk Kings '' , and play music from bands like Good Charolette , Blink 182 , Green Day , New found glory , and such . you know , REAL punk . If you do n't buy this CD , you are n't a real punker . DUDE !!
 If I hear one more 13 year old kid say how great this album is and how Sum 41 is the coolest punk band ever I 'm going to puke . Listen kids , this is not punk , this is TRL crap disguiesed -LRB- sp ? -RRB- as a punk band .
 It makes me mad that people consider this punk.This is n't even CLOSE to punk . It is a lot like Blink 182 , but I do n't mind them just because their drummer is really good -LRB- Travis Barker -RRB- . If you want REAL punk listen to NOFX and Bad Religion . Have you noticed on these reviews when people rate the songs , they rate all the bubble gum , sissy songs 9 or 10 and they rate Pain for Pleasure and Never Wake Up really low . Those two songs are the best on the whole CD .
 OK kids lets go over something , this is barely punk , while I do n't like the style that Sum 41 is which would be the carbon copy of Blink 182 like so many other super trendy `` punk '' bands . Blink 182 seemed to have started this purely pop-punk genre , now what you guys want to listen to is your business , but if you want real punk try one of the older bands that actually started it Like The Ramones , The Sex Pistols , The Dead Kennedys , or the Clash . Or if you want something more modern try AFI , The Living End , or The Offspring . I am personally a big Offspring fan and while I will admist they have drifted towards a more pop like flavor they still retain the same great punk attitude that these new bands so sorely lack . Cancer did n't kill Joey Ramone , he just heard Sum 41 and did him in .
 This CD is almost 100 % -LSB- POO -RSB- . Whatever you do , do n't buy this CD under any circumstances . I was unfortunately caught by the only catchy song on the CD , the first single `` Fat Lip '' . It is a cool Beastie Boys-ish song . If you like it , simply download it . Do n't , and I repeat DO N'T buy it . The rest of the CD is -LSB- junk -RSB- . Pure 100 % Dog -LSB- poo -RSB- . It 's not even punk music ! They 're a Canadien-Wannabe-blink-182 band which is sad because blink-182 is n't even that good . The bottom line is if you want good punk music , buy any of Green Day 's CDs and you 'll be much happier than you would with this `` music '' .
 Without a doubt , Sum41 is just another pop-punk band in the ever-growing pop-punk fad . They are nothing original , but it 's too bad that they do n't know that . By adding elements of hip-hop in their music -LRB- cheesy rapping -RRB- and saying some of their biggest influence are Iron Maiden and Slayer -LRB- which , certainly do not show in their music -RRB- they 've tried to distance themselves from the genre that they 're in , but it fails miserably . I will give them credit though , they do have extremely catchy songs . But all that boils down to is annoyance , because catchy songs that are good get annoying . Sum41 's songs are catchy and downright horrible . That 's an aneurysm waiting to happen . A friend of mine suggested how they came upon their name to me
 At first you may like them , but after a while ... they get really annoying . With me , even the best of albums gets old sometime , but `` All Killer No Filler '' I listened to a couple of times . And then I could n't stand it . Deryck Whibley 's -LRB- Bizzy D. . . how stupid -RRB- way of singing WILL get on your nerves.Granted , some songs are very catchy and might get you tapping your toes or even dancing . Nothing on My Back is one of those ones , but the chorus is extremely repetitive . Songs such as Crazy Amanda Bunkface , Summer , and maybe even Heart Attack are some of the better songs here . But songs such as Motivation , Fat Lip , Rhythms , and All She 's Got are mediocre at best . And the slow song , `` Handle This '' is absolutely horrible . Some elements are downright cheesy and stupid , the Introduction to Destruction , Never Wake Up and Pain For Pleasure being some of them . Maybe they could have taken those off and made some room for a good song ? But no . They should of named this `` All Filler No Killer '' because that 's what this is . Absolute filler.Sum 41 do n't have any substance , and their sophomore release gets on my nerves and it might as well get on yours too . Do n't waste your money on a CD that you 're only going to listen to for 1 day.I ended up selling this.I find it disturbing that Sum 41 is compared to Green Day . Green Day is a much better and more interesting band . But oh well . Every pop-punk band is compared to Green Day .
 I think Sum 41 should take all the nice money they made off this CD , buy a nice car with it , and run it straight up a tree . Mainstreaming `` punk '' and making loads of money -LRB- a la Blink 182 -RRB- and playing on MTV with an army of teeny-boppers while thinking you 're hardcore sickens me . For shame . I only rated it with one star because zero was not an option .
 The only thing `` punk '' about this CD is Sum 41 's total lack of regard for making anything important or memorable . It starts out with an annoying , unlistenable metal parody/tribute/whatever that you 'll definately want to skip every time you put in this disc . Just look at the album cover if you have any doubts about the music contained within . Some of the songs sound okay on the radio , sure . Fat Lip is actually a good single , as is Motivation . In Too Deep is simply much too poppy though . As for the rest of the contents , forget about it . Disposable generic pop-punk a la Green Day and Blink 182 . An album really should be more than just a means of landing songs onto the radio and making a bunch of cash . It should be some sort of statement , something creative , something artistic , something honest . Well , Sum 41 got the honest part down , because I have a feeling that the immaturity , bad attempts at humor and overall unoriginally of this CD reflects their personalities perfectly .
 This cd is complete garbage except for the very last song . i wish these guys would stop wasting their talent and starting making metal instead of making mtv trl tennyboper ... pop punk garbage . they obviously have the ability to do it , but insead they waste their talent . i dont understand it . ive also heard that they do a cover raining blood by slayer live . i dont understand why they are wasting their talent instead of making good music . i give it two stars only because of the last song . the rest of the cd is complete forgetable .
 This is pretty much all the normal pop -LSB- stuff -RSB- , but they try to make themselves seem like punks , which i find very amusing . But its slightly better than all that new found glory -LSB- stuff -RSB- .
 Let 's get one thing straight . This is not punk . This is not good , and how they got a contract is beyon me . This album is pure blah , from beginning to end . It 's sort of a sad thing that millions of kids with blue hair will buy this album , shout , `` Punk Rules . '' and call this disc their Bible . People should understand the stuff you hear on radio that are labled ` punk ' are not punk , but kid pop with distortion . Do yourself a favor . Save your cash . Buy Fugazi , Mineral , Jawbox , Jawbreaker , heck even by the new Nsync disc . That has a tad more creativity . Corporate rock at it 's most obvious .
 This is not a punk album . This is a straight mainstream rock record that has the packaging of a punk band . Any true punk listener should stay far away . If however you like `` punk '' like blink 182 or american hifi or any of those other stupid bands , this cd would fit real good next to your linkin park and blink 182 cds . People who like real punk should not even look at this cd !
 What has happened to the world of pop/emo-esque punk ... This band has talent no doubt , but I swear only two power chords ae used ... The lyrics are typical and the same riff is used in all the songs at varying cadence ... Punk is supposed to be about anti-government sentiment , not mullets ... There needs to be a new class of music called `` joke '' because that is all this is ... If you want good music not 13 year-old rants , check out Alkaline Trio-Bfish
 Who do these kids think they are ? The Beastie Boys ? Not hardly . The Beastie Boys are talented and unique , this band is so ordinary and radio friendly it makes me ill . Sounds sorta like it should be the soundtrack for a teen movie or something . For god 's sake , please dont buy it .
 I am not surprised that another one of these pop-punk bands made a CD that the only people who want to listen to this is a poser .
 We love Green Day and Offspring but we dont need Sum 41 . By now you would think they would have relised cheesey rock is out i mean its nearly as cheasy as your local cheese shop . If you like this you can not be called a rocker more like a pop fan who buys the cheesyist relises every week and a bed room full of spice girl c.ds but the spice girls are not as cheesey as this . O.K Fat Lip is the best song on the album sorry i meen the only good song on the album if you like Fat Lip buy the single dont waste your money.Hope this helps you .
 There 's nothing special about his album at all . It just sounds like every other pop - `` punk '' band out there . The guitar , bass , drums , and singing are all quite simple . Sure , some of the songs are catchy but it does n't take long to get sick of them . However , I will rate the songs.Intro - I 'm pretty sure this is supposed to be `` copying '' the intro from Iron Maiden 's Number of the Beast . I 'm not 100 % sure on that , though.Nothing on My Back - Catchy tune , but loses my interest after a while . 6/10Never Wake Up - WAY too short . Nothing specail about this song at all . 3/10Fat Lip - This is the hit song from the album . It 's actually not that bad . I do n't understand the statement `` Maiden and Priest were the Gods that we praised '' . If they were so big into Iron Maiden and Judas Priest , then why does their music suck so much more ? 8/10Rythms - Kind of boring . 5/10Motivation - Catchy , but gets old really fast . 6/10In too deep - Worst song on the cd . WAY too poppy and annoying . 2/10Summer - Decent song . They seemed to do a better job with their instruments and vocals on this song . 7/10Handle This - Alright , but gets on my nerves . Sounds too `` emotional '' . 5/10Crazy Amanda Bunkface - Faster than some of the previous songs , but not that much better . 6/10All She 's Got - This song is fast like the previous track , but not as good . 4/10Heart Attack - Alright song writing , just not my style of music at all . 6/10Pain for Pleasure - The music sounds a lot like Iron Maiden , with the dueling lead guitars and the galloping beat , but the singing does n't sound like Maiden at all . Obviously the music is n't near as complex as Maiden.I would recommend that you save your money and buy some REAL music , like Dio , Megadeth , Iron Maiden , or Judas Priest
 ALL I HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THIS CRAP BANK AND ANYONE LIKE THEM -LRB- BLINK 182 , NOFX , NEW FOUND GLORY , NEED I GO ON ? -RRB- IS THAT THEYARE NOT PUNK ! I CANT STAND ALL OF THESE KIDS THAT GO AROUNDLISTENING TO THIS GOD AWFUL POSER @ $ $ ED SKATER MUSIC ANDTHEN GO AROUND SAYING `` HEY , I 'M COOL BECAUSE I LISTEN TOPUNK AND IM REBBELLIOUS , I RIDE AROUND ON MY $ 300 DOLLARSKATEBOARD WHIT MY POSER FREINDS , I HATE MY PARENTS , `` IT IS REALLY ONE OF THOSE RARE MOMENTS IN LIFE WHEREYOU DO N'T NKOW WEATHER TO LAUGH OR CRY . THERE WAS ONE REVIEVER WHO WAS COMPLAING ABOUT GETTING $ 200 A MONTH FORALLOWENCE FROM HIS PARENTS AND HE IS RETARED ENOUGH TO CALLTHEM CHEAP , THESE ARE THE KINK OF PEOPLE THAT LISTEN TO THISS # $ * MUSIC , HEY GET A GOD DAM LIFE , THIS IS NOT PUNK!LET ME SAY IT AGAIN , THIS IS NOT PUNK ! THIS IS CRAP!REAL PUNK WAS IN THE LATE 70 'S / EARLY 80 'S , NOT NOW , REAL PUNK HAD A MESSAGE TO IT AND DEALT WHIT SOCIAL INJUSTICE , NOT ALL OF THIS IM MAD AT MY DADDY BULL $ H!T , REAL PUNK IS THE RAMONES -LRB- GOD REST YOUR SOUL JOEY -RRB- THE SEX PISTOLS AND DISCHARGE ,
 Awful . words ca n't describe this -LRB- stuff -RRB- . Sum41 is nothing but a childish pop band with guitars and drums , just like Blink 182 and Limp Bizkit . the only good thing this band have is their guitarist , just too bad that he wastes his talent in this horrible band .
 Take the worst of Blink 182 , Beastie Boys , Green Day , and every other punk/rap crap band you can think of . Then throw it all in a blender , hit puree , feed it to your dog , let him crap it out , and let it sit out in the sun for a few weeks . The end result product will probably sound better than Sum 41 's music.I hate these guys with a passion . This music is the bottom of the barrel , folks . My ears are traumatized for life after listening to this poop .
 Uh , more like all filler ! This album is so boring , and so irritating I could n't even stand it ! It 's bad enough that there 's bands like Weezer and Blink 182 making a mockery of what punk used to be , but now there 's yet another one that not only does the same thing , but also mutilates Iron Maiden riffs in the process . Yes , much like Papa Roach , Sum 41 thought it would be a good idea to mix Iron Maiden with the `` radio rock '' sound . But , to me -LRB- and to most Maiden fans , I 'm sure -RRB- it 's nothing but a slap in the face . The song `` Pain for Pleasure '' is pretty pathetic , really . I mean yes , it is a pleasant surprise after the whiny vocals and inane lyrics that you have to endure to get to this song , but it 's only like a minute long , there 's no solo , and even Iron Maiden and Judas Priest at their worst moments is far superior . I do , however , hope that that song opens doors for some Blink fans , and gets them looking into the world of oldschool metal , but ya never know . Just the same , though , the `` ouch , that song gives me a headache ! '' comments do make me smile . To sum up Sum 41 , this is just not punk . If you want to hear some real punk , check out the Misfits or the Ramones , but this is for disciples of TRL .
 I find Sum 41 to be another product of the cookie cutter pop punk industry . I hate to say it to you 12 year old kids who enjoy Blink 182 and Sum 41 , but they are not punk - They are pop , plain and simple . Here 's a little hint for you PunkRawkKing , its Ramones . They were one of the founding fathers of punk , and I hate to say it but your brother is right . The Clash is also another founding father of punk . Have some respect little man .
 This CD is a HUGE dissapointment . I expected better when I bought the second CD . I bought the second one first , and I must say that `` The Sums '' have inproved alot on the second CD , but that is not much to say as far as this CD goes . I can HEAR them stumbling on their words and missing their notes . This CD would sound better muted . I reconmend Blink 182 , Good Charlotte , and New Found Glory . Do n't waste your -LSB- money -RSB- .
 a long time ago , my friend told me this was a great punk album ... yet , i just made a mistake by buying this.This is n't even punk rock or even close ... this is an album made for 10 year old skateboard kids who think they are `` bad '' and `` cool '' . The rapping is soooooo irritating ... face it , if you have the slightest musical tatses , dont buy it
 as soon as i finished listening to this CD , i thought i was listening to the beastie boys . I think of this group as a Beatie Boys tribute group , sorry no creativity here .
 When will they stop coming ? All these silly poser bands just keep coming do n't they ? Sad thing is that this is what MTV calls `` punk '' . Sum 41 is just another band like Green Day , Blink 182 and any other stupid wanna-be punk band that lacks talent in writing good lyrics and good music . Some people call this punk rock . Others call this emo . This is neither at all . If you are in the third grade , then its all cool for you to listen to this band . Stupid , weak , boring , repeative junk is what this band creates . Totally useless !
 I first bought the cd right when fat lip came out on the radio for stations like WBCN and WAAF . Well at first it was great , but after listening to the same -LSB- stuff -RSB- over and over and over ! There are a few good songs though . Never Waking Up and Handle This are pretty good but the rest are just plain stupid . The title of the cd was correct though , All Killing what is actually GOOD MUSIC and it was an absolute No Filler for anyone with taste .
 This CD is just a disgrace to punk music . These guys are obviously trying to be the next Blink 182 and it 's not working .
 Sum 41 has no talent . They are not skilled by any means and the lyrics are just horrible . If you want something close to decent in the pop-punk genre , try New Found Glory , The Ataris , or maybe older Blink-182 material . This album is made for stupid punks with no attention span that are in the scene for the wrong reasons . It kills me to see so many people enjoy this trash when there is so much good music out there . Do n't degrade yourself by buying and supporting this no talent band . Pick up some AFI or Bad Religion to truly understand the real meaning of being `` punk '' .
 In my opinion , this cd -LRB- disappointed -RRB- . Minus only 3 or 4 songs , All Killer No Filler is n't worth my 15 dollars . The only good songs are `` In Too Deep '' `` Never Wake Up '' `` Heart Attack '' and perhaps `` Fat Lip '' . These are the only songs that are worth anything at all , do n't buy it . The songs i mentioned above are good , because they have some good lyrics and a good sound , but there is alot of repeition of badness on the cd . There 's a track that is practically the same as `` Fat Lip '' , change a couple words and some chords . I think it 's track 10 , and this song is only better than the rest of the -LRB- stuff -RRB- on the cd . You 'd be better off downloading the few songs then wasting the -LRB- money -RRB- on Sum 41 . Use it to buy yourself a clue if you even want to buy the cd .
 I never gave this band any thought until I saw them cover Metallica 's `` Master of Puppets '' for 2003 's MTV Icon . And though they did n't play the whole song , they did play the solo and the fact that they were able to pull that off got the attention of me . When some kid I knew was giving away CD 's he did n't listen to anymore , along with two other CD 's , I picked this one just to see what the boys were made of . Well , I was a bit disappointed . It seems that though these guys grew up listening to bands like Judas Priest and Iron Maiden -LRB- as mentioned in the song `` Fat Lip '' -RRB- and seem to be decently talented players , they are either only capable of writing pop-punk music or they were just focusing on what pleases the masses when making this record.I was hoping to see what else the lead guitarist could do , but I found out there were hardly any solos on here , and the ones that were there were n't very interesting.There is a tribute to 80 's metal called `` Pain for Pleasure '' , and some rap-rock -LRB- `` Fat Lip '' -RRB- but other than that everything pretty much sounds the same.Now , I have n't heard anything else they 've done , and I 'm not going to judge them on just one album , if you like simple pop-punk then you 'll like this album , if not you wo n't . That is all.Sum 41 on this album is : Deryck Whibley -LRB- Bizzy D -RRB- - Guitar , Lead VocalsDave Baksh -LRB- Brown Sound -RRB- - Guitar , Backup VocalsCone McCaslin - BassSteve Jocz -LRB- Stevo 32 -RRB- - Drums
 this album counts only `` in too deep '' and `` fat lip '' as decent songs . The rest is , well , all filler . And the record is only half an hour long , so there are only about another five complete songs -LRB- track one is a reminder of Maiden ` s `` number of the beast '' and track three is 50 seconds long -RRB- . It makes you wonder if the guys that wrote the two hit singles wrote the rest of the album as well.Piece of advice , tape or download the singles and spend your money on something else .
 Sum 41 is not punk rock . At best , it 's pop-punk , but Sum 41 is even poppier than Green Day . I would suggest education and listening to bands like Dead Kennedys , Fear , Clash , Ramones , etc , but it looks like that did n't work.First of all , how can you say Dead Kennedys was n't a punk rock band ? They were one of the first hardcore bands on the scene . Meaningful lyrics ? I do n't know about you , but I consider world issues a bit more poignant than high school experiences . I guess songs like Kill the Poor do n't really mean anything to you since your parents buy everything for you . Sell-out fast rock 'n' roll ? You obviously do n't know what rock 'n' roll and punk rock sounded like in the 80 's , or you would n't be saying that . And whose face is plastered all over MTV , Dead Kennedys or Sum 41 ? That 's what I thought . Sum 41 uses publicity and music videos to sell records while bands like The Clash and Dead Kennedys used a loyal following , good music , and lyrics that spoke to a dissatisfied public , which is what punk rock has been about since the start.Since you drive a new VW bug , and shop at Hot Topic -LRB- you 're hippie , punk and goth ? -RRB- , it 's pretty meaningless to argue with you , but if you like skate-punk , at least check out some decent Fat Wreck Chord bands , like NOFX .
 ... yeah right ! ... well , you want a review for this album ... ok ... this is the worst band in the world . . is music for 5 years old brats who think they 're cool listening to whining sorry lyrics and boring rappings ... if you 're into punk listen to real punk bands ... what about some wizo ... they are young neither ... or bad religion ... they 're gods ... do n't be a sucka my friend and if you bought this album gave it to your little cousins , ... but I do n't think they 're dumb enough to take it ...
 1 -RRB- make really -LRB- ... -RRB- music ! 2 -RRB- act like losers ! 3 -RRB- mix it w / rap -LRB- ... -RRB- 4 -RRB- stir it for 5 secondsand then you get the ultimate junk band in the world.and i call this home made dish `` SUM 41 ''
 This has to be the funniest set of reviews . That I have ever seen for a cd . There is no way you can call this punk . I am sure half of the little kids out there will though . This is mainstreme radio 's answer to giving all the Trl viewers another Blink 182 . Well , guess what , They do n't have the talent and they do n't have the punk credibilty.This is manufactured for the masses . I hope you kids relize that punk goes much deeper tha trl . If you want some good suggestions Try The Alkaline Trio , Face To Face , Pennywise , or The Smoking Popes . I have plenty of reviews of punk music for you to look at . If you really want to hear real punk music .
 well i 've heard the song `` fat lip '' and i like the beat but the lyrics are -LSB- crud -RSB- . if you do n't want to `` conform to society '' why play your videos on mtv . if you are on mtv you are a sell out -LRB- blink 182 , p.o.d. -RRB- do n't get me wrong i like some bands on mtv but they are still sellouts -LRB- p.o.d. , red hot chili peppers , creed -RRB- . if you want to listen to punk or pop - punk listen to relient k or dogwood they have good lyrics , good beats , and a good message .
 they have a lot of nerve going around proclaiming on MTV-of all places-that they are punk . Sum 41 is the worst kind of band that there is , one who copies a bunch of bands that are already bad to begin with . Sum 41 should not be making money , but they are . Why ? because america thinks that punk is ` cool ' and MTV gives them ` props ' to ` punk ' bands like blink 182 , NOFX , good charolette , saves the day , MxPx , and worst of all , sum 41 . All of these bands are horrific . i have heard all of them . Sum 41 , however , bears the worst insult of all of them
 I would rather scoop my eyeballs out and eat them with a smile on my face all the while hearing babies SCREAM because they are on fire than listen to this TERRIBLE album again . Have you ever been stabbed in the face repeatedly with a ice pick ? Take that feeling and times it by nine , and you will feel the agony of trying to listen to this god-awful record .
 All I can say is that if you are looking for a CD that sounds the same the whole way through this is the one for you . The first time I tried to listen to this CD my friend and I both got migranes . I have to say I like a couple of the songs on this Cd but it 's not worth buying the whole CD , just get the single .
 Sum 41 has always been a band I looked down upon , their cd Chuck really anti-impressed me except for `` Welcome to Hell '' which is the only reason I 'd like it , and this album is very similar in that aspect . The only reason I 'd ever put this cd in the stereo is to hear `` Nothing on my Back '' which is a wonderfully crafted song and actually ... at least close to punk . But besides that nothing really appeals to me , Rhythms is an ok song but the rest sounds the same pick up some Rancid or NOFX if you want punk.I do n't suggest you buy it maybe just download Nothing on my Back .
 well i 've heard the song `` fat lip '' and i like the beat but the lyrics are -LSB- junk -RSB- . if you do n't want to `` conform to society '' why play your videos on mtv . if you are on mtv you are a sell out -LRB- blink 182 , p.o.d. -RRB- do n't get me wrong i like some bands on mtv but they are still sellouts -LRB- p.o.d. , red hot chili peppers , creed -RRB- . if you want to listen to punk or pop - punk listen to relient k or dogwood they have good lyrics , good beats , and a good message . by the way `` fat lip '' 's lyrics are all filler ...
 I was very disapointed with this CD . After being overjoyed with his previous albums Gaia , Gaia II , Kosmos , and V -LRB- with Valentine -RRB- . It had the same great harmonies that those other albums had but lacked any deffinate melodies . The songs , It seemed were a bunch of random notes with Harmonies taken by several of his earlier songs thrown in . Many songs sounded like his other works with different verses and very slight changes to the chorus . There were really no new Ideas here . I thought some of the songs were his earlier songs recorded backwards . I expected this CD to be much better . It seemed Valensia was in a real hurry to release a new CD even though he really had nothing fresh to give it .
 I was hoping that this was all instrumental . However some of the songs has some singing on it . Sounds like a bad lounge singer in a Japanese amateur karaoke
 I am a fan of Howard Hewett for more than 20 years now and I think that he is among the greatest R&B singers on the planet . I saw him live in 1995 in Germany with Kirk Whalum and Paul Jackson Jr. wich was an excellent show , so I was more than happy to hear that Howard had a live album out . I could n't wait to hear it , but what a disappointment ! It does n't sound like a live performance at all , it seems that they just added some -LRB- poor sounding -RRB- audience noise to the end of some studiorecorded songs . If you like Howard Hewett , I suggest that you spend your money on some of his studio albums , because you at least get what you expect .
 Some of my friends tell me I listen to the wrong stuff , that I should move out of my whole `` Another teen supporting classic rock '' thing . Maybe that 's true . But that does n't keep Yeah ! from being a bad song . And do n't think the rest of this is good either.When I first heard this song , I thought whatever . Kinda forgettable , kinda boring . But then it started turning up everywhere ya looked and that really P'ed my O , if you know what I mean . -LRB- If you do n't , you should -RRB- . Yeah ! is so boring and just goes on and on and on and has major heart attack factor . On a scale of one to ten , I give it a 0.0000000000001 . To all you Usher worshippers , wake up and try 60 's rock , 70 's rock , Parliament or James Brown . You 'd like them a LOT more .
 ... but I 'd be wasting what watty420 already wrote . `` Yeah '' sucks , so does Flusher , er , I mean usher ! -LRB- lol -RRB-
 It 's about time someone wrote a song called `` Yeah '' . As a word , it can mean so many things . As well as a cool way to say ` Yes ' , it is also a fun thing to sing during a song ! Not this song , however , as this song is Satan 's Anthem.It 's clear from the opening synthesised trumpet call that this is going to be a spectacularly irritating - some might say obnoxious - song . Just in case it is n't , however , the computerised trumpet call is repeated throughout the entire song , forming the melodic backbone of this R&B club hit.This song is about clubs . And dancing . And girls . And music . And dancing . And clubbing . And girls . One girl , to be precise . Apparently a girl who wants to dance with Usher . His acceptance of the invitation , ` Yeah !!! ' , is the poetic inspiration for the chorus , formed entirely of shouted ` Yeah 's . Other people feature on this song for various cameos , partly to embarrass themselves but mostly to cover Usher 's weak vocals . Oh , and for a percentage of the royalties.Lil ' Jon is a particularly vile member of Usher 's little posse . You might remember him from other such classics as ` Get Low ' , the menu song for the game Need For Speed
 after a while the Crunk Cuts all sound the same & just have more Bark than Musical Bite . Usher jumps on board for a easy Hit but a forgettable song .
 this is cheesey R&B - if that 's even what you 'd like to call it . where 's the soul ? feeling ? pain ? deperation ? hole in the heart ? ect . crunk music is already is the worse thing that ever happened to hip-hop , why on earth mix it with R&B now ? it 's terrible . this is certainly not black music , but more intended for the white suburban highschool girl .
 R 'n' b was once a bunch of old dudes who would sing and have trumpets and things in the background . it was cool , all the fans were happy . Then usher came along with this thing he calls `` R 'n' b '' and kills it all , and then he brings two good hip-hop artists -LRB- lil ` jon and ludacris -RRB- and sucks all the fluid out of them killing them . he brainwashed all the kids , and now instead of hearing people saying `` that guy makes good music . '' all we hear is `` that guy is so hot . '' it 's really quite disgusting . I might go and rate the albums , I have n't heard them , but i 've seen the cover , and that seems like enough for you people to base a judgement on .
 Let me start by saying that Usher is a marginally talented guy . He can sing , thus he has talent . But he obviously has no education to use the slang he and every other rapper does , but what really shows his lack of IQ is choosing two rappers to collaborate with him . Rap requires absoultely no talent . Go ahead and give me a non helpful vote . It just shows that you read this review and I got my point across . Anyway , rap is nothing but some guy talking really fast , usually using slang terms and mispronouncing words like `` here '' and `` weird '' while calling women `` b * tches '' and `` h * es '' over programmed beats looped over and over again through a machine , either a turntable or a beat box or whatever . Let 's take Ludacris for example . I do n't like any rap , but I 've watched MTV enough to know that every single one of his songs sounds the same and it 's all the same subject matter
 I do n't know what 's happening with Usher . . I miss his days of ' U Do n't Have To Call ' and his other smooth R&B hits . . I used to like this song , but it 's COMPLETELY overplayed and it 's not even one of his best songs . It gets old fast . It does n't make it any better that they added untalented rappers to the mix of artists on the track -LRB- not all , but some -RRB- It 's sad . Usher , go back to your 8701 style .
 usher is trying to become some thug or street persona but it just isnt working even tho it 's selling well . i miss his older singles from `` 8701 '' and `` my way '' both gr8 albums . this single is lackluster and doesnt live up to usher 's tru talents like in songs such as `` can u help me '' and `` u remind me . '' very dissapointed ! F -
 The release of this song marks the downfall of western civilization . This is a fact . I 've done my research and have found that this song is offensively terrible , and should be assasinated for all the blood that it 's shed . With MTV2 and that Scissor Sisters song/video running in at a close second , this song is definitive proof that the mainstream music industry , and fans of this song are full-blown mentally handicapped . This is honest-to-god one of the worst songs I 've ever heard . What the hell is wrong with you people ? This is a TERRible , TERRible , TERRible song . It 's not catchy , it took two seconds to make , and I could make a better song by taking a dump in my bathroom , or sleeping ... while taking a dump . If you actually like this song , there 's something wrong with you . You need several psychological examinations , and then you need to be crucified . I have nothing against pop by the way . Or R&B . I like several artists and songs from both categories , but what I do n't like , is this crappy-ass song . This song is so bad , when I listen to it , stupid people enjoy it . That 's how bad it is . How can people like a song so bad ? I hate this song , I hate Usher , and if you like this song , you are a waste of life .
 It just comes to me as a surprise when it comes to artists stepping beyond the mainstream now . There just are too many exactly sounding the same . For Usher , that really is n't at all a adequate sign to enhance a long-term career . Anyway , he still has a long way to go with collaboration . His single , Yeah !! , a collaboration with Ludacris is n't really a all out song that stands out to me . Although the song does have some great beats . It really is n't the kind of collaboration I was really expecting of Usher . I was hoping for more of an Hip Hop Soul ballad , just like he had with You Got It Bad . This song is great , but it is just tiring , because it has been played out already .
 For those people who think this is just another Unearth album it is not !! It may have some band member that just carried the name , this is definatly not one of those hardcore albums , i was so dissapointed , however Nirvana fans may like this album , it is definatly different & may take some time to listen to . However , if this is really an Unearth album then it is not thier best album , this is b4 the ` Unearth ' we know is formed . . im assuming Mike Rudberg was the person that was in ` this ' album & just carried the ` Unearth ' name . . my suggestion is if your not rich , dont buy this album . If you got other cds that u can buy , buy those instead .
 We need more Snoopy Willis on this album . It missed the mark . I think that Notorious B.I.G. 's duet with Enrique Iglesias was phat , but his rendition of `` We will rock you '' with Rick Ocasick of the Cars sounded drab and unloquacious . I think Snoop Willis Willis is the next real star and really the only bright light on this album other than the duet .
 Only hyped up because his represented NY , and MTV loves Biggie and Puffy - The Notorious B.I.G. was a second rate rapper , mediocre at his finest.He learned to copy 2Pac 's style on Ready 2 Die , which is what made him popular . 2Pac used to tell him , `` Rap for the women , do n't rap for the ni ** as , the women will buy your albums and the ni ** as want what the women want . '' 2Pac used to let him come on before he did `` Keep Ya Head Up '' and `` I Get Around '' - Biggie all of the sudden changed his style , listen to `` Party and Bulls ** t '' - he changed from that , to `` Big Poppa . `` 2Pac trained him , he was under him like his liutenant . Then when 2Pac went to jail after Biggie did n't tell him about the NY shooting , Biggie just tried to give the shoutouts on the radio , and take his position.MTV will never tell this story , as they want to portray 2Pac as the bad buy , and Puffy & Big as the best ever .
 Biggie is terrible and he has never had a good album . People loved one of the worst rappers ever to ever set foot on this earth . He should have died before he was born
 I dont think Biggie was one of the greatest but his 2 albums -LRB- life after death , Ready to Die -RRB- were both very tight -- classics ! . This album however verges on the unlistenable . This CD came out less than a year ago and no one I know is still bumping it . This is a disgrace to Biggie
 What happened to the legendary Notorious B.I.G. a.k.a. Biggie Smalls , a.k.a. Christopher Wallace ? He used to be really good but I dunno what happened to him . The ONLY good song ... and I mean ONLY good song on this album is Dead Wrong . That is the only song that Biggie left behind on this album with a true gangsta rap beat . Do yourself a favor ... do n't buy this album . I made the mistake . If you are looking for Notorious B.I.G. , go with Life After Death .
 Everything Puffy has touched lately has turned to `` doo.doo '' and this is an example of what is in store for puffy in the future nothing but `` doo.doo.brown poo.poo . `` P.S. save your money $ $
 I cant believe poop diddy would exploit and profit off of his so called friend by releasing this garbage.Bad boy simply put this cd out just to make more money off of biggie fans.There are too many people featured and biggie doesnt even rap on some songs.Alot of the lyrical content is simply sleazy and filthy.The worst part about it is that poop diddy actually sings on most of this cd because he has an over inflated ego.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE !!!
 This is `` grave-robbing . '' You think Biggie wants to be remembered for garbage like this ? Never a big fan -LRB- that `` out-of-breath '' style never made me `` move . '' -RRB- Throw this in the garbage and remember his real-work ... OUT !
 This is no Biggie I 'm used to listening to . This album is plan wack . This best song on this cd is `` Dead Wrong '' -LRB- feat . Eminem -RRB- . The rest of it is terrible . I think Puffy made this so he could get some money from it , since his album did n't do sh@t on the charts . Please do n't waste your money . Go get Eminem 's `` The Marshall Mathers Lp '' or Dr. Dre 's cd before you get this junk , but , if you like Biggie that much , then buy it . I warned you . By the way , why do people keep saying that Biggie is the best rapper of all time ? He only made 2 albums , well , 3 if you count this album . You 'd have to make more than 2 or 3 albums to call youself the best .
 This CD should n't have came out.Its very disappointing.Puffy needs to quit and retire at the same time
 this c.d. could have been good if puffy had any idea of how to maximize an album as a product . he will get one teenybopper hit and put it on a weak l.p. he has perfected the art of selling out . i hate to see such a waste of money . do n't support that gravedigger puffy . how disrespectful can you get ? ask puffy . the lyrics are what makes this record get any ratings at all . it has barely any replay value cause the greatest rapper of all time does n't mesh with those weak , sell out , remixed beats . if you listen to ready to die and life after death you will definately see that this album is so below biggies standards that he would n't put it out had he been alive cause it would have been his downfall . puffy was his best friend and his biggest disgrace , yo .
 this album was ok , but was weak for a biggie release ... puff kinda messed up the album , i wouldnt have minded waiting even longer for a new biggie album if it was done a little bit neater ... but for all yall go pick this album up ... cuz it does have a little bit of biggie on it ... but on the real go pick up the new 2pac + outlawz cd ... cuz that is mad tight !
 The untimely death of notorious b.i.g. was a very sad time in the hiphop community . Even sadder was December 7,1999 , the day this album dropped . This record features a whos who list of mainstream commercial rap . The only bright spot of the album is the Eminem verse on `` dead wrong '' . I am still mourning because of this album .
 Ok I know the man is gone from us and we usually rate people who died or passed away with a little more remorse . Not me ! Biggie would n't want it that way . -LRB- I said that like I knew him -RRB- This is just an album Puffy or P. ... whateva put out to let us remember Big . This was the worst album since Ready to Die and that was n't a bad album.This album to me was just a filler of a legacy of one of the best rappers of the game . Biggie did n't need this album . It 's been 6 years and I am still on the Life After Death CD . That is the best double disc Cd I have ever heard.With that said if you are looking a a leagcy cd from Biggie ... this is n't it . If you do n't already got Life After Death ... then go get that . This album just does n't do it for a Biggie fan like myself.P.S . Do n't band some of the songs though ... I thought the song with Cash Money was pretty good . Peace !!
 THIS ALBUM IS OK.LIFE AFTER DEATH WAS WAY BETTER.THESE R THE ONLY GOOD TRACKS 3,4,6,14 . DO N'T BUY THIS GET SOME SINGLES .
 Puffy is the most reprehensible person to ever disgrace hip hop and this posthumous `` album '' is proof . Instead of letting Biggie 's memory rest with the excellent Life After Death , he decides to pull this dead rabbit out of his hat and destroys the memory of Brooklyn 's Finest . Notorius B.I.G. feat Lil Kim and Puffy was a terrible first single and made me stay away from this album for a while -LRB- I didnt pick it up till 2000 -RRB- . Hope You N **** s Sleep feat The Hot Boys and Big Tymers is a complete mismatch . Biggie over a Mannie Fresh beat -LRB- which wasnt a bad beat by the way -RRB- goes together like a size 20 foot in a size 6 shoe . Dead Wrong feat Eminem was and still is a banger even though I doubt Biggie would have made a song with Em . N **** s , Dangerous MC 'S -LRB- feat Mark Curry , Snoop Dogg & Busta Rhymes -RRB- , Let Me Get Down -LRB- feat Missy Elliot , G-Dep and Craig Mack -RRB- and I Really Want To Show You -LRB- feat Nas , K-Ci and Jo-Jo -RRB- are lethally dull . Rap Phenomenon feat Redman and Method Man rehashes the same beat from Tracy Lee 's Keep Your Hands High -LRB- also feat the same verse from Biggie -RRB- but the track actually works and is one of the better songs on the album . Come On feat Sadat X is a classic joint by itself Nuff said ! If I Should Die Before I Wake -LRB- feat Ice Cube , Beanie Sigel and Black Rob -RRB- is tight also . Biggie feat Junior Mafia is a painfully bad and tracks like Big Booty Hoes -LRB- feat Too Short -RRB- , Would You Die For Me -LRB- feat ludicrous performance by Lil Kim and Puffy -RRB- and Can I Get Witcha -LRB- feat Lil Cease -RRB- are only good for cheap laughs and nothing else . Dishonorable mentions
 Biggie was a great rapper , but these tracks are not his work . They are just pieces of his lyrics put over totally new tracks , and its obvious . This is more like a bad compilation album . It is clearly a poor attempt to save a dying company . Puffy has exploited Biggie in his death and this album is exactly that . It 's just a bunch of brand-name artists stuck in with pieces of Biggie that were never meant to be released . Thumbs up to Jay-Z for refusing to take part in this project . RIP B.I.G. and 2Pac .
 With all due respect this biggie album -LRB- an exception -RRB- was ruined by puff daddy once again , now puffy if you ruin your album that 's somthin ' but if you ruin an album for biggie and he is not even alive to defend himself that 's a crime . It is sad what puffy did to the album especially with the guest appearances .
 I do n't think people are even talking about this album anymore because it was such an injustice to Biggie 's legacy . Instead of a third Biggie effort or even a tribute to Biggie , Born Again is a overhyped and inconsistent album thrown together by Puff and company just to make some quick bucks.But first , the good news . The updated `` Come On '' featuring Sadat X has a better beat and Sadat 's rhymes are better than on the original . And even though Biggie did n't really rhyme with Beanie Sigel , Black Rob and Ice Cube on `` If I Should Die Before I Wake '' , the beat is so murderous and the dudes rhyme so well that you start to wonder what if they really did record together.Then , there are the halfway decent songs like `` Notorious B.I.G. '' -LRB- what a clever title , huh ? -RRB- . It is here where Jadakiss got the hook from for The Lox 's `` All For the Love '' . And though `` Dead Wrong '' has some dope lyrics -LRB- they had to cut out the part where he said , `` I 'm wrong/Jehovah said I 'm barred from the pearly gates/F __ it , I did n't wan na go to heaven anyway '' -RRB- and Eminem rips it as well , they used the same played-out beat used in Rakim 's `` Mahogany '' . But the album has so many shortcomings that it 's sickening . There are some rappers that you know Biggie would n't have rapped with like Missy -LRB- `` Let Me Get Down '' -RRB- , and the Hot Boys on the album 's lowest point , `` Hope You N 's Sleep '' . Mannie Fresh 's beat mixed with Biggie 's unpolished rhymes is worse than having Biggie 's vocals over Juvenile 's `` Ha '' beat from his bootleg album , Reborn . And Mark Curry 's verse saves `` Dangerous MC 's '' . Moreover , the song titles are repetitive and uncreative -LRB- `` Notorious B.I.G. '' , `` Biggie '' -RRB- . It gets worse . The masterminds must have run out of Biggie 's lyrics to use , so they run and dig into some of his lyrics from songs that EVERYONE has heard before . The chorus to `` Biggie '' is from the Heavy D/2Pac/Untouchables collabo `` Let 's Get It On '' ; `` Big Booty Hoes '' jacks Luke and Biggie 's `` Bust a Nut '' ; and `` Tonight '' and `` I Really Wan na Show You '' uses verses from `` Long Kiss Goodnight '' and `` Everyday Struggle '' , respectively . Who are these people trying to fool ? Even DJ Premier makes a misstep here . Though his beat to `` Rap Phenomenon '' is dope , and Redman 's line , `` I 'm concurrent in your hood like a teenage mom , '' is hilarious , BIG 's verses are taken from Tracey Lee 's `` Keep Your Hands High '' . And BIG 's outtakes on `` Can I Get Witcha '' are called outtakes for a reason . They were lazy freestyles that should have been left in the archives . But the worst moments are putting on the shortened version of the ancient song `` Who Shot Ya '' , and in `` I Really Wan na Show You '' , K-Ci 's singing/yelling is HORRIBLE . To further -LSB- degrade -RSB- the album 's quality , Biggie 's moms complains in the outro how hip-hop killed Biggie . That is mad debatable.Why dig through those songs when it would be just easier to Puff and them to admit that they do n't have enough Biggie lyrics to make an album ? Then they could have shelved this whole project . Forgive them , B.I.G. , for messing up your third album .
 I agree with the editorial review . This album was ruined by the plethora of guests . It sounds more like a compilation than a Biggie album . If Big was solo on this cd it would probably be a classic .
 Biggie would never put out garbage like this , and I do n't even like him that much , but come on ... Half these songs do n't match , the guest appearances are terrible , this album is a disgrace to Biggie and his mom and anyone who buys this will be let down
 Thanks Puffy for screwing up another album . You know this could have been a great album but thanks to puffy release of Notorious with him and Kim rapping mostly to something Biggi dropped in 95 you obviously see Puffy wants to be the one to shine not Biggi . Come on fans buy this album so Puffy could show off more `` Ice '' and push his $ 200,000 car with jennifer Lopez . Support this idiot .
 I would like to say that this album is incredible , but I ca n't . This album was a BIG waste of time and production . Puffy took sampling too far on this album . Only three songs I liked , `` Dead Wrong '' , `` Dangerous MC 's '' , and `` Rap Phenomenom '' . Puff CAN NOT rap , Kim is too full of herself , and that `` Notorious '' is so wack , AND the remix . This album would make BIG turn over in his grave . Peace to the Wu-Tang Clan -LRB- The ILLEST MC 's of all time ! -RRB- , and the Bronx . -LRB- I 'm so disgusted ! -RRB-
 first of all im not gon na say that bigs cd is whack he has a couple of hot songs on i just fell that puffy needs to stop tryin to act like he is some hard gangsta because he is soooooo commercial its not even funny . what he needs to do is stop tryin to make money off of someone who is not here to have any say what goes into the album because if biggy was alive today this album would be completely different . all his rhymes are tight but the beats are whack it sound like he just took anything and threw it in there and but bigs rhyming on top of it . i mean look at puffys albums . he has mad peoplez on his too cause he knows that nobody gon na feel him if he by himself cause he is played out . but anyway i think the album could have been alot better so im just gon na stick with the first and second one and listen to the third one occasionally oh and another thing jennifer lopez is mad fly and everything and has a nice body but im sorry to say that girlfriend CANT sing to save her life in her song '' if you had my love '' she sounds like she is whining through the whole song i dunno what she had to do to get a record deal but she needs to stick with actin all she has is her body and when she looses that she aint gon na be shit
 OK , so i 'm a big 2Pac fan , but i have NUTHIN at all against Biggie . I 've never been a real fan of him and have n't really heard much of his stuff . But , i have heard enough to know that he was a great rapper , much better than this CD ` makes him out ' to be . The songs are so unmoving ! I ca n't see how a commercial , hardcore , whatever kind of rap fan , could see much in this album . Just look at both the number of people featured on the album -LRB- despite who they are -RRB- and who executive producer is and you can guess what i mean . -LRB- No offence to Puffy , i know how much Biggie meant to him -RRB- . I find it hard to understand though how , like them or not , some of the best rappers today are featured , including Jay-Z , Meth , Red , Nas and Eminem , and still the songs are so weak ! -LRB- I know that people will disagree -RRB- . If Biggie woz around today i know that this would have been MUCH better . I 'd of given this album one star but i know how great Biggie was , and no matter how good or bad this is as he was n't around to produce it . Nuthin under his name deserves a one star rating ! However , the outro featuring Biggie 's mom is really moving . It says it all about the REAL Christopher Wallace.Bottom line , this is n't Biggie , face it , itz a completely different style . If you luv Biggie 's stuff i do n't think you 'll feel the same way about this . R.I.P Biggie . We know what a great MC you really were . * Peace * .
 one of hip-hops greatest by . Puff let the man R.I.P. . You had to go and mess something good up . This album has a couple of aight tracks on it . But I feel some of the people on the album would have never even appeared on the same stage as biggy if he were alive . So will somebody please tell me why they are on his post-deaf album . I did n't buy the album because he was dead but I bought it because I am a fan . this album is a disgrace to a legacy . Puff I hope you are at his grave aplogizing for insulting on of hip-hops finnest . this joint should have never been droped . and if I had a chance to get my money back I would . quess i will have to listen to some of his old albums till I get this one out of my mine because it pisses me off to listen to it.p.s . yo puff tell jennifer to come get up with a real man . ha hastay up yall one
 The only good album he came out with was ready to diein my opinion , all of his other albums sucked he never really talked about what was real in the streets.I 'm sorry to say , but in my opinion 2pac was a way better rapper than B.I.G was , because 2pac was like a inspirational type of rapper he made songs about keeping your head up , and pray for better days , he spoke about being man about your buisness , and do n't take no crap from nobody that 's why he was so up front about what he said.now people has thiere own opinion about who was the better lyricist , and that 's them , but 2pac was the best.R.I.P 2pac forever !!!!!!!
 this cd sucks , along with puffdaddy , puffy and badboy . The eastside has only 3 ok rapers jayz nas and dmx check there cd 's out , otherwise forgot notiourus b.i.g. he 's just like ja rule a fake , trying to inmate tupac . He wants to be a thug but he ca n't be one.A real cd is Tupac shakur REPPIN WESTSIDE BABY !
 I can not believe that the majority of listeners are giving this album strong reviews . Before you freak out -- wait . Biggie was -LRB- maybe -RRB- the greatest off all-time , but unfortunately this album does not stand up to his legacy . With a couple of exceptions , the beats on this disc are straight WACK , and though Biggie 's lyrics are always on point , the ones on this album are not even close to his other two . To the reviewer who said this is the first Biggie CD you ever bought -- you need to check yourself . You should n't be reviewing Big Poppa unless you are first schooled to the genius of his first two albums . This album stands as the biggest disappointment of the year to me .
 This album was supposed to prove why Biggie was one of the greatest rappers of all time , instead puff filled the album with too much guests from Ice Cube to Eminem , in a word it was full of commercial s ** t . They said that this album is Biggie 's last album and it is really sad that his album will be that bad . If Biggie was alive he would n't release an album like that .
 this album should have been calledW.A.O.A.T . - worst album of all timebiggie is one of the greatest but this album is one of the worst.there is only 4 good songsDEAD WRONGTHE NOTORIOUS B.I.G.WHO SHOT YAWOULD YOU DIE FOR MEall the rest are horrible . its all guest appearences by the worst rappers in the game.and the beats are just garbage it dosent even go with his flow on any of the songs except the 4 good songs i named.PUFFY you are the WORST producer there is !!!!!!! if yall want a good bigge cd go get ready to die or life after death.DO NOT !!!! buy this albumthe only good thing about it is that it came with a poster
 This is garbage . Worst after death album ever . First of all it is n't even a solo CD . There are like 30 rappers on here . Biggie does n't even rap on some songs . Dead Wrong is disresspectful . `` I 'm shooting babies , no ifs ands or maybes . '' This guy went way too far this time.Man get that Better Dayz CD by 2Pac instead of this .
 What would compel someone like Puff Daddy to release a CD like this under the name of Notorious BIG ? Biggie did n't even know half the artists that Combs put on this record . This is n't a Notorious BIG record , it 's a Puff Daddyish -- remix everything , guest star half the world , disgrace the name of a true artist -- cash crop for the masses . Biggie would never release this !
 Puff daddy simply put too much commercial stuff in this album . If Biggie was alive , he would never put an album like that . An album like this one is supposed to be showing why is Biggie the greatest rapper of all time as people say , but instead he made a soundtrack out of this album .
 Honestly , anyone who gives this album a positive review has no appreciation for the wit and skill that made Biggie 's previous LPs landmark efforts . Hastily cut 'n pasted together in order to harvest a few more bucks from Wallace 's freshly-buried corpse , this CD is a disgrace . What we get are basically `` outtake '' verses that should have been left on the studio floor , pasted over -LRB- mostly -RRB- medicore production and surrounded by `` featured guests . '' I would suggest downloading the best tracks -LRB- `` Rap Phenomenon , '' `` Dead Wrong '' -RRB- from your favorite file-sharing network and saving your hard-earned dough for a real hip-hop record . And if you 're really fiending for more Biggie , track down some of his 12 `` s , which have hilarious b-sides . This bull **** record is strictly for the suckers who buy sweatshop-manufactured Sean John warm-ups at $ 250 a pop .
 I do n't know why bad boy did n't just tell us they had a biggie tribute Cd and that biggie was featured on the CD . His Big -LRB- forgive me -RRB- picture on the cover had me feeling that we were getting to hear another biggie masterpiece like life after death.Well the only reason it gets 2 stars instead one are some great beats made Ok by not so Ok rappers.As if BadBoy did n't get enough dough from I 'll be missing you and promotion of The LOX from we 'll always love Big poppa.they shoulda borrowed these beats to another artist or borrow some ideas from those doing tupac 's post-humous releases .
 Sadly , Chris Wallace was killed in a hail of gunfire . Releasing a half @ $ $ ed album that tarnishes his reputation is not going to bring him back , and only compounds the tragedy.Frankly , this album is full of half made tracks that never should have been heard -LRB- with a few exceptions . -RRB- And if you ever want to see an opportunist , look at Puffy . He used his `` friend 's '' death as a spring board to his own superstardom . This is the quintessential sell out in action . Biggie 's body was n't cold before he released several `` tributes '' which give people the wrong impression of Biggie.One bright spot on this bleak album is `` Dead Wrong . '' That song is a pretty good intense song.The most tasteless track is `` Who Shot Ya . '' Do we really need a new Tupac diss AFTER hes already died ? Why did Puffy decide to propell this rivalry after it had cost both Tupac 's and Biggie 's death ? Money.Buy `` Ready to Die , '' or `` Life After Death '' instead.I 'd say `` RIP Chris Wallace '' here , but after this disgrace , I do n't see how thats possible .
 This was such a over hyped album because it was all the unheard Biggie songs plus loads of new beats and Featuring todays cream of the crop artist ` s. Being a massive 2pac fan I really think Biggie is one of the best rappers ever like 2pac , but I dont like Puff Daddy because of his huge ego and small music brain . He does ` nt play any instruments he ca n`t dance or Rap but he is very good at management . He took Biggie ` s hardcore beats and replaced them with poor poppy comercial beats making the album very intensivly boring and leaving a sour taste in the mouth . Dead Wrong was the best song on the album because PD did not Rap in it at all . Biggie lives on Puff Daddy ruins the Fans dream ...
 You see what I think of this is a piece of `` JUNK ! '' First of all I thought his last record was supposed to be `` Still ALive '' sure I was a big fan of that one and by Sean `` Puffy '' Combs 's SAMPLED records they might not make it the year 2002 , one other thing . Where did they get B.I.G. 's lyrics from ? Anyway is n't the Hot-Boys in the hip-hop business that time ? And is Eminem a breaking new artist from Mtv ? This is getting me stupped ! I can tel you not to buy this dumb C-D . Its probably sampled . Just like Puff Daddy 's First album .
 puffy trying to cash in quick unloads this mess.the genius of B.I.G is smeared a bit by this unwanted material.it sounds dated and out of place with some of the duets.not on par with what the man was trying to do in the long run .
 First of all , let me say that this CD is for die hards only . I had love for BIG -LRB- and still do -RRB- , and it saddens me to give this CD a bad review , because the late Christopher Wallace was one of the tightest MC 's I have heard in a long time . But sadly , this CD does no justice for the fallen soldier . If BIG did not have that much material left behind when he died , then they should n't have tried to make an album with so little material . It would have been different if he was like 2PAC with a huge amount of material left , but he did n't . So unfortunately , the producers were left with little material to work with . The songs are dissappointing , and at most , BIG spits about 16 bars on each song , and is a guest on his own album . And most of the rappers on here did n't have any connection with BIG in his lifetime anyway.Sadly , this album does no justice for our fallen soldier . I give the producers props for trying to bring us more of his music , but the effort falls short . Like Nas said , `` Let the late great veteran live ! '' Pick up his first 2 albums and you will not be dissappointed . RIP BIG
 biggie was not a rappers but a puppet of commercial prodocers like puff daddy is lyrycs mean nothing.listen tupac
 Puffy knew biggie was the illest of all time , and so do we all . Why did he have to put that out ? JUST FOR THE $ !! I gave it two stars because you can feel some of those skills from the two others ... but everything else sounds off . What the hell is emenem doing on this ? And those other fools !?! I respect puffy wanting to add to the album , but he messed up . He should have released the original versions , that would be hot !
 I have to say that the only good track was `` Dead Wrong '' . It has some the greatest lyrics ever , bar none . Eminem lights up the mic . It 's just a shame that Biggie is gone , 'cause Em and Biggie would have definitely compiled masterpieces . The rest of the album was lackluster .
 Do n't buy it . Its trash . Believe me . Not one good song on the CD . You 'll kick your own a ## for even spending the 15 dollars or whatever it costs to buy this CD . So lets just say he was almost born but not quite . Just dont buy it .
 First of all , albums 1 and 2 were the bomb . Since biggie tragically past away in March of 1997 I think we should remember him the way he left out . This new album has lyrics that he did between 1993-1996 . Most of the stuff he is talking about on the new album was n't what he was about on his second album . For instance in one song he talks about pushing an Acura , Biggie was rolling in Bentley 's , and Hummers before his death ! Let 's not reverse his status . I spoke to Marvin Gayes widow about this album and she said that Puffy should not have released it . Puffy 's entire kingdom is falling down . As the saying goes , If you live by the gun , you 'll die by the gun ! We as a Hip-hop family need to pray for Badboy right now because they definitely are NOT what they used to be and BORN AGAIN WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY !
 This cd would be better if BIG was still living because he would n't let Puffy put this out , at least not with his name on it . There 's too many featured guests , Eminem was n't even out before Biggie was killed . Biggie made Bad Boy and without him they 're nothing . Buy this only if you want to collect all of Biggie 's cds . That 's all it 's good for .
 This album would 've been better if Biggie is alive and if Puffy did n't messed it up . The new Pac album `` STILL I RISE '' is way better than this one . Go get the new Pac instead of this . Do n't waste your money on this album .
 In theory , this would actually be a good album ; compiling unreleased material form the man , myth and legend himself , the Notorious B.I.G. . But the majority of it is just rehashes of previously relased stuff , though Rap Phenomenom is a tight song . There are some good spots though ; putting Who Shot Ya ? , the B-side of the `` Big Poppa '' single on the album was a GREAT move . But if this is really supposed to be rare B.I.G stuff , where 's `` Party And Bulls ** t '' , his first hit that was on the Who 's The Man Soundtrack ?
 I 'M NOT HATING ON BIG , BUT CA N'T NOBODY SAY HIS ALBUM IS BETTER THAN PAC 'S ALBUM . I 'M NOT SAYING ITS COMPLETELY WACK , BUT ITS LIKE HE IS A GUESS ON HIS OWN ALBUM . `` DEAD WRONG '' IS ONE SONG HE WHOLES IT DOWN ON HIS OWN . `` NOTORIOUS '' IS NICE TO BUT LIKE ALWAYS PUFFY IS WACK ON HIS VERSE . PUFFY PUT WAY TO MANY PEOPLE ON THE ALBUM . I HOPE HE DO N'T PUT OUT ANY MORE BIG ALBUMS . SO WHEN U PICK THAT BIG UP DO N'T LOOK 4 A BIG ONLY ALBUM ITS A COMPILATION ALBUM . AND 4 DA PERSON WHO IS TALKING ABOUT JAY Z , DMX , AND BIG KILLING PAC ON DA BILLBOARDS , ITS ONLY BECAUSE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ALREADY GOT THOSE SONGS FROM DA BOOTLEGGERS . IF THOSE SONG WAS NOT RELEASE ON BOOTLEGS PAC 'S ALBUM WOULD HAVE SOLD SO MANY UNITS . SO SUPPORT BIGS AND PAC ALBUMS . PEACE OUT AND ONE LUV ...
 Biggie is one of the greatest east coast rappers to ever come out and his 2 previous albums , Ready to Die and Life After Death , were just 2 timeless classics that will never be forgotten . However , when Born Again came out , it was a whole different story.This album is truly one of the worst rap albums ever put out and it 's not Biggie 's fault , as many have quoted , but because Poof Diddy was selfish and just wanted to make more money off Biggie . I 'm going to keep this short and simple
 What would compel someone like Puff Daddy to release a CD like this under the name of Notorious BIG ? Biggie did n't even know half the artists that Combs put on this record . This is n't a Notorious BIG record , it 's a Puff Daddyish -- remix everything , guest star half the world , disgrace the name of a true artist -- cash crop for the masses . Biggie would never release this !
 I 'm a fan of Big but most of this album is shi@t . Puff is always gon na milk off Big because he has no talent except for marketing . To be fair though . . has n't Suge survived off Pac 's catalogue ? Anyhow I think Big outshines every guest . . although some are interesting -LRB- em , snoop , cube -RRB- . I 'm waiting for the album where Big and Pac get down on the mic together from the grave . There must be something left in the vaults !?!
 I would have given this cd a 0 but 1 is the lowest ... everybody knows that TUPAC AMARU SHAKUR -LRB- R.I.P. -RRB- was and will forever be the greatest rapper of all time ... TUPAC made biggie . . he brought him into the life of thug life . . then biggie went his own way and rapped about tupac 's life ... there is no comparison between the two ... tupac is far more supreior . he 's released more albums , he was a better role model , he worked harder , as a rapper and an individual tupac stands soley alone and there is nobody in the rap game that can compare to TUPAC SHAKUR ... the greatest rapper of all time . . dont ' buy this cd its not worth your money ... puff daddy sings in it . . that alone should scare your money away . .
 IT WAS WACK AND IT DIDNT HAVE ENOUGH TIGHT LYRICS AND IT HAD TO MANY PEOPLE ON THE CD .
 this cd aint all that if you a tru biggie fan then you go ahead and do your thing and you buy your cd . but if you int then i suggest you go buy that ish used from Wherehouse music . Ya feel me ? the best song on there are dead wrond and whould you die for me and those get pretty boring and played out after a while if you play them enuff .
 This was clearly another attempt by Puffyto make more money off Notorious . Thealbum is poorly put together . BIG 's verseswere cut and pasted to each cut . Puffy/Kim , nither of which should be rappin , are all overthe place . BIG was one of the best rappers , but he was surrouded by probably the weakestcrew of all the greats -LRB- pac , face , nas , rakim , kane , pmd , etc. -RRB- . Thats why he never reached hisfull lyrical potential as a mc .
 Deborah Harry phones in these performances . In each case , they lack the drive and raw energy that characterize her studio releases . It 's pretty sad when a live performance has LESS vitality than a canned one . But that 's the case here . She sounds as though she 's on sedatives . `` Maria '' was particularly dreary and lifeless , especially when compared with the `` dead '' version .
 i can not believe this cd is getting good reviews . she sounds awful people ! and she looks even worse . why do you think she 's wearing shades nearly all the way through her concert video ? looking at her you see the results of years of overindulgence .
 It would be zero if 1 star was not the least of the choices . Rehashed bad ideas now - i.e. , stalkers , obsessions i.e. , calling and not calling . And , the so called ` new stuff ' is comparable to nonsense syllables except for one pop tune . Not of substance . Gurgle , gurgle ------
 The product was disappointment . I expected more . I requested the clean version , but received one with profanity . The selections were not as hot as his earlier albums . It did n't measure up to the hype . It was a waste of money .
 Has the Abstact Poetic gone mainstream ? Will we ever hear anything that even compares to Tribe from this guy ? Judging from the videos and songs I 've seen/heard from `` Amplified , '' Q-Tip is just another hip-hop poser now . Sad , but true ... let me know what you think .
 This CD is definately not worth what I paid for it . It lacks excitement and is extremely repeditive . All the songs are the same .
 Q-tip WAS one of my favorite emcees . Tribe WAS one of my favorite groups . But his departure from his own unique and original style is just now pathetic . In my mind , he has turned into Puff Daddy . And for those of you who like Puff Daddy , you need to enlighten yourselves in REAL Hip-Hop . Listen to people like KRS-One , The Pharcyde , Hieroglyphics , De La Soul , Common , Digable Planets , and many others . Q-tip is nothing more than a sell-out ! It is hard to even listen to him on Tribe albums . Do yourself the favor and do n't buy this . Invest your money in artists who respect Hip-Hop for its truest values , not to those who are only concerned with making money . The Roots told us to `` never do what they do '' . `` They '' in this case is Q-tip . RIP to the `` Abstract Poetic '' .
 The legacy that A Tribe Called Quest left was a positive one which I appreciate greatly . Their beats were unique and their lyrics were meaningful . Once Q-Tip went solo , I expected him to continue along his path of rightousness . He even changed his name to Kaamal Fareed in a committment to his new faith . Instead it appears that he has been seduced by fast money and faster females . This cd is for people who are attracted by superficial things not spiritual essence . The beats are simple and lyrics are garbage . The last thing Americans , especially black children , need to see is another money-hungry entertainer grinding on mindless sex-objects . I 'm sure De La Soul will not go this route when they release their album . Buy Aceyalone 's album , `` Book of Human Language '' instead !
 qtip was tight with atcq and when an artist goes solo you expect something different not just the same old assemble line music that we are getting ? i 've heard q-tip give better duet raps than what 's on here.he has skills.it 's catchy willie style music but with little substance.and q is better than that .
 Before I begin this review , I would just like to say that you will not find too many other A Tribe Called Quest fans than me . From `` Peoples Instinctive Travels ... '' to `` The Love Movement '' , I was and still am a `` Quest '' fan . `` The Low End Theory '' is in the top 5 of all time for greatest rap records . From `` Bonita Applebum '' to `` If The Papes Come '' to `` Check The Rhime '' to `` Electric Relaxation '' to even the heavily slept on `` Stressed Out '' , I have been a supporter of the `` Tribe '' . But I have to sincerely ask Q-Tip what is this ? You are the `` abstract poetic '' . You are the leader of a legendary rap group . You wanted to go solo and even though die hard `` Tribe '' did n't want that to happen we were still prepared to support you . I bought this album the first day it came out and I listened to it twice . This album should n't have even be made . Q-Tip should have rode the success of `` Vivrant Thang '' and still made an album that `` Tribe '' fans wanted to here . There are like 10 Vivrant Thang songs on the album . On `` Quest '' albums `` The Abstract Poetic '' laced us with one or two songs about women and they were done with respect and taste . Now he wants to degrade them by showing them off in his videos . You might as well have called `` Breathe And Stop '' , `` Vivrant Thang Part 2 '' , because thats all it is . I understand that the `` Tribe '' has disbanded and I can live with that . But Q-Tip you have to make yourself look better than this . Even on the `` Hot Boys -LRB- Remix -RRB- w / Missy , Nas , Eve and Lil ' Mo. . After a refreshing song Q-Tip comes in with , Mami what the deal yo ! , Ai n't no heat hotter than a heat a brother hold . -LRB- Q-Tip what is that ? -RRB- If you ever decide to make another album , please reconsider the concept . I admit `` Vivrant Thang '' was a tight song . But you should n't let one song decide the theme of your album . I sincerely wish you better luck on your next album , but when it comes to reviews you have to call it like you see it .
 When the cd case arrived it was scratched and broken . Luckily the CD itself was fine . Perhaps the shipper could be more careful ?
 I cant believe I bought this garbage . Its already been said so I wont waste bandwith but damn , WHAT HAPPENED TIP ?
 First off this is my second review of this album ... . my first review murdered this album . I got a chance to open my mind to another side of Hip Hop ... . I started to check out some underground rap and I have become a big fan . I am now big fans of Little Brother , Mos Def , Talib Kweli , Common , the roots , and much more ... After listening to a different side of Hip Hop I decided to go back and listen to this album again . Not as good as ATCQ 's albums but it is a lot better than I gave it credit for before.This album has a funky , jazzy feel to it which I found good to listen to when I was in a laid back mood.Stanout tracks for me were Vinrant Thing , Breathe and Stop , Wait Up , Lets Ride and Things You Do ... . not feeling the calbo with Korn ... . never was and I still dont.I recommend that A Tribe Called Quest fans check this out and be your own judge ... . you wont be blown away and some might be disappointed .3 STARS !!!! -LRB- I changed my review and It wouldnt let me change the # of stars -RRB-
 this cd was ok . it had all of his best songs but the other songs were n't as close as good . all in all this was a good but not great cd .
 Garbage . Good for all of the little caucasian college kids . Bad for those down with the tribe from '' ... black is black ... '' days -LRB- If you do n't know where that reference is from , you probably like this cd -RRB- .
 this whole cd blows . for qtip its money over fans . the only good song is the track with KoRn . i would of gave it more stars but its only one good track and it could have been better if qtip was a better rapper .
 I was very disappointed in Amplified album since i 'm A Tribe Called Quest fan . QTip tried to go commercial and pop on this album and i think he let a lot of his fans down . Only songs i liked on the album is Higher , Breathe And Stop , Vivrant Thing -LRB- this was already on the Violator compilation so it should n't have been on Amplified album -RRB- . End Of Time song with rock group Korn would 've been better if Korn was n't on the song . I liked the beat and the lyrics on End Of Time but QTip should 've rapped more on the song and left Korn off the song . I also like the bonus hidden track Do It , Be It , See It . I 'm so glad his 2nd solo unreleased album Kamaal The Abstract never came out because from the reviews i read about it , i read that he sang on all of the 9 songs on the album LOL . What 's the deal with rappers singing now ? LOL . QTip is a homo . He was wearing house slippers in Breathe And Stop video hahahahahahahahahaha .
 Just look at what other artists people who buy this album often buy . That shows what Q-Tip has become . Q-Tip once said `` I am recognizing that the voice inside my head is urging me to be myself and never follow someone else ... , '' -LRB- Steve Biko ` Midnight Marauders ' -RRB- but Q-Tip is not himself . For the last ten years or so he has been producing music totally dissimilar to this album , and I 'm still trying to figure out where he went wrong . I wish he had n't released this album so that `` While other MCs say nothing and talk loud , if you 're with the Tribe chest out and be proud '' -LRB- Money Maker ` The Love Movement ' -RRB- . I 'm not proud anymore .
 I am so disappointed in Q-Tip 's new CD . I LOVED ATCQ and how different they were from other mainstream hip-hop groups because of their powerful and uplifting messages and lyrics . But Q-TIP 's new CD is so misogynistic ! The lyrics are so disrespectful to women it is unbelievable ! I mean he is talking about ` hitting the bush ' and ` let your p -- y drip down on the dance floor ' ! Where did all of that ` hate ' come from ! And the profanity is out of control ! He uses the ` F ' word so much , I felt like I was being cursed out ! I mean this was the brotha who used to rap about being a ' 100 % INTELLIGENT BLACK CHILD ... ' I feel so hurt and betrayed by his commercialism ! He is no different than anybody else as far as his lyrics are concerned . The ONLY positive things that I can say about this CD are that the beats to the cuts are slammin ' and of course VIVRANT THING ca n't be touched . But I 'm going to try to take my copy of this CD back to the store and pick up the TCQ anthology instead ...
 Throughout my whole life my name has been synonymous with Q-Tip . No one will understand how much Q-Tip , Phife , Ali have musically inspired me , and enlightened me on aspects of life . But I have to say Q-tip has changed . I am going to be even brutal and speculate he is making music JUST for the money now , and trying to produce the next new `` party '' song . His lyrics are now strongly directed to `` sex '' and toward the `` stereo typical '' black community , which is fine for his new fans , but do n't buy to this album if you 're a true quester .
 Beside `` vivrant thing '' theres nothing outstanding about this album . Q-Tip might not have the response about this album but , that what happends when bad album are made . This is not a total disaster at some points in the album he actually shows some of his talent that made him a elite MC when he was with A Tribe Called Quest . Overall if you like The Tribe you 'll probablly find a way to like this , but do n't expect to much .
 I remember back in my high scool and early college days when the great triumvarate of Tribe albulms came out . However their last 2 album were just terrible . Other than `` Get a Hold '' none of them capture that old Tribe essence . I 'm all for progressing and moving forward as an artist . I understand that it is necessary but Tip has gotten less creative . The rampant commercialism of his new image and this album sickens me . I remember that when Tip first converted to Al-Islam he said that A. -RRB- He would no longer curse in his rhymes and B. -RRB- That he was going to be celibate . Well although he is tame by todays standards he still curses and while I do n't know If he has sworn off sex he definately portrays it to the nth degree in his videos . I 'm not complaining that dark honey with the blue eye shadow in Breath and Stop is a dime fo real , but this makes him somewhat of a hypocrite . He has so much more talent and Is taken the easiest commercial way to album sales . Mos Def has shown us that the Native Tongues can produce a quality album and still have a measure of financial success . The truth about this album is that it has weak rhymes and beats . The beats are so repetative and monotonous that even at 47 minutes is seems very long . I hope Tip 's next release is a vast improvement .
 As a loyal Tribe fan , I was not pleased with Tip 's first attempt at his own sound . It seemed that in his zeal for greatness he forgot what got him to this point . Tip compromises intelligent beats and thoughtful lyrics in order to go main stream and receive an abundance of radio play . Prior to this release , Q-Tip was my favorite emcee , but his latest album crushed all of my expectations and led me to the conclusion that Tip will never again reach a level of hip-hop like that in `` The Low End Theory '' , or `` Peoples ' Instinctive Travels and Paths of Rhythm '' . I would have to say that Q-Tip has ended his dynasty as a leading underground hip-hop artist for the lights and glamour of television . I was reassured of my feelings when the better half of `` A Tribe Called Quest '' , Phife Dogg , released his solo album which surpassed my expectations while remaining underground . `` Amplified '' might be abundant in popular sound , but as a hip-hop record , it falls short of the mark .
 This album is a long journey to find the old Q-Tip , the Abstract . After listening to this cd for a couple of times I could only find two tracks that pleased the music lover in me . I think it is very sad and dissapointing to hear this album , after listening to the Tribe Called Quest for a period of years . I know we all like to show off our jewlery and the money stash , but to go from true hip hop to Crystal drinking and trying to be The artist formerly known as Prince , is just too much and very , very sad . Peace out to all the real cats out there Common , De La Soul , Mos Def and others that understand the essence of hip hop and it 's meaning .
 unfortunately he no longer exists , a once brilliant voice in hip-hop known as Q -- Tip or the Abstract Poetic has become the Mainstream Poetic , this man who used to be about the music or the message now just wants money so he made his cd mainstream so that he could get in the lime light . what happened Tip ? You was my idol ! but not anymore , so long Abstract hello Mainstream
 Oh no , Q-Tip ... what have you done ? This album is sure to crash and burn . Apart from ` Breathe and Stop ' and ` Do It ' this album is n't much at all ... whats up with ` Vivrant Thing ' ? Try harder next time .
 I bought this cd on the strength of the singles ` Breathe & Stop ' & ` Vivrant Thing ' which was a big mistake , ` cos i was very dissappointed with this cd ! Do n't get me wrong , the previously mentioned singles are awesome as you probably know , but the rest of the cd is very weak , which i ca n't see producing another single . So do n't make the same mistake as i did by buying the album on the evidence of his two singles - or you too will regret it !
 WORSE THAN LIL ' WAYNE ... THAT 'S WHAT I 'M GOIN WITH HERE . There is nothing worse than watching a legendary MC fall on his face , and `` Amplified '' gives you the chance 13 times over . If you are a Tribe fan , save and wait for Phife - he 's still keeping it real . If you are n't a Tribe fan , do n't waste your time with this s ** ty excuse for hip-hop ; Q-Tip sold out his fans with this one , and he sold out hip-hop in general . Chalk up another victory for playa rap - another underground poet with a conscience bites the dust . RIP Tip ... we miss ya .
 Amplified to me was a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- ! Q-tip you go from the Abstract poetic to the Jacka $ $ poetic ! WAT HAPPENED ! There was a q-tip 10 years ago that would neva think of goin mainstream . His rhymes came straight from the heart and neva did wat the the others were doin . Thats wat made him a special MC . This new Q-tip is confused . Maybe its because of the break-up . Maybe its beacuse he went bankrupt and needed money . Or maybe he got hit in the head cant remember a damn thing from the past . I dont know but im sittin here listening to LOW END THEORY and wonderin wat happened . I give props to phife though but he is a little confused to . But i still love you q-tip and still will support you but on the next album think do it for the questers not the non questers . Q-tip i have faith in you and i hope the abstract poetic will be back hell i hope the tribe will come back together ! But make me happy and everyonelse happy and bring back the old abstract in ya next album !
 What happened to one of the greatest rappers ever?This album is missing everything that was great about Q-Tip . I found it musically and lyrically lame , flat and tired.Very dissapointed.I was not expecting ATCQ , I was hoping for great new things.It did n't happen ... This album is worse than ATCQ ` The Love Movement '
 There is no listed information on this album , which makes me think its a cheap Euro bookleg copy , or live concert . I hate the lack of attention to detail that we are presented with here , as though jazz fans buy without getting information on current releases . . jb
 As our friend from New Zealand says above , this is not the Russ Freeman you think . I had no idea two musicians could have the same name any more than two actors or bands could have the same name . Imagine if you bought a CD from a band called `` The Beatles '' only to find out it was a grunge band from 1990 . Lesson learned ? Read reviews before you buy .
 BEWARE!This is not actually a CD . As a result of the copy protection on this CD , it is technically no longer a CD - indeed , nowhere on the CD or packaging is the Compact Disc Digital Audio logo with which we are all familiar.As a result , this will not play on any player I own . When I put it in my computer , the CDrom makes sickly clicking noises and spins up and down constantly . The DVD side works fine -LRB- in the same drive -RRB- , but the CD portion is essentially broken.I like Fintroll as a band , but it 's hard to rate a product that is inherently broken over one star .
 this is the worst cd i 've ever heard ... id rather buy a 10 cd boxed set of various tracks containing hours and hours of nails against chalkboards ... this `` band '' is so bad they cant even use being girls as an excuse ... even KITTIE , the runners-up for worst band ever , are legendary compared to this atrocity . even the suicidal should stay clear of this beer coaster !
 After `` Live the Life '' , I was really excited to get a hold of Michael 's new album , I thought `` Live the Life '' was awesome ! Unfortunately , now that I have `` This is Your Time '' , I wish I would n't have spent my money on it . The music styles are just not consistent with the music in the last album , and if that is what you were looking for , like I was , you are in for a big disappointment . Plus , so many of the songs are about people rather than God ; when I purchase a christian cd , I want to hear lyrics about God and Jesus , not wives , daughters , etc. . Do n't get me wrong , a tribute on an album is touching , but more than one is monotonous . Out of 13 tracks , only 3 or 4 of them match the calibur of the songs in `` Live the Life '' . Just a word to the wise - those of you looking for something similar to `` Live the Life '' with great music and moving lyrics that draw you closer to God , you wo n't find them in this album !
 Michael W. Smith is a Christian artist and I feel this CD falls short in honoring God . It contains some good qualities , such as the upbeat `` Rince De ' '' and the moving `` This is your time '' , but overall it is lacking a solid message .
 I found that most songs on this CD were very sad , such as ` This is your Time ' and ` She Walks with Me ' . Some people may like that kind of stuff , but I personally do n't
 Michael W. Smith is a fantastic artist and I love the majority of his work , my favorite album being `` I 'll Lead You Home . '' The problem I have with this album is it is basically bland . I had great expectations for the title track before it was released and it 's a disappointment . The album does n't seem to have a theme . The two songs about his daughters are pretty good -- the rest ... not so good .
 I have almost of all Michael W Smith 's CDs and this is the poorest one - just as the blurb says on Amazon about this CD - `` we see few signs of the mature and seasoned songwriting '' - it is not the real Michael W Smith . It sounds very contrived , very techno and not at all peaceful or soulful like his other CDs . Many of the songs were very jarring . There were only 3 good songs the ones that Amazon discusses . That 's it . Save your money for another of his CDS - which are very good .
 I 'm on a mission to try and get every Roberto Carlos CD available in the States and Brasil . This one arrived today and I eagerly popped it into the car CD player . Sat through most of the first two songs , then listened to the rest with such disappointment - I can not tell you . Before someone throws a rock at me - I knew this was an old album and I happen to love the rock music that began to come out in the 60 's through the 80 's -LRB- I am VERY old - REALLY old . I could be your grandmother -RRB- . But the backup band with RC on this disc is so bad - or it 's the arrangements - maybe both . That organ just about put me into fits . And , RC is singing rather frenetically , does n't treat his music with the loving grace that he does now . I understand he was experimenting , trying to find his niche.One of the best things about this album is that it shows you how much he has grown as a singer and musician . His phrasing is SO much better now and he lets a song take over - he does n't try to force it and take it where it should n't go . So far I have about 20 albums , just ordered three more . This is the worst example of Roberto Carlos music I 've ever heard . The 60 's music had arrangements much better than what is on this disc , and the organ was not up front and carrying the melody , thank God!So - there we are . Someone had to do it and I have big , broad shoulders and attitude to go with it -LRB- thus my nickname -RRB- . Live with it fans - RC put out a bad disc and I 'd bet anything if he listened to it now , he 'd cover his ears . The music on this album is why he did n't repeat it and found that romantic music got him a huge audience and offered him more leeway to other genres . He 's never looked back .
 This is the exact same DVD as `` Legacy of the Beast '' so you have been warned .
 I 'm a closet Christopher Cross fan -- and was eagerly awaiting the delivery of this CD . I could n't have been more disappointed . While the instrumentals are there , Cross 's voice is long gone and he is so off key on many of the songs that it is shameful . My wife made the comment many songs sound as if they are being peformed in a Karaoke bar . We laughed aloud at many of the songs ... . Do yourself a favor and buy the studio versions intead .
 The sound is bad . It just does not sound like the songs I remember . It it either that Christopher is changing the songs tone or the recording just sucks . Do n't buy it .
 The first and last tracks are classic hard driving Jackyl songs , everything in between suffers from the lifelessness of studio recording . The exceptions being Down this Road Before which is utterly inexcusable for a band that once swore , `` no ballads '' and Sparks from Candy which I 'm sure is phenomenal when performed live.As a side note , is it just me or does Jackyl continue to sound more and more 80 's as we drift away from that decade ? And no , I 'm not one of those people that would consider that a good thing . Kill the Sunshine , reminds me a lot of Def Leppord -LRB- without the empathetic wheezing vocals -RRB- or a similar band.If your new to Jackyl I 'd recommend their first two albums . A live Jackyl show , on the other hand , is not to be missed by anyone .
 One listen was enough for me ... 40 % of the original band is missing . The songs have no melody ; and without the twin lead guitar attack this is Jackyl in name only . Notice how many used one 's there are for sale ? ` Nuff said .
 After `` Live the Life '' , I was really excited to get a hold of Michael 's new album , I thought `` Live the Life '' was awesome ! Unfortunately , now that I have `` This is Your Time '' , I wish I would n't have spent my money on it . The music styles are just not consistent with the music in the last album , and if that is what you were looking for , like I was , you are in for a big disappointment . Plus , so many of the songs are about people rather than God ; when I purchase a christian cd , I want to hear lyrics about God and Jesus , not wives , daughters , etc. . Do n't get me wrong , a tribute on an album is touching , but more than one is monotonous . Out of 13 tracks , only 3 or 4 of them match the calibur of the songs in `` Live the Life '' . Just a word to the wise - those of you looking for something similar to `` Live the Life '' with great music and moving lyrics that draw you closer to God , you wo n't find them in this album !
 Michael W. Smith is a Christian artist and I feel this CD falls short in honoring God . It contains some good qualities , such as the upbeat `` Rince De ' '' and the moving `` This is your time '' , but overall it is lacking a solid message .
 I found that most songs on this CD were very sad , such as ` This is your Time ' and ` She Walks with Me ' . Some people may like that kind of stuff , but I personally do n't
 Michael W. Smith is a fantastic artist and I love the majority of his work , my favorite album being `` I 'll Lead You Home . '' The problem I have with this album is it is basically bland . I had great expectations for the title track before it was released and it 's a disappointment . The album does n't seem to have a theme . The two songs about his daughters are pretty good -- the rest ... not so good .
 I have almost of all Michael W Smith 's CDs and this is the poorest one - just as the blurb says on Amazon about this CD - `` we see few signs of the mature and seasoned songwriting '' - it is not the real Michael W Smith . It sounds very contrived , very techno and not at all peaceful or soulful like his other CDs . Many of the songs were very jarring . There were only 3 good songs the ones that Amazon discusses . That 's it . Save your money for another of his CDS - which are very good .
 HOW NOW , DOW JONES is remembered if at all for one hit song , `` Step To The Rear , '' which tune was popularized decades ago in a television commercial for a product . The cast is n't bad - Tony Roberts and Brenda Vaccaro starred - and Elmer Bernstein made a rare non-film contribution with the music to this show . However , the packaging of this particular release is some of the worst I 've ever seen . The cover reproduces that of the original lp -LRB- which I have on hand -RRB- , but there are no liner notes , cast listings , timings , pictures , etc. . The back cover of the cd simply lists each song in order , followed by the statement `` from ` How Now , Dow Jones ' '' after each song -LRB- certainly a major ` Well , duh ! ' moment -RRB- . Inside the back cover material is simply repeated verbatim , followed by an advertisement for RCA 's Legacy release series , of which this recording is a part . It 's not that the information was n't available to the folks at RCA - I can read the lengthy notes and other information on the original lp cover - so it 's mystifying why the producers would allow this cast album to be reissued in this state . Purchase this reissue for the tunes , but you 'll need to dig up everything about HNDJ elsewhere .
 The show opened in 68 and ran for 220 performances but was not a success and lost producer David Merrick it 's entire cost . The thin story involved Kate , the stock exchange numbers announcer , not getting married after being engaged for several years . Mayhem and shenanigans ensue . Relied on many 1968 references , and had a rotten score . Remarkable , since Elmer BErnstein composed the score , Bernstein was one of the all time great film composers . His many scores for films such as To Kill A Mockingbird , The Magnificent Seven , and The Ten Commandments are legendary , and spectacular . But with the exception of the very catchy -LRB- and at the time popular -RRB- -LRB- Will Everyone Here Kindly -RRB- Step To The Rear , the rest of the score is dull , dull , dull . Despite try as hard as possible performances from young Tony Roberts and ingenue Brenda Vaccaro , it just did n't add up to very much . Trite , inane , and boring , the show did n't hold up well even by the mild 60 's musical standards.Had the misfortune of opening in the same season as Promises!Promises ! , also produced by Merrick . Both musicals dealt with romance , adultery , one night stands , and romance in 60 's NY workplaces . However Promises ! worked , had a fantastic pop score by Bacarach and David , and Merrick promoted the hell out of it , knowing he had a hit . He did not lavish the same attention on HNDJ however , and it seems let it die a slow , natural death . So similar in many ways that Tony Roberts played the male lead in the London company of Promises!Promises ! the next season.Don ' t waste your money or time with the CD .
 Yes , a B -LRB- or even C -RRB- show . And yet -- the lyrics are lyrics for an A show , hip , literate , funny . Not on the level of the Leigh/Coleman `` Little Me '' -LRB- an A show for sure -RRB- , but how can you not love a beautiful opener like `` May I present/To this old town/A Lochinvar/With his lances down '' ? Brilliant . It 's a very , very cynical show -LRB- and if you 're looking for a satiric explanation of the mess we 're in today , the book of this show is not a bad place to look -RRB- . Bernstein 's music has its moments -- `` Walk Away , '' is always mentioned as the show 's best ballad , and it is quite haunting , but on the whole it sounds like music orchestrated for 100 kazoos , and that deserved such orchestration . Worst of all are the performances
 Look folks . . this is a long dead item called the B-Show ... Subways Are For Sleeping ... Skyscraper ... Walking Happy ... I will think of more as I go on ... There was a time when B'way did n't deliver Dolly ... Mame . . La Mancha ... Cabaret ... Chorus Line ... Les Miz . . Phantom ... Lion King...techno-trash TV star remakes of Grease ... everytime at the plate ... B'way actually accomodated average shows ... OK shows ... good , except for xyz ... shows ... That ai n't the case now ... Dow Jones is not trash ... it is slick ... and totally unaudacious ... if that word exists ... and it is clear that Abbott just ordered the troops to get in line ... and deliver the mail ... . some lovely tunes . . Walk Away ... some predictable rousers ... Step to The Rear ... some good comic lyircs by C.Leigh ... some nice work by Elmer Bernstein ... -LRB- but listen to his score for The Great Escape ... so fine ... but I am the kid of a WW II vet . . and grew up on those films -RRB- ... I have seen the show done ... by Tony Randall as Tony Roberts ... it did not clarify the tale for me ... and the book is a cut and paste affair ... BUT ... we do n't have the luxury of seeing B'way just be B'way ... as it was ... for so many years ... until the 80s ... so listen to the average out-put of highly accomplished folks ... and enjoy what you can ... it ai n't awful ... it is just ... a B-show ... enjoy an arcane item ... you wo n't find it anywhere on B'way now ... just completely guaranteeed crap ... not average crap ... enjoy it . . it is gone now ... if you want to argue ... email me at
 This is probably one of the stupidist shows ever conceived . The plot - well , I wo n't even bother explaining it , its just too ridiculous . Suffice to say , it 's about the stock market ; anything else I say will create premature prejudice . The score swings wildly from very good to embarassingly bad ; the opening `` A-B-C '' , the duet `` Live a little , '' and especially the ballad `` Walk Away '' are quite strong -LRB- Walk Away is actually a great song , -RRB- and `` Step to the Rear '' is a dopey but catchy number . Brenda Vaccaro forces `` they dont make them like that '' and `` He 's here '' into fun songs . Everything else is just bad ... and not like cheesy or campy bad , just bad . Vaccaro is highly amusing , and Marlyn Mason is quite good , but Tony -LRB- i mean , Anthony -RRB- Roberts is remarkably bland and dour . All in all , this album is only worth buying if you are interested in kitschy 60 's relics that depended on brand name products and celebrity name dropping to fill in for jokes and actual plot points . Oh , and the cover art is pretty cool .
 HOW NOW DOW JONES was a flop when it played Broadway and with good reason
 I was expecting some good tribal house music - similar to Tony Moran 's Tour De Beats or like Peter Rauhofer 's Liva @ Roxy 4 ... bought it recently coz i could n't decide if the cd 's are worth it ... Well now i know they are n't ! Almost no vocals in most of the tracks , tracks are so repetetive and boring ... how can i say it ... out of words really , u wont find any good anthems on this cd 's -LRB- buy Tony Moran 's Tour De Beats instead - great mixes of deborah cox and deborah cooper -RRB- . I tried to find sth good on those 2 cd 's - i found only 2 tracks worth listening
 I have been a devoted fan of the Crue since they started . I was so excited to come across this live album and could n't wait to pop into my cd player in my truck and let it take me back to a simple and fun time . What was this ? I at first thought that maybe it was some earlier recordings back in the day . No such luck this was some recent stuff . I was so disapointed with this album I wanted to toss it out the window , then I thought that would n't be very fair either somebody might find it and think they scored then they would have to suffer . I have found the best thing to do with this album is to keep it buried in my cd collection far away from the Crues other albums . This my friends is not worthy ...
 Death surely could n't be any worse than this album . There 's a reason this two CD set is so cheap . The songs are poor , the drumming is weak -LRB- why is Tommy Lee considered such a great drummer ? -RRB- and Vince Neil 's vocals are just horrible . Neil definitely has one of the weakest `` heavy metal '' voices I 've ever heard . Do n't think I 'm completely down on Crue though ; I 've got their `` Greatest Hits '' CD , and there 's some good songs on there . But this album just does n't cut it . Buy at your own risk .
 Listening to Vince Neil 's horrific wailing is enought to make just about any glam fan puke . Its hard to believe they ever made it to the top considering how much his voice clearly sucks . The riffs and the music still kickstarts my heart but sheesh come on vince . Sound quality is poor but song selection is great . Amust have for any Crue collector who has a few extra dollars to waste .
 Estoy cansado de los discos en vivo del tipo
 Oh , how disappointing . If this is the best the Crue can do , it 's little wonder they left a live album until now . The production on this is woeful . Granted some of the stuff was recorded in the early 80s when they were first starting out , but one would expect that the material recorded later would be of better quality . Vince just ca n't cut it live . He ca n't keep up with the pace of the songs and ends up just making noises that follow the tunes . The guitar is up and down and the bass is almost non-existant . This had the potential to be huge . They have had a long career and an enormous back catalogue to choose from , as evidenced by the track selection , but poor quality has let it down . There are better Hard Rock live albums out there . Only for the die hard Crue fan . One star for a live album , finally . And one for the Track listing .
 I like this type of 1960 's teenage music every now and then . However , after a while it can become a bit monotonous but that is not my problem with this . The artists and their interpretations seem to remain close to the originals.I would rate the music as very good and I would have given this CD at least a four star but I 've paid top money for this as an out of print CD . I have suffered complete disappointment after playing it and discovering the sound quality left a lot to be desired . This CD sounds like a heavily compressed MP3 file . It is certainly not something you will enjoy on a large set up , I have n't tried it in the car but I do regret buying it just because of the poor sound quality .
 Let me first say that I have not heard the entire CD . I 've only heard one or two songs that are played on my Satellite Radio.The song that gets the most play is `` Common Spirit '' and I 'm sad to say that this is one of those rare songs -LRB- like Lila Floods
 I was disappointed in the CD - it is Ethel singing to a piano and with her powerful voice , she really needs a big band behind her . The songs just sound flat . I love Ethel Merman but this is not the album for a fan .
 I eagerly anticipated this DVD . It would have been great to see the Kinks in performance . So as soon as I got it I put it on and selected `` Waterloo Sunset '' to watch . What a load of you-know-what . First , it 's not the Kinks . It 's Ray . Which might be fine , but is not what is advertised . Second , and more importantly , you see/hear very little of the actual performance as some bimbo host is talking over it constantly and the performance cuts away to her . And I do n't think the whole song plays either , even in the background . The same is true for `` Lola , '' which cuts away to other people and is also not the Kinks.To be honest , I did n't watch the rest of the DVD and do n't know that I will because what I did see made me so crazy . So my advice is STAY AWAY !!! And if I could give it minus stars/less than one star I would .
 Oh , how disappointing . If this is the best the Crue can do , it 's little wonder they left a live album until now . The production on this is woeful . Granted some of the stuff was recorded in the early 80s when they were first starting out , but one would expect that the material recorded later would be of better quality . Vince just ca n't cut it live . He ca n't keep up with the pace of the songs and ends up just making noises that follow the tunes . The guitar is up and down and the bass is almost non-existant . This had the potential to be huge . They have had a long career and an enormous back catalogue to choose from , as evidenced by the track selection , but poor quality has let it down . There are better Hard Rock live albums out there . Only for the die hard Crue fan . One star for a live album , finally . And one for the Track listing .
 Estoy cansado de los discos en vivo del tipo
 I have been a devoted fan of the Crue since they started . I was so excited to come across this live album and could n't wait to pop into my cd player in my truck and let it take me back to a simple and fun time . What was this ? I at first thought that maybe it was some earlier recordings back in the day . No such luck this was some recent stuff . I was so disapointed with this album I wanted to toss it out the window , then I thought that would n't be very fair either somebody might find it and think they scored then they would have to suffer . I have found the best thing to do with this album is to keep it buried in my cd collection far away from the Crues other albums . This my friends is not worthy ...
 Death surely could n't be any worse than this album . There 's a reason this two CD set is so cheap . The songs are poor , the drumming is weak -LRB- why is Tommy Lee considered such a great drummer ? -RRB- and Vince Neil 's vocals are just horrible . Neil definitely has one of the weakest `` heavy metal '' voices I 've ever heard . Do n't think I 'm completely down on Crue though ; I 've got their `` Greatest Hits '' CD , and there 's some good songs on there . But this album just does n't cut it . Buy at your own risk .
 Listening to Vince Neil 's horrific wailing is enought to make just about any glam fan puke . Its hard to believe they ever made it to the top considering how much his voice clearly sucks . The riffs and the music still kickstarts my heart but sheesh come on vince . Sound quality is poor but song selection is great . Amust have for any Crue collector who has a few extra dollars to waste .
 I LOVED the Backstreet Boys-especially Nick ! I went to many of their concerts , even traveled cross country to see them . I was n't going to buy this CD , because I feared it would not be good , but a friend bought it for me anyway.This CD has a very `` thrown together '' feel to it-just random songs his people found here and there , with some rushed-sounding writing from Nick himself . I mean , one of his songs begins with the lyrics `` Girl , I love to watch you-you 're like candy to my eyes '' . How nice ! She 's eye candy ! The writing on this album definitely does not come close to the quality of a Backstreet Boys production , and Nick 's attempts at sounding `` rock n ' roll '' just come off as husky whispering most of the time . I had the most fun with his `` Girls in the USA '' song , which is cute . I 'll be seeing him live on his tour , and am prepared to be amused but not mesmerized . Save your money . Put `` Black & Blue '' in your CD player if you miss the Boys . Justin Timberlake has nothing to worry about !
 I think Nick 's people must have paid all these reviewers to rave about his album ; I 've never before seen an album that performed so poorly on the charts have not only so many reviews -LRB- almost 1,000 ! -RRB- but so many positive reviews - only 7 -LRB- including this one -RRB- out of almost 1000 reviews gave this disc 1 star ! I 've only heard one song from this disc -LRB- Help Me -RRB- and his voice is vastly underdeveloped and raspy , so that leads me to the conclusion that these rave reviews are all bogus ; there probably are n't even 1,000 people who own this album ! If you 're going to purchase this album , first find an actual veritable source -LRB- if there actually is one -RRB- who can confirm whether or not that would be a wise decision - do n't take these Amazon reviews to heart !
 The only good song is `` Help Me '' the rest of the album is a big joke . I love Nick Carter but I do n't love this cd . He should just stick with the group and not go solo
 People actually like this disc ? Props to Nick Carter for going solo , but come on , have you heard it ? It 's bland , boring , and his prepubescent sounding rasp of a voice has no edge at all . He wants to take his music more to the rock spectrum , but he just does n't pull it off . Do n't buy this disc . Unless you are a raging Backstreet Boys fan who 'll love anything any of them put out , you 'll be disappointed .
 I gave this record a chance but I am sorry this is just awful music . If i wanted to listen to a mix of Hanson and the Spice Girls I could just go through my old trash and pop it in ! I used to be a fan until i heard this record . What a disappointment !
 I cant believe how many boy band artist there were , now that I look at it . This solo debut by Nick Carter was just as bad as Justin Timberlake 's debut . Normally I give every album a fair chance but this was just horrible , I couldnt finish the CD , that a first for me , since even the bad CD 's I finish . There is nothing redemable about this album , and showed on the charts when it debuted at 17 and quickly fell , at least Justin Timberlake debuted at one and has sold 4 million copies so far . Skip this , if you want to listen to teen type music , go to Justin Timberlake or Christina Aguilera .
 Another boy-band member who thinks that just because he 's the `` cute one '' he should release his own solo album.Nick Carter goes on and on that his music is different than the Backstreet Boys music and I will have to agree , because at least the Backstreet Boys music was good and I was able to listen to it . This is not rock music and if anyone try 's to say it is they 're wrong.Once again it proves that just because you write a song does n't mean you are a good song writer . Nick 's lyrics sound like they belong on his even less talented brother Aaron Carter 's CD.If you want to witness Nick Carter 's true talent buy a BSB CD and hear how good his voice can sound when it 's in harmony with his band mates . When he was a BSB his voice had true passion and now it 's just trying to be something it 's not .
 As of today , the average customer rating is 5/5 stars.Boy , those teenyboppers do n't know when to accept the BSB and it 's members as dead yet , do they ?
 it 's SAD that people are buying this album and actually think it 's rock . THIS IS NOT ROCK PEOPLE . IT 'S PURE GARBAGE and not the good garbage like the band . No , this is horrible . A waste of time , space and money . Do not buy this worthless crap , buy Pearl Jam or Guns N Roses instead , then you 'll know what real ROCK music is . God this is horrible .
 Jesus Christ , people ! Nick Carter ? To listen to a song called `` Girls in the USA '' -LRB- sung by a 25 year old -RRB- is so , so , SO stupid . Buy Justified instead ... at least Justin Timberlake acts his age ! Nick Carter just sells out to the prepubescent girls , just like his little brother . They both disgust me . You have to have absolutely zero brain cells to listen to this CD -- I was hoping America would be a little smarter than this . Obviously , we are n't .
 Holy mess what a joke ! seriously the highest rated album on amazon is this piece of trash . Absolute junk , miserable . How did this get rated so high ?
 it is not really good ... But there are one great song
 Girls In The USA = Pour Some Sugar on Me . Home you asked Leppard for permission . What a complete rip . Go away Backdoor Girls ...
 I was incredibly disappointed with Nick Carter 's Now or Never . After hearing `` Help Me '' , I was sure the whole thing would be brilliant . Especially with Max Martin being in on some of the music . But nope . I bought the album without previewing and it -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Justin Timberlake had praised Nick saying , `` The world needs another Bryan Adams . '' Okay , this is nothing like Bryan Adams . I was expecting heart felt , rock driven love ballads . There is only one like that
 I 'M SORRY BUT THIS ALBUM -LSB- is bad -RSB- !!! IF YOU WANT REAL MUSIC TRY JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE JUSTIFIED INSTEAD ! THATS TRUE TALENT !
 I REALLY wanted to like this CD ... but I do n't . I bought it for `` Help Me '' and the rest of the songs on it are n't at all like it . I agree that some of them sound like his little brother 's . Nick was cute when he was younger before the weight gain , etc.But I love `` Help Me '' ...
 this album is the same song over and over . the first couple times i liked it then the bottom fell out.what a lousy singer who probly thinks he is so prolific or profound please.its sounds like a local ska band from the 90s . nothing new for a ska band entering a new millenium . the only good song is a moment of violence . heres to life is a good attempt at a song but turns sour . the band didn t have the chops to play a song orginized like that.the saddest song is the gayest song and any band who use excessive amounts na na na 's in a song you just know the band is cheap talentless tacky and poppy
 Tom , He is a great writer , but a horrible singer . Thats like 1 + -1 . Streetlight is all in all , not that good . The music is Pretty avarge , the guitar is 3 chord punk , with some ska chords thrown in , The bass and drums is okay , and the horns , Do n't get me started . On the first track The sax actually sounded like some one in the studio had farted while recording , Streetlight has the Most annoying Horns ever , The trombone and trumpet are okay , but The sax is really horrible , 1 + -1 situation again . Now this album flows nicly , well , lyrically it dose , in fact it is a great Ska Opera , the instruments are okay , but vocally , Tom runs alot of words together . Befor hearing this CD , I did n't know that Guiltyconcensefearofdeath was one word . And now I know that fine is a twelve syllable word . Well thats just my opinion , I love ska , But like you all say `` its a most own ska album ! '' I guess I 'm not a ska fan then , and thats just FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFINE!So two stars , This album only gets that for the lyrics . So keep writing Tom , but please , never sing !
 Okay -- let 's start from the top . All the songs sound exactly the same . Not only do they all sound alike , but they sound pretty much exactly like the songs on Keasbey Nights . It would n't be so bad if it did n't suck so much , but I think it would just be best to GIVE THE BAND SOME VALIUM SO THEY WOULD SLOW DOWN JUST A BIT !! I hate hearing music that 's so fast that I ca n't follow it ! It 's way too fast , way too drawn-out , and way too complicated . I 'm sure that everyone , given the chance , would flaunt their talents briefly to show the extent of their abilities , but it 's like this album is a constant horn solo battle -- everyone working against each other to make a very staccato , very sporadic , very annoying sound.Let 's not forget the band 's frontman , Tomas Kalnoky . He left Catch 22 and briefly quit playing music -LRB- He went to art school in Georgia before making Streetlight Manifesto -RRB- because he did n't have complete control over the songwriting process . Forgive me for saying so , but bands are a co-operative effort with everyone pitching in their ideas to make a sound that represents an entire band -- not just one person . So , who told me all of this stuff ? None other than Tomas Kalnoky himself , in July of 2004 . He has shown that he only knows how to write one kind of song -- the songs that are on Keasbey Nights and Everything Goes Numb . It 's all bland , it 's all way too fast , and it all sucks.I 'm giving this album 2 stars instead of 1 because the band members -LRB- minus Tomas -RRB- are very talented individuals and have a boatload of potential ... they are just led by a crappy songwriter .
 I 'd like to second some of the other reviewers ' reviews of this album . It really lacks the energy and the coherence of the previous album . The tracks in general are a little slower . The production quality is overall about the same , but it is just not as `` listenable '' as Believe was . The exception I find on the album is the `` Club Mix '' of `` Turn It Around . `` But if we think about that for a second , are n't we talking about `` club music '' here afterall ? Are we under any pretenses that this is elevator or lobby music ? I should think not . What we expect from this band , and from a second album is an equal or better effort at club music . House-ish , trance-ish , and anthemic . It 's just missing on Turn it Around.I wholeheartedly recommend Believe , but I 'd steer clear of this one unless you find it used .
 I quite liked 4 Strings first album , and had high hopes for this one . Unfortunately , it failed to deliver much for me . If I had to put my finger on it , I 'd say the band was trying too hard this time to play it safe . A couple of the tracks drift well into pop , and very soft pop at that . Two of the tracks start brilliantly , only to lumber along with minimal development , or worse , be destroyed by lyrics -LRB- `` when dolphins cry '' ? yikes ... -RRB- . I think this album will likely produce several terrific singles -LRB- `` Turn It Around '' is the album 's high point -RRB- , but otherwise , it 's a pass for me ...
 4 String 's first album `` Believe '' has many great moments - well worth the purchase . I have to agree with the other 2 reviews though that this album is rather disappointing . To point out a few worthwhile listens here
 Vanessa is not found often in this album.The album has a few good select tracks such as the lead singles `` Turn It Around '' & `` Back To Basics . '' Other great songs are `` Free '' featuring Sphere , `` All Around The World '' , `` Until You Love Me '' and `` Living A Lie . '' Other than those songs , the rest are cheesy dance tracks that sound as if they were written , arranged and put together in 10 minutes . I was also displeased with the lack of Vanessa 's vocals which shine from beginning to end on their debut `` Believe '' , so where is she now?the vocalists on this album excluding Vanessa are off key and flat at times . They hardly are worth the listen and just sound like back up singers , or really bad demo singers.I say unless you 're a diehard fan and must absolutely have this , just save your money .
 Ultimate ? Not at all . EMI should sack its compiler and let the fans decide what should be on a Diana Ross compilation . Valuable space is wasted on this disc because of the daft decision to put Supreme songs , and a number of fillers that I have never heard . Where is the beautiful `` Missing You '' from 1984 , or `` The Boss '' from 1979 ? And of course `` It 's my Turn '' and the very obvious ommission of `` I 'm Coming Out '' . OK , I am on a roll now ... where is `` Last Time I Saw Him '' or `` The Wiz '' or the UK and Aussie No. 1 `` My Old Piano '' -LRB- from 1980 -RRB- ? I can assure you , even Ms Ross would n't be happy with this pitiful effort . After seeing her in concert in Sydney in 1991 , I realised how fantastic her treasure trove of songs is . And yes , all the ones I mentioned above were part of her concert ... but not part of this joke of a CD .
 First of all , there is a lot of dead silence on this CD . At least two tracks go to silence right in the middle of the song.Second , the bass is n't that fat . The sound cuts you hear above are the best parts of the songs . The songs quickly degrade into what can only be described of as noise . This is n't good techno . A few songs seem to copy Enigma , only very badly.I wish I could get my money back . This CD is basically junk .
 This music has a depth of `` darkness '' that compares well with the movies Star Wars and The Matrix.Also , two of the other reviews I read here are the same -LRB- copied and pasted -RRB- as the text of a junk promotional email that I got from the band 's promoters recommending the album .
 I bought this CD without knowing how it sounded cause I love techno and assumed this `` Dark Techno '' will be different . I was sadly mistaken . From now on I will preview cd 's before buying them . Well now I cant cause they took out Napster . The guy who said that this album sounds like Enigma and Deep Forest is mostly correct . Except that Enigma and Deep Forest sound better cause they have more concentrated beats . The 1st two tracks sound like something from the game `` Wipeout '' . After that it just get 's repetitive and boring . Also , in one of later tracks there is a long silence in the middle of the song . The Cd wasnt even manufactured correctly . My advice , steer clear of this one .
 This CD is nothing but re-blended Enigma beats with Deep Forest passages and cheesy-demonic vocals half spoken . It 's amazing what some big labels release these days ! Stay away and save your money . I guess I should have known just from the contrived and cheesy name of the group too !
 Involution is ridiculously bad . Written by two Spanish-speaking dudes who definitely did n't get any help on the grammar side of things , and anyone who buys this at a brick-and-mortar store has no excuse for not knowing what they 're getting into . A quote from the back cover
 I do n't know why , and I suppose I never will , but there will always be a market for remix albums . In theory , the whole idea of a remix album does n't make much sense . When songs are released , they are thought to have reached their fullest potential , never to be outdone or enhanced . Never to miss out on a single penny , however , record labels still insist on pushing these albums out at an entirely unacceptable rate even though they are , at their very nature , mediocre . This brings me to `` Satanic Twins '' by my absolute favorite band , Of Montreal.As the name would hint , `` Satanic Twins '' is made up of 12 remixes of songs from their two latest albums `` Satanic Panic in the Attic '' and `` The Sunlandic Twins . '' Any resemblance to the songs ' electro-pop roots , though , is sadly missing . In fact , with the exception of `` Forecast Fascist Future , '' these songs are barely listenable . What has been done on this record is not only a travesty to Of Montreal , but also to the devoted fans who will purchase it . Fortunately , however , `` Satanic Twins '' has only been released in limited edition vinyl , so the chances of this being anyone 's first encounter with the band are slim.It has always been my opinion that remix albums should not exist unless they offer a new perspective on a song without completely crippling the original 's spirit . `` Romance , Bloody Romance '' by Death From Above 1979 , for example , offered a unique twist on the band 's signature sound , and it worked . Unfortunately , `` Satanic Twins '' butchers these songs to the extent that they do n't even sound like Of Montreal anymore . Even for the hardcore Of Montreal fans , like myself , who thoroughly enjoy their older , more-difficult , indie pop sound , this record just comes off as too difficult and too blasphemous to accept as a legitimate addition to the Of Montreal collection.To Of Montreal fans , by all means , check it out . For everyone else , this album does n't exist ... Recommended for Of Montreal fans , but only those who are desperately seeking for a reason to hate the band -LRB- Note
 Following on from the dreary , mish-mash affair of the Gold-selling Silk Electric -LRB- 1982 -RRB- album , soul diva Diana Ross returned to the recording studios with producers Gary Katz and Ray Parker Jnr for her third studio project for RCA/Capitol Records . What resulted was easily her worst album for the label -LRB- and infact her entire career ! -RRB- . Ross -LRB- 1983 -RRB- opens with , at the most , mediocre , That 's How You Start Over , written by Michael McDonald , Ed Stanford and produced by Gary Katz . That 's How You Start Over begins with a wonderful piano interlude that leads you to believe the track is going to pump out into a jamming , soulful affair . Alas , it turns out to be a major diappointment . The mid tempo flow features Ross ' appealing enough vocals that also somehow lacks the soulful edge that ignited even the most mediocre song she recorded at Motown . That 's How You Start Over lands somewhere between Pop-Disco-Jazz but fails to spark.Ross goes in for the more electronic , atmospheric vibe on the so-so Love Will Make You Right , written by Donald fagen and produced by Gary Katz . The crashing , swirling sound effects on the tracks dreamy chrous gives the track some fire but it comes off flawed and lacking in some way - ponderous in a way.The warm , exotic You Do It features the diva delivering her more breathy , seamless vocal style even though You Do It , written by Rafe Van Hoy , Deborah Allen , Eddie Struzick and produced by Gary Katz , is nothing particularly memroable even though being a pleasant alternative.The minor highlight of Ross -LRB- 1983 -RRB- is served with the startling , atmospheric Pieces Of Ice , an odd yet interesting compostion with strange , meaningless lyrics from Marc Jordan and John Capek . It 's curious as to what makes this track work , especially as some of the lyrics do n't even make SENSE , but Ross ' slightly chilly yet exuberant and compelling delivery may have something to do with it . Pieces Of Ice was lifted as a single and crawled on to the U.K / U.S Top 50 charts . It also became the only single from Ross '83 to actually hit the Top 50 charts.Returning to the more traditional Diana Ross sound is evident on the gloriously upbeat Lets Go Up where Ross really hits her stride on the sweeping verses and feel-good chrous . Written by Franne Gold and Peter Ives and produced yet again by Gary Katz , Lets Go Up is distinctly dated to the 1980 's but still proves irrisistable . Lets Go Up found its way to being lifted as a single though got as far as No. 77 on the U.S BillBoard Hot 100 . Love Or Lonliness , written , produced , engineered and arranged by Ray Parker Jnr is a nice , smooth ballad with a hint of country music blended into the overly Pop arrangements and a fine , easy-going performance from Ross.Ross jams on Up Front , a diverse , adventurous experiment that somehow comes off not sounding fully formed despite the electric , sassy performance from Ross . Ross ' own track , Girls which she produced herself and co wrote with Bill Wray and Marc Jordan , serves as another major disappointment . Girls rolls along failing to ignite especially on the tracks dreary chrous . Nice try but a failed experiment.Ross -LRB- 1983 -RRB- to a keen Diana Ross fan like myself is disppointing even though this was adventurous and ambitious on Ross ' part . Some have declared this album to be something of an over-looked masterpiece which I beg to differ with but then it 's all purely a matter of opinion.Sales were generally low for the Ross -LRB- 1983 -RRB- album where it literally scraped into the lower reaches of the U.K / U.S Top 75 Album Charts.However what is most startling is that striking red front cover with Ross looking divine as always as though she were some sort of heavenly goddess - despite her hair looking slightly like a fright wig and her eyes half shut as though she 's stoned!Ian Phillips
 As with most later Ross LPs its really hard to find one complete . However for hardcore fans like myself when you miss an entire LP then you miss one or two gems that you would have missed if youhad not purchaed that album !! On this set the second track -- `` Love will make it right '' is a song not to be missed !!! Upfront should have been a hit but it is hidden in this flop album . So it is worth a listen for the few hits .
 Did I just enter the Twilight Zone ? Both previous comments do not match the mp3 download . Has Amazon crossed its links ? The item in question is a mp3 download of Beethoven 's 3rd and 8th Symphonies performed by the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen conducted by Paavo Jarvi . There are some excellent comments for the CD version of this release in the CD section of Amazon . Read them . Both Bohm and Vansa are excellent conductors , but they do n't belong here.I tried to leave the ratings blank indicating neutrality on the release itself , but Amazon wo n't allow that . So the single star is for the comments , not the performance . -LRB- Amazon if you 're monitoring this , you should delete all three comments -- including this one -- and link customers to the CD version of this recording . -RRB-
 Buyer beware !!! Though titled `` Spicks and Specks '' , this CD does not contain the same play list as the original `` Spicks and Specks '' album released in 1966 -LRB- rereleased in 1968 under the title `` Rare , Precious , and Beautiful '' -RRB- . It contains only 5 of the 12 songs on the original . The 20 songs it contains are excellent early-year Bee Gees songs to be sure , so if that 's what you want this will meet your needs . But if you 're looking for a CD version of the original album , this CD is misleadingly titled .
 Only 20 songs . Bummer . There is a different great double CD listed here at Amazon.com called , `` Brilliant From Birth '' that contains 63 digitally remastered songs and great liner notes . Sure it is nearly three times the price , but you get what you pay for . Happy listening !
 After listening to the online samples provided here , I thought that this was going to be a decent house mix for the price-man was I wrong ! The music selection is absolutely terrible , every track on the cd sounds the same , just a lot of noise put to a beat . If you 're looking for a good progressive house/trance cd , I 'd recommend George Acosta 's `` Awake '' . This cd on the other hand , I would not recommend to anyone .
 This offering started out really well and it played seamlessly in the background while I worked ... until ... track four . While track four sounds good on the MP3 preview , it quickly builds to a literal war between someone banging chords on the piano while someone else abuses a violin . Not only did this pull me out of the state of deep concentration I was in but it gave me such a headache that it sent me RUNNING to shut off the stereo . Unfortunately each of these tracks are 15 minutes long so this is no small annoyance.I think Thompson excels in creating more ambient recordings like Gamma meditations 1 and 2 . If you do n't have them try them first .
 I 've been an off and on 311 fan since Grassroots and I just found out they released a Greatest Hits CD . Wow . They must be desperate for cash . I 'm trying to understand why bands release their so-called greatest hits when they 're still active . It 's a similar move we saw from the Red Hot Chili Peppers not too long ago - grab a dozen of your most popular songs and attach a single -LRB- to attract those of us who already own every one of their albums -RRB- and call it a greatest hits album . There are so many great 311 hits left off this album . They failed to include anything prior to their self-titled break-through to mainstream album . How can you leave off tracks from Grassroots and Music ? I have to force myself to believe this is the record label trying to squeeze cash from the ill-advised consumer . I will never buy this album .
 Lord , this band sucks so bad ! They make me cringe so hard when I hear them . A bunch of stupid white boys who think they 're black/and or Jamaican . I hate when white boys talk with a Jamaican accent , how ridic is that ?? And when they try to rap I wan na jump outta window . Anyways , 311 is , was , and always will be a terrible band ; a band that has never quite `` gotten it '' . They are absolutely NOT `` one of the greatest alternative bands ever '' . Please ! That lofty position is reserved for bands like Nirvana and Pearl Jam , etc. * NOT * 311 . If you have to be stoned to think they 're great , then they suck . Get over it .
 There are probably some bands out there who suck worse on a song to song basis , but 311 have been terrorizing the airwaves for years , sucking longer than anyone else dared dream . They have an amazing three pronged attack , combining the the most annoying singer ever with the most annoying rapper ever , and utterly uninspired instrumentation . No other band I 've heard can write choruses that are as consistently grating as 311 do . And they 're incedibly repetitive , as most of the choruses they do sound exactly the same , and EVERY rap passage they do sounds completely indentical . Also , that Cure cover that they did is THE MOST BORING SONG EVER , yet it is arguably the best song of there 's I 've heard . Merely being boring is about as much as 311 can hope for . Thank God I never , ever listen to the radio anymore .
 REAL 311 fans will already have all the songs on this CD or have already burned a compilation of their own , making it a pointless addition to any hardcore fans collection - unless you like spending money for a couple new songs.However , all the songs on here are great songs from one of the most underrated and original bands of the 90 's and early 00 's . There 's no denying that this is a solid release from top to bottom when it comes to looking at what is actually on the album . But really , is a Greatest Hits package something we need from 311 ? Personally I 'd prefer to have a b-sides collection at this point . A nicer package would have included a bonus disc of rare song and demos/alternate takes.Negatives : I have to ask why is n't ` Prisoner ' from Transistor on this album ? And where 's ` Freak Out ' from Music ? Since we 're talking ` Greatest Hits ' those two songs were singles in the mid 90 's , but they 're forgotten . Not to mention great album tracks like Unity , Random , Ohmaha Stylee , Hydroponic , 8:16 AM and You Get Worked . Greatest hits albums that add one or two ` new ' songs are just a lame marketing ploy to make their fans spend even more to buy songs they already own just to get a couple they do n't . Seems to me this was put together to make up for slow sales of the weak -LRB- er -RRB- Evolver album which was a big letdown after the brilliant From Chaos.Postives : For someone who is new to 311 this is a great introduction . It still has alot of awesome songs and you wo n't be disapointed Save yourself the time though and go out and buy all the albums - which in the end will leave you alot more satisfied , because you 'll have really supported the band and actually heard the BEST of 311 and not a ` made for mass consumption ' collection of their most radio-friendly songs that nearly totally omits their two first albums .2 Stars for this blatant cash-grab .
 Las canciones no estan muy malas , pero el sonido que le da el uso de trompetas y bateria , hace que este CD suene a Rock en espa & ntilde ; ol . No suena a Reggeaton en lo absoluto , las voz de el Don suena bien en vivo , pero este CD no es para los fan del reggae boricua .
 I own a number of Dr. Thompson 's CDs . Recently I purchased Unwind , Breathe , and Thunderstorm . Thunderstorm is wonderful -- soothing , realistic . But Unwind has melody tracks , thus my 2-star rating . For me , this is not only distracting , but I tire of listening to a melody over and over . If that does n't bother you , the quality of the CDs is excellent . I 've yet to come across one of these that is n't .
 I usually find Thompson 's CD 's great for meditation . This one did n't do the trick . I just could n't get into the music . However , I did find another CD , Breathe , much better simply because I enjoyed the music and do n't mind listening to it over and over .
 This `` Total Rock Review '' entry is an attempt to sidestep the scathing reviews of the same product under a different name , `` Critical Review
 Whilst I agree with the other reviews I was just glad to be able to watch at least some clips of footage that seems to have been archived and never released , apart from some clips from the official DVD that came out in 1991 . The problem here is that Supertramp is now a trademark for Rick Davies and from what I understand he is very unwilling to release video footage from the archives . I heard that the only way this DVD got sanctioned was because it is an educational DVD and could be used for educational purposes , that 's probably why it is peppered with music critics - mostly unkown and an unknown band who dissect the music and examine the arrangements and structure of songs.The reason that no one has ever heard of the contributors -LRB- even in the U.K -RRB- is because it 's cheaper to make.Unless you are an absolute die hard fan you will probably be disappointed.The Paris 1979 live DVD is due for release this year so buy that instead.Hope this helps , I am a huge Supertramp fan by the way . It 's true what the previous reviewer said in so much that it is a shame that such a well known and much loved band have not released more material for their fans .
 It 's definitely an acquired taste . Good soundtrack for a haunted house , as another reviewer has pointed out . I would imagine a more psychotic Black Sabbath played at half-speed would end up sounding much like Sunn0 -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . Slow , droning , plodding is fine . But explore the themes/ideas/feelings more fully . The first track is the most interesting , because it does n't have a chance to get boring . If you 're going to create a dark soundscape , do n't sketch the same idea over and over again , but explore some new ones , or develop the theme or certain elements more fully ... Sunn0 -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- has great potential , but has n't met it yet ...
 This album is basically the modern day equivalent to Lou Reed 's `` Metal Machine Music '' . I am shocked by all of the positive reviews here . It 's totally unlistenable , it 's basically just death metal slowed down to extreme proportions to make it sound `` creepy '' . Do n't listen to the hype !
 Sunn are an noise band , pure and simple . It is all about the noise and feedback . There is no song structure , there is no melody . Bass drones and the occasional shrieking lasting 20 minutes is a typical song . I really do n't understand the cult that has built up around these guys .
 This cd does not have music on it . Basically , what this band did was take every horrible emotion/feeling and give a sound to it . What i will do for you is tell you how to make your own `` Black One '' album ! 1 -RRB- find a very old factory near your house that is in operation2 -RRB- wait until about 1-2a . m. 3 -RRB- break into the factory with your tape recorder and NO flashlight .4 -RRB- go into the lowest level and find the boiler room5 -RRB- record the creepy noises you 'll find in there and every so often growl into the mic and say things about torture , despare , souls , death , ect.nice job you have a new cd ! now just staple together no less than 6 sheets of black construction paper and you have yourself the cd booklet for the Black One . Have fun with your new cd . . just remember , some people actually like this stuff .
 I laughed , I cried ! no mostly I laughed , I laughed alot . To me this cd was the worst . It started off ok with some noise and wierd samples but when cookie monster started singing that was it . I just cant get into this whole `` black metal '' thing . I like ambient/dark ambient and noise of most kinds , Lustmord 's `` heresy '' is one of the best , but this -- no way ! The drone fuzz bass guitars didnt help either . To me it sounded like some really stoned people playing Black Sabbath REAL slow and going `` this is sooooooo cool '' Kinda along the same line of '' Earth '' endless drones of guitar riffs and feedback . If your into that kinda thing this is for you , just try not to laugh to hard at cookie monster .
 I 've given this band ` one more chance ' far too many times . It 's just one BBBBWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMM after another . Face it , drone is mind-numbingly boring .
 This is not your average album . Forget drum beats and bass melodies , there 's little of that caper here . There 's bass , at times there collosal geat wads of bass that will make you think your speakers are about to destroy themselves ! Some tracks have vocals . Evil , demented demon vocals from the darkest depths of dispair.It 's a well put together album , but I have a serious problem with it . I dont particularly enjoy it as a listening experience . I find it a tad boring . What is on the CD sounds professionally done , some effort has obviously gone into it , but it gets a bit repetitive and I find the almost constant bass tiresome . It reminds me a bit of when I used to work in a factory near a compressor , it just drones . And there 's sparse else to keep you entertained.I 've listened to it 4 times now , and each time I 've fallen asleep listening to it . Not into a deep sleep , it doesnt let you , and when it 's finished I have felt quite depressed.I wasnt going to bother reviewing this album but then I thought , there are probably people like me wondering what this band is all about . You might like it , some obviously do , but you also might find it bland like I have . It just makes my brain feel numb .
 Like the `` Inside Genesis
 My `` Total Rock Review '' is very simple
 I was hoping that this had some good early Peter Gabriel footage since , being a Genesis fan , never saw the band with Grabriel at the helm . It does have footage of the band playing smaller studio type venues but not full songs , interlaced with documentary by people I do n't care about . Who is this guy ? Not the greatest sound or video either but it did satisfy my desire to some degree . Still looking for good full concert dvd .
 Disappointing `` Ahora si '' is disappointing , the production values of the recording are very limited andthe record sounds like another desperate intent to do something with Cachao . The onlygood thing still Cachao 's bass and fire to play his music , the rest is very average . I collectCachao 's records and for sure , this is one wo n't get lots of play time .
 This album is good . The music is timeless and it 's just as good as all of Cachaos other albums . I also recommend Angel Melendez and the 911 Mambo Orchestra 's self titled debut for something a little more refreshing .
 This is about the least informative review that I can remember seeing on Amazon . Who made the recording ? What pieces did they play ? What instruments ? Vocal ? Choir ? Jack Hammer ? I notice that lately some newby at Amazon has been censoring negative reviews . Well , this is n't a negative review . It is a non-review because this is a non-listing . Try again sometime . Try harder .
 I 've heard this CD in another copy that I sold . I bought a brand new copy for saving as a collectible . The only good song is `` Muscles . '' The cover and having this CD for its rarity value is better than the music . I luv Miss Ross to death , but I just do n't like most of her RCA recordings .
 Silk Electric is Diana Ross ' 2nd most boring album from her RCA days -LRB- the most boring album being the Red Hot album -RRB- . Muscles is a great song and I 'm probably one of the few fans that LOVES Fool For Your Love , a song where Diana tries heavy metal and surprisingly it works -LRB- should have been the second single IMO -RRB- . Still in Love is an OK ballad , but the rest of the album is just a snoozer . The track Turn Me Over is just a stupid interlude telling the listener to turn the record over -LRB- from the days you had to flip vinyl and cassettes -RRB- . So I would say skip this album .
 Mr. Cooper is spot on with his review ... . I love Barney Kessel 's guitar playing , but these recordings bury him in god awful VERY DATED and CHEEEEZY arrangements . This could be the soundtrack for some awful B-movie or TV show from the 60 's -LRB- think Get Smart -RRB- trying to sound `` hip '' . I too had hoped it would be Kessel lending his sizable talents to some Bossa Nova tunes and the Breakfast at Tiffany 's tunes . Sadly it is an opportunity for hi to shine on that excellent catalogue of tunes horribly wasted . This must be the worst thing he ever put out under his own name . Surely he did some session work but may have been this bad , but at east his name did not become associated with that . Here his good name and well deserved reputation , as one of the best Jazz guitar players ever , are traded upon to sell a real piece of dreck.The one possible exception is if you are among those who like to collect the `` lounge Lizard '' recordings , which seems to be a camp based fad a few years ago , this is right up your alley.NOTE -- system does not allow 0 or minus stars so I had to select 1 star ... otherwise 0 . Thumbs would be down , if they were not plugging my ears .
 Barney Kessel is truly one of the greats of Jazz , but this offering is just way too commercial and dated to be counted among his best work . In fact , most of the music on these three recordings would hardly be considered jazz at all and is probably towared the bottom of his recorded opus without regard to style . Barney plays great of course , but is not up front enough , while the orchestrations are overbearing and way too heavy . This music clearly was produced with the commercial interests of it 's own day in mind and fortunately those production values are no longer with us today . I actually bought this under the impression that this was predominately a latin/bossa nova offering , but unfortunately there is little here which lives up to that suggestion . Just listen to a cut like `` The Peanut Vendor '' to get an idea of just how wrong the producer 's concept of `` latin '' can get . Real cute , huh ? The worst disc though is certainly the one under the Breakfast at Tiffany 's title , which is barely listenable . Do yourself a favor and get Autumn Leaves or one of Barney 's other real Jazz offerings and let this one fade into the grim silence of forgotten music , which should be the fate of all such poorly conceived recordings . One star just because it is Barney K.
