 There goes a Bulldozer is an example of how not to do a video for kids . Kids are thrilled with earthmoving equipment but the video failed to focus on that type of equipment . It is that type of equipment that little boys have in their sandbox.For example the video is titled `` There goes a BULLDOZER '' but there is almost no footage on bulldozers and what little there is , is of such poor quality that there is nothing for a little boy with a toy bulldozer to feast on . One of the problems that plagues the entire video is that the shots are too tight , too close up so that the little boy sees mostly the equipment operator rather than full views of the equipment in action and this particularly true of the bulldozer footage . Little boys are interested in the equipment , not the drivers and operators.Far too much time is wasted on adult humor . Kids have little interest in sky cranes but this video spends almost ten minutes on a sky crane , most of it on Dave making the climb to the top of the crane , an extremely boring climb.The one good thing in the video was the short segments at the beginning showing little boys operating toy equipment . More of this would have made the video more interesting . Better , show a child using a front loader loading a toy dump truck and then show the real thing and then go back to the toy . Do this with the various types of earth moving equipment that are found in toy stores . Although we live near the Getty Museum , using the construction of the museum was not a good idea because the construction shown was too complex for little boys .
 My two year old son loves tractors and construction equipment . Unfortunately , the narrator 's attempt of `` being funny '' becomes lengthy and irritating . There are some good equipment shots but Fred Levine 's `` Road Construction Ahead '' and Sandbox Video 's `` Big Construction Machines '' are superior , in my opinion , to this video . ` Too much time watching someone talk and act `` funny '' and not enough time spent on the equipment .
 We have purchased many truck videos for our 2 year old . He has loved them all ! Until we purchased `` There Goes a Bulldozer '' , from Toys R Us . The camera was focused mostly on this Dave person and not on the construction equipment ! We purchased `` There Goes a Dump Truck '' and were very happy with the Dave charecter -LRB- dirrerent actor -RRB- I would recommend purchasing the Dump Truck viedo , but do n't waste your money on the Bulldozer .
 My son has most of the `` There Goes a. . . '' videos and loves them . This one , however , is a bit odd . First , there are too many repetitive shots of explosions . Perhaps these are `` cooler '' for slightly older kids -LRB- my son is now 23 months ; he has been watching these videos since about 17 months -RRB- but young children much prefer moving vehicles ; the explosions are too sudden and scary . Then , because so much of it is shot on-site at a construction site , there is a lot of background noise that Dave has to shout over . All in all , it is somewhat disconcerting and a little boring for my son . He prefers Truck , Firetruck and Airplane .
 I bought this video after reading the reviews and thought my son would love it . Instead , he was n't interested and I eventually turned it off because I thought that the humor centered far too much around running people over with bull dozers and other voilent acts I rather he did n't see or think were funny .
 The video starts out showing various structures being demolished with explosives . Next we move to construction sites and watch various pieces of machinery -LRB- not bulldozers -RRB- from a long distance . Eventually we see excavators and tower cranes . Along the way , we see one or two bulldozers.The last 15 minutes of the video is definitely the best . We finally see earth moving equipment close up . But , again , we do n't see a lot of bulldozers.The title is definitely a misnomer . This video is n't that bad , but it 's definitely NOT about bulldozers.Our two year old seemed to enjoy it . However , unlike other `` There goes a. . . '' videos , he did n't ask to see it again when it was over .
 The video camera spends far too much time pointed at narrator Dave Hood and far too little pointed at the bulldozers and other heavy equipment that are supposed to be the center of attention . The equipment scenes last only a few seconds before we are whisked off to something else , each scene change affording Mr. Hood an opportunity to prance about in front of the camera . He should have stayed behind it .
 Zach can do , and has done , better . This one is a real stinkeroo
 Average vocals , average arrangements , average artist . This guy is getting way too much buzz . I think that people are so desparate for a male R&B singer that anyone who is remotely credible gets attention . If you want formula R&B , I suggest you buy an R. Kelly cd . At least his arrangements are remotely interesting and original .
 I saw Van Hunt on a late night show recently -LRB- ? Greg Kilborn ? -RRB- and he performed the single `` Dust '' and it was jammin . The CD version was n't as good as the live version he performed on TV , it seemed to be lacking some instruments or some kick or something . And sadly I think `` Dust '' is the best cut on the CD . No slam on Van Hunt , he seems talented I just do n't think this CD is that great .
 Someone else has the same opinions as me about this CD . Like the individual below , I too was so amped about getting the CD . I had heard so many positive things about it and every single time ` Down Here in Hell ' would play on the radio , I would find myself drowing out my surroundings and becoming completely engulfed in that song . I had also heard ` Seconds of Pleasure ' before purchasing it so I figured ... * shrugs * why not go ahead and buy it ? Big mistake . I wo n't go as far as saying I completely wasted my money , but I will say that the $ 7.00 I spent was too much . I 'm a big fan of neo-soul music and oldies , but this CD just did n't do it for me . Hunt 's voice is nice and sultry , but his lyrics and his beats on all but three tracks left me scratching my head with a puzzled look on my face and thinking `` What ?! '' To each it 's own , but this CD is by far `` excellent '' or even `` very good '' in my opinion . The most I 'd settle on is `` okay ... but leaning just a tad bit over to ` good ' '' .
 I fell in love with the sound of Connie Francis some time before I could see over the steering wheel . So , it is with great dismay that I say the best part of this CD is the cover photo . The recording quality gives the impression that Connie was confined to large steel drum . The word `` tinny '' does n't begin to describe the audio injustice that has been done with this release ... which by the way came from her fan club ! However , if you want to experience tinny sound to the max , schmaltzy background that at points disables any potential for enjoyment of the vocals , and hear one of the greatest disservices possible to Connie Francis - buy a copy today .
 This performance of La Traviata is one of the best sung and acted -LRB- within the confines of the HORRIFIC production/direction , but more on that in a moment -RRB- . Marlis Petersen sings beautifully and can handle all of the different types of singing required throughout the three acts , and she sings with intelligence and the soul of Violetta . Giuseppe Varano was new to me before watching this video , but he gives one of the best-sung performances of Alfredo . James Rutherford is also quite good , but lacks some of the gravitas of the best Germonts.All of that greatness , however , is just about wasted on the most wretched and misguided production I have ever seen . I do n't mind minimalism , but this staging was ridiculous . The only furniture was a single chair , and there are layers of curtains that the characters spend much time inexplicably moving back and forth . Worse yet is that , against this backdrop -LRB- for what little it is -RRB- , the principals are made to act almost as if they are in an insane asylum . In the extended scene between Violetta and Germont pere in Act II , which I think is generally one of the greatest and most moving scenes in all of opera , when Violetta sings of the sacrifice she will make , the director has her pull a gun out to her purse and intimate that she will kill herself -LRB- rather than leaving Alfredo for the Baron -RRB- and sing the scene as if it were a bel canto mad scene . Similarly , during her big aria at the end of Act I , the director has Violetta singing part of it while standing on the chair and at one point either falling or throwing herself off of it -- pointlessly . There are similar moment of lunacy on the parts of the Germonts - the most offensive of which is when Alfredo appears to be raping Violetta at Flora 's party , rather than merely throwing money at her.Other directorial decisions are just stupid -- as if the director never read the libretto . At Flora 's party , at no point before Violetta sings `` Invitato a qui seguirmi '' do you see her ask Alfredo to come meet her . Similarly , earlier in the party seen , Flora sings to Violetta `` Alfredo 's here . Do you see him ? '' when he is standing inches in front of her . After Alfredo offends Violetta , all of the singers are lying on the floor asa if dead . Germont pere comes in stepping all over the bodies until he can find Alfredo , who is singing throughout . And there 's more -- sheer craziness.Finally , the final scene is directed in such a silly way as to distract the viewer from what 's going on . After all I 've written , the most damning thing I can say about this production of La Traviata is that I did not cry at the end . As much as I was moved by many aspects of Marlis Petersen 's and Giuseppe Varano 's performances , I just wanted the insanity to end . I think it 's a good thing that the director was not given a curtain call . I 'm certain he would have been booed off the stage .
 The production value of this album is poor . The high frequencies are extremely bright - hard to endure on an album that depends on so many scratchy vintage samples . The better the system on which this album is played , the more apparent this becomes.The songs are repetitive . They share the same tempo and structure . Chanting teenage cheerleaders are used on most tracks , turning what would be an original element into an overused gimmick.If you want to experience a truly amazing and classic `` sampling '' album , listen to The Avalanches 1991 release ` Since I left You ' . Probably the best ever made , and the benchmark for all that came after .
 I always complain about how CDs are unoroginal but this one is , but a little bit to much for me.I know an entire album devoted and sang by cheerleaders , wow ! but i just do n't buy it , even if i already had , which i regret bitterly , lol.I just thought the first tracks were catchy but the rest of the CD is simply painful and boring.Anyway if you love it , good for you , but for me , not a chance , such a shame ! ...
 I was and man this albumn is boring . It 's a watered down version of brit-pop mixed with harmonic and samples . It sounds fun when you read about it but it 's boring and tedious to listen to . Do youself a favor and pick up some old Bowie instead .
 They play `` huddle formation '' a lot on the radio and it is nothing sort of nauseating . The cheerleading thing has been over done at this point . it was kind of interesting years ago or when say the band Hefner did it but at this point is way to contrived and lame . i think the expression `` trying to hard '' , fits here.I ca n't decide which is more musically significant ... this band , the teletubbies , sesame street , or the polyphonic spree ? i guess there is a fine line between retro , repulsive , and rip-off . At this point save your money and in a couple of years Bon Jovi , Cher , or anyone like that will do a simular album . And sadly everyone will love it and it will once again be called `` the next new and big sound '' .
 1 . In high-school , I used to play in the marching band . Although the furtive pleasures to be found in the dark corners of a band bus still make me smile , I never found the football half-time shows that we played every autumn to be anything short of annoying . `` Is this music anyone really wants to hear ? '' I wondered .2 . I am a teacher , and although I love my kids , they are also my job . The age groups that I 've taught have run the gamut from five years old to fifty , and I 've learned one very important lesson about myself . If I do n't have to listen to prepubescent girls clapping their hands and chanting inanities about who 's `` number one , '' then I 'm happy .3 . I love the poor little guy , but because he is a tragic figure -LRB- no matter how you look at it -RRB- , a sad and bald little Sisyphus , Charlie Brown 's theme song always -LRB- and I mean always -RRB- depresses me . Likewise with the theme song to `` The Little House on the Prairie , '' although I ca n't as easily explain that one .4 . Like most people , I really DO N'T want to go to your niece 's piano recital .5 . In addition to containing all of the above elements , I found this album to be far too forced for me . If you want unrelenting rambunctiousness and corn-fed cheeriness , I wo n't think less of you for picking this album up , but I found it too much , the grating chaos of a musical garbage disposal . I do n't mind a record trying to make me happy , but I prefer it to be tonally persuasive and compositionally compelling , rather than attempting to make its point through sheer exuberance . `` The Go ! Team '' may have a lot of fans , but I 'm skipping this half-time show .
 Zach can do , and has done , better . This one is a real stinkeroo
 How she got released on a major label is a mystery . No doubt there 's an answer that makes sense , but it is unconnected to singing or composing skills . She looks good in the lyric sheet pictures though .
 When Chris released this new CD , I rushed out to purchase it . I was disappointed when I listened to the entire CD . I am a loyal fan , and I was expecting to hear the timeless and classic Chris Walker from `` First Time '' , and `` Sincerely Yours '' . I await his next CD and concert tour schedule .
 I bought this CD after hearing the song , `` She 's Gone '' -LRB- which is not a cover of the Hall & Oates song , `` She 's Gone '' -RRB- on CBC radio a couple of times . It is very good pop . The rest of the recording is rather repetitive and unimaginative . I would suggest at least trying out samples of the mp3s before buying , and even just downloading that song .
 I thought my 2 and 4 year old sons could learn a few things about table manners by watching this video . It turns out that this video is only about eating in extremely formal situations . It tells which of your 5 forks to use first and how sorbet is used to cleanse your pallet between courses . Good if you are eating with the president , not good for the average family who would like to improve kids ' manners .
 My poor kids had to sit through this video . I sat there watching it and it was soooo boring . This lady just sat there and talked and talked . It did n't catch my kids attention . No fun anecdote or symbols to help them out . I was very displeased . My husband was even asking what was I thinking when I bought this video . If I only knew I would have never purchased it.Don ' t waste your money or your time . It just bores you about formal dining and so outdated .
 this cd is really and truly not very good and i strongly recommend you do n't waste your money . i mean he covers `` stand by me '' , `` all shook up '' and `` take it to the limit '' among others , for crying out loud . plus the entire album is acoustic and i much prefer mason on electric guitar . buy some of his studio albums which are much better .
 This is a WARNING to anyone that is about to buy this specific version of Somewhere in Time cd . It is NOT a remastered cd ! This issue came from 1998 . When I bought mine 3 years ago , it was advertised as `` ENHANCED '' -LSB- DIGITALLY REMASTERED -RSB- . This is a total lie and a waste of money . The CD you want was produced in 2002 . I bought three other `` enhanced '' Iron Maiden cd 's and I got scammed on those as well . The packaging on the 1998 and 2002 are identical . Make sure you buy the 2002 . Maiden pisses me off for putting out way too many repeat cd 's of the same material . They use distorted lawyer words like `` enhanced '' and make different song compilation cd 's . It has gotten ridiculous . FYI `` enhanced '' means a couple of videos added ... Read the cd case and it mentions you should have Windows 98 !!!
 I 'm a Maiden fan , but frankly , was a little disappointed with this one . Wasted Years is a good song , but other than that , I do n't see anything special here . I recommend earlier albums like Killers , Number of the Beast , and Powerslave . I enjoyed Fear of the Dark as well .
 This was the first Iron Maiden album which was not great . This album marked a very big change in the band 's music . On Somewhere in Time , keyboards were very evident on the album . There are some good songs on this album like Deja Vu , Sea of Madness and Stranger in a Strange Land , but there are also some awful songs like Heaven Can Wait and The Loneliness of a Long Distance Runner . If you are want to get into Iron Maiden , do n't buy this one first I would reccomend KILLERS of PIECE OF MIND to start off with . If you already enjoy the early Iron Maiden albums , give this one a shot .
 If I wanted to hear a loud mass of indiscriminate white noise I 'd listen to a Nine Inch Nails album . When I listen to an Iron Maiden album I 'd actually like to hear the singer and the individual instruments layered on one another . This 2002 remaster is overly loud , compressed , and digitized . Stick with the original CD .
 The best thing about this album is the artwork on the cover . I remember way back in high school , I could n't wait for this album to come out . I had been reared on Number of the Beast , Piece of Mind , and Powerslave , and I thought this album would have to be awesome . Instead , I got this synthesizer laden recording with only the faintest hints of the Maiden I had come to know and love.The lyrics are hackneyed at best -LRB- witness the clumsy `` Heaven Can Wait '' and the tortuous `` Alexander the Great '' -RRB- All the songs here are smothered in synthesizer , which just does n't fit Maiden 's metal style . It 's like they found a new toy and did n't know when to stop using it.To this day , I do n't understand why there are no Dickinson songs included here . He started using his song-writing skills on Piece of Mind , but he penned nothing here . Perhaps he heard the direction the band was going and decided not to waste his talents .
 The best thing about this dissappointing Maiden record is the cover , which contains a complete history of the band , up to that point . The record itself seemed to me to be an excuse to go on tour . Unfortunately , not one song stands out . I would pass on this one for the new Maiden fan , but the more hardcore may enjoy this one .
 This follow-up to the sublime Powerslave is rather weak . Part of the problem is the new sound they are using . The compositions themselves are obviously in the tradition of Iron Maiden but they come off sounding very flat compared to other Maiden discs . Sounds more like prog rock than straight heavy metal.The best part of this disc is the superb lead guitar work by Dave Murray and Adrian Smith . They really play with a lot of feel . The solos are fast in the tradition of good metal but also melodic.The worst part of the disc is Bruce 's vocals and some of the lyrics . Bruce is trying to sound operatic on some of the songs and he is just not up to the task . Sometimes he sounds like a howling old lady.Some of the lyrics take a stab at being deep but come across as just silly - Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner being the main culprit . Alexander the Great was an attempt at doing another Rime of the Ancient Mariner . The Rime , adapted from Samual Taylor Coleridge -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , is a piece of epic metal genius . Alexander the Great sounds like Bruce is reading the lyrics out of a high school text book on European History . Simply foolish.To sum up , the approach here is obviously similar to Powerslave but the results do not even compare . Somewhere in Time is one of Maiden 's weakest .
 It was all downhill from here . Bruce is worn out from the Slavery tour and the songs just do n't cut it . There 's hardly a decent lick on the album and there no fun in it . They seem to be having so much more fun on Powerslave , particularly with
 CAUGHT SOMEWHERE IN TIME-7 / 10WASTED YEARS-5 / 10SEA OF MADNESS-6 / 10HEAVEN CAN WAIT-5 / 10THE LONELINESS OF THE LONG DISTANCE RUNNER-5 / 10STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND-6 / 10DEJA VU-5 / 10ALEXANDER THE GREAT-6 / 10
 There is nothing that Hugh Cornwell has produced in many years to compare with the work he did with the good ` ol boys back in the day . It 's time he gets back with them , maybe before ol' Jet cashes in ? The other fellas have been more to old energetic form the last several years . Maybe Hugh could add to them once again . On his own he has n't done much interesting . The live versions of old Stranglers songs here lack energy or anything exciting . The Nosferatu tracks are the only highlight . I might have liked to hear `` One In A Million '' , another from his own recordings from years ago . I wonder if he plays it at all anymore ?
 if you love the Noel of `` silent morning '' , `` like a child '' and `` city street '' -- then you will be very disappointed at this one . it got 2 stars from me because it had one good song ! `` valentine '' , thats all I have to say , the rest sounded like B class rock n roll .
 Does n't even remotely compare -LRB- IMVHO -RRB- to her ecstatic 1999 live offering , Electrica . The only saving grace is `` Para De Chorar , '' the very funky club-style bonus track . Even favorites that could 've saved this set -LRB- like usually-amazing `` Ill Parole Negra '' -RRB- come off weak . And Mercury 's vocals here -LRB- again , save the studio track -RRB- sound overworked and , at times , -LRB- dare I say -RRB- half-assed . I am a longtime fan of Daniela and her band , but this one disappointed on first few listens . Who knows , though . Maybe it 'll grow on me . -LRB- Stranger things have happened ... -RRB-
 when i first heard this album it was garbage , now im in to hip hop like krs-one tribe called quest kweli , but this album is completely lacking tight lyrics or beats please dont buy this album unless you are collecting lol
 more flesh and razle dazzle from the over-rated country music vixen . i bought this for my wife because she is a big shania fan . but even she was appaled .
 Sorry to be the only one here so far who did n't love this , but I bought it on the basis of the other reviews here , and I was very disappointed . I 'd never seen Shania 's videos before , but I love the recordings upon which these videos were based , so I expected to like this tape much more than I did . On the plus side , the last two videos on this collection , `` God Bless the Child '' and `` Home Ai n't Where His Heart Is -LRB- Anymore -RRB- '' are outstanding . They feature strong visual concepts that fit and add to the songs , good production , direction , and editing , and genuine acting from Shania and the others on camera . These two videos make two marvelous songs even better -LRB- and this video version of `` God Bless ... '' is different from and even more powerful than Shania 's fine CD album version -RRB- . Where do the other six videos here -LRB- three of which were produced by the same producer and director as `` Home Ai n't ... '' -RRB- go wrong ? Shania 's longest suit is her emotional range , her seemingly effortless ability to use her voice to shift emotions on a dime in the middle of a phrase with a turn of her voice . The other six videos on this tape wash this strength out with weak visual concepts and direction that has Shania flirtatiously smiling at the camera no matter what she 's singing . Her facial expression often seems insincere and rarely varies , unlike her vocal expression , and the overly repetitive , poorly conceived visual ideas detract from very good songs and singing performances . The problem in these six videos is not Shania ; it 's the video production teams . I know she can shine visually as well as vocally , based on the last two videos . She needs the high quality video production and direction she got on those two videos for future projects .
 When 11-17-70 was originally released in April 1971 , it was significant for showing those who were buying Elton 's records but had n't yet seen him live that he was just as incredible a performer as he was a songwriter ! This album may not have succeeded in its mission , but only because its sales paled in comparison to the slew of other Elton albums released in 1971 -- Tumbleweed Connection , the Friends soundtrack and Madman Across the Water . 11-17-70 also had vinyl bootlegs to contend with , many of which included the entire radio concert from which the album was culled , as opposed to the mere six songs on the official release.Until this album was remastered by Elton 's -LRB- mainly -RRB- 70s producer , Gus Dudgeon , it was Elton 's greatest live album and one of his best albums overall . In April 1971 , people could clearly hear the mania in his singing and playing ; indeed , every piano note came to the surface with aggressive abandon . Elton 's non-verbal exclamations were also in abundance , as were multitudinous audience screams and clapping . Until Gus remastered it , 11-17-70 had a quality that increased one 's heart rate and level of exhilaration before the first song was over ! But Gus has erased the excitement by lowering the brightness of Elton 's piano , muffling many of his non-verbal exclamations as well as those of the audience and erasing much of the clapping . What a horrible disappointment!I would advise anyone interested in hearing this album who owns a functioning turntable to seek out the vinyl . If all you 've got is a CD player , try the Polydor CD . Forget about this remaster !
 Tumbleweed Connection raised Elton to his initial peak audibly with the hit single Country Comfort , and that legendary epic , Burn down the mission . It was the energy of that album that inspired the recording of 11-17-70 , Live at the ANR Studios in New York City . In reality , this album was nothing but one long horrible noise . John 's talents were wasted , with his vocals drowned in layers of instruments , which unfortunately destroyed the albums ambience . The eighteen minute version of burn down the mission became panned out to the point of very overdone . As much as I love listening to Elton 's Music , this album was a rapid fall to failure . The modestly improved `` madman across the water '' and `` Honky chateau '' , were released in 1971 and 1972 respectively . but it would be the release of `` Do n't shoot me , I 'm only the piano player '' , and `` Good-bye yellow brick road '' in 1973 , that would bring him back to his audible peak , and steer him well clear of this brief trench in his career .
 This live album was only mediocre . Buy the studio versions . Some of the tunes on this go on and on until you have to move onto the next track .
 Gus Dudgeon should spend the rest of his life on Earth trying to make up for the nearly complete ruination of one of the best live albums of all time . I would most certainly box his ears if I every met him , because he is obviously NOT using them . It is my fond hope that this recording will someday be restored to as close to its original form as possible .
 I do n't know why folks overrate this one so much . Yes , it captures Elton in performance before he 'd gone on to become the world 's top money-maker . And , yes , the idea of Elton performing with a cozy three-piece band with few listeners seems good in theory . But this album fails for two reasons . One , Elton has always been hit-or-miss as a live performer -LRB- usually miss -RRB- because he has a penchant for being too corny or precious at times -LRB- check out his truly embarrassing MTV unplugged performance for evidence -RRB- . Elton 's screwball antics on Honky Tonk Women are downright silly . And why ruin Burn Down the Mission by turning it into a medley ? -LRB- was he preparing , perhaps , for a Las Vegas career if things did n't pan out ? -RRB- Second , live albums , by their nature , are product -LRB- as are Greatest Hits collections -RRB- . There are so few essential live records out there -LRB- Warren Zevon 's Stand in the Fire and Bob Dylan 's Before the Flood are examples of decent live albums -RRB- . And though 11-17-70 seems to contain the right spirit -LRB- unlike the dull product of Here and There and Live in Australia -RRB- , it 's marred by Elton 's rushed playing and a band that , quite honestly , sound ragged and uneven . Elton remains one of those artists who , logically , should sound great on a live recording but , sadly , does n't .
 Okay , people tend to overrate this one and I 'm not sure why . I think it has to do with the legendary , almost mythic , status of EJ circa 1970 , wowing 'em at the Troubadour in L.A. Thus , this live album is supposed to be evidence of his ivory-pounding roots . But live albums have always tended to be product -LRB- like Greatest Hits albums -RRB- and this one 's disappointing because it catches Elton on a bad night and reveals , perhaps , his biggest problem as a live performer
 From the OBJECTIVE reviewer ... Elton live is rarely a good thing . This CD is no exception and if it were n't for his better than average version of `` Take Me To the Pilot '' this would n't even get 2 stars .
 Whenever I stumble upon a new metal band I ALWAYS give them a chance , i.e. listen to one of their albums start to finish , and after listening to this , I wanted to puke my brains out for the lack of talent , and horrible music here . Unoriginal , boring , failed , are all great words for Suicide Silence.My recommendation , go listen to a real band , such as Whitechapel or Darkest Hour
 Do n't waste your time buying this garbage . This band has the worst singer , no memorable guitar hooks or riffs , some leads but is n't enough to redeem them from the hordes of crappy and redundant hardcore stylings . The bottom line is I 've heard it done better by many other bands . If you want something that will expand your mind with crazy offbeats then I would recommend bands like Arsis , Dillenger Escape Plan , or anything by Mastadon . These guys suck and I have no idea why the hell they are touring with Megadeth . I hope they get booed off stage . They should have gotten Municipal Waste to open up .
 This is a gimmick band that plays death metal lite soda . Music by metalcore kids for metalcore kids .
 I Love Janet Jackson ! BUT , these past few years of releases have been disappointing for me . When I was reading all the hype over her new * 20 * CD I was stoked ! I was hoping that she would put out a Fab new CD so I could break out all my Janet Cd 's and have my own private party ! It came out , I rushed to buy it and the first single * Call On Me * . I was in SHOCK ! It was HORRIBLE ! I was so disappointed . Now I 'm looking forward to her brothers new CD !
 I heard this song on the radio at work and my co-workers and I were like , `` What in the world is she singing about ? '' I do n't understand a darn thing Janet is saying in this song because all I hear is a bunch of murmuring . Janet was never much of a singer anyway , but at least her vocals were clearer and stronger back in the day . I do n't know , maybe age is having an affect on her vocals . Anyway , the melody to this song is nice , but that 's it . Janet 's and Nelly 's vocals both ruined the song big time . `` Call On Me '' is weak and will be forgotten like yesterday .
 Nelly is doing more singing than Janet Jackson is on this clunker that alone spells trouble . dime a dozen track with no feeling or meaning . this is a ok B-side but not worthy of a lead off single & especially not worthy to remember the Control project from 20 years back . but Janet Jackson has been played out for well over a Decade to me & this song only adds to that point .
 I foolishly bought this thinking that it was an album by the German Krautrock gods Jane . But it is some techno stuff that I really do not care for . My fault though , I should have done my homework . Oh well .
 It never ceases to amaze me that mediocre albums do so well . This album represents more of the trash that reflects the sad state of hip hop in New Orleans . `` Nolia Clap '' was alright , I suppose , but the rest of the tracks sound like songs put together on the spot to complete another CD with absolutely NO memorable musical moments . There 's nothing interesting to be found on this lyrically , unless you 're interested in hearing a variation on something recorded over half a decade ago . My little sister can make better beats . Do n't buy this record . Seriously , unless you have no taste and just want to keep it `` gangsta , '' you 'd be better off recording your own album with a Radio Shack tape recorder and Casio keyboard .
 Well , there are about three good cuts on this CD , out of 22 . The George Harrison song is a nice take on his `` All Things Must Pass '' / Phil Spector sound , and probably worth the price . -LSB- The Paul Carrack and Mark Knopler contributions are pretty good too . -RSB- But there are some real rotten things here ! The totally repellant Marc Almond song , the painful fake soul of Eric Clapton -LRB- hint
 Quirky southern rockers Drivin 'N' Cryin ' followed up their best album , 1991 's masterpiece `` Fly Me Courageous , '' with the album that is easily their worst . Whereas `` Courageous '' is loaded with top notch songwriting and killer hooks , `` Smoke '' is marred by a decided absence of the same . Even when it starts to take off , like on the intermittentaly powerful `` Patron Lady Beautiful , '' or the beautifully accoustic `` What 's the Difference , '' inappropriate sonic intrusions mar the groove . It 's as if the band deliberately sabotaged their strengths in an effort to avoid merely repeating their past success . The second half is considerably better than the first , and the best song on the disc is rocking `` Whiskey Soul Woman . `` Overall , a failed effort that marked the beginning of DNC 's unfortunate fade into obscurity . At their best , they were a force to be reckoned with .
 It 's easy to hate Christmas songs as they are played-to-death each season . But , `` All I want for Christmas is You '' is one of the worst . It ranks down there with `` Santa Baby '' , and its infamy owes as much to its stale genre as it does to Ms. Carey 's singing style . I mean , she 's great for the dance floor , but Christmas music should not sound bootylicious .
 Oh my gosh ... . The thin raspy weak Mariah is singing again ! This album is sure a let-down to all mankind ... If you thought Christina 's Christmas Album was horrible , wait till you hear this one . Celine Dion , Whitney Houston , Madonna , Kylie Minogue ; Faye , Claire and Lisa of Steps ; Andrea of The Corrs have MUCH richer and fuller voice than hers , so pls , if you think her voice is good , it 's time for you to go for some BASIC vocal training to help you filter out artists like Mariah ...
 The undertones present in this album are in no way suitable for a good christian household . mariah promotes materialsm and glutony in this album , and our children must not hear it.Good Christians , stay away !!!!
 I read all these reviews saying how great this album is ... I have one thing to say dont be fool , but those darn lies . Mariah Carey christmas album is a waste of time , and shouldnt be allowed on the music shelf . Number one it so freaking boring you cant even get into of the songs ... She had me wonder why did she even do one if she not going to bother to sing the darn songs right . Its seem like a 35yr old bat trying to act like she 16 . . Sorry honey you are way far from 16 , and this album is CRAP . I wouldnt recommend it on my worse enemies !
 this CD is horrible for christmas . With that spandex santa suit and exotic makeup she looks like she wants to sleep with you for christmas . This album inspired the catholic priests who grew up to be corrupt , avoid at all costs .
 They call the wind Mariah and this obnoxious set of holiday flatulence is proof positive of that.This disc clumsily fluctuates between second-rate Phil Spector and gospel music with equally poor results . Well Mariah is no Ronnie Spector and she 's certainly no Mahalia Jackson , but that does n't stop her from giving in to her werewolf-like `` howl at the moon '' tendencies whenever she opens her mouth.Still , this shrill CD sold millions and gets played to death on the radio and in grocery and department stores everywhere , which only goes to show that there 's no accounting for people 's taste -LRB- or much hope for us as a species , either -RRB- .
 Well , Miss Carey , the only song i like on this album is `` O Holy Night '' Celine Also Did Better . Merry Christmas Mariah .
 With shipping cost , I paid way too much . Will not happen again . Will shop locally .
 MC ca n't sing
 Mariah 's beautiful voice belongs more on the dance floor than on a Christmas album . `` All I want for Christmas is You '' is one of the worst in this respect , though it remains one of the most overplayed songs on the radio . The slinky , spandex Santa suit on the front cover tells you all you need to know . Christmas music should not sound bootylicious . Several other tracks on this album share that sound -LRB- though not all of them -RRB- . If you 're looking for something more traditional , look elsewhere .
 Does this woman know how to sing a song the way it was written ? Just sing it and it will become your own , woman . You do n't have to add 50 notes to every note written just to show off your voice . This has got to be the most annoying CD every produced . I returned it .
 Do n't tell me Mariah re-released her Christmas album as a dual disc now !? God , she 's only just released the fourth edition of The Emancipation Of Mimi ! She should quit it already . Stick with the original albums to teach her a lesson !
 This album is so cheesy , it makes me wnat to puke and swallow my own intestines . What was Mariah thinking by producing such vomit-inducing rubbish !!!
 The following is a direct excerpt from Mariah 's `` TeamLamb '' website : Lets Help Madonna 's Album Flop !! Welcome to TeamLamb , an organized team of Maria Carey fans . Our purpose is to keep Mariah , the biggest female musical icon of all time , on top.Unfortunately , the no-talent slut , Madonna , is still being referred to as the `` Queen of Pop , '' even though her most recent album , American Life , and her Reinvention Tour have really made her the `` Queen of Flops . '' Madonna used to be successful , but that 's because she slept her way to the top . Mariah , on the other hand , has sold millions of records based solely on her amazing talents and being a great role model.Mariah has had sixteen number one singles . Her last two number one singles , `` We Belong Together '' and `` Heartbreaker '' have broken worldwide records everywhere . Mariah 's most recent Charmbracelet tour was a critically acclaimed smash that played to millions all over the world . Roger Friedman , a well respected music journalist , called the concert one of the greatest he 's seen in the past ten years . Mariah is , indeed , the biggest musical sensation since the Beatles.Within the next couple months , Madonna will try to take away Mariah 's crown by releasing `` Confessions on a Dance Floor '' along with the single , `` Hung Up . '' There seems to be a lot of buzz , but most of it seems generated by Madonna 's desperate , pathetic fans . TeamLamb will do everything we can to make this project a flop for Madonna . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 ... no depth at all in this CD . Mariah has no `` angel '' at all . Ridiculous CD . Do n't get it .
 Celine version of O holy night blows her 's out the water and then some ! Celine album has 16 songs on it - not 10 , this album is trite and tacky selection
 And whilst your listening to this CD , that will be more clear than ever , as you will wonder what you did wrong to deserve such a toturous experience . Mariah 's voice seems undeveloped , and the production is non-existent . The songs are contrived and cliche , and the overall quality is poor . Mariah 's huge ego stops this album from having any real warmth , and her snobbery shines through on many of the songs , paricularly ` All i want for chistmas ' , where it is obvious that she is a woman who always gets what she wants . For a supeior , and warmer christmas album , purchase Dolly Parton 's ` Home For Christmas ' .
 Make it stop ! Make it stop !! IF Mariah Carey had recorded this when she was drunk or stoned , it would have sounded one hell of a lot better ! As it stand , she just does all her usual aimless , pointless and pretentious vocalising.Drink more booze before you record music , Ms Carey ! It might help a lot!Expect to see this turkey in the bargain bins in supermarkets , along with the horrendous Destiny 's Child `` Ex-mas '' album .
 This album is horrible . She annoys the crap out of me . I do n't have this album , but my cousin does and she put it on and i was dyig cuz it was so bad !! Mariah 's songs suck . I do n't like this type of music anyway . i like metal/rockOh , 2 stars cause her voice is amazing
 2005 has shown the true side of mariah , and has shown her greed and hatred for her fans . She knows that they will buy anything that has her name on it , and she is effectively exploiting this !!!! mariah is a ho ho ho ho ho ho !!
 I bought this album , and I do n't like it . I took it back to the store , and got me a refund . The album is compeletely boring . Never again will I ever buy another Mariah Carey Cd ! Fool me once , but not again !
 I bought this album thinking I was gon na enjoy some Christmas music but this CD just did n't sit well with me . I was skipping through the songs bigtime . Oh Holy night was so boooring and seemed to drag on forever especially in the first 2 long drawn out verses . Most of the other selections were just average or borderline ` typical Christmas song ' . I honestly do n't recommend this as a worthwhile purchase.Other christmas albums which I purchased from Amazon were Celine Dion 's ` These Are Special Times ' and ` Christmas Extraordinaire ' , Mannheim . Now these 2 albums are Christmas Master-Pieces . Do n't miss out on these two .
 but elvis presley 's best selling album of all time is his christmas album . If this album was most popular it would have outsold music box
 No one ever poredicted a come back for mariah , let alone the one she experienced this year . You would think that she would appreciate it , and be humble about it . yet , she seems to want more and more . This new Dual Disc edition of merry Christmas , like her re-releases of mimi , is a cheap attempt to rip her fans -LRB- lambs -RRB- off and make more money . She is pushing it with this release , and she is going way too far.Say no industry greed , say no to mariah !!!
 Mimi seems to love nothing more than raping her fans of their hard earned cash , As she seems adament in re-hashing any stale recording she has made.The truth is , when it comes to making a christmas album , mariah does n't have the spirit or warmth to pull off any sense of spirit or joy it takes to produce a worthy christmas album .
 I guess I 'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to Christmas music , because I found this album to be a travesty . Carey -LRB- a singer whom I like and buy on a regular basis -RRB- butchers what should be simple , thoughtful , gentle Christmas carols . There 's an excess of excess , if you know what I mean . At least if what she were doing was real gospel -LRB- which I love -RRB- , that would be thrilling . In the case of this album , there 's more shrill than thrill .
 Trust mariah to be first on the badwagon of Dual Disc re-releases of older albums . Considering she is releasing a fifth version of her mimi album late december , this comes as no suprise !! Give this a pass , and show the music industry that we are not lambs who fork out our hard earned cash for any trashy release !!
 I would n't recommend this CD . It 's not very well produced and her voice sounds tired in quite a few of the songs . I do n't like the arrangements . Think of Hip Hop rhythms and pumping beats and off color lyrics . I do n't see this as a Christmas album . Who wants rappers beats for Christmas ! Horrendous . I prefer light upbeat melody 's at this special time of year . This cd just puts me in a bad mood .
 This album is as flat as they come , and the dual disc re-release is as cheap and lame as they get ! Do n't waste your hard-earned cash on such a lame sounding album , from an artist who seems to love 're - releasing ' every mediocre album she ` creates ' . Her greed is disgraceful , and her fans are blind -LRB- and deaf -RRB- !! At least she is skinny on this album cover , unlike her recent bulging pattern .
 Mariah spreads some offensive messages throughout this album , and hints that lust is what we all , as humans , want for christmas . She offends the memory of jesus , our savior , who died for her sins , just so she can get some implants and wear a short dress . jesus would be appalled at the message spread by this so called ` christmas ' album . Her musical whoring is unacceptable , and good christians should avoid this album at all costs .
 Do n't tell me Mariah re-released her Christmas album as a dual disc now !? God , she 's only just released the fourth edition of The Emancipation Of Mimi ! She should quit it already . Stick with the original albums to teach her a lesson !
 First off , I wish they had released this in a CD-only format as well , because I 'm strongly against double-sided discs . But the REAL issue here is -- they should have EXPANDED this release further and made it WORTH the purchase . Why is n't the remix of `` All I Want For Christmas '' from Mariah 's Greatest Hits CD on here , where it actually belongs ? And what about the three EXTREMELY rare , long club mixes of `` Joy to the World '' , including a David Morales mix ? Not to mention , while `` God Rest Ye '' is a brilliant acapella rendition , it 's only 1 minute and 15 seconds , and the remix of `` Santa Claus is Comin to town '' is only 2 minutes and 40 seconds -- leaving almost 40 minutes of unused space on the disc.I 'm tired of record companies cheating us on what should have been worthy re-issues . Of course ... I still got this to be a Mariah completist ... just call me sucker.And any true fans of Mariah should hunt down that CD single of `` Joy to the World '' . The only time I 've ever seen it was once in the Tower Records in New York City years ago -- the day I bought it , not even knowing it existed before stumbling upon it . It 's not even listed here on Amazon .
 Aerosmith . Over the last 40 years , Aerosmith have given us nothing but the best rock and roll music . During their years as a band , they 've had many ups -LRB- look at all of those hit albums ! -RRB- and downs -LRB- Joe Perry and Brad Hamilton 's departures in 1980 and 1981 , respectively -- they would both return in 1985 -RRB- . But these guys have always given us great music , and for the most part , all of their albums are great -LRB- ` Just Push Play , ' from 2001 , is the exception -RRB- . So , Columbia and Geffen -LRB- the group 's two labels -RRB- have teamed up once again to give us yet another Aerosmith compilation . Released in 2006 , ` Devil 's Got a New Disguise ' was created for the casual Aerosmith fan as a bare bones hit package containing several Aerosmith classics and some new songs.So , how does this measure up?Not well , I 'm afraid . The new tracks are as good as anything they 've done since 1995 , and they are n't awful . But , is it worth shelling out $ 13 for this one CD for the new songs unless you are a die-hard Aerosmith fan ? Absolutely not.What 's here is great . ` Dream On , ' ` Mama Kin ' -LRB- how often do you see this on a single-disc Aerosmith compilation !? -RRB- , and ` Last Child ' -LRB- among my favorite Aerosmith songs -RRB- are all here . And they sound great . They 've been digitally remastered , and Columbia did a good job with it too.But I 've got many complaints too.First , why did they include the Run-D.M.C . remix of ` Walk This Way ' from 1986 as opposed to the classic studio version ? This is supposed to be a ` VERY BEST OF , ' right ? Aerosmith do sound good here , and I like the remix , but do I think it belongs on a ` Very Best of Aerosmith ' disc ? No way.And , too many single edits . While the band 's Geffen years of 1985-1994 are far inferior to their first stint at Columbia , they still put out some relatively good singles , and ` What It Takes ' -LRB- perhaps one of their best songs of this period -RRB- , ` Crazy ' and ` Livin ' on the Edge ' all appear in edited versions . ARGH ! When will people get it right ? YOU CA N'T ANTHOLOGIZE AEROSMITH IN ONE , EVEN TWO DISCS ! It 's impossible.Also , there are WAY TOO MANY MISSING TRACKS . ` Same Old Story , Same Old Song and Dance , ' ` Big Ten Inch Record , ' ` Toys in the Attic , ' ` Train Kept A-Rollin ' , ' and ` Remember -LRB- Walking in the Sand -RRB- ' all are MIA . How can you have an Aerosmith best-of album and not include these?Overall , this is yet another fine example of the greedy folks at Geffen and Columbia trying to deprive all of you of your hard earned dollar . They include several new recordings alongside tracks that have been issued -- and countless times , might I add -- on many other compilations.Just go buy ` Greatest Hits ' or ` Big Ones , ' for semi-proper anthologies of the band 's early and commercial years . As of 2010 , there is not yet any compilation that even * adequately * summarizes Aerosmith 's career . ' O Yeah ' comes close , but no cigar . We 'll just have to keep on waiting for the day Aerosmith gets a career-spanning box set , I guess . -LRB- Note
 I loved Aerosmith and would gladly welcome a CD that had some rarities from the good old days . Same songs that have been on countless other complilation CDs . Next will be abother CD of little girl songs . Maybe it 's time to retire guys .
 Just what we need from Aerosmith , ANOTHER Greatest Hits Package with a few new songs thrown in to get people to buy it !!! Pure Schlock !!! Do n't bother buying this one pick up one of the other 27 greatest hits albums they have had out over the past 20 years !!!!
 Both The Lable & the Band are Guilty of Pissing Down the Leg of One of the true Great american Rock bands , Like The Other truely Great American Rock band -LRB- Cheap Trick -RRB- we have been bombarded with Cut rate compilations of past glory , What the band really has told it 's fans is This , We have nothing Tangible to say we have milked our cow dry But we are not quite done Fleecing you so Give us your money because we spent most of our fortune sticking things In our noses & veins so Give us more money beause we are now addicted to your hard earned Cash . stay away from this & all further released albums by this band until they give us more than Hits or Live compilations or Rehashed Blues numbers from artists who did them better in the first place save you money & buy yourself a Muddy Waters CD or a willie Dixon cd see where these rip off artists bit thier style from in the first place
 Why release this compilation ? We already have Aerosmith 's Greatest Hits . Go and get that instead .
 Let 's do a little math . Over the course of their career , Aerosmith have released fourteen `` proper '' albums . There are also five official live albums -LRB- 1 . Live Bootleg , 2 . Classics Live I , 3 . Classics Live II , 4 . A Little South of Sanity , 5 . Rockin ' the Joint . -RRB- Meanwhile , not including various repackaging schemes , re-releases , and international items , there are currently nine Aerosmith compilation albums on the market . -LRB- 1 . Greatest Hits , 2 . Gems , 3 . Pandora 's Box , 4 . Big Ones , 5 . Box of Fire , 6 . Young Lust , 7 . O Yeah , 8 . Gold , 9 . Devil 's Got a New Disguise . -RRB- Add those compilations to the live albums and you get fourteen `` retrospective '' releases . So Aerosmith and their record companies have managed to squeeze fourteen retrospectives out of fourteen original albums . A pretty impressive feat , if you think about it . But it 's obvious what the true fan should really spend his or her money on , if you disdain market saturation and contractual fulfillments.The recent compilations favor the overblown blues/soul orchestrations of the latter phase of the band 's career -LRB- late 80s to present -RRB- , while giving short shrift to the well-toned heavy rock of the classic years -LRB- up to the late 70s -RRB- and completely ignoring the lost years -LRB- late 70s to mid 80s -RRB- . If you 're partial to the hard rockin ' classic years , then for a useful overview you still ca n't do any better than the short and snappy Greatest Hits from 1980 . Or just buy all the proper albums from that period , which would be infinitely more rewarding than these useless modern compilations . As for this new Devil 's Got a New Disguise release , the song selection is nearly identical to the O Yeah collection from just four years ago , with the obligatory so-called bonus tracks to supposedly make the purchase worthwhile . Here , `` Sedona Sunrise '' is actually rather unique for the band 's recent history , but there 's a reason the two bonus tracks were previously unreleased . One could certainly blame the record companies for regurgitating all these quickie compilations , but some fault also lies with the band , who have diluted their legacy by allowing these repetitive retrospectives to be released , as easy ways to fulfill contracts . If you 're really into Aerosmith , just commit some money to all of those fourteen original albums . After all , there 's as many of those as there are retrospectives , and the originals are where the action really is . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 Aerosmith is contractually obligated to Sony Music to deliver another record this year . They had begun recording one , but Steven Tyler had to have throat surgery - taking him away from singing for months - and another bandmember was diagnosed with cancer and has begun treatment , preventing him from playing with the band also.In order to fulfill their contract they put out a Greatest Hits , and because it contains two new songs -LRB- one an old demo from the Pump days , actually -RRB- it is technically a `` new album . `` So there you go .
 This is for the kids , because there 's nothing here for the fans . We 've had this stuff for years . As far as the new songs go ... we may be older , but we sure as heck know how to download ! We 've got money-just do n't want to waste it . How about a decent concert DVD !
 Because I have been an Aerosmith fan since 1977 , seen them many times , own all 14 studio albums , and own the 5 mediocre live albums , I feel I am qualified to post this review . How can a band like Aerosmith , one of the greatest live acts of all time , put out 14 studio albums , and look you in the eye while releasing their 12th greatest hits collection ? How many times can you really sell the studio version of Dream On ? If it is about the money , more power to them , do not blame them , but why not release some real live albums instead ? I am not talking about half a show like the one they did on `` Rockin the Joint '' , or a collection of live tracks like those that they did on `` Little South of Sanity '' , but a boneified , un-cut , un-censored live Aerosmith show . Instead of another Aeorsmith Greatest hits every Christmas , why not a complete live show ? How much effort could it really take to cut the interviews out of `` You Got ta Move '' and release the soundtrack on CD ? How much effort can it take to release the complete un cut show from `` Rockin the Joint '' ? What would you rather own , another greatest hits package with the same 15 - 22 songs or a complete show from the Done with Mirrors tour ? Would n't you trade `` Young Lust the Aerosmith Anthology '' for the complete live New Years Eve 1999 show from Japan ? Would n't you trade `` Oh Yea Ultimate Aerosmith Hits '' for one of the two live Donnington shows they did in the 90 's , or how about trading `` Big Ones '' for something live from the Rocks tour , or even the complete show from Vegas they cut up for `` Rockin the Joint '' . The production cost on these records would not be anymore then the Greatest Hits packages they turn out . They would probably sell more copies and make their true fans happy . I just do not see how a band can have more greatest hits albums then they do top ten hits . How can a band like Aerosmith who has been rockin it out for over 30 years not release one complete live show ? You know the vaults at Perry 's house are full of them . How a bout a box set with 4 or 5 complete shows from throughout their career ? Anything but another greatest hits album .
 DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU ARE AWARE OF THE CHOPPED SONGS ON IT . I was so excited to pop this C.D. in and as I started to listen and sing along I was quite upset to find out that most of the songs on the C.D. have large portions cut out . I felt like throwing the C.D. out the window , and I may as well have , because I cant return it , and I am still going to have to buy another C.D. that has the full versions of the songs on it .
 I am both a big Aerosmith fan and the guy who usually ends up writing a review defending releases like this . It makes me laugh the way so many people come into these boards and write reviews all bent out of shape because a band is releasing yet another live or greatest hits album . It 's not that I disagree that there may be too many of them or that it is an obvious marketing ploy , but some people take it so personally you 'd think someone was putting a gun to their head and forcing them to buy these things . There are all these comments about the band or record company `` robbing '' customers . That 's ridiculous . If you do n't want it , do n't buy it . How does its existence in the market place hurt you ?! If it pleases someone else then it is worth having -LRB- for them anyway -RRB- available . The rest can just leave it on the shelf and keep right on walking.I generally would rather have a new album from an artist or band a truly love , but specialty products like greatest hits compilations , boxsets , live albums , and rarity compilations are fun too , and a lot of times something I really look forward to enough - especially with bands that have very little of those type of releases , or have yet to get them right - that I would request them over a new album . There is a weird condescension among fans generally
 I love everything they have released but if you seriosly wan na buy a greatest Hits album of this band , Do n't buy this one They left off a couple of there Number 1 's some songs are cut way to short Like take `` Livin on the Edge '' it 's original runtime is 6:21 on this album it 's two minutes shorter , and `` Walk This Way '' buy Run DMC and Aerosmith is originally 5:11 and on here it 's 3:40 and theres a few more songs that are cut like this . I mean seriously what happend in the studio come on guys release something better than this . But hey I do give you credit there is two brand new songs on here the title song and Sedona Sunrise , and there purrdy good . but seriosly if you want some good Aerosmith songs please buy O , Yeah it want disappoint your tast for Aerosmith . it may cost a little bit more . But it 's worth it .
 I LOVE Aerosmith , and i have for ages ... but we do n't need yet another greatest hits album ! we 're not gon na pay that much money to get two new tracks ! yes it 's affordable , but for an album which includes new songs you actually want to have , not to get a couple of new songs ... . we need a new studio album , not another compilation !
 This Has To Be The Worst Rip Off Ever It Dosent Even Have Angel , Draw The Line Or Kings And Queens I Definatley Wont Be Wasting My Hard Earned Cash On This Sh **
 Do we really need another Aerosmiths greatest hits cd?This collection of tunes does n't do any justice to the band as their are just way to many good songs missing with a single disc package . Perhaps they should give a us 3 cd set package that has 70 's tunes on disc one , followed by the 80 's on disc two , and of course the 90 's and so on , on disc three . At least this would give the listener a better perspective of what this band is all about . This effort just leaves out way to many good songs and is just a waste of time and money . Even with the two new tunes , it 's still somewhat pointless really.Buy Pandora 's box if you want the old stuff or O , Yeah ! Ultimate Aerosmith Hits if you want an overall best of . Either way , their are far better hits packages from this band than this one provides , so look elsewhere !! Anyway I give the band a 5 and this compilation a 1 .
 If your a new fan , do n't start here with this collection.You can pretty much grab any of the `` columbia '' cd 's without fear.I 'm listening to the `` Draw The Line '' Cd right now -LRB- great -RRB- . Kids , They really were the greatest American rock band , just do n't judge them on `` do n't wan na miss a thing '' . `` Gems '' is a really good greatest hits if your looking for that sort of thing .
 Even though the songs are the classics , this is guaranteed to give you a headache in no time . Yes I am using the best of tube gear there is . It is apparent that for the making of this compilation they have not used the original tapes and it sounds truly awful.Guys the reason why someone still buys a CD instead of download the mp3 is some quality even though incomparable to vinyl . If the CD sounds just like a lousy mp3 with the terrible distortion that implies , then what 's the point of paying for the whole CD ????
 Stop the madness !! We need to take a stand and stop buying these CDs so that Aerosmith will stop putting them out . It 's kind of like the aging football player who plays one or two seasons too long . Everybody else knows he should retire but him . Aerosmith should just retire and live off the royalties and endorsements for the rest of their lives . They have n't put out a good studio album since Permanent Vacation . I stopped buying their crap after Pump . Please end the Greatest Hits madness !!!!!
 This collection is pathetic considering how many good songs Aerosmith has . A band like Aerosmith needs at least 2 CDs to fit their very best songs in it . It 's ridiculous that they do n't even include a single from their Nine Lives album .
 This album from the `` Boys from Boston '' makes you realize that -- these guys are no longer boys . This band defined my own and my friend 's youth . We grew up with them and related to them . That makes it all the sadder to see them continue to lurch forward at this stage . I used to attempt to defend -LRB- 10 years ago -RRB- the band when someone would say ' I am so tired of Aerosmith ' , but they are no longer defendable.Give them some slack . Do you expect to be doing in 30 years what you are doing today ? Why should we expect a band to do so . The problem is , they are harder to relate to now.Aerosmith are no longer the ` high school losers ' as they sang in those days . They ARE rich though . S.O.S Too Bad .
 I really love Aerosmith , been a fan since 1977 , saw them at least 60 times live and bought all that came out . So what is wrong with this one ? Well , it is completely saturated with stuff we know . There are so many compilations ... it is `` Too bad '' to see and hear another.I sold mine again cause it does this band no justice . I would love to see them bring out a real Live DVD like Zeppelin did . No breaks , no toys just Rock . Rockin the Joint is great but its been cut to pieces . Where is the whole show ? Please listen to the ones that consume you and give us what we crave for . Get a grip !
 I really hate to be the bearer of bad news , especially when it involves wholesome people who have a good optimistic personality , spirit , and try hard . With that said I was dissapointed utterly with the release of this album . Destiny 's Child , with their various group members and changes over the years have always provided fans , radio , and clubs with nothing but hits and club-bangers . I like the trio incarnation of Destiny 's Child best . Now Kelly is trying to step out of the shadow of Beyonce and of being a backup -LRB- Who would n't ? -RRB- . Whose to say if this album was possibly rushed ? I do n't know , I was n't there during the production of it but it certainly feels that way to me . The total track time comes in at a weak 42 and a half minutes , with a large sum of the tracks lacking true quality of any kind . It is so typical and repetitve sounding just like most of the contemporary pop and r & b ; of today . I look at the cover of the album and it has a retro feel to it . The cover looks like the female version of Michael Jackson 's `` Bad '' . But I respect the pop artist of generations past such as the untouchable MJ and his producer Quincy Jones more.Running through the tracks on this album , they all have a couple of different producers who provide us with the same old , tired , and uninnovative music you were probably expecting to hear beforehand . Scott Storch 's stuff is mediocre along with the other producers . Believe it or not , for those of you who may like or dislike Tank , he produced the two best songs on the album ; The only two songs that I happen to give high marks to . These tracks include `` Ghetto '' featuring Snoop Dogg and `` The Show '' featuring Tank . Ghetto has a lot of flare to it with a rollin ' beat , while The Show is soulful and showcases some great vocals by Kelly and Tank.A majority of the rest of the songs on the album are disastrous . The other really listenable songs include `` Comeback '' , `` Every Thought Is You '' , and `` This Is Love '' . I 'm sorry , but honestly I can not recommend this to anyone who are n't die hard Destiny 's Child or Kelly Rowland fans . Kelly Rowland 's voice lacks a little bit of strength and is young . I am sure however young people are who this album will appeal to the most and I am certain they will buy it regardless of what I , or anyone else has to say . More power to you Kelly ! * Sony is also throwing at us a special premium edition version of Ms. Kelly as well as the standard , but all the listening material stays the same . The studio throws in a few small bonuses with a different label to try to market it for a higher price and cash in . Is it worth it ? Not really.For your cellphone you get a ringtone and mobile wallpaper , one free download `` Like This Remix featuring Sean Paul '' , and an extended booklet with more photos and lyrics . If you ask me personally that 's a very dirty thing to try to get somebody to pay for the lyrics and more photos inside the CD booklet . In my Michael Jackson albums from decades ago I can open up the booklet and find the lyrics right there in the standard edition , because it seems as though it is something that should come standard anyway with the album.In Japan we have an international edition of this CD with one bonus song `` Gotsta Go , Pt . 1 with Da Brat '' . For almost all r & b ; and hip-hop releases , Japan always includes 1 or sometimes 2 bonus tracks at the end of the album so that the distribution company can raise the retail price up $ 3-5 more . I think it 's just ridiculous.When I was in the states we never had the luxury of getting bonus tracks on every new CD that came out . However , it 's really just a gimmick though anyways . The people who I am with in Japan -LRB- meaning the Japanese listening audience -RRB- , are willing to pay the extra money for those single tracks . I think the reason they do n't do it in the United States is because the labels know that it wo n't fly and no one is going to hand over that kind of money for something so petty . Most of the time the bonus songs are not that great anyways , so please do n't think that you are missing out on anything . If you look at the retail price on the Japanese import version I think you will agree with me 100 % . * The following text refers to the special premiunm edition and the Japanese import version of this album .
 I really hate to be the bearer of bad news , especially when it involves wholesome people who have a good optimistic personality , spirit , and try hard . With that said I was dissapointed utterly with the release of this album . Destiny 's Child , with their various group members and changes over the years have always provided fans , radio , and clubs with nothing but hits and club-bangers . I like the trio incarnation of Destiny 's Child best . Now Kelly is trying to step out of the shadow of Beyonce and of being a backup -LRB- Who would n't ? -RRB- . Whose to say if this album was possibly rushed ? I do n't know , I was n't there during the production of it but it certainly feels that way to me . The total track time comes in at a weak 42 and a half minutes , with a large sum of the tracks lacking true quality of any kind . It is so typical and repetitve sounding just like most of the contemporary pop and r & b ; of today . I look at the cover of the album and it has a retro feel to it . The cover looks like the female version of Michael Jackson 's `` Bad '' . But I respect the pop artist of generations past such as the untouchable MJ and his producer Quincy Jones more.Running through the tracks on this album , they all have a couple of different producers who provide us with the same old , tired , and uninnovative music you were probably expecting to hear beforehand . Scott Storch 's stuff is mediocre along with the other producers . Believe it or not , for those of you who may like or dislike Tank , he produced the two best songs on the album ; The only two songs that I happen to give high marks to . These tracks include `` Ghetto '' featuring Snoop Dogg and `` The Show '' featuring Tank . Ghetto has a lot of flare to it with a rollin ' beat , while The Show is soulful and showcases some great vocals by Kelly and Tank.A majority of the rest of the songs on the album are disastrous . The other really listenable songs include `` Comeback '' , `` Every Thought Is You '' , and `` This Is Love '' . I 'm sorry , but honestly I can not recommend this to anyone who are n't die hard Destiny 's Child or Kelly Rowland fans . Kelly Rowland 's voice lacks a little bit of strength and is young . I am sure however young people are who this album will appeal to the most and I am certain they will buy it regardless of what I , or anyone else has to say . More power to you Kelly !
 I had more respect for her first cd because she steped away from the whole Destiny Child/Beyonce sound , now she 's back with a whole cd of watered down DC tracks . I 'm hoping she wakes up to the fact that Beyonce is the star of the bunch and she will never get any shine as long as she stays with her parents company . It 's not personal , it 's about business she needs to take notes from Latoya and LEAVE !
 she 'll al , ways be second banana to beyonce I 'll tolerate the track gangster only because snoop dogg 's on it other than that pass .
 Well to begin , I have always liked Kelly but remained to see why she never really sold albums and why she was the background singer . Kellys voice has never really been that strong and her stage performance lacks alot of things . This album starting off with `` Like This '' was utterly disappointing . First because `` Like This '' lacks the bump that she is proclaiming to give us throughout the song . The song does n't even have a big enough beat to bump anything . To me if `` Like This '' was a b-side track on the album then the rest of the album would 've probably been spectacular . Then she follows a lackluster song with `` Comeback '' ... and she did n't redeem herself even on this song . Production was subpar and the producer did n't work with her voice or to her advantage in this song . `` Ghetto '' left something to be desired however it was a bit flud and laid-back and slightly enjoyable . `` Work '' was another `` Comeback '' which was something we had already heard before . Skipping `` Flashback '' because it was heard before sounds like something that should be on a soundtrack instead of an album . Basically to save time and reading the best songs on this album are `` Every Thought Is You '' , `` Still In Love with My Ex '' and lastly a serious Brandy sound-a-like is `` Better Without You '' .
 I really hate to be the bearer of bad news , especially when it involves wholesome people who have a good optimistic personality , spirit , and try hard . With that said I was dissapointed utterly with the release of this album . Destiny 's Child , with their various group members and changes over the years have always provided fans , radio , and clubs with nothing but hits and club-bangers . I like the trio incarnation of Destiny 's Child best . Now Kelly is trying to step out of the shadow of Beyonce and of being a backup -LRB- Who would n't ? -RRB- . Whose to say if this album was possibly rushed ? I do n't know , I was n't there during the production of it but it certainly feels that way to me . The total track time comes in at a weak 42 and a half minutes , with a large sum of the tracks lacking true quality of any kind . It is so typical and repetitve sounding just like most of the contemporary pop and r & b ; of today . I look at the cover of the album and it has a retro feel to it . The cover looks like the female version of Michael Jackson 's `` Bad '' . But I respect the pop artist of generations past such as the untouchable MJ and his producer Quincy Jones more.Running through the tracks on this album , they all have a couple of different producers who provide us with the same old , tired , and uninnovative music you were probably expecting to hear beforehand . Scott Storch 's stuff is mediocre along with the other producers . Believe it or not , for those of you who may like or dislike Tank , he produced the two best songs on the album ; The only two songs that I happen to give high marks to . These tracks include `` Ghetto '' featuring Snoop Dogg and `` The Show '' featuring Tank . Ghetto has a lot of flare to it with a rollin ' beat , while The Show is soulful and showcases some great vocals by Kelly and Tank.A majority of the rest of the songs on the album are disastrous . The other really listenable songs include `` Comeback '' , `` Every Thought Is You '' , and `` This Is Love '' . I 'm sorry , but honestly I can not recommend this to anyone who are n't die hard Destiny 's Child or Kelly Rowland fans . Kelly Rowland 's voice lacks a little bit of strength and is young . I am sure however young people are who this album will appeal to the most and I am certain they will buy it regardless of what I , or anyone else has to say . More power to you Kelly ! * In Japan we have an international edition of this CD with one bonus song `` Gotsta Go , Pt . 1 with Da Brat '' . For almost all r & b ; and hip-hop releases , Japan always includes 1 or sometimes 2 bonus tracks at the end of the album so that the distribution company can raise the retail price up $ 3-5 more . I think it 's just ridiculous.When I was in the states we never had the luxury of getting bonus tracks on every new CD that came out . However , it 's really just a gimmick though anyways . The people who I am with in Japan -LRB- meaning the Japanese listening audience -RRB- , are willing to pay the extra money for those single tracks . I think the reason they do n't do it in the United States is because the labels know that it wo n't fly and no one is going to hand over that kind of money for something so petty . Most of the time the bonus songs are not that great anyways , so please do n't think that you are missing out on anything . If you look at the retail price on the Japanese import version I think you will agree with me 100 % . * The following text refers to the Japanese import version of this album .
 Oh my God . I was so ready for this album and I was so disappointed . This was not as good as I had hoped ... it was nothing that I has expected . I had high hopes for this album after I heard the first single . My hopes are now destroyed . I dont know what to say because Kelly is better than this album . She could 've done far better than she did . I enjoyed LeToya album better than Kelly 's . It seemed as though Kelly tries the Destiny Child sound without the other girls ... and that was not a good idea . Kelly please come up with your own sound and leave Destiny Child alone . I commend LeToya she had her own sound and the album was great . I see why Beyonce came out with her album when LeToya came out with hers . If Kelly would 've come out with LeToya ... Kelly would 've been out shined . I gave Kelly 2 stars only because her single with my girl Eve . Sorry but thats my opinion .
 Kelly Rowland was part of the infamous singing group Destiny 's Child -- a group that landed Kelly and her ever-changing teammates plenty of awards and hit singles . All of that ended in 2005 when the group announced they were broken up for good . Beyonce had broken out with her solo album B ' Day shortly after , which met heavily mixed reviews , we were then waiting for Rowland to appear with her next solo offering . Her current , infectious hit single `` Like This '' featuring Eve has already received massive airplay on Urban radio stations across the U.S. . The unfortunate part -- Ms. Kelly is not good . One problem with the entire disc are the beats -- none of them even try , or at least are n't engaging at all . None of them strike like they should and end up cold , wash out , and incomplete . In fact all of them sound like they were done in a day , with the drum heating `` Love '' taking up most of that day . `` Comeback '' and `` Ghetto '' sound like they were made with a Yahama drum machine , as well as `` The Show '' -LRB- featuring Tank , respectively -RRB- . And `` Work '' sounds like a throwaway Rich Harrison song . They all seem to aim at Ciara type of songs but sound completely undone -LRB- `` Ghetto '' -RRB- , or way overdone . -LRB- `` Work '' -RRB- But even less engaging is Ms. Kelly herself , she just is n't singing , or really doing anything to at least hide the fact most of the beats are weak . In fact in `` Comeback '' it sounds like she does n't even want this , and in `` Ghetto '' it sounds like she just wants to give up . -LRB- I ca n't blame her , but ... -RRB- And even when she is signing , she does n't really have any personality or jazz to her in her ballads . In fact ANYone could be singing these songs . The album still has its few glowing moments . The good portions of the album and where the album shines are the breezy R&B songs , even though most of which are defined as take it or leave it . These would be songs like `` Flashback '' and especially `` Every Thought Is You '' , while bland ballads `` Better Without You '' and `` The Show '' go nowhere and are just edging passable ; better is acoustic `` This Is Love '' . The best song on the album aside from the current single `` Like This '' is , suprisingly , `` Still In Love With My Ex '' , but as defined from the title , there 's nothing new going on there . And with that said , this album on a whole is n't going anywhere . Kelly Rowland is still a good singer , and she can still be impressive at times on Ms. Kelly , but none can hide the fact the album is bland , derivative , and uneven . 2.5 stars .
 I 'm a huge music fan , I listen to a wide variety of things and I 'm a huge Destiny 's Child fan . Kelly 's last CD is just okay to me because I did n't think she had that much creattive control so I was soooo excited about this CD even though I ca n't think of a live performance with her singing solo that I cared for . Bottom line I was really pulling for her even though I was n't crazy about her single because I felt as though she had more creative control with this project . I was deeply disappointed with it the first time I listened to it but did n't give up on it yet , Ilistened to it on a road trip but still was n't feeling it . Still was n't ready to give up on it yet , I listened to ir late at night when I 'm in more of a mellow mood and nope still did n't like it . I gave it one last time and listened to it twice at work and finally just realized I just do n't like even though I really wanted to . Everyone really wanted this to work for her but not everybody in a group is meant to be a solo artist and I 'm afraid Kelly is n't meant to be one . She has an okay with no stage presence and a weak CD and I think her CD sells says it all . I gave her 2 stars because I have n't given up on her , just this CD . Who knows ... . maybe the third is a charm .
 I fell in love with Kelly 's newest album `` Here I Am '' and so i decided to pick this up because i heard `` Work '' and fell in love with that song too . i order this and play it , the 1st track is acutally really good ! but then all the other songs are mostly ballads : / and the album version of `` Work '' isnt the version i heard which i found out later is the Freemasons Remix and the Radio played version : / its a good thing she released Here I Am because this album just isnt good : /
 I liked the music , but the product condition was not good . I hear noise and it made my laptop crash . I thought my laptop was the problem ...
 Are the ' 60 's back ? This band would like to think so . Not only because theytake their name from that fabled ' 60 's club that hosted the nascent Beatles.The psychadelic guitars and harmonies that grace the opening track `` Hard toGet '' -- a great track worthy of any of their models -- are also a dead giveaway.Unfortunately , the rest of the album is n't nearly as good . There 's a lot offiller , even if it 's reasonably listenable filler . They took that from the ' 60 's , too , but no one should look to Gary Lewis and the Playboys and theirilk for inspiration .
 Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms speaks highly of this album and on his recommendation I did get a copy of Starclub 's S/T album . Appently , he must have heard something more than what I heard . After Hard To Get , the single off this album , there is nothing more on this album that I would want to hear again . And perhaps the rest of the CD buying public had the same opinion that I did , cause that I have seen a lot of this CD in the cut out bins and at the thrift shops all over here . In fact , the CD that I used to have I traded it in at the thrift shop . One year later , it 's still there . Better to find Hard To Get on a CD single or wait till it shows up in a Pop Rock complation . Grade C minus
 The worst Hellowen album . Do n't even try to hear it .
 In this album Helloween tried something new , but without a clear direction the album turned out to be a loser , confusing his hard-core fans and gaining almost none new ones .
 Man I spent good money on this chameleon album and I felt like I was listening to michael jackson . I no longer like kiske anymore and not even place vendom can win me back , He is truly a worthless A hole like all his true die hard purist fans -LRB- not all -RRB- . I threw my chameleon CD out of my car in the middle of the highway watching the cars in my rearview mirror running over the CD crushing it . I only stick to the KOTSK 1 & 2 and the rest of the deris era which by the way he has successfully won me as a true fan.I regret spending my hard earned money on this crap !
 This is by far the absolute worst album of their career and it was preceeded by the other worst album of their career '' Pink Bubbles Go Ape '' , two back to back atrocities , this one being even worse and not even slightly resembling a metal album . How the band managed to survive this nuclear level catastrophe is a miracle , if it were n't for the strength and solid reputation they garnered on their Kai Hansen era back catalogue , trust me , this would have been the last ever Helloween album . They took the incredible momentum they had garnered on the `` Keepers '' albums and completely squandered it , this was a band on the verge of a big breakout , could have possibly achieved the success of a Metallic/Anthrax/Megadeth , but alas we will never know , they corrected their problems too late , the `` metal '' train had left the station , let this be a cautionary tale to other metal bands .
 This album sucks . Period . Go buy `` Walls of Jericho '' or `` Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 2 '' instead . Do it . You can thank me later .
 But here , they 're just so extreme that the album is a disaster of epic proportions . Helloween 's 5th album , 1993 's ` Chameleon , ' is experimental to such an extreme that it falls apart after the first few tracks . Admittedly , there are a few decent tracks . Those tracks are
 This one is nothing compare with the oder helloween albuns.Chameleon and Pink bubles do n't have the real heloween music . I prefere the bands new and old albuns .
 Ah , Chameleon . The end of Kiske 's era . Chameleon is more a experimental album than anything else . Helloween did almost everything here -LRB- except country and rap ! -RRB- . There 's a couple of good sort-of-metal songs
 After KEEPER II , Kai Hansen left the boat . Helloween suffered a lot of legal contract problems , and became totally dominated by Mr. Greed , Michael Weikath . After a 3 years without recording , came the awful PINK BUBBLES GO NOWHERE -LRB- I 'm joking , the title is PINK BUBBLES GO APE -RRB- . Other than the title , this album had a song called HEAVY METAL HAMSTERS . . Unbeliavable . No wonder Kai Hansen left the boat.Sesing they were not able anymore to perform power metal at its best , they decide to go `` eclectic '' and went to places never explored before . Good intention , tragic results ... CHAMELEON is thw worst thing Helloween ever produced , it almost destroyed their careers .
 Skip away from this horrible album !!! This is one of the worst things ever recorded by a `` metal '' band . The reviewers who said this has good music must remember that the music int his album were so `` good '' -LRB- ha , ha -RRB- , that the band was almost destroyed after it , with the tour being cancelled at its middle , EMI cancelling the contract and Michael Kiske being expelled from the band !! How can someone say this is a good Helloween album ??!!!! Only because there are some weird songs with sax , keyboards , etc ?? IF the sounded goo , fine . But it doens ` t.
 AFter the great twin albuns `` KEEPER OF THE SEVEN KEYS '' , guitarrist and founder member Kai Hansen left the boat . Best thing he did . After that , Helloween replaced him with Roland Grapow -LRB- an excellent guitar player -RRB- and released the average `` PINK BUBBLES GO APE '' . THen , came this atomic bomb called `` CHAMELEON '' , which set the pattern for Helloween future
 Trying to change the sound and their music to try to innovate is not bad at all . But doing it making lousy music that you ca n't figure out what they 're about , is sad . HELLOWEEN was going through serious troubles at the time -LRB- drummer Ingo was on his way to suicide -RRB- . This album was catastrophic to the band 's career .
 Why ca n't people recognize the fact that after Kai Hansen left , Helloween was gone for sure ?? See what Gamma Ray is doing and compare it with what Helloween has been doing ... Anyway , I 'm not saying that all Helloween albuns after Michael Weikath took control are horrible . But this `` CHAMELEON '' is . It is exactly whjat its name means
 How can someone rate this CD 5 stars ?! It almost ended Hellowwen career . The intentions of the band on it are clear and noble
 I agree with the past 3 reviews with regards to this album going for mainstream attention , their hearts were n't into making it and the great production.Think of a recording made by a heavy metal band to save their record contract/appease record execs.Such a recording usually has great production , a couple of `` hope to get played on mainstream radio '' ballads and fancy effects like this recording has with saxes , clarinet in some songs and ` cool ' popping sounds leading into the song `` revolution '' . A lot of this cd sounds like the record execs were `` encouraging '' Helloween to try to sound like Aerosmith with the R & B influence in parts of this recording.Thus while the cd contains quality songs ; the songs come off either lame or sound like the band was not recording them in serious manner because their hearts were n't into it.While their previous effort , Pink Bubbles go Ape , was different from the typical Helloween power metal sound in that it contains songs that would not have been appropriate to put on the Keepers lps , the songs are great , and MORE IMPORTANTLY , the band seemed to have really wanted to do them . Pink Bubbles is sort of a `` Heavy Metal Jukebox '' with original recordings.This cd is just a save your record contract/appease record execs one that warrants only 1 star .
 Helloween almost was destroyed forever after this turkey , who flopped simpkly because it really was that bad . The band tried to `` innovate '' , adding a lot of keyboards , horns and whatever , in a mixture of poorly written songs that nobody will ever remember , and that were scrapped forever from their live set . AS a result , singer Michael Kiske and drummer Ingo Schwichtenberg were fired -LRB- for differente reasons -RRB- , the band lost their contract with EMI and had to start all over agains , never totally recovered from guitarrist Kai Hansen 's loss .
 Chameleon is not great by any stretch of the imagination but listening to a lot of Helloween fans talk you would think that the whole album is horrible from start to finish and that really is n't the case . Most of the songs on here range from decent to outright bad with the opening track First Time being the only really good song on the whole set . Keep in mind that I 've only heard the songs from the album as it was originally released and therefor have not listened to any of the bonus songs . I think this review would be best done in a song by song format so here goesFirst Time 7.5 / 10 - As I 've already stated , this song is by a landslide the best Chameleon has to offer . It 's not one of the best Helloween has ever done but it 's definitely pretty good . Overall it 's the only song on here that I would n't mind them putting back in their live setlists.When The Sinner 4/10 - If I 'm not mistaken I believe this was the first single from the album . It definitely works well as a radio single and I 'm actually kind of surprised it was n't more successful as one since it pulls off all the elements of a radio hit quite well . As far as the quality of the song outside of it 's radio eccessibility goes though it 's more of a take it or leave it sort of effort . It 's not a bad song but it really does n't have a whole lot going for it either . I can listen to it from time to time and not cringe but it 's really nothing special.I Do n't Wan na Cry No More 1/10 - Wow Helloween was writing backstreet boys songs before the backstreet boys even formed . Yeeaahhh this is pretty much your typical crappy commercial sentimental slow song , nothing more nothing less . Moving on.Crazy Cat 1/10 - Ok so we go from sentimental boyband type song to Helloween trying their hand at a West Side Story or Grease style musical . Let 's just say it 's rediculous in those scenarios and it is n't any less rediculous with a metal band doing it.Giants 4.5 / 10 - Well it 's slightly better than When The Sinner and has a somewhat less radio hit feel to it but overall my feelings towards both songs are the same.Windmill 0/10 - And here we have the pumpkins of hell reaching a michael bolton level of sucking . I 've read that original drummer Ingo Schwichtenberg refered to this song as Sh #tmill and frankly I would say that 's a very fitting nickname for this little number.Revolution Now 5/10 - This song shows the band going at least partially back to a heavier direction . It 's not quite as good or memorable as First Time but it 's certaintly one of this albums finer moments . An enjoyable song every once in a while.In The Night 2/10 - yeah this one just is n't very good . It is n't the worst thing out there but I ca n't find any real reason to go back to it all that much.Music -100,000,000 / 10 - This song should have never seen the light of day . It should have been kept in the vault locked in a safe made from the strongest metal known to humankind and that safe should have been sealed in a secret base deep under the darkest depths of the ocean and any written or recorded copies of the combination to the safe should have been destroyed and reduced to nothing but dust and ashes and the secret base the safe should have been hidden in should have been guarded by highly trained cyborg Megalodons programed specifically to make sure no one ever finds it.Step Out of Hell 2/10 - See `` In The Night `` I Believe 3/10 - This basically proves that just because a song is the longest on the album does n't mean it 's the best . Actually this song could have been probably benefitted from being quite a bit shorter . All the same though it tends to lose my attention half way through so I ca n't really bring myself to give it above a 3 . Longing - 0/10 - Sh #tmill part 2 basically . This song ends the album on a rather unimpressive note.So there you have it . Yes this is quite an unremarkable album true but it 's not without it 's own gems .
 After There Epic Masterpeice Keppers Pt .2 Helloween Decided To Change Things Up A Bit -LRB- Much To The Anger Of There Fanbase , We Got Pink Bubbles Go Ape -LRB- A Underrated Pumpkin Masterwork -RRB- This Odd CD , Master Of The Rings -LRB- The Slow Uprise -RRB- But This review is about this cd so ill focus on it.The Cover Artwork Is Good.The Booklet Is Good . The CD is Good . The Music On The CD Is Alright . Kiske Seems To be The Main Problem With it though -LRB- his vocal 's sound sluggish -RRB- Track Run Down .1 . First Time
 Goodness knows what cold virus was haunting the cobbled back alleys of Vienna that December in 1976 - or was it just a collective case of mass pig ignorance ? - but I have never heard such a gratuitously inattentive and inconsiderate audience hack its way through an entire performance almost without respite - it 's absolutely maddening . I expect to be tolerant of some audience noise but this is ridiculous.My disappointment is compounded by the fact that contrary to my hopes and expectations , Nilsson and Vickers do not here constitute the dream-team partnership we might have envisaged . Despite the amplitude of her voice and her continued ability to hit the top notes , Nilsson is clearly labouring as she lows and heaves her way unsteadily through the part , quite without the ease and gleam we hear in earlier recordings from the 60 's and early 70 's ; at times it is almost painful . The Brang&auml;ne is harsh and wobbly and rather ordinary ; the Kurwenal similarly competent but unmemorable . It is a surprise to hear the inimitable tones of veteran tenor Anton Dermota as the Sailor here at 66 years old and still singing well and the equally unmistakable tenor of Gerhard Stolze is a characterful asset as the Shepherd . The noble sonority of Hans Sotin 's rich bass lends pathos , dignity and gravitas to King Mark 's lament.Vickers , too is below par ; perhaps it is fair to say that both principal singers are here past their legendary best , although Vickers is here only 50 while Nilsson is already 58 . His tone is often hoarse , grey and lacking centre ; he frequently lapses into his besetting fault of crooning.Horst Stein was an excellent conductor and often paces matters aptly without generating much excitement ; there is a certain slackness where we need more dramatic tension but the prelude is replete with yearning -LRB- insofar as you can ignore the relentless hacking -RRB- famous , the climax to Act 1 exciting , and the extended love duet in Act 2 goes well , with Vickers using a tender mezza voce.The mono sound is quite distant ; voices are often too recessed but not too damagingly so . It 's perfectly acceptable for a live recording of that provenance but nothing special.So unfortunately this is not the collector 's item all `` Tristan '' obsessives will have been searching for .
 In his encyclopdicLives and Legends of Flamenco , Donn Pohren says some very harsh things about Enrique Montoya ; and after listening to this album , I can understand why.He undeniably has a good voice . But the various flamenco styles , which have been so carefully and lovingly polished over the centuries by all the old masters , are here jumbled into a gigantic dog 's breakfast , with no regard for their individual characteristics
 If you 're a Manilow fan you know every note of every song and just how it sounds . Too bad Arista records let someone remaster the Manilow catalog who had never heard the original versions . A true fan will probably enjoy hearing the instruments mixed a little differently but if you want the songs to sound like you remember them you should buy the Greatest Hits package . In this day of wonderful remastering jobs -LRB- like the one done recently for the Bee-Gees -RRB- it 's a crime that such an important artist has had his material butchered by his former label .
 I am a longtime Manilow fan . I admit it . I own everything they 've released . When I put this on I was so disappointed . The songs do n't sound right . The arrangements sound very different . It seems like I hear a lot more bass and a lot less of everything else . I liked these songs when they were hits and that 's how I want to hear them . While I like the songs on this package I ca n't recommend you buy it . I 'd stay with the old Greatest Hits CD . It 's done right and sounds great .
 Do not purchase this download . Track 15 has a serious glitch in it at about 2:30 seconds . It may well be in the master , too .
 I really love the music and energy of Ultimate Manilow . But , unfortunately , there are a number of tracks that skip , jump , and repeat , making it very difficult to really enjoy . I 'm not sure of the process to get it replaced .
 This is perfect music for your next polyester 70 's party . Seve bland Melba toast , wear smiley face buttons and listen to this tripe . Life is good .
 It is unfathomable that here , in the early days of the 21st century , there are still people who not only listen to the King of Kitsch , but will own up to it . There is a reason why Barry Manilow has spent the better part of a quarter of a century being the punchline of jokes and twenty of those reason can be found here . Sappy songs galore , almost all having the same `` beautiful music '' structure of slow tempo throughout each verse and chorus , before ending in a bombastic crescendo . Sadly these songs can still be heard in elevators and dentist offices across America . Even sadder is that people will pay to hear them again at home .
 MANILOW SHOULD JUST HANG IT UP.HE SHOULD GO BACK TO PERFORMING IN BATH HOUSES.BETWEEN A BIG NOSE AND A VERY AUDIBLE LISP THIS GUY CRUCIFIES THE MEANING OF ROMANTIC MUSIC.HE IS A ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK WAN NA BE.MAYBE HE CAN GET A GIG SHINING ENGELBERTS SHOES!IF HE IS LUCKY !
 Why on earth would anyone pay this much money for a CD with the same song on it over and over and over ? Every Manilow song sounds like all his others . They begin with a soft , slow melody -LRB- suitable for elevators everywhere -RRB- and continue through each verse and chorus until the chorus repeats over and over building to a crescendo only to end with a brief and sudden return to a wistful closing . Same formula , over and over and over again .
 Please ! Five stars for a collection of the sappiest songs of all time ? It is pretty hard to take seriously someone who claims to have invented music -LRB- `` I am music and I write the songs '' -RRB- yet the abundance of five star reviews here proves that PT Barnium was right ...
 I would never , in a million years , voluntarily listen to Barry Manilow !!! I hated him when his music was popular , back in the 70 's , and the intervening years have done nothing to enhance his appeal.However , one of my friends actually enjoys his music , so , for her 60th birthday , I bought a couple of his c.d. 's for her . There is no accounting for taste , obviously !
 It is pretty hard to take seriously someone who claims to have invented music . Five stars ? Please . The 70 's are over people .
 People are complaining that this has n't received the full 24-bit digital remaster treatment like , say , Pink Floyd 's `` Echoes '' ? Does the figure of speech `` You ca n't polish a turd '' mean anything to you ? Barry 's best work barely gets beyond the emotional depth of a car park mud puddle . I mean , people made fun of him in the 1970s for goodness sake !
 if i have to vote the worst music i 've bought and listened to from Amazon.com than this is it , it totally irratiting and I could not recommend anyone wasting their money on this . Please print this .
 Something is very , very wrong with this disc . I thought that products with saccharine were supposed to have warning labels .
 Something is very , very wrong with this disc . I thought that products with saccharine were supposed to have warning labels .
 Barry Manilow is n't my favorite astist but clearly has some good songs that are fun to listen to and sing along with . However , this set of gems reminds me of a cross between elevator music and lounge renditions . They do n't sound like they do on the radio and they 're almost karaoke like . Spend your money on something else .
 Manilow 's music is over hyped . Plus we now know that he is an extreme left winger who will not talk to people who are republicans or conservatives . If he feels this way all conservatives and republicans shold boycott his music . If he ca n't talk to us , why should we listen to him .
 Barry can not not not sing . he should take some lessons from actualy good singers like Hannah Montana . All Barry does is playthe piano and sing songs about rain if I listen to him I 'd be crazy !!! Honestly how has he made a career ??????? Hannah Montana is way better and her name rhymes barry doesnt ryme with manilow last time I checked okay !
 Something is very , very wrong with this disc . I thought that products with saccharine were supposed to have warning labels .
 It 's true -- old ladies do indeed love these pop nuggets . I do not.Manilow is no doubt a genius , for he has made songs that reek of poo yet they somehow scale the charts . He has achieved the impossible , you could say.My mom recently got this CD , and it 's been playing in the house for about a week . It 's been the longest week of my life.This stuff is bad news , people . `` Bandstand Boogie '' ranks as one of the worst songs I 've ever heard . Along with `` Mandy , '' `` This One 's For You , '' `` I Write The Songs , '' -LRB- yes -- the bad ones -RRB- and the sudser `` Could It Be Magic . `` It could be magic if this CD would disappear out of my mom 's CD player . I tried hiding it a few times , but mom always somehow finds it . `` I write the songs that make the young girls cry ... `` Yes , Barry , but they 're crying for a different reason than you think .
 Wow , was I disappointed with this purchase ! The audio quality of this CD is horrendous . It 's hard to imagine that with today 's technology , the record label could n't produce a better product . It 's quite obvious that they 're simply trying to suck more dollars out of the unsuspecting public.I 've always been a huge Barry Manilow fan -- growing up with his heartful , albeit sappy , ballads . Too bad this particular CD is such poor quality.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY!P.S . To the reviewer who slammed BM
 I bought this cd , expecting all the tunes to be like they were on the radio . `` Mandy '' was the first clue that this disc was going to be a disappointment . And it is a HUGE disappointment . I am now in the process , again , of seriously searching for an authentic Manilow disc that plays the songs the way I know them and love them .
 barry manilow songs are great . my favorites daybreak -LRB- live -RRB- not studio recording . does not give feeling . neither did it 's a miracle on this cd . then the cd was not remastered to sound good . when turned up high . the speakers rumbeled . i hope his other essential collection has that . comeing soon . not buying it . if it dont have it 's a miracle right or daybreak -LRB- live -RRB- . lucky i got his greatest hits back in 1989 . true to the album .
 The video was scratchy and wouldnt realy play so after the expenseand the expectation I have been unable to watch it.Very disappointed .
 i guess there must be a re issue they must put all the metallica songs thank you
 I also taped this show years ago and echo the other sentiments that the entire show should be here . With DVD it is easy to skip what you do n't like , and they should have included ALL of it and let the customer decide which parts he wants to watch . One of the performers on this disc -LRB- his name begins with a `` Z '' ? - I do n't have the disc with me right now -RRB- is someone I have never heard of and I did not care at all for him , I can not believe they put this on here and left so much else out.My other major gripe is that the only 5.1 sound is DTS , there is no Dolby Digital . I have an `` older '' receiver/processor that has Dolby Digital 5.1 but not DTS . I was fooled by this disc , the case has a `` Dolby Digital '' logo on it but that is only for the 2-channel background menu music . So I am forced to listen to the concert in PCM stereo . It does n't sound bad , but I know it would sound a lot better in 5.1 . I refuse to buy the Eagles `` Hell Freezes Over '' for this same reason.Overall this is not a bad disc , the picture and sound quality are better than the same songs on my tape , but I only give it 2 stars because it could have been so much better .
 I am dissapointed of the this DVD to much cut out during the concert , & more on behind the scene ... who cares !
 Again , all the other reviewers are 100 % accurate . I naively bought this yesterday . The track list does not come on the case , so i too , bought it assuming it was the same version as the vhs , but boy was i wrong . One of the greatest musical events in history , and they come up with this crap ? NO METALLICA !!!! Seriously ????? And then , Robert Plant did 3 THREE songs , including the mind blowing Innuendo and a stunning Thank You , and they get cut out . Extreme , Guns , Def ... . But Zucherro ??? Oh , he 's in there !!! Really bad choice here , why on earth did they decide to chop this up ? $ 20 bucks down the drain .
 Well , I bought it and returned it when I found out that they had edited the first half of the concert . I had the original taped from MTV back in 92 and lost it but then I purchased the VHS which to my disappointment had Bob Geldof & Spinal Tap removed among other things . Which is still not as bad as this DVD - Somebody please release the whole thing !! Thank You
 The DVD is a dissapointment . Over 1/2 of the music footage is missing.It 's a `` tribute '' concert , yet the biggest tribute to Freddie , Extremes medley of Queen songs -LRB- which is BY FAR the show stealer -RRB- and them performing `` Love of my Life '' w / Brian May are stricken from the DVD.Do yourself a favor , hunt down the VHS copy . If you threw out your VCR , it 's worth buying another one to watch it with .
 My long time waiting for a DVD version of that old but great Laserdisc was wasted . It 's absolutely depressing what they did here , by cutting some of the best parts of the original show.The Queen Medley by the great band Extreme was probably the best part of this show , not only because the way they played , but also because the playlist choice . A Medley of Bohemian Rhapsody , Bycicle Race , Another One Bites Dust , Keep Yourselves Alive , and others leading to one of the most beautiful moments of the show
 If I could give it a `` 0 '' stars I would . They cut all the best performances out of this DVD from the original airing . ESPECIALLY the amazing Extreme Medley ... as well as Def Leppard performing `` Now I 'm Here '' with Brian May -LRB- which was ironic as they showed Joe Elliott and Brian May in the cover booklet.I wish I could get my money back .
 Unbelievable . Simply unbelievable . How these `` so called '' video editors could cut out the very best performance of the entire concert is beyond me . Without the show stopping performance of Extreme and their melody of Queen tunes this is just an average concert . Whoever is responsible for cutting Extreme out of the final cut should be ashamed of themselves . They need to find a new line of work because evidently they are n't even qualified to edit my home movies.What a disappointment this DVD was . : -LRB-
 i ca n't wait to see the dvd version that i have been waited for years to released . However to my disappointment , it 's no more in the oringinal full version , such as the opening perfomance byMetallica , Extreme and others . i was so regret that i gave away my LD version to my friend . i wish that the producing company could release the full version . i knew all the fans out there would n't mind to buy it one more time
 I agree to all those folks that seen or have this concert before . had been edited for no reason . previously i have this before ba ck in the early 90s on laser disc . It was 2 laser disc set for this concert but it was complete . on the intro of the concert is metallica , followed by the extreme and def leppard , where all this song at now since this dvd is a 2 disc set . too bad . not worth it to buy . buy it on vhs instead or a laser disc.so u can see some missing performance .
 When I purchased the product , I was expecting a full length concert but to my disappointment , lots of missing parts of it was not included in the DVD . Such as the performances of Def Leppard , Mertallica , Extreme , Guns n ' Roses & other artists whom I know participated in the concert . I was not informed that the DVD I was purchasing during the time contains and limited to only selected concert performances .
 I was so excited to finally be finding this on DVD , but like so many others , I am extremely disappointed in that not only were all of the opening acts and footage of Freddie 's performances cut out , also Elizabeth Taylor 's appearance was cut out ! She was one of the main people behind putting this concert together not only for the sake of raising money for AIDS Research , but also in honor of `` Queen '' and Freddie . Cutting this out was in extremely poor taste ! I am so glad I still have my video and that it still works well , but this DVD needs to be re-released with all of the proper footage that is suppose to be on this recording !
 I have bought this DVD 2 months ago from Australia . I really wish I have never bought it at all . Do yourselves a favor , save your money or buy `` WE WILL ROCK YOU '' DVD instead if you do n't have one . It is much much much better .
 When I bought this DVD , I was under the impression it was a re-release of the VHS concert . I have the VHS version and was wanting to update my collection . The problem is - the quality of video on the DVD is very poor , most of the concert was cut out , the commentary by the celebrities about AIDS awareness was edited out as well . -LRB- Half the basis behind the concert in the first place . -RRB- My opinion - DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!! I 'm throwing mine away .
 As a fan of both Queen and the bands that perform at this show I can honestly say this is the worst edition of the concert ever published.I recorded it when it aired live on MTV , and I 'd still have it if my dad had n't taped over it ! They did an absolutely horrid job compiling this show . So much is missing . Robert Plant 's oustanding cover of `` Innuendo '' is missing , as is Def Leppard 's cover of `` Now I 'm Here '' and Extreme 's 15 minute long Queen medley.I also hate the menu design , it 's very difficult to navigate.On the positive side there are plenty of extra goodies , such as band interviews and all the videos they played on the big video screens in the stadium in between acts.Overall this is not nearly worth the 20 + dollar price tag .
 I was so excited to see this out on DVD , I went right out and bought it without checking it out . I 've worn out 2 VHS tapes of the concert . Why am I -LSB- mad -RSB- ? Because they cut out a good 45 minutes of music . Three incredible Metallica songs , a very good Guns n Roses set , a fun Xtreme medley , and an amazing Def Leppard/Brian May version of Here I am . Do n't get me wrong , the other songs are also great , but why cut anything?I ca n't believe anyone who has the tape or the VideoDisc could ever give this a good review . This a big business trying to make a quick buck by ripping off people who do n't know any better and impulse-buying dummies like me.At least they could have put the remaining songs on the second DVD . Do n't buy this DVD . There 's plenty of new VHS tapes available on Ebay for about 20 bucks.I 'd give it one star ... but for Freddie , I 'll give it 2 .
 This DVD set is a huge disappointment . How could the DVD have FEWER matertials than the VHS version ?! I was expecting to see not just what they have on the VHS , but also the ones they edited out , but no ! They have 2 discs and this is all they could put in ? I just could n't believe it ! Guess I should buy the VHS tape on eBay instead ...
 I do n't own this DVD but based on the reviews I will not be purchasing it . I orginally taped this concert when it was on MTV years ago . Because my TV was a piece of junk at the time , the sound quality was terrible but I still have the tape . I ended up buying the official VHS tape when they released it but found that they had edited out some of the things that were shown on MTV when the concert first aired . Overall the VHS release still kicks ... but I was somewhat disappointed . Now it sounds like they have edited out even more for the DVD . I am writing because I would like to see a multiple DVD un-edited version of this concert in it 's entirety . I do n't care what it costs . Put everything in there . People will buy it .
 I wish I had known this . The main reason I bought it was for Gare Cherone 's contribution . Very disapointed .
 VERy dissapointed with this dvd brought it for the guns n roses show what isnt even on it ripped of false advertising crap dont waste your money
 someone types something besides blah ! blah ! blah!Notice ? Not a track listing -LRB- with track times -RRB- to be had.If you read the current reviews , someone gives you a clue as to what 's not on it!Great reviews ! Keep 'em coming - you reviewer wanna-bes ! ------ June 5 2012
 The guy had one song -- but what a song . `` Would n't it Be Good '' -- but the guy could never stick to anything .1974 he tries to replace Ritchie Blackmore in Deep Purple .1975 / 1976 he plays left wing for the Sherbrooke Canadiens but as a pacifist refuses to fight on the ice .1977 he starts a restaurant with some local high school friends which collapses into bankruptcy in 1978.1979 he jumps on to the disco bandwagon writing songs for Evelyn Champagne King just as her career nosedives.Distraught he spends 1980-1982 in the Himalayas finding his inner self .1983 he writes the classic `` Would n't it Be Good '' . Sadly in 1985 he is killed in a roller coaster accident at Six Flags over Texas.Or maybe not .
 Just a warning be careful ordering Cds from CD giveaways I ordered this CD almost a month ago and never recieved it . When I asked why I had not recieved the CD they basically said that they sent it and it was not their fault I never received it so I am out my money and never recieved the CD that I was really looking forward to .
 This is the worst ORB Cd I have heard , It dosent sound like there other Cd 's , Can I return it ?
 In 1992 , The Orb were the toast of the town . At the time , their debutAdventures Beyond the Ultraworldwas the longest , most ambitious , and most successful electronic album ever made . They collaborated with Jimi Cauty ofKLF infamy , and had a high-profile production spot on Primal Scream 's rock/house cross-overScreamadelica . Their second album , U.F.Orb , was pretty much destined to hit number one.But , even here , at the peak of their success , the cracks were showing . On this album , they greatly cut back on their use of samples , possibly as a reaction against critics who accused them of not writing enough original material . U.F.Orb has a greater focus on music , as opposed to sound collage . Unfortunately , The Orb were good at sound collage , but very mediocre at writing music . Without the benefit of repeating sampled voices , sound effects , and danceable beats , the opening track `` O.O.B.E. '' is really bland . All that remains is one plodding progression of ambient chords , stretched out to thirteen minutes . Even when the samples appear , they 're not that interesting -- a guy talks about `` the world of objective contents of thoughts , '' which I guess is as close as The Orb ever came to being cerebral.The album 's centerpiece , the seventeen-minute `` Blue Room , '' also fails . It has its moments , like the five-note plinking keyboard line that pops up about a third of the way through . The track could have been salvaged by following the blueprint of the similarly-endless `` A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules From The Centre Of The Ultraworld '' from the first album -- that is , using the five-note keyboard line as the backbone of the song , then phasing the soft ambience in and out and combining it with samples . The alien/conspiracy theme referred to by the title would have been a great subject for a spooky sound collage . But `` Blue Room '' is much too jarring to have that kind of effect . Halfway through , they remove the ambience and bring in an obnoxious loud beat , too loud to chill out to , but too slow to be danceable . This is backed by a meandering bassline from Jah Wobble , whose guest appearances -LRB- also on Screamadelica -RRB- are very over-rated in my opinion . It 's not very good groove material , and even then it 's repeatedly interrupted by whirring and clanging of some kind . The single edit of this song was forty minutes long , but the album version is already taxing enough.On the other hand , the six-minute title track , which almost seems like a throw-away next to the other , much longer tracks , is actually really good . It 's also the closest in style to Adventures Beyond The Ultraworld . First , in a long ambient intro , the band uses a sample of a Radio Moscow broadcast about Gagarin 's space flight . Levitan 's mighty voice , already stately and portentous , is slightly downtuned to sound even more dramatic . Then , the track changes into an excellent house groove with a very catchy bass line . The bass sounds much cooler and funkier than Jah Wobble 's playing in `` Blue Room . '' If only six perfect minutes could salvage a seventy-minute album.The second side is more playful . There is a truly lovely part in `` Towers Of Dub '' where a cheerful harmonica plays while echoing keyboards form the classic staccato reggae rhythm in the background . But even so , that track is way too long . The harmonica-keyboard climax occurs halfway through , and after that is mostly just drums and bass . The use of keyboards and dub echoes to play the rhythm is an original touch , but The Orb 's best techno-reggae fusion is still `` Perpetual Dawn '' from the first album.The last two tracks are more dancefloor-oriented . Both are competently made , and the keyboard line in `` Majestic '' is the best pop hook on the whole album . At the same time , they do n't have much individual character . `` Close Encounters '' is particularly bland , consisting mostly of repeated rhythmic keyboard rattles . It 's listenable , but there are many other dancefloor tracks out there , by other bands , with charismatic vocals , memorable lyrics , or inventive beats , which are all lacking here . `` Majestic '' has a sample of some woman talking about how great it is to appear on TV , but that 's just ... boring . Adventures Beyond The Ultraworld had far odder and more diverse samples . I 'd rather listen to the nature documentary in `` Spanish Castles In Space . `` The length really hurts the album . Most of it is n't too bad , but the whole thing is so numbingly long that listening to it is a chore . Adventures Beyond The Ultraworld was even longer , but it had enough great singles , dispersed evenly throughout , to hold one 's attention . But here , even the good moments -LRB- except for the title track -RRB- are more like brief flashes of inspiration within horrendously long tracks . U.F.Orb would have been better as a vinyl LP.Things only got worse later . The Orb got bogged down in a label conflict , and were quickly pushed out of the spotlight by other techno bands . The Orb 's audience dwindled , and they came up with no new ideas aside from the ambient-house they introduced with their first album . From their entire career , I recommend Adventures Beyond The Ultraworld , which is quite enjoyable and entertaining , but I do n't recommend anything else .
 There are 3 songs on this album that I ever listen to anymore
 I do n't know why , but this album not only does nothing for me , listening to it actually irritates me in that the songs are so bland and long . I do love `` The Ballad Of Peter Pumpkinhead '' and `` The Smartest Monkeys '' is listenable , but the rest is precious and dull . XTC is a band I root for because I do feel they should have reeped more benefits from their music career than they have . Their chance at a hit song was crushed when the bible belt banned their masterpiece , `` Dear God '' , from the radio and they have never released albums that are `` current '' . I am glad they moved on to the aound of Venus Apple , it is all potential , but hopefully newcomers to XTC 's music stay away from this one . XTC deserves to at least make a living from their brilliant music . I will keep my fingers crossed that albums like English Settlement , Drums and Wires , The Black SEa , Skylarking , The Big Express will bring new fans and if not they are able to make brilliant music in the future that broadens their audience . .
 Bland , bland , bland . The only XTC CD in my collection that gets less play than this one is WHITE MUSIC.This is an album that WAS N'T worth the wait . The lyrical and musical playfulness that marked such outstanding efforts as ENGLISH SETTLEMENT and BLACK SEA are nowhere to be seen here.I am all for artists stretching out in different musical directions . Take a look at the career of Joe Jackson for a great example . But if this album is an evolutionary step in the direction XTC music , it 's not a particularly good one.Nonesuch ? Try Nondescript ...
 Yikes ... I was given this CD years ago by a friend , and I just dropped by to see what kind of rating it was getting here , and my eyes almost popped out the sockets ... the is THE WORST cd i have ever owned . There are only about 3 songs I can listen to on this cd that do n't either put me to sleep or give me a headache . `` That Wave '' ? What the heck is that ? It 's definately not music . I truly believe that to like this CD you have to be on alot of drugs . I have never heard any of their other CD 's , so I wo n't bash the band in general , but I know I never want to hear anything by this band ever again . I only wish I could have given it 0 stars .
 Released in 1992 , this is XTC 's tenth album -LRB- depending on how you are counting -RRB- . It was also the last XTC album for seven years . The sound quality is mediocre . It has 17 tracks and is about 62 minutes long.I liked earlier XTC work . I found this one to be lush mush . It is spineless . I do n't know how people can compare this to Pet Sounds . I think people just throw out names.The 13 compositions by Andy Partridge are mostly boring and sometime cringe inducing bad smarmy pop . The 4 Colin Mouling songs have some life in them and remind me more of the earlier XTC , like Skylarking.Of course , that is just my opinion . Some people love this kind of British pop .
 Not at all their best effort . Feels like they needed to pay the rent or something so rushed into the studio and pushed this out . Borrow a friend 's copy and listen before you buy . You 'll find little or none of the infectious talent these guys bring to some of their other albums .
 I probably had n't listened to this album in at least five years , and decided to give it a listen the other day . I now realize why I always play `` Oranges And Lemons '' `` Skylarking '' and even `` Black Sea '' and never play this CD . The production and sound are very synth heavy , and all the previous comments about the `` preachiness '' of the album are very apt . The lyrics are very heavy handed , and the album really is n't much fun to listen to.I 've been a huge XTC fan for many years , but the above listed albums -LRB- along with `` English Settlement , '' another favorite -RRB- are much , much better representations of the band than this one .
 `` Nonsuch '' is one of those records that I think was doomed to failure -- having constructed -LRB- with a little help from Todd Rundgren -RRB- a thematic song cycle -LRB- `` Skylarking '' -RRB- and an album of perhaps the best pop music in two decades -LRB- `` Oranges & Lemons '' -RRB- , the bar was set pretty high for XTC , and in an attempt to reach it , they seemed to have overreached a bit . It 's not that the album is bad per se , it 's just so carefully arranged and produced to have lost the edge that made its predecessors so great.The band seems to have distilled themselves down to midtempo numbers , occasionally finding a bit of a driving electric sound -LRB- opener `` The Ballad of Peter Pumpkinhead '' -RRB- , but largely sticking to a quieter , balladry style , often primarily piano driven . Sometimes it works out quite nicely , the lovely , chirping staccato guitars on `` Humble Daisy '' provide ample support for a simply fantastic lead vocal by Andy Partridge , and certainly the lilting off-rhythm of `` Then She Appeared '' is downright captivating , but more likely than not , the pieces end up blending one into another as pretty much unmemorable pop songs that are inoffensive and ok but just not attention getting -LRB- Colin Moulding 's `` My Bird Performs '' , Partridge 's `` The Disappointed '' -RRB- . To cap things off , the album stretches over an hour long , and by the end of the record , even the more intriguing material -LRB- `` The Ugly Underneath '' -RRB- seems to blend in with the rest.It 's tough though , becaue none of it is particularly bad , and in fact , all sorts of neat stuff is going on throughout -- great three part harmonies -LRB- Brian Wilson style with a falsetto over the top -RRB- catch the ear on `` Dear Madam Barnum '' , `` Wrapped in Grey '' twists and turns every which way , `` War Dance '' features an intriguing clarinet opening that leads into a set of reeds providing support for Moulding 's venomous lyrics ... it goes on . In fact , with such detailed arrangements , everything 's guaranteed to be interesting in some regard , but what it lacks is that feeling of spontaneity and energy . One nice thing is that at least with this reissue and its remastered sound , you can make out the subtleties of the record nicely.Bottom line , there 's a lot better by XTC -- `` Nonsuch '' is an ok record , but they 've done a whole lot more .
 As an avid XTC fan , I was highly dissapointed with this album . The progressions and riffs lack inspiration and the lyrics are unsually weak . The dark `` Rook '' and ebullient `` Omnibus '' are the only entertaining tracks . Oddly `` Peter Punkinhead '' , I believe , was the single of this album - a heavy handed , predictible tune . Check out Drums and Wires or Lemons and Oranges for the good stuff
 Who thinks these are educational ? Set aside maybe 10 % of the playtime is desirable documentary style action with narration . The rest of the footage you get these nauseating , jaw-droppingly self absorbed skits written by the producer/actor/writer / star himself to show himself prance around ... it 's embarassing !
 I bought this dvd for my grandson because he loves airplanes and trains . Too much commentary and very little action shots of trains and airplanes . It did not keep his interest , a total waste of money .
 The train footage on this movie is quite nice , but not nice enough to cover the extremely iritating , camera-hogging , mugging -LRB- poor attempt at acting -RRB- that comprises way too much of this movie.Fortunately , I did n't pay much for this movie -- should have known when the same man is actor/writer/producer / director -- some really terrible jokes , too much explanation of how the mechanics work , and way too many close-ups of Dave 's face . Really , complicated boiler explanations for a 3 year old?I did also agree that the scene of the woman trapped in her car on the tracks was quite upsetting for my 3 yo grandson.Save your money-my advice is pass on anything created by Dave Hood .
 Just show the real machines working , forget all the goofy narration that is annoying to adults and does n't even hold my son 's interest . He much prefers the Fred Levine series or the I Love CAT Machines series .
 When I received the DVD it was so scratched up that it would hardly play in the DVD player . I put it in my DVD cleaner and scratch remover , but it is to badly scratched up .
 I bought these movies based on reviews and was puzzled when I noticed my 3 year old son was afraid of the green choo choo train . I could n't imagine why until I replayed the movie and saw the scene where the green train was headed toward a woman stranded , yes , stranded ! , in her vehicle on the train tracks . As she waved her arms in panic and stares at the oncoming train , she screams stop ! I can not imagine how this fosters a safe feeling for children unless you are into the scare tactic approach to teaching.I was really upset and offended that this was put into a kid friendly show . Sadly , I do not recommend this DVD . The idea of it is great , but the delivery was more than poor . I will return the others I purchased .
 There were parts of this that were ok , but I ca n't get past the scene where there is a woman in her car that is stuck on the train tracks with the train coming dangerously close.My 2.5 year old son had watched this once before , and I must have stepped away for a moment and missed that part . The next time I was watching it with him , he started saying `` STOP the train ! '' well ahead of this scene -LRB- it clearly made an impression -RRB- , even at his age . I did n't even keep watching to see how it turned out - though obviously I 'm sure they work it out . I 'm shocked they would put that in there !!
 Now without the guitars of Terry Vickers for this , the album following Babe Rainbow , it 's charitable to say that any fan should start with the earlier , late 80s sounds of what was a fine band until they lost their key sound architect -- who went on to form Levitation , by the way . The original HoL lineup has reformed with a new album in 2004/5 .
 What a boring album ! This guys are getting worst with each new recording . More important , even though they claim to be a latino band , they have no real latin feeling to their music !!! Beware to buy any of their dull albums .
 I received The Gershwin Songbook , '' ` Swonderful . '' My complaint has nothing to do with Amazon or the supplier . I 'm just a traditionalist , and found the music and singing to be less than satisfying . As an arranger or singer , how could you possibly think your sense of rhythm or your lyrical ability could exceed that of the master ? I 'm here to tell you that neither of yours did . Just play the music and sing the lyrics as they were written so the listeners can sing along , snap their fingers and reminisce about happier times .
 you would think the seller would post the condition of the cd before selling to an unsuspecting customer ! never again will i purchase anything from this seller -LRB- fot-records -RRB- AGAIN !!! I hope everyone else will do the same ! BUYER BEWARE !!!
 What a boring album ! This guys are getting worst with each new recording . More important , even though they claim to be a latino band , they have no real latin feeling to their music !!! Beware to buy any of their dull albums .
 Mane I know these clowns , we use to be kool . The album ai n't horrible but it ai n't no go geter either . All of the BRP know now where these fools stand , and it 's alone right with this weak album !!!!!!!!!!!
 Mane I know these clowns , we use to be kool . The album ai n't horrible but it ai n't no go geter either . All of the BRP know now where these fools stand , and it 's alone right with this weak album !!!!!!!!!!!
 If I wanted my SF59 served up like this I 'd buy The Darkness or some other crap band without a single original idea.Love every SF other album , hate this one . Thank god the other 9 purchases I made that day paid off . Unfortunately , the SF album was the one I was most excited about.Maybe next time boys ...
 Oh my goodness , i 'm so glad i 'm not alone in thinking that ... Portuguese Blues is NOT the return of Silver , Gold , Americana . Like another reviewer said -LRB- i wanted to thank him/her personally -RRB- this album lacks the minimalism of -LRB- sigh -RRB- Silver , etc.Also , not to keep repeating that reviewer , but the constant try-to-hard blues/rock guitar really gets to me after a while . I actually did n't realize how short the album is until checking it out on Amazon , because by the last couple songs -LRB- which are the best of the bunch , in my opinion -RRB- i 'm ready to switch CDs.Man , Old was a great album . I thought SF59 had finally reached a maturity level where they could strike a balance between the dark/dreamy pre-98 and the surfer/dreamy post-98 albums . Who knew how far artisticly the could go if they stayed in that vein ? And while i know each SF59 album is different -LRB- in at least one way -RRB- from the previous , ... Blues felt like a cop-out or something Martin just wanted to have fun with/get out for a quick release.While i was n't expecting a carbon copy of Old , i was hoping this album was going to have continued the mature experimentation from the former . Hopefully the hyped `` coming soon '' album will follow the SF59 pattern and differ from ... Blues , greatly.I love you SF59 , your the only christian band that i still listen to regularly and the band that takes up the most spaces in my CD case . While Radiohead is still my absolutely favorite band , you have always been in my top 5 . So while ... Blues has its good moments , they get weighed down by repetition and , frankly , bland quality of the songs.Of course , to the untrained ear , Blues could sound like a very cool album . Some other reviewers and myself , however , know otherwise . Better luck next time , SF
 Well , they 've been my favorite band for ten years , but I 've never before felt the need to weigh in here with an opinion on a release . Some of the other reviews of it strike me as misguided , however , and I 'd like to give my perspective.First of all , this album sounds NOTHING at all like the first three . It is not even similar in approach . The minimalism of those -LRB- yes , despite all those guitar tracks , those albums are minimalistic and utterly TASTEFUL -RRB- goes out the window here with Jason soloing all over everything and furthermore with him becoming very mannered in places with his vocals . The latter being the one thing that truly distinguishes this album from almost anything they 've released before , and especially the first three albums . -LRB- To be fair , they fed into this `` return to their roots '' hype themselves with the resurrection of the monochromatic album cover ; did anybody else notice them even alluding to `` Gold '' with the Starflyer medallion on the back cover artwork ? Funny thing is , that medallion has nowhere near the beauty nor class of the original banner on the back of `` Gold '' , an ironic foreshadowing of the actual content of `` I am the Portuguese Blues '' . -RRB- This album actually sounds much more like `` The Fashion Focus '' - era material , especially the songs `` The Birthrite '' and `` Too Much Fun '' from that album , and also `` EP Nights '' from the `` Fell in Love at 22 '' EP . More precisely , this album sounds like songs in that vein , filtered through Jason 's newer grandiose sensibility , emboldened as it no doubt was by the success of `` Old '' . But here 's the thing
 If you 're new to SF59 , this CD wo n't due any justice to their amazing back catalog ... The Obsessives might want to get it , but wo n't be to impressed with its sound.I consider myself a pretty good SF59 Fan ... I bought the CD and have only heard it about 3 times ... it really does n't leave much of an impression . . Sorry SF59 ... I 'm sure the `` Real '' new album will be lots better ... I ca n't wait for that one .
 This may be the worst effort from SF59 to date . The album has a few good moments but is not even in the same class as other efforts such as Silver , Gold , Americana , le Vainqueur and , my favorite , Everybody Makes Mistakes . I do n't think that Jason 's going back to the old sound anytime soon , so it 's best to get over it . In the meantime , if you want that same `` classic '' SF59 sound , I have found an alternative . Check out an album called ` Futura Black ' by a band called Guitaro , who are out of Canada . It 's got male/female vocals , classic SF59 guitars and power chords galore . And , if you want a great SF59 album , pick out their latest one , ` Talking Voice vs. Singing Voice ' ... which is a triumphant return to form .
 It seems like anything you read about Starflyer59 goes to great length to tell you about how all of the fans of the early work were distraught when the Starflyer59 sound changed with `` The Fashion Focus '' . They basically went from loud , noisy , crap to a much more mature sound . Why everyone thinks it is cool to say that they were into the early stuff , I will never understand . Anyway , now I know how they felt when the sound changed . If you liked `` Leave here a stranger '' or `` Old '' , I highly doubt you will enjoy this album . In my opinion , it is unlisenable . I only pray that Jason will someday again release more good music and quit with the pseudo-hard rock dreck .
 I 'm completely horrified by the song on this cd `` As I walked out one holiday '' . The idea that a song about dragging a child off to a dark room where no one can hear him scream in order to stab him to death ?? And then he 's dragged down to the depths of hell?How in the world is this a cd for children ? I 'm glad I only borrowed it from the library and did n't pay money to hear these grating country twang hillbillies sing about such awful things.Please , do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this cd !
 Did n't I listen to the sample tracks?The singer might be to your taste , but not mine . Do yourself a favor and listen before you buy .
 As a fan of Pete Seeger 's music , I bought this CD in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . Disappointingly , I 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . Peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . I may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable `` best-of '' set , but I 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . Only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of Pete 's fine albums such as the Carnegie Hall classic .
 We do n't care for this CD . We love Pete Seeger and Raffi , but this collection is one high-pitched , twangy song after another ... like something you 'd hear on a hillbilly 's front porch . Frankly , we barely got through the first of the two CDs . We appreciate it for its heritage ; and it is probably true to its original form , however , I 'd be lying if I said we liked it .
 Not trying to piss anyone off , this is my personal opinion after years of torture with this music . I HATE THIS CD AND STILL HOLD A GRUDGE AGAINST MY MOM FOR MAKING ME LISTEN TO THIS GARBAGE ! Its not that I hate folk music , I love folk music -LRB- I love all music -RRB- and lovely people like Judy Collins and even early stuff by the seegers but half of these songs are off key and its twangy and horrible training for any young ear . Let your kids listen to real music please and not stupid kiddy versions that if they have any intelligence they will know are beneath them . You are n't doing your children any favors by buying them this crap . I 'm sure there 's some redeeming value because some people like this but I just can not see it .
 this is n't a very good album it needs a lot of work in production , the rappers are just ok
 I 'm completely horrified by the song on this cd `` As I walked out one holiday '' . The idea that a song about dragging a child off to a dark room where no one can hear him scream in order to stab him to death ?? And then he 's dragged down to the depths of hell?How in the world is this a cd for children ? I 'm glad I only borrowed it from the library and did n't pay money to hear these grating country twang hillbillies sing about such awful things.Please , do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this cd !
 Did n't I listen to the sample tracks?The singer might be to your taste , but not mine . Do yourself a favor and listen before you buy .
 As a fan of Pete Seeger 's music , I bought this CD in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . Disappointingly , I 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . Peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . I may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable `` best-of '' set , but I 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . Only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of Pete 's fine albums such as the Carnegie Hall classic .
 We do n't care for this CD . We love Pete Seeger and Raffi , but this collection is one high-pitched , twangy song after another ... like something you 'd hear on a hillbilly 's front porch . Frankly , we barely got through the first of the two CDs . We appreciate it for its heritage ; and it is probably true to its original form , however , I 'd be lying if I said we liked it .
 Not trying to piss anyone off , this is my personal opinion after years of torture with this music . I HATE THIS CD AND STILL HOLD A GRUDGE AGAINST MY MOM FOR MAKING ME LISTEN TO THIS GARBAGE ! Its not that I hate folk music , I love folk music -LRB- I love all music -RRB- and lovely people like Judy Collins and even early stuff by the seegers but half of these songs are off key and its twangy and horrible training for any young ear . Let your kids listen to real music please and not stupid kiddy versions that if they have any intelligence they will know are beneath them . You are n't doing your children any favors by buying them this crap . I 'm sure there 's some redeeming value because some people like this but I just can not see it .
 1993 brought the first Tears For Fears album without Curt Smith , the classic `` Elemental '' . Also released in the same year was this solo effort from Curt . The single `` Calling Out '' is the highlight , with its sweeping string arrangement carrying the tune along nicely . A few spins and the melody is stuck in your head . Unfortunately the singles -LRB- `` Words '' was the second -RRB- and album tanked in the UK , resulting in the cancellation of its proposed US release . An advance promo cassette was issued in the US , but no commercial release followed . The album was released in Canada -LRB- a territory that has been special for Tears For Fears , with a number of exclusive releases -RRB- and was a success in Spain . But the project ultimately was a failure . TFF fans will be want to hear this , but it is more of a collectors item than anything else . The two Curt-less TFF albums -LRB- the other being the masterpiece `` Raoul and The Kings of Spain '' -RRB- are outright classics that leave this album in the dust . Curt himself hates the record , not a good indication of its quality .
 Zucchero IS the primary rock-pop-blues talent of Italy . This album DOES contain the magnificent duet w/Pavarotti -LRB- co-written by U2 's Bono -RRB- . And it does have a lot of fun and a lot of great melodies . That being said , Zucchero 's translators have done nothing but BUTCHER his haunting lyrics when turning them into something vaguely resembling English words , and when he sings a song exclusively in English , he sounds -- well , like an Italian man singing in English . Buy the Italian -LRB- or Spanish ! -RRB- versions of his work instead -- and the more recent , the better !
 A couple of covers , a couple of originals ... it 's not bad , but what was the point ? Not worth the effort really .
 this is n't a very good album it needs a lot of work in production , the rappers are just ok
 I have to agree w / those who find some fault with this recording . I was expecting much more in the way of `` Full House '' by Wes ... true jazz guitar , lots of original tunes , etc. . This album is OK , but it is cheesy . . . . strings , overly orchestral arrangements , etc. . If it 's a childhood favorite that 's one thing but do n't go in expecting great jazz . These tracks are almost all covers , inclulding Beatles tunes and pop hits like Windy .
 Man , this sounds like shopping mall music . In all cases Wes just plays the melodies with his patiented octave technique . No major improvisation . He 's completely drowned out with crappy strings etc. . . what a pile of crap . .
 It 's not surprising that there is a difference of opinion about this record . I mean if you 're going to sell out , you have to sell out to SOMEONE . If everyone recognized it for what it is , there would n't be an filthy lucre in it and no point to it.I disagree with one of the reviewers that anything that evokes the sixties in any way is necessarily good -LRB- and just because you happened to grow up in the sixties , as did I , does n't make the sixties inherently wonderful -RRB- . Hucksterism was as annoying then as it is now , in the naughts . I laughed the first time I heard the title track , but the joke was n't funny the second time . I do n't really think it 's a matter of live and let live , each to his own , there 's no accounting for taste , etc. . No , I think Muzak -LRB- and this IS Muzak -- with a different brand name -RRB- much more insidious , much more oppressive . It squelches art ; it smothers sensitivity ; it crushes culture .
 This CD could be the worst record of all time-I think it is a shame that so many WOMEN get recording contracts because they are pretty-I think something has been stinking in the record business for a long time-why does n't someone SCREAM at how great someone like Mary Lou Lord is ????
 This is the 4th Iron Savior album that I have and it will be that last . Iron Savior started out with a couple of strong albums but then the cracks started to appear.Dark Assault is just like each of their preceeding discs . The band has not progressed at all . The music is well done technically , but cold and uninviting.The greatest flaw ; however , is the drum-work -LRB- Thomen Stauch -RRB- . The same beat over and over and over -- this would n't be so bad except that it crosses over into their earlier albums making each album sound largely identical . It 's so bad that after a couple of listens , it 's difficult to not believe that Iron Savior is using a drum-machineExtremely poor drum-work seems to be a staple of many recent power metal bands , and Iron Savior , sadly , is no exception . Maybe they should hire Sir K Luttinen -LRB- The Black League -RRB- for an example of how to make the skins sound like an additional instrument instead of just the mindless banging put out by Stauch .
 Iron Savior started with a great concept , building a story through their music across 3 CDs ... but now the story is now long dead . I hoped that they would have started with a new one for this CD , but they 're just dragging it on and on and on ... This CD has some pretty amazing gutar work , but its just not enough to save the CD from its almost annoying lyrics and killed off concept.If Iron Savior rises again with a new story , I will be the first in line to buy it , but this CD , you can do without .
 is this cd 4 bucks ? yes . does it have ` unreased ' tracks from a7x ? yes . does it have a a7x music video ? yes . is is a good cd ? no . hopeless has thrown out old bands from previous hd2y , and what did they gain ? yellowcard clones , like amber pacific , melee , and stairwell . this definetly isnt a good thing . yeah its 4 bucks , but really the only thing worth it on this cd is the atom and his package song which is why a gave it 2 stars . but hey , some ppl disagree with me , and if you think its worth it to buy this for some wannabe pop bands , go right ahead .
 Well , I tried to endure the new era of Sepultura and I just ca n't anymore . Dante XXI is not their best with Derrick , I actually think NATION held that title . This new concept album by them based off of Dante 's Inferno is actually nothing great at all . With each new cd from them I always said , `` This one will be better '' but they never are , with the exception of NATION.This new cd is less than 40 minutes . It has 15 songs with 10 of them being non-instrumentals . And actually , some of the songs that actually have any singing at all are almost entirely instruments with very little singing to be had.I was so pumped to hear that Sepultura was going to do this concept album based on Inferno . I read some of the reviews saying it was a masterpiece in the vein of ROOTS . My expectations were high . I bought the cd and tried to listen to it multiple times . I tried to let it grow on me , but I 'm sorry , it has n't . It 's better than AGAINST , but no better than NATION or ROORBACK . This cd is a let down and I would n't be surprised if this was their last effort . Unfortunately their hearts just do n't really seem to be into it anymore and this cd really shows it . They tried to make it work with Derrick , but I feel there is nowhere else to go.I 've been a huge fan for 16 years now , but I 'm sorry to say , it 's time to end it boyz .
 I bought this after reading a few magazine articles hyping it up , and could n't be more disappointed . I was expecting something on par with Sepultura 's older material , like Chaos A.D. or Arise , or maybe even the new SoulFly CD Dark Ages , but I just could n't get into any of it . After a few days I tried listening to it again , figuring maybe I might find something I liked the second time through , but it just seemed `` blah '' . I gave it a third listen after a few more days , figuring `` hey , it 's Sepultura , there 's no way this could really be this dull '' and still just found it plain boring . There is n't a single track on the CD that really grabs me.Apparently other people liked it , or there would n't be any good reviews , but I did n't care for it at all . I like SoulFly 's new CD Dark Ages much better , and recommend getting that instead . It 's the only thing I play in the truck now .
 Este disco no es malao pero me parece una continuacion de lo que fue el sepulnation y el roorback ... es decir no le veo gran diferencia excepto por algunas que otras canciones -LRB- los intros -RRB- jaja ... en realidad sepultura es una de mis bandas preferidas ... pero a la entrada de derrick con '' Against '' definitivamente el tipo de musica en la banda cambio ... against me parece un buen disco , per los que vinieron despues ... mmmm Sepultura ?? ... no way ... hay que ver el dvd de sepultura en barcelona para darse cuenta que la fuerza vocal de derrick queda muy por debajo de la de max cavalera , yo aun pienso que llegara el dia que se unan con max y cuando ese dia llegue ... que no le quedenla menor duda del discaso que se vendra ... sepultura con derrick green no es sepultura para nada ... tenia nuevas especativas con este disco pero ... ya veo que es la continuacion de sus 2 anteriores ... osea no pasa nnada
 Is it that hard to find good vocalist ? This guys sucks donkey balls , plus all this hype went into this cd but it 's one boring cd with 3/4 unecessary intro 's . You want good heavy album that does stand out get SOULFLY `` Dark Ages '' .
 I bought this thinking it contained the original recordings , butwas I wrong ! I was deceived by the wording `` Original MusicorRecordings , '' but it 's not the Platters !
 Very poor recording . Sounds like it is muffled or filtered . Fortunetly most of these tracks are recorded correctly on the 2 CD set `` The Magic Touch '' . Skip this and go to `` The Magic Touch ''
 How anyone could rate this debacle above one star is beyond me . First of all , this is not the Grateful Dead that you hear playing all your favorite songs . This is a sad and withered remnant of the once great band . I love the Grateful Dead so I decided to buy this box set hoping that , although the shows are from the early 90s , that the band could still rock . Unfortunatly , I was wrong . Their playing is awful . Its sparse and sprinkled with lame synth garbage with whatever keys player they dredged up this time , it really does n't matter who . They play such classics -LRB- hint
 Some of the reviews of this CD are misleading . This CD is not just the sound of waterfalls -- the sounds are accompanied by music . Instruments include classical and folk guitars , pan flutes , bells , kalimba , soft horns , mallets , strings , and music box.I gave this CD a low rating because it was n't what I wanted and was n't what I thought I was getting , but it may be a fine CD if music accompanying sounds of nature is what you seek .
 I thoought I was getting a series of sounds . It 's just one sound all the time !
 Unfortunately it only has one track . I was disappointed . No Music .
 I thought I can save some money by purchasing this CD , but I was totally wrong . I got what I paid for - famous songs are listed but not sung by their famous singers and bands . It 's best to stick with ESPN 's Jock Rock and Jock Jams or even Greatest Sports Rock & Jams , if you are looking for quality sports CDs .
 I saw this cd at Media Play and bought it , thinking this cd was really good . Man was I wrong ! This cd is just some terrible modern artists trying to redo good songs . They do n't even sound anything like the original artists . This cd is not worth buying , no matter how cheap it is . Do yourself a favor and do n't even look at this album .
 My brother got this for me after I told him I wanted the Jock Rock CD . It was not what I wanted . There was a bunch of poorly done knock-offs of the big hits , not the original.After I played this CD for him , he went out and bought the real Jock Rock Album ...
 Horrible !! Not the original artists and so poorly done by whomever that it is glaringly obvious . Do not waste your money . If you want good sports music stick to ESPN series of CDs . This album is not worth the cost of postage .
 I bought this tape for someone and they reported to me that it played back all funny sounding , like the tape was stretching . I can not comment about the music itself as the tape was not for me . I am not much of a music critic anyway , but the tapes must have been made a long time ago on low quality tapes since playback is junk.I would look for it on CD or some other format that will survive time better .
 Well , I 'm writing this review AFTER I got my CD , and I 'm really unhappy . It says , right on the cover , `` All Original Recordings . '' Baloney . These are not the original recordings , but re-recordings done later . There are obvious differences in Thomas ' vocals , the instrumentation , etc. . Is it badly done ? Not necessarily . I suppose if you 're a die-hard B. J. Thomas fan you 'll find this a decent set of alternate recordings for your collection . But if you want the original songs you do not want this CD . My review and rating are based solely on this CD not being what it claims to be . For shame .
 These are NOT the original tracks that we all heard on the radio . They sound like primitive rehearsal tracks with marginal singing , bad orchestration , and different arrangements.Do Not Buy This CD -- or on second thought , please buy mine.Forrest
 &#34; B J Thomas . 22 Classic Tracks &#34; I was disappointed in this albumn . I bought it for the pop songs BJ did years ago that I always liked . But these are re-recordings and I do n't think he did nearly as good a job of singing them . I like the old recordings much better . I ca n't recommend this recording .
 This guy was Chicago 's answer to MC Hammer . He should have been arrested for making this CD . I liked him better when he was into House Music .
 i definately do n't like her ... THIS STYLE IS NOT 4 HER , Timbaland has made the wrong choice ... she should sing folk songs , not dance !!
 I loved Nelly with her album `` Whoa Nelly '' . What happened here ? It 's like she got more immature as she grew older and had a kid . These are definatly not mom like songs , more like slutty teenager songs .
 Most of the tracks are catchy , but the songs -LRB- especially All Good Things -RRB- are nonsense . Either it 's going over my head or they mean nothing at all to me .
 Was forced to give this one at least one star , -LRB- Amazon wo n't let you give less -RRB- . Awful album . Embarrassingly bad lyrics . Do n't torture yourself .
 Timbo 's future-shock sound that he 's been cranking out since 1997 is still here , this time applied to formerly folk-rock-esque Nelly Furtado . It 's enough of a shame that Timbo applied the same trick he 's been pulling to Nelly , and that she 's allowed herself to transform into some kind of disco queen -LRB- worst makeover since Jewel -RRB- , but the fact that `` Do It '' is stolen from a Finnish independent techno artist Tempest without credit seals the deal . Catchy , but nonetheless played out before it was ever released .
 `` All Good Things Come To An End '' typifies what is wrong with the pop music of at least the last decade . It is pure emoting ; there is no narrative , nothing is actually being said . The lyrics are vapid , and the theme is jejune at it best . I believe that every `` ballad '' that makes it to the radio waves today is the same absurdly repetitive material , save perhaps for a handful of Coldplay 's best.Certainly , this is music . But it is not good music . It 's 5 minutes are padded with the tiresome , incessantly recurrent chorus . Anyone with an ounce of worldly experience knows that flames are not necessarily `` good things '' , and when they `` end '' they ever become ` dust ' -LRB- try ` ash ' -RRB- . I felt more and more brainless as she moaned indolently into the mic , layered throughout with some guy 's foolhardy attempt at skilled falsetto and toward the end with her own shrieking.Those who believe that `` All Good Things Come To An End '' is an excellent track and worthy of praise are permanently afflicted by the mediocrity of taste also found in those who regularly prefer the flavor of a frozen turkey microwave dinner to the taste of a carefully basted and roasted one .
 I love the music , but I 'm sick of listening to pop music about sex . That 's all artists sing about as if this is all life is about . Weak lyrics is a sign of a weak and insecure artist .
 I remember the first time I heard Nelly , it was back in 1999/2000 . I am sad to see great musicians fold under the weight of the music industry . She sold-out big time and will never be the same . The album title is very appropriate as she is nothing more than American sex appeal and MTV . I miss the music ...
 This is the worst CD I 've heard in a long time.The music -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- is extremely repetitive . Program a drum machine and repeat the same three chords for the entire song . Quite a formula . Must be nice to have a major label behind you.Nelly has a nice voice though . I 'd advise her to dump her band and her song writer -LRB- s -RRB- .
 I was really looking forward to this cd after hearing `` promiscuous girl '' and `` te busque '' but was thoroughly disappointed . All of the other songs on the album swim in a sea of mediocrity . Do n't waste your money .
 She sold out and took the yo girl route . Too bad . Just like Jenny from the block . It 's garbage ...
 I retracted my negative review due to the fact that I did n't give the cd more time to sink in . I still think Nelly could of sounded better if she had less music around her . I continue to love your voice , Nelly !
 I bought this album because I loved the first single `` Promiscuous '' so much . The rest of the album is unfortunately quite blah . There do n't seem to be any other standout tracks other than `` Promiscuous '' . I like that she went in a different direction from her first two albums , but it just does n't click and most of the tracks are mediocre at best . I 'd recommend just downloading one or two songs on I-Tunes and avoid wasting money on the entire album .
 Poor Ms. Furtado ca n't seem to come close to her `` Whoa , Nelly '' CD . I found this CD to be mostly boring , and do not recommend it .
 it is no surprise they 're selling copies for one penny . i have heard her singles off of this album on the radio and basically she has no sound of her own . you hear her song and it 's like , `` is this the black eyed peas ? or is it britney ? or maybe j-lo ? '' this is the type of ca ca that the suits at the major record labels are pushing on our gullible teeny bopper , the most gullible , undiscerning music listener , and pass this crap off as good music ! this is what i cal `` EAR DIARREAH '' . TRUST ME if you 're interested in hearing real music that involves innovation and true artistry , THIS ISN `` T IT . this is record company , money making crap that is all about image and has nothing to do with music as an art form.it 's all about peddling crappy music to teeny boppers who do n't know better or individuals with poor musical taste that buy into all the garbage music played on top 40 radio . . amen ...
 Her first album was brilliant ! Here comes a pretty and eccentric young lass with an unusual vocal talent , surprisingly profound lyrics that she wrote and some bizarre yet catchy and exotic music . I was delighted to find that her second album , though it was n't as fresh and polished as her first , she was taking her unique style of music to another level . She incorporated new instrumental elements and the album overall came across soft , mature and bittersweet . Now , with her third album - she has taken two major steps backwards . Gone are her tradmark exotic sound samples , textures and creative beats . It seems she 's sacrificed her originality for something more commercial . Commercial does n't necessarily always mean ` cheap and conformist ' - but in this case it 's borderline . The only thing saving her is her voice , sense of humour and adventure and the fact that beneath this new-found sex-appeal she is n't completely one-dimensional like so many other poptarts who project an image of skankiness . I see this as Nelly 's desperate attempt to win-over new fans and become popular because her last album was quite low-profile . Still , in the process , I think it 's a shame she needs to dumb herself down to do so because her true loyal fans liked her already because of her intelligence and substance . There 's definitely soul lacking in these tracks . The only good ones that showcase some true classic-Nelly talent are : Afraid.Say It Right.Tu Busque.All Good Things .
 I bought this album cuz it was on sale for $ 7 bucks . It ONLY has 3 good tracks
 I fell in love with her two first albums , and when I saw she was coming out with her new album LOOSE ... I just could not wait to purchase it . Now that I have it ... I wish I would have never got it . Nelly darling you need to go back to your roots . I give this album a two thumbs down !
 I love nelly furtado , honestly i do , but somewhere along her journey to making this album something very drastic happened . she missed her way , the album is as unforthcoming as possible . it sucks big time !!! , i bought it and now im giving it away . no words can truly describe how bad this album is . please save ur money and buy something more useful ...
 The music business did . Nellie Furtado is gorgeous , always has been , but I used to respect her music . The industry did the same thing to her as they did to Jewel . They took a fresh , folky act and transformed her into an electronic joke made to sound like everyone else with a top 40 record . That is a shame because she has a great deal of talent . Put her with Timberland and surprise , she 's like Fergie and every other fake artist in the game . I know you 're asking me what I know about the game . I have n't had many top 40 hits in my life , in fact I have n't had any , but I front some of the best cover bands in southeast Nebraska . My band is called Blisterpuss -LRB- the last part is pronounced like bus , but with a `` p '' -RRB- . We do covers of bands like Dishwalla , Counting Crows and Live . People in the business have told us we need to be more like 98 degrees or Justin Timberlake if we are ever going to play venues like North Platte or Hamburg , Iowa . Granted , it 's tempting to sell out to play places that bring in crowds over 100 , but if we did that could we live with ourselves ? Jabs might be able to because he seems destined for bigger things since he plays drums and bass guitar at the same time , but the rest of us do n't want to compromise what makes us who we are . Sure , we could cover Hasselhoff and win crowds over in a heartbeat , but Hasselhoff 's music is in a holy place we are not allowed to touch . So we crank out what we know and fans are all up on us.If Nellie would get back to her roots , she would probably sleep better at night than she does now . She 'd probably also get back to enjoying things she liked when she was a folk princess , like sausage pizza rolls . I bet she does n't even eat them anymore . Sellout .
 The cd cover of mine came broke . I 'm a tad upset about it but it 's not bad enough to ask for a refund.good cd though
 I 've been a big fan of Nelly Furtado since her first album . It took me a bit to like her latest single , `` Promiscuous '' . But the more and more I listen to it , I started to like Nelly 's new direction and could n't wait for the new album . I bought it the first day it was made available.After listening her album , I found out that `` Promiscuous '' is not representative of the rest of the album . Also equally disappointing is that her Portuguese roots are gone - she instead opted to sing in Spanish -LRB- is this the record company 's doing ? -RRB- None of the songs have the magic of `` I 'm like a bird . '' and her focus has shifted from Pop music of her earlier two albums to Hip-Hop . If you are a big fan of Hip-hop music , I would say buy this album - you 'll probably enjoy it . However , if you were a big fan of Nelly Furtado 's earlier work , save your money .
 Boy , am I glad I rented this from my library before wasting money buying it . You are probably interested in this cd because of track 3 - WHICH IS THE ONLY HOT SONG on the album . The rest are slow , boring , or both - I just ca n't believe Nelly put together such a weak album , and I am very dissapointed . In fact , if this had been my first introduction to Nelly as an artist , I would n't dream of listening to her earlier albums and would have missed the F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S Whoa Nelly -LRB- which I own and play to death -RRB- . Even J-Lo 's albums have more good songs than Loose ! Harsh , I know , but heed my words before buying this on impulse - you will regret it . Download track 3 and wait until Nelly hopefully finds the beat again on her next album , whenever that will be .
 What once was a promising young singer downplaying her beauty while focusing on a unique music style has now turned into the latest artist to sell out for bigger sales . Whether it was Nelly 's choice or her record label disappointed with sales of her second CD `` Folklore '' , `` Loose '' is an obvious attempt to restart her career by signing on with producers and stars that can get her music on the radio . The songs on `` Loose '' could just as easily be sung by J-Lo , Janet Jackson or any other generic voice lost in the beat . And Nelly makes sure her beauty is in obvious view for all to see . Lots of fans raving about this CD admit they never bought her prior CDs . For those of us that did , `` Loose '' is a major disappointment and sell-out .
 Very disappointing CD , after two excellent and unique previous two albums . Let 's hope that after the `` Loose '' fiasco Nelly will dump her current shallow co-producers and return to her original style and wo n't compromise again her artistic creativity to produce another boring mass market set .
 I recently saw a cell phone commercial and thought that the music playing was the Black Eyed Peas . To my horror , I looked up and saw Nelly Furtado 's name on the screen.Her first two albums are absolutely amazing , so I know it is n't a matter of lack of talent . I can only blame The Recording Industry -LRB- tm -RRB- for this atrocity.If you did n't like Whoa Nelly ! and Folklore , but love the Black Eyed Peas -LRB- as sadly , the majority of the brainwashed masses do -RRB- then buy this album .
 sine Nelly Furtado 's last album basically went Reynolds Wrap here in the states the Record Company was like we got ta get you some grooves , lets get Timberland . Timberland during the mid to late 90 's hit his peak as a Beat-Maker , but never really added anything to himself beyond beats & he eventually fell out of Groove . Nelly Furtado is now forced to play catch up with Gwen Stefani in a attempt at a Accessible sound & style that while has a minute or two coolness , loses it 's appeal rather sooner than later . vocally she is a lightweight . her best attempts at coming back are on places where Timberland ca n't be found.this is only her 3rd release & the record company already is pushing her to being a Gwen Stefani Clone . the irony is that Nelly is more comfortable in this style than what I heard on Gwen 's Solo Album , but on the real neither album made much of a impression on me on a whole .
 I love nelly furtardo . Her first 2 cd where great ... but this one I have listen to it many times its just not Nelly ... I think she wanted to copy Madonna last cd and she failed at it ...
 It 's more grown up than her previous albums in bad way . I ca n't play a few of the songs with my kids around . While the inappropriate songs may be catchy , it 's disappointing that they had to be so `` give it to me '' . It 's also missing the `` rap/yodeling/soul '' stuff that made me like her so much in the first album .
 I loved Nelly Furtado 's cd Folklore . But what I used to love about Nelly Furtado was that she prided herself in her music ... not bumping and grinding with Justin Timberlake . Why does nearly every single famous female feel the need to suddenly become a sex image ? She 's a gorgeous girl and she does n't need to sport a baby tee to prove it . For that reason alone , I ca n't see myself purchasing her cd despite her talent in music .
 I saw Nelly Furtado as a fresh new artist her last CD . I borrowed it from my niece and I was looking forward to her new CD . I 've only listened to it once then offered it to my niece . She did n't want it .
 When I first heard `` Promiscuous '' , I was shocked . But after a few more spins , it became perfectly clear . This is Nelly 's last gasp at mainstream success . `` Folklore '' was one of my top 5 albums of 2003 . It was beautiful , complex and deep without being too hard to grasp . Which was a welcomed suprise , because I expected it to be what this is . Unfortunately , it was also a commercial flop . With tons of cash invested , industry bigwigs went into a state of panic . How do we try to make our money back ? By forcing the hand of an amazing and unique artist to come up with something `` catchy '' and `` fun '' and `` cool '' . Or they 'll promptly drop her . And what 's more `` cool '' than riding the Gwen Stefani quasi-hip hop bandwagon ? Nothing , apparently . It 's unfortunate because this is the antithesis of `` Folklore '' . This is just callous and emotionless ; generic and safe . This is simpleton music for simpleton people . There is no way I can believe that this record is something Nelly Furtado wanted to do.So , with that said , I forsee one of two things happening : A -RRB- This record blows up well beyond expectation , bringing Nelly Furtado to heights she 's never been . In which case , you can kiss Nelly Furtado-the real artist from `` Whoa , Nelly '' and `` Folklore '' - goodbye.ORB -RRB- This record will tank so bad that the label will drop her , she 'll sign with a good major-indie , and go back to writing the high quality , thoughtful and emotive music we all know she is capable of.We can only hope for option B.
 I fell in love with the sound of Nelly Furtado , when I first heard Turn Out The Light , and continued to be captivated by follow up tunes such as , Like A Bird . I can tell you from my review of Loose , gone are the interesting , fresh , original , and nicely-quirky stylings of Nelly ; only to be replaced by basically two quite opposite and -LRB- to this listener -RRB- unappealing genres . Other than the minor-hit All Good Things ~ Come To An End , I found nothing captivating whatsoever . Even this half-decent song has much MUCH better versions available on-line . For the most part , this CD is all down and sold out with the mass-produced music of the wannbe `` hood . '' Yo -- Let 's all get a guest gift-rapper for some street-cred ... Gim me a break ! Is this really what Nelly Furtado fans are looking for ... Really ? And , tagging on the final so-called bonus track en espanol , popped up completely out of place and had me tilting my head saying , `` Eh-Porque ? '' This listener did n't get it . I know Nelly has released CDs with lyrics in Spanish , and she 's in-deed moving on the Latin-charts . I respect that , as her Latin music is good and should appeal to that market . But , what taste is she going for on this Loose CD ... ? latin...hip-hop ... pop....Nelly-billy ??? To me , this CD is a hodge-podge of genres ; like a brand new artist who 's struggling to find their niche . Reminded me of some weak compilation of various studio audition tapes . I would have thought she had locked in her sound by now , but it appears there is no direction and she 's still looking ... I 'm afraid I wo n't be looking -LRB- or listening -RRB- until she gets it together on a track that I can once again appreciate.As many other reviewers have said , save your money from the CD purchase and cherry-pick the song/s you like from other on-line sources . Definately do n't drop the full price for this CD !
 This CD is a great example of what happens when good musicians meet record companies with tanking sales
 Crudites - you know , those slivers of vegetable that you dunk into various dips ? They 're great finger food , they 're appetisers to keep you occupied until the meal arrives.This album is full of crudites - stuff that is in some way entertaining to listen to , but it all left me wondering when the * real * music was going to arrive . I can understand how people like this stuff - crudites can be very tasty -LRB- sweet , sweet carrots , beautifully crunchy cauliflower -RRB- , but not very filling . `` Promiscuous '' really sets the tone for the album for me - an attempt to appeal to popular taste without any thought for moral or artistic integrity .
 I noticed that neither here nor at CD universe could I listen to samples of this CD . I 'm pretty sure it 's because it 's SOOOOOO different . I managed to hear good samples at Barnes and Knobles and I could tell immediately I hated this CD . Too bad for me . Her first CDs were so unique , wonderfully melodic catchy songs , so refreshing . All I can imagine is her record company wanted to see something much different , thinking maybe sales would climb . I have no idea . But the artist on those first two CD 's is nowhere to be found here . Not that this is bad . I have no idea . It 's certainly nothing I care for though . Be cautious , that 's all I 'm saying . This is probably not what you think it is if you are a fan from her previous work .
 Once upon a time in the not-so-distant past , there lived a young woman named Nelly Furtado who was earnest and tried to make honest music . She had success with one album , but the public soon lost interest . The young woman had a choice . She could maintain her integrity , continue to make honest music and make only a small amount of money . She could sell out , act like the other pop tarts and sing about sex to inane beats . She decided to sing like a tart . She had a big hit singing about sex . She lost her soul , but sold a lot of records that made a lot of money . The moral of this story is that it pays to be immoral . The moral of this story is that pop music is painfully boring and uses sex to make up for an absence of talent . Whoops . I thought that this was going to have a fairy tale kind of ending , something you might want to read to your kids at night . Sorry about that . Really sorry .
 I did not even bother buying this album after I heard Promiscuous on the radio . While it 's a great album to dance to , and other songs on it , like Maneater and Say It Right , are infectious , this album was a disappointment to me . I was so excited when I heard that Nelly 's third album was coming out , but what a let down when it finally was released ! It sounds just like the garbage every other female pop vocalist is putting out . I own and love BOTH of Nelly 's previous CDs because they are ORIGINAL , quirky and down-to-earth . I feel like with this third album we 're seeing a trumped up , glossed over version of Nelly
 WARNING
 After the near brilliance of FOLKLORE , LOOSE comes as a shocking disappointment.There is no unifying theme or style to LOOSE -LRB- which is most probably the inspiration for its title -RRB- . The tracks are strung together with a tediously similar beat , and each begins with an amateurish group chat or giggle . Were it not for the addition of Te Busque , a collaboration with JUANES , this cd would be a complete waste of time .
 I have been a huge Nelly Furtado fan ever since the beginning . Nelly was an admirable individual until Promiscuous came out . I know every single word to all of the songs on her first two albums which I own and have purchased more than once due to overplaying them . I heard 30 seconds of Promiscuous and was really upset . I didnt buy it or the cd , and do not plan to . I think the new image Nelly is putting out is terrible . The role model for girls has disappeared . I am truly disapointed ...
 I have always been a fan of Nelly Furtado 's music and have enjoyed her previous albums . I really like `` say it right '' when I first heard it sometime ago , but thought that the radio station had a problem because the song was badly distorted on the bass and was clipping . But then I started hearing the same distortion on other copies and have found out that was the way it was `` intentionally '' recorded . Sorry , but to me that just ruined the song and left me wanting to hear the song the way it was really being performed in the studio before they botched it up in the mixing console . I am glad I found out this information before I bought the CD -LRB- which I almost did , but would have taken it back -RRB- . It is sad to me that this is considered a good thing to do to this song and others . I guess this will be the only CD of her 's that I will not be purchasing .
 This is what happens when artists get too ambitious , ohh man i 'm gon na miss the old Nelly .
 I gave this a chance and my only comment is , I wanted to be like a bird so I could fly away , I do n't know where her talent is ...
 Where did Nelly go?Come back to the fanbase that loves you ! You 're a folk artist ; not a hip-hop/r & b ; sellout .
 This Cd is not That good But She tried She should just stick to pop music.The only song that is good is Premiscous other than that . But the other songs have okay beats , She Should have done better but As long as she like it its cool .
 There are millions of pretty to average looking young girls out there who think they can sing , but in reality they ca n't . How did Nelly Furtado get so lucky ? Even though `` Loosed '' was heavily produced by Timbaland , it 's still lame . A weak , warbly voice being drowned by the heavy sounds of a beat machine . You can tell that Nelly is a Gwen Stefani fan because that 's who she often attempts to copy when it comes to vocals and musical style . Nelly ca n't sing and she ca n't rap either . I saw her performing on the show `` So You Think You Can Dance '' last week and she , along with Timbaland , both looked like pieces of cardboard on stage . So add ` no stage presence ' to the list . Supposedly Nelly can play a few instruments , but I heard very few instruments being played . Anyway , there 's nothing special about this CD . This will be forgotten like a hot dog and macaroni & cheese dinner at the end of the month . Skip it !
 For the most part I love Nelly Furtado . But , this album has only 2 really good songs . They are `` Maneater '' & `` Promiscuos '' . The rest of the album fell flat . There 's some talk in the beginning of some songs and at the end . I know some artists think by adding their personal touch of talking will entice others to love their project even more . I guess in the end , Nelly 's album ended up like all the others . They entice us with 1 or 2 cover songs and then they hope we wo n't mind all the other bad songs . If you like Nelly Furtado but only want to own good songs , buy the singles which will have the remixes . If you have a lot of money and do n't mind wasting it , go ahead and pick up this album . I think I just made a mistake and bought this album without sampling the whole thing . That 's why I gave it 2 stars . Someday I will learn.A music fan
 . . so that you can buy only the track -LRB- s -RRB- that you like . The only song worth listening and stands out so high above the other promiscuous hip-hop noise in this album is `` All Good Things -LRB- Come to An End -RRB- , thanks to Chris Martin of Coldplay.We do n't need another promiscuous latina-inspired singer a-la Shakira . One is too many already .
 Have you ever bought a CD so good that you ca n't take it out of your CD player for about a month ? Well , this is not that CD -LRB- for all you hardcore Nelly fans -RRB- . I must 've made a mistake , I thought I bought Nelly Furtado , not Nelly . Not only is the album a flop but the feeble attempt to perform these songs live have outstandingly failed , EVERY time . Please Mizz Nelly send me my money back.WHERE IS NELLY FURTADO AND WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HER ??!!!
 I expected this album to be much better than it really was . I attribute the rating of this album mostly to the production . It seems as if the songwriters and producers put as little work as possible into this one as was required to get a paycheck . With the exception of a couple songs , I will be much more careful about which whole albums I will buy again . I loved Nelly Furtado 's first two albums , but this one just did n't do it . The soul is gone . The producers here are hoping that the sound of a couple analog synthesizers will put substance into this album and they are just dead wrong . The albums here are maturing backwards ... listen to all the tracks before you buy .
 Download the 1st & maybe 3rd song . The rest are weak . : - -LRB-
 This CD does not contain the original recordings . It 's too bad , becase the song list is good . I have since discovered that this particular company `` Excelsior '' has several oldies compliations and they are all NEW recordings by the original artists , so beware . I do not recommend them if you are looking for the ORIGINAL recordings .
 The music is not by the original artist . Like buying bad Karioke . Very misleading .
 Not only is this not the original recordings , its not the original artist ! The group is called The House Of Fun All-Stars which is -LRB- 1 -RRB- group not various Amazon !
 I CAN NOT believe I did not read the reviews prior to buying this crappy CD . I am quite irritated that I wasted my money to buy it , my time to listen to it and my electricity to run my CD player . It 's not that the artists are bad ... well actually they were bad -LRB- very bad -RRB- . I wanted to hear the original artists . If I wanted to hear someone scream through the songs I would have given my children the lyrics during a car trip . I will buy from Amazon again ... but I read all the reviews first .
 The CD was not very good . The various artists left something to be desired .
 Freak City Soundtrack finds our Chicago lads getting a little too close to their Marshall stacks - The Jesus & Mary Chain would be jealous of the feedback that permeates this record.For those who thought International Pop Overthrow was a little too candy-coated , you 'll definitely get your fill of crunchy guitars on this one.The late Jim Ellison does a great job of taking the pi ** out of `` guitar gods '' with his one-note solo during `` Help Me Land . `` Still , I 'd try IPO or DU -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- before FCS . Why these MI CDs go out of print in under five years while record companies continue to churn out copies of fossils like `` The Best Of Cat Stevens '' is beyond me .
 I 'm all for giving local bands a chance and that 's exactly what State of Being is , a local Cleveland band . And that 's about as far as SOB is ever going to get by writing songs like this . If you enjoy thin sounding music created with Casio keyboards and lyrics that are reminiscent of sixth grade theatrics , then you 'll more than likely enjoy the tracks on this disc . I had a problem just getting past the weak and monotone vocals.This disc did absolutely nothing for me . Other than make me wish that I were deaf.On a positive note , the lead singer is kinda cute .
 This is a great Donovan album . Five stars . The one star is for funrec-us . The copies being offered by funrec-us are not the 1965 Hickory release of Donovan 's Catch The Wind , as shown here . Their LPs are the 1971 Hallmark release . I let them know this -- apparently they do n't care and continue to falsely represent this product .
 I 'm sorry , there is something very sick about this CD . These kids have absolutely no talent and sing about things like insects stealing your food . Whoever created this CD has made a mockery of `` mentally challenged '' kids everywhere . I tried as hard as I could not to laugh at this , but ... I 'm afraid it 's impossible
 Why was this CD released and why is it still available , 13 years on ? It ca n't be a ` triumph of the human spirit ' story , or a lesson in ` you can do anything you want . ' Part of the CD 's notoriety and sales must be in the novelty of hearing severely disabled children sing badly to very slick pop arrangements . A freakshow.This is unfortunate , but really , the producers/arrangers should have seen it coming . If the songs had been purely created by the disabled students and their music teachers and then recorded in the same spirit , we might have had something both touching and beautiful , along the lines of the truly special `` Langley Schools Music Project '' album . That available CD captures a Canadian music class as they were , as they sang , on their terms . If this CD had been recorded acappela or with simple in-room instruments , this might have worked just as well . But the Michael Jackson-esque/hi-tech production clashes with the -LRB- charitably -RRB- quaint vocals , smashing any beauty to be found.The liner notes mention that the students involved provided many ideas for this CD , and that their behavioral problems decreased as they took part in the joy of creating music . I do n't doubt this - it 's a wonderful result . But it is too bad that the CD result is such a bad stew of slick/dumb production matched with children who could never control their own destiny . The results here may not be exploitation , but why do they feel that way?Perhaps you had to be there . Is this worth hearing ?
 A bunch of -LRB- ... -RRB- singing songs . Anybody who says that 's not funny is obviously lying . This is the most hilarious album to come out in years ! Way to go , kids !
 What a wonderful CD . I really like the song New Car and 65 Years Old . I like to dance to New Car in my room . Mirror Mirror on the wall baby . I just ca n't get enough of this stuff . I want MORE . Please make more albums . Please ? For me ? D Schmidt from Nebraska is also a great fan . D Smith from Detroit loves it too . Does anybody know if they are still together and if they play live at all ? Please let us know .
 I have to say that I do n't feel I need to say this music is good because these kids are retarded . I laugh every time i listen to this . I feel bad for the people with normal mentality who produce it and play the instruments for these kids . HILARIOUS . All the people who say its good are probably just a bunch of single white females with no lives who complain about everything and blame violence on t.v and video games.This CD sucks . But it gets me laughing
 Fun fun fun eee . It 's a kewl CD if you like funny stuff . they do good singing and stuff Primary reinforcement is probly the funnest
 Someone decided that a bunch of cognitvely disabled kids with speech difficulties singing to generic psudo-pop would make a good album ... It does n't .
 It just was n't good i do better sometimes it was funny though so maybe it 's worth buyin you know !
 If you are looking for PIANO versions of these songs , DO NOT BUY THIS COLLECTION ! Sure the songs have piano , but also drums , saxophone , violins , - an entire orchestra ! The point is , this is not just piano . The title is misleading . Another thing I do not like about the songs is they are highly `` stylized '' . If you want simple , straight-forward , traditional versions of these songs , this set is not for you . I do not recommend this set .
 Che was nothing other than a self absorbed communist who used the safety , and desperation , of people to serve his self absorbed existance , all while using the people 's welfare to serve himself ! Look as stupid as he was , and wear his propganda it 'll keep your empty skull from getting chilly !
 Be sure to wear this Beanie with picture of a murderous sociopath ideologue on it to loudly proclaim your ignorance of `` history '' and the complete absence of grey matter in your cranium .
 I was introduced to Mark De Clive-Lowe through his Shirley Horne remix on the first _ Verve Remixed _ album , and I was eager to hear his own work . And while _ Tide 's Arising _ has a polished sheen to it , I was slightly disappointed . Certainly , the broken beats on the album are crisp and quick and the production quality is strong , but I do n't feel he 's breaking much new ground here . The rapid fire vocals on `` Traveling '' and `` State of the Mental '' sound too similar ; the grindy R&B on `` Quintessential '' and `` Heaven '' pleasantly fall by the wayside . As well , some of the shorter instrumentals sound too contemporary adult -LRB- `` Pino + Mashi , '' `` Masina 's World '' -RRB- . The staccato flavors of `` Syndrome , '' however , do help set that track apart , but I 'm afraid the listener 's interest is too apt to come and go like the tide .
 to get a good quality , single-disc collection of the original recordings of some of Merle Haggard 's greatest music , `` 20 Greatest Hits '' on the Capitol/EMI label is good , as is the budget cd `` Best of the Best '' also on Capitol -LRB- avoid similarly titled releases on different labels -RRB- ... to really do Merle Haggard 's legacy justice , easily the best single purchase currently available is the multi-label box set compilation called `` Down Every Road ''
 Well ... I am listening to this performance on naxos right now , and I am getting dizzy ... . Every single phrase is pregnant with crescendos and rubatos ... Sorry ... Nothing else to add ... Gave one star for fingers as always ... or for effort I guess : -RRB-
 it was awefully done and the spice girls stink
 for girls who possibly like junk . for guys who cant get a girlfriend
 I really wanted to give it a 0 rating , but the review guidelines require at least a 1 . I am sorry I wasted the money and listening time on this 3-set CD . I have listened to all tracks of these redundant and monotonous , rerecorded tunes most of which are poorly executed by the `` various '' artists . I will now toss it in the `` who cares '' file and hopefully never have to listen to it again . I have most of these tunes on one CD or another by `` good artists '' . Sorry , but I just find no redeeming listening value here . Good enough for elevators I suppose . Anybody want to buy a 3-CD set of worn out songs barely used ?
 I bought this CD to listen to the sound or rain and thunderstorms . You can hardly hear the rain and thunderstorms for the much louder and very poor overlay of very poor music .
 This is NOT what I expected at all . I simply wanted a cd with the sounds of a rain storm ... that 's it . I did n't expect to get some cheesy music played very poorly . You can barely hear the rain over the music . The CD states that it 's `` Rain Storms
 I was very disappointed in this CD . I did not expect a guitar in the foreground . If I wanted guitar music I would have ordered that ! I just wanted sounds so I could create an atmosphere for myself .
 Had this been all rain - like advertised -LRB- nowhere does it say music -RRB- , my rating would have been much better . Ugh , ugh , ugh on the music . This is a MUSIC CD , not a rain strom CD .
 First , let me say I 'm a Dylan fan . Second , let me say this album stinks . Dylan is near his nasally , incomphensible worst here . It 's a chore getting through this album . I listened to this once and then gave it to a co-worker . The only thing saving this from one-stardom is his excellent band , led by ex-Stone Mick Taylor , and some great work -LRB- there 's a shock -RRB- from guest Carlos Santana . Unless you 're a Dylan completist , take a pass .
 In addition to a perfectly dreadful rewrite of `` Tangled Up In Blue , '' this perfunctory live album recorded in Italy was Dylan 's first step in the wrongheaded direction he would follow for most of the next five years . He was on his way to becoming an oldies act , performing the most obvious selections from his 60 's songbook and ignoring his mostly fine , but underrated , work from the 70s and 80s . `` Ballad of a Thin Man '' and `` Maggie 's Farm '' are back for their third appearances on a live disc , but whereas both were given dramatic re-readings on the the `` Budokon '' set from six years earlier , this time Dylan performs them on automatic pilot . A couple of tracks from the previous year 's `` Infidels '' album could have livened things up a bit , but unfortunately , the two Dylan chose are `` I and I '' and `` License to Kill , '' neither of which provided that 1983 disc with its best moments.There 's nothing especially bad here , but there 's nothing special either . This is a souvenier for those who attended the concerts , and a document for die-hard fans who did n't .
 I wouldnt recommend this one even to Dylan Fans . The sound is terrible , and Dylan voice is at his most nasal . Mick Taylor sounds good , Santana plays in the last song , but basically there are many other live albums better than this one . The acoustic set is maybe the best from the set . But then again , the sound spoils the listening experience . I spent the first 3 songs trying to adjust my stereo trying to get the best sound and by the fourth I just gave up . Its a 3 star record but Ill give it a 2 just for that .
 This is not a very good live album . The sound quality is not too good and performance is not too exciting except for some nice guitar solos . It has 10 songs ranging from 4 to 6 minutes long . The total lenght of the CD is 52 minutes.The sound quality is not very good . It is loud and noisy . The audience chatter is way too high in many spots . You can actually pick out some talking in the back ground.This is one of Dylan 's lesser performances . His singing is particularly annoying . He vocals are very affected . He sounds like one of those comedians who do a bad imitation of Dylan with the over exaggerated accent.The back up band is not very good and renditions of the songs are not anything new or special.The only thing that makes this CD worthwhile are some amazing guitar solos on 4 of the tracks . And no wonder ... the guitarist is Mick Taylor , of Rolling Stones and Gong fame . But , the guitar playing is not enough to recommend this CD.This is Dylan 's second worst CD . His worst is Dylan and Dead .
 Dylan 's 9,975,232 nd live album in two years and , you know what ? , `` Maggie 's Farm '' and `` Ballad of a Thin Man '' still have n't lost their bite !!! No , really . I 'm not kidding . I really mean it ! Really ! I 'm serious . This guy 's so good and his songs are so good that you just never get tired of him . No , really . I 'm serious , he really is ...
 Was not a pleased with this as I 'd hoped . . had a very short version of `` Big Country '' without the wonderful drum solo at the beginning . I wound up purchasing the original `` Big Country '' CD instead and have since sold this one to someone else .
 In the days when I listened only to hits from the 1980s , it was natural that I would want to hear Big Country , whose hit `` In A Big Country '' was one of the most played songs from my childhood.However , that relatively melodic piece , which seemed to epitomise my native Australia if by no means through intent , was ecstatic compared to the rest of the material on this compilation . Just about every song - even the power ballad `` Chance '' - appears to sound the same . Based around loud guitars and dance beats , Stuart Adamson and Bruce Watson succeed only in turning daceable pop into unpleasant , loud , tuneless noise . The way the band claims to make guitars sound like bagpipes is quite interesting on the title tune , but the rest of the songs are so loud that Big Country could never have pretentions to be an `` art '' band.Even the song `` Broken Heart -LRB- Thirteen Valleys -RRB- '' which begins soft enough to have some really serious feeling and depth to it , descends into the shallow , loud guitar noise that typifies so many songs Big Country produced during the 1980s . There seem to be no distinct parts to the songs , certainly no changes of mood or feeling . The result is that Big Country 's music , for the most part , must be seen as perhaps the worst earache I have ever tried to inflict upon myself . The last part of the slow `` Chance '' really is exactly the same in content , even concept , as such a slushy ballad as `` Everything I Do , I Do It For You '' . This albums should be a warning to anybody who thinks they can get away with buying something knowing only one song . Unless you like hard rock , avoid this .
 This album features some great music from an extraordinary band ... Unfortunately it suffers from terrible remastering . Straying far from Big Country 's trademark bass-heavy , echoey , drum-heavy mix -LRB- listen to the Crossing & Seer -RRB- , the engineer on this reissue leans more for a brittle , clean , dry , highly treble sound that is altogether displeasing & far from Big Country 's original vision . I recommend instead purchasing the reissue of `` The Crossing '' which has been masterfully remastered AND includes several stunning bonus tracks that date from Big Country 's early & most prolific era !
 I heard the music of Catherine Wheel on an alternative radio station and liked it . But when I learned what a `` Catherine Wheel '' is , I discontinued listening and will not further listen . I can not abide the idea that a musical band would name themselves after among the most hideous instruments of public torture and death in human history.Think about it -- somebody had to formulate the name and decide that of a billion choices of word pairings connoting ideas , this was the one they wanted on their masthead . I wo n't listen to their music , anymore than I would listen to death metal . At some point we have to see the big picture in these things .
 This is nothing but the same old psychobabble that they have been putting out for 13 years now . Ca n't someone come up with something new ?
 not very good , same boring music over and over again , too depressing .
 heres my feelings about tiger army . first album rocks ,2 nd album song structures-lyrics-and music getting repetitive plus the addition of mister 13 's new davey havock voice plus plus the addition of said moron himself , and this their third album besides 2 or 3 songs royaly sucks psycho dung . nick 13 does n't dare call this ` band ' `` psychobilly '' does he ? cause tiger army has morphed into a watered down version of it 's former self . another intro -LRB- yawn -RRB- , more ballads about lost love -LRB- double yawn -RRB- and yes more self indulgent crap about tiger army never dying . please die ... please ? the addition of some of the worlds most boring drumming doesnt help . anyway 's , stay clear of this homogenized commercial sounding hellcat records garbage . if you wan na ' hear tiger army rock buy the first album or the early years e.p. besides that it ` sboring .
 These guys sound pretty good , but they need to lose the kazoo player .
 I like a lot of Keith Jarrett 's music and the music on this CD is great -- UNTIL you hear Mr. Jarrett start bleating out off-key humming/singing , which ruined the CD for me and made me dump it off my ipod . Sometimes it 's not too audible , but once I noticed it I could n't focus on the music anymore . Too bad -- be forewarned . Wish I had taken the reviewers ' comments more seriously -LRB- instead I went by the glowing 5-star review from the All Music Guide to Jazz -RRB- .
 I have about 8 Keith Jarrett cds , so let 's get that established right away . He is a genius , no question -- probably one of the best piano players to have ever drawn breath or touched key . I can deal with his peculiar version of Tourette 's syndrome -LRB- my half tongue-in-cheek diagnosis -RRB- on most albums -LRB- ` scat singing ' someone called it ? uh ----- yeah -RRB- -- but not on this one . I just tried again and kept skipping to the next track until there were no more next tracks . The music ca n't compete with that idiotic noise . I 'm tossing this cd .
 I wanted a vinyl and was thrilled at how cheap I would be able to get it for , but alas I was sent a CD copy . My money was refunded and I was given the cd as well ... but I still just wanted the vinyl .
 This CD just about drove me nuts . I understand that rain is to be expected in a rainforest , but after listening to this recording my pets were lining up two-by-two . This CD is for you if you love a long rain and dripping sounds . I hated it ; it was monotonous and I could swear that there were portions that were repeated because the person recording it had to fill up some space and nothing was available.Save your money !
 Was looking for sounds of Nature , not annoying guitar music . Can barely hear the Rainforest behind the sounds of the plinking guitar . Does anyone sell just the sounds of rain , breezes , birds and animals ? This CD is the perfect example of man 's intrusion on nature .
 I 've been into blues for about two years , have seen a dozen live blues concerts and have about 20 blues cds , so I am not a complete novice with regard to this genre , but I am no expert either . I understand that the deep reverence blues fans have for BB King arises from his contributions to this genre of music and his fame that has made blues a popular artform , but it was n't apparent to me after listening to this album . To be fair , I will give two reviews for this cd , one for the blues novice , one for my estimate of the typical BB King fan.First , for people who have grown up on rock , worshipped rock guitarists , and recently become interested in blues through such guitar-oriented artists as Kenny Wayne Shepard , Johnny Lang , Indigenous , SRV , Hendrix , Susan Tedeschi , etc. . . -LRB- the ordering of that list is certainly not in order of talent , but just random -RRB- , you will likely be disappointed by this cd , as King 's guitar playing is very downplayed compared to the more recent blues players . A lot of these songs have a big band sound to them and , not surprisingly , there is a big band backing up BB , or at least horn and piano sections on most of these tracks . There are no `` furious '' guitar licks here , nor too many musical interludes you might even identify as solos on the first spin or two on the player . If you are looking for an exciting , electric performance , you will be disappointed , even on the live tracks on this cd , as this collection of music was recorded during a period in time when music was a bit more subdued ; if you have seen a BB King live performance of the last 10 years , it probably was a lot more lively . King 's guitarwork here is simply not as readily distinguishable as that of other blues guitar legends who were King 's approximate contemporaries such as John Lee Hooker , Albert King , Albert Collins , Muddy Waters or Hound Dog Taylor . The pluses of this cd are that it does provide a decent , but not complete , overview of many of BB King 's more famous numbers ; however it contains no liner notes telling when and where these tracks were recorded or any other useful information . I doubt this album will provide the typical new-to-the-genre listener with a real appreciation for BB King 's status among blues artists via this collection . Thus , I give it two stars for the masses.For existing fans of BB King , I would imagine that much of this material exists in other collections that might be either more thorough , or might be better recorded , as some of the sound on this cd seems pretty stale and weak . Additionally , the lack of liner notes is pretty silly for a collection cd , regardless of the listener 's level of familiarity with the artist . However , some of your favorite BB King songs are likely to be found on this cd and it is probably a fairly representation of BB in the mid to late 50 's . Three and a half stars for the fans .
 In a February interview , Hans -LSB- Zimmer -RSB- worried about composing `` The Theme '' for the film . `` All I can tell you is right now as I 'm sitting here is I 've been sitting here for three days trying to write a great theme '' -LRB- Zimmer , Hans -RRB- . The problem is , Zimmer let his vanity come in the way of approaching the aesthetic , emotional aspects of what the film needed . Pearl Harbor is an epic film ; like any other epic film , films of this grandeur require music on a grand scale . Instead , Zimmer approached the score with minimal efforts - we were given sappy , subdued , contemporary music that could easily be scored by Yanni or John Tesh . Film music is supposed to make a psychological connection with the characters and the events on screen . For instance , the music from The Thin Red Line -LRB- also composed by Zimmer -RRB- was set against the backdrop for Pearl Harbor 's trailer with the scene of passing Japanese fighter planes over Oahu 's environs . The music was fitting because of its use of deceptive cadences , and repeating patterns in minor keys provided that dark connotations for conflict and dubiety . Sometimes I feel that the score for The Thin Red Line should 've been the score for Pearl Harbor . The overall music for the film is as inert as the shallow and exploitive presentation of the film . The music is very romantic , although it would 've been better for a different film . In a review from Film Tracks , a reviewer states
 Let me just say , I loved the movie Pearl Harbor . But I found the soundtrack to be disappointing . I bought it for the Faith Hill song `` There You 'll Be '' If you are like me , I recommend the single .
 The so-called soundtrack for `` Pearl Harbor '' is a major disappointment . The film was full of great period songs and music . None of them are on the soundtrack . Instead , you can enjoy an hour of absolutely forgettable , mediocre orchestral background music . OK , the theme song is stirring , at least the first two or three times . But the rest is a real bore . When I want to listen to orchestral music , I go to Bach , Brahms and countless other true pros . Do n't get bamboozled by this one !
 The soundtrack is a waste of money . I have seen the movie twice over Memorial Day weekend and it is very good . The soundtrack is very bad . Wait for the video . It is as if the producer took the darkest music of the movie and recorded it for the cd . There was more uplifting music I heard in the movie which should have been on the soundtrack , but I guess they left it off so that another soundtrack can be release later as with Titanic which was a much better soundtrack . On the same token , the music did not make Pearl Harbor . The story and the characters are what make Pearl Harbor such a great movie . Only buy this if you are a collector of soundtracks . This is one very depressing soundtrack . All of the high melodies from the movie are no where to be found . So sad for such a good movie . Put this cd on the shelf with Saving Private Ryan to collect more dust after a few spins .
 I 've been a Hans Zimmer fan since he scored Peter Weir 's `` Green Card '' . Altough he has always impressed me with his great orchestrations , or should I say `` heroic tunes '' , Pearl Harbor 's music does n't quite take you where `` Gladiator '' left you . Beggining with Faith Hill 's `` There You 'll be '' , I thought this was gon na be sorta `` Whitney Houston-esque '' but eventually it became a very nostalgic and dramatic score , and just when you 're getting all excited about Track 6 `` The attack '' and so on , it lacked total `` heroism '' . I bought this CD thinking that the music featured in the second part of the `` Pearl Harbor '' trailer would eventually appear . I was wrong , and disappointed . If anybody knows in which soundtrack that particular tune appears , I would appreciate the information , now do n't get me wrong , I know the first part is from `` The Thin Red Line '' also performed by Zimmer when the japanese Zeros make their pass when the little kid 's throwing his baseball the tune changes . Let 's hope they include it in a future CD . Anyway , Zimmer 's scores are always great to hear .
 While the movie Pearl Harbor is amazing , the soundtrack does not follow suite . It begins with a mediocre ballad by Faith Hill and the remaining 8 songs , while nice to listen to , are not Hans Zimmer 's best work . Tracks 2-4 are so similar it 's hard to tell accompanies the numerous TV trailers . For a 3 hour movie , I them apart . It does not include the powerful music that expected a much longer soundtrack . I 'm sure we 'll get more music when a follow up CD is released . One will no doubt be released so that consumers who want a better soundtrack have to shell out more money .
 I bought this CD for Faith Hills song and hoped the rest of it would be good also . For a movie like this , and an event like this , the music just does n't fit.There should be some very big , building music here and there is n't . It could have been much better .
 I was disappointed in this soundtrack . The introductory and final songs were lackluster sentimentality . I would have hoped for something more from the producers . The instrumental offerings lacked excitement and musical tension . I would have though Zimmer would have known better .
 I was very disappointing after I here the Soundtrack , because the trailersong was n't on the CD . The other tracks are very emotional , but it 's not like that what I expected ! Where is the music of the trailer ?
 The best way I can describe the poor selection of songs on this soundtrack is that it 's a cheap and corny rip off of Titanic . How could Pearl Harbor be turned into a love story with a pathetic wannabe version of Celine Dione singing the theme song `` There You 'll Be '' . Faith Hill is about as dry bread as you can get , and sets a drab mood , due to the disappointment in the song while you 're waiting for `` a good part '' or the `` climax '' ... it never comes.I just do n't think Faith Hill has -LRB- or ever will -RRB- what it takes to set the tone and capture an audience . Too important of a job to give to someone who ca n't even write her own songs . . nor play any musical instruments . Faith Hill being a huge part in this . . dullard is a word that comes to mind !
 That 's not a compliment by the way . I would think his synthesizer would be wearing out about now . Gladiator had moments but his material is really starting to wear thin . Backdraft was good , so I guess everything else he has written must , by definition , be good as well , right ?
 this is the guy who wrote the gladiator soundtrack !?!?! i just expected more < a LOT more > and yes , the faith hill song -LSB- stinks -RSB- bad .
 I was not very pleased with the release of the soundtrack to `` Pearl Harbor , '' a movie I have been anticipating for over three months now . I eagerly purchased this album in hopes of finding some of the music from either of the two theatrical trailers , as well as listening to what Hans Zimmer has come up with for this much-anticipated feature . My hopes have been somewhat dashed however
 Zimmer mostly just rehashes past themes from other films he 's done , then throws in a track collaborated on with Faith Hill and some generic period-type music . Big deal . The film stunk and the uninspired score just had me thinking how much better the other films he 's worked on were . Zimmer 's better than this . The same can be said for most of the directors he usually works with . Perhaps it was just a paycheck to him ... who knows .
 Let me begin by saying that I became addicted to film scores several years ago . Since I began listening to them I have purchased nothing else . As an independent writer , I use them for inspiration when I write since they do not have distracting lyrics . I am not a music expert and know little about scoring a film . I just know what I like.Hans Zimmer is my favorite composer in all of Hollywood . He is not the best and not the most honored but there is something about his energizing scores that speak to my very soul . If my life had a music score , I would want it to be written by Hans Zimmer.Unfortunately , I was disappointed in PEARL HARBOR.I had incredible hopes for the movie and found myself incredibly disappointed . That disappointment may have bled over to my feelings on the soundtrack . Like the movie , the soundtrack spends far too much time on the romantic themes of the film rather than focusing on the music of the battles . However , the music for the battles is so incredibly haunting , it almost makes up for the entire CD . In Track 7 , December 7th , the wordless choir adds so much weight to your heart that you feel as if you are identifying with the honored dead that lost their lives on that fateful day just through the music alone . And when the speed jumps to fourth gear in Track 8
 after last year 's majestic score for gladiator , i had high expectations for the pearl harbor soundtrack . much to my dismay , the music no more than `` sorta pretty '' . it evokes no feelings like gladiator 's worldly mood . plus , with all due respect to mr. zimmer , the defining chord sounds awfully familiar to a Enya song some years ago -LRB- i think it was enya -RRB- . i do n't need the faith hill song ... . plus , unlike the gladiator score which the listener could visualize the story , the same is n't true with this release of the soundtrack . PLEASE GIVE US MORE MUSIC WITH A SECOND RELEASE !!
 The worst Zimmer score ever !!! no words can discribe how bad it is .
 To have the ` Day that will live in Infamy ' turned into an over the top , budget be damned , movie by Hollywood for the almight dollar is one thing . But to have Faith Hill sing on it is too much . Steven Spielburg has got to be behind this somehow . His efforts on human suffering -LRB- Amistad , Schindler 's List , Private Ryan -RRB- have made him even more famous . His desire for money sends him to the ends of the earth to film movies that will tug at American heartstrings , while the average ` Joe Sixpack ' spends his minimum wage to see and purchase his hype . To have Faith Hill sing for a Pearl Harbor movie may be even too low for him . I mean we 're really talking sufering here . The only way this song could have been worse is if it had been a duo with her whiney husband . Her song is all fluff and has no meaning , much like every other song she sings but ca n't write one herself . So now that every teenage girl in America is now a Titanic historian , they are now to all become WWII experts ? Hollywood needs to be bombed , or get some talent .
 Anything associated with this movie is grabage . James Horner is a joke . I ca n't believe I just wasted 10 seconds of my life writing this .
 Very , very disappointing . One star , and only because of the arrangement of Serenata -- otherwise , 1/2 . Go with Quarteto em Cy or Joao Donato , any of Tom Jobim 's CDs are preferable -- maybe Gal Costa sings Jobim.Sorry to say , this is a TERRIBLE album -- he was just trying to capitalize on a `` thing '' at the time ... . disappointing . Period.Most BossaNova is best when done by small groups -- BUT , if you insist on a big/larger bands , get Stan Getz 's Big Band Bossa Nova CD . That 's a terrific album . This flat-out STINKS -LRB- and I like most of Q 's other work -RRB- . As a qualifier of sorts , I 've been to Rio , am a former broadcaster and DO know music .
 This 1963 entry from Jones during his big band days was a major disappointment for me . The treatments of ` One Note Samba ' and ` Taste of Honey ' are lead balloons . What really mystifies is why the very great LP , ` Quincy plays Mancini ' from the same year , was not reissued instead of this disaster . On that record , Quincy does poignant arrangements of `` Dreamsville '' and `` Mr Lucky '' , plus the haunting `` Soldier in the Rain '' , that have been unavailable for over 30 years . Get with it Mercury and reissue the Right Stuff !!!
 Unfortunately percussion has completeley spoiled all tracks.This is not Bossa Nova , not even Samba.Sorry for a great project with great arrangements .
 I was very disappointed with this disc . Where were the 2 minute nuggets of brilliant pop from the previous recording ? I found this disc to be both bland and tuneless . Very sad .
 are good bands . I saw both of them live in college , and their lyrics and stage presence are both more than I would expect from good old Bob . He should stick to the reality TV . Please do n't insult Toad or the Gin Blossoms with your comparisons . I met Glen Phillips and he is a sincere and down to earth guy with some good solo work . By the way , as mentioned previously , Girlfriend is a cover by a band called July for Kings , who are pretty decent themselves .
 Okay , this review may not be helpful , but I ca n't decide whether I have more of an urge to warn the masses that this is an appallingly generic piece of crap , or to run off and puke . Anyone with a halfway decent voice can get some studio producer to make them sound passable after hours in the studio . I 'm not even sure if Bachelor Bob is one of these people . His amateurish wavering barely makes the cut . This is n't really much of a concern though , because no matter who was singing these songs , they would still sound just as lame . Easily the worst moments are Bob 's bad grunge/pop attempts on `` Spare Minute '' and the If-I-Drank-Enough-I-Could-Pretend-This-Is-A-Pearl-Jam-Song `` Craziest Girl I Know '' . Point is , this album is boring , generic , awful . Music like this should be relegated to your local frat boy bar band so you can know to avoid it . I feel embarrased even admitting I downloaded the MP3s out of curiosity.This album is , just like his book and recent sitcom appearances , an obvious and cheap attempt to stretch that final second of his 15 minutes of fame . There is no way this album would have been made without his having already lucked his way into that amusingly empty reality-show type of fame.If you still do n't get it , let me put it this way
 This is okay music . I listenened to Fat Amy while drunk on cheap beer at Ricks in East Lansing . Unfortunately this is no better than College bar happy hour music . Should never have been recorded .
 Any `` artist '' that takes others work and trys to claim them as their own -LRB- such as Bob , who claims the song `` Girlfriend '' is a `` collaboration '' -RRB- gets zero respect from me . The song is a COVER of a song by the band July For Kings . Changing some words around does not make the copyright of the song change.So I 'll admit I went into my first listen of this album with a negative additude already . However , I still do not find the album enjoyable . It is very overproduced . The only reason this guy has a record out is because he is a Reality TV star . His fifteen minutes are about up.Don ' t waste your money ! If I could give this album less than one star ... I would
 Why is this guy being compared to Clay Aiken ????? It 's like this guy is using his geek-celebrity status and his fifteen minutes of fame to make a record that 's totally cheesy and makes his sound like a wannabe Gin Blossoms mixed with those dorky Evan and Jaron guys . How can anyone possibly jam to this guy and not feel like the dork of the universe ?? I 'm sorry but this album totally gives me the creeps . Does this mean I can make an album too ? Is Trista going to make an album ? What about that guy from Average Joe ? I do n't get the big deal about Bob Guinney-pig .
 Maybe I could take a great song by a great band , such as Girlfriend - July For Kings , and sing my own version . Ordinarily that would n't really get anyone anywhere , but if you are on TV and plug your CD , then I guess it might . Reasons not to buy this CD ... 1 -RRB- His first single is n't his . 2 -RRB- He was the bachelor , not the American Idol . 3 -RRB- July For Kings has a much better cd for a lower price due to the lack of Hype . 4 -RRB- Clay Aiken puts this guy to shame . 5 -RRB- His pretty-boy face , not that pretty . 6 -RRB- The CD consists of thoughtless effortless jargon babbled with the intention of making money . 7 -RRB- This album is awful . 8 -RRB- Those who recommend this CD say things such as `` what a hottie '' `` he sang so well on the bachelor '' `` he wrote all his own mateial '' all of which does n't make any sense . 9 -RRB- He is awful 10 -RRB- You could spend the money on stuff that isnt so ... awful , such as underwear that is three sizes too small , or maybe ear muffs .
 3 SIDES by that `` reality television / personality '' Bob Guiney is the worst excuse for a CD since YOKO married John Lennon and recorded material for EMI.This is one of the worst products of 2003 . One can not imagine someone having the nerve to enter a recording studio laying down these tracks . Sure , it 's fun to have some beers singing karaoke with your buddies but to imagine the public wants to spend money on your lack of talent is another thing.What was the label thinking ? If GUINEY has to make a promotional tour tempting the public at large with this vocal diareha , then we will know he is either nuts , tone deaf or simply the owner of a massive ... . ego.Musically this is not bad , it is horrible . Listen to it LOUD ... if you need to clear a room .
 I liked Bob 's voice when I saw him on the Bachelor , therefore I asked for this CD as a gift . Wow , was I disappointed . All of his songs are simply less than average . The album starts off with Girlfriend , which can be seen as okay , however , it just goes straight down hill from there . In fact , I got rid of this CD within one week of hearing it . Terrible
 If you 're a delusional fan of ` Bachelor Bob ' , it rocks !!!! For anyone else , it 's easy to see why Bob Guiney never made a career in music . His sound is described as being similar to John Mayer , yet Mayer has considerable talent . I would call him more of a poor man 's combo of Toad the Wet Sproket and the Gin Blossoms . No tracks stand out , although I 'm sure ` Girlfriend ' will get some airplay when the album gets a full release . It has a feel of an album written 10 years ago , with a sound that 's been heard and passed by.If you like John Mayer , buy his album . He has talent.Save time and buy it used in a $ 1 bin .
 Bob Guiney is taking a poor bar room talent and trying to make money from his new-found fame . This `` Bachelor '' can not sing , and no one should buy this album . It is awful . If you like the song Girlfriend , you probably would like the original recording by July For Kings . Bob does an awful cover of this song , and changed some of the most defining lyrics . He should keep his mouth shut ... for good .
 Awful CD . I sold it as soon as I listened to it for a week just trying to like it . I was a fan of Bob Guiney until I heard his CD . I couldnt understand all the hate , now I do . And PS ... . Fat Amy is worse , if possible .
 I found this CD awful . The only song halfway decent is Girlfriend . I know this review will not be popular but this is my opinion . His voice is bland and too common . Pretty much a bar band that made it big due to TV
 I have n't purchased this album ... but I have heard his version of Girlfriend , and it is not even close to the original . If you like the lyrics in the song though , check out the ` un-edited by Bob ' version by JULY FOR KINGS . Their album SWIM is outstanding and honestly their new , unreleased material is even a million times better . I think that if you all appreciate good music , as most of you have in liking Fat Amy for years , you should check out JFK ... !
 If Bob 's jerk friends from Michigan would stop logrolling and giving it rave reviews that it does n't deserve -LRB- comparing it to Bob Dylan ? PLEASE ! -RRB- , hopefully this album will go back to where it belongs
 I heard Bob sing live on `` The View '' and was n't impressed , nor was I impressed by his CD . Someone recently compared Bob to John Mayer , but I do n't think his range or ability to sing is even close to John Mayer .
 Guiney seems like a perfectly decent guy , hence the generous two-star rating.Still , this needs to be repeatedly stated
 The clips that I 've heard sound like nothing more than an unoriginal , copy-cat artist . His voice is overprocessed on every track , which may indicate that he does n't have a really good voice to begin with . This may be an attempt to extend his 15 minutes of fame . I would n't take it seriously .
 There is nothing of redeeming value with this music ; the only reason it exists is because of the cult-like idolatry Bob Guiney receives from his adoring female fans of the ABC show ` The Bachelor ' . The single , ` Girlfriend ' , is a cover from the band ` July for Kings ' which Guiney claims he `` re-wrote '' to appropriately fit the meaning of his life - which is basically as phony as his singing ability and his autobiography . Save yourself the money - do n't bother .
 Okay , so the guy can carry a tune . He 's also been on t.v. However , personally i 'd be more interested in artists who write their own music . Especially artists who dont take their 15 minutes of fame , `` borrow '' a good song and cover it . There 's plenty of people out there who can sing . It 's a shame that so many of them stay relatively unknown -LRB- see July for Kings -RRB- while some has been goes out and sings other people 's songs . An additional note for all of you who have this romantic idea that girlfriend was written by Sir Bob himself , maybe even about the show ... IT WAS N'T .
 Ok , so I have not actually heard this WHOLE cd . I did hear Bob sing on The Bachelor show and was impressed , but then I heard `` his '' first single , Girlfriend , and was less than impressed . This is for two reasons
 For those that like the song , `` Girlfriend '' on Bob 's debut cd , check out the band of who wrote the song . They are called July For Kings . Joe Hedges , the lead singer , wrote the song awhile ago , and it appears on their album `` Swim '' as well . Check them out , you might hear something you like ! They are amazing .
 if i were all of u wanting to buy this cd , i wouldnt . cause he dosent sing this song . a band call july for kings do and how do i know this cuase my the band started in my hometown . and i would also know cause my cousin used to drum in the band when they made the cd . so go out and get july for kings cd swim cause its the real song girlfriend its tons better
 Do n't bother . If he did n't have a show , this would not have been released .
 It 's bland . The music is ok , not bad , but not memorable .
 Please understand that this is NOT the orange Michael W. Smith Worship CD translated directly onto a DVD . This DVD is a compilation of the Worship and Worship Again CDs . Make sure you research the songs contained in this DVD , so you will not be disappointed , as I was .
 This DVD is disappointing to say the least . From the moment Michael enters the arena through the crowd I feel like I 'm watching carefully scripted theatre rather than worship to the King of Kings . The focus here is Michael W. Smith , `` Worship Artist '' . Michael appears stiff and very conscious of the cameras , his movements choreographed . The direction is average , lacking inspiration and repetitive . The only moment I felt my spirit engage was during Awesome God . If you want a truly amazing worship experience on DVD I suggest you avoid this . You 're better off buying Hillsong 's `` Blessed '' or Christian City Church , Oxford Falls ' new album `` Lift '' .
 Michael W. Smith the accomplished songwriter and ccm performer put out this worship video of popular worship songs.I have real mixed feelings on this one . I 'm not a huge fan of Michael W. Smith for various reasons but I originally saw it on christian tv which was an edited version with not all the songs on this dvd , and really like it . A great deal of this performance seemed rather contrived , I guess it was more of a performance than a worship service so that might account for some of it.There was too much posing going on and far too much screaming and applauding by the audience , it made it all look a bit like Michael was the one being worshipped . This is a common problem that needs to be dealt with . The entertainment cult of today -LRB- as I call it -RRB- has invaded the church to some degree . I believe in giving honour where honour is due but it get 's ridiculous on here . Listen carefully to the commentaries as well , they are entertaining often for the wrong reasons.Love the versions of `` above all '' , `` open the eyes of my heart '' and `` draw me close to you '' , prefer Hillsongs dvd 's or Paul Balouche 's new one though , far more worship of God going on on these ones . A couple of songs like `` let is rain '' and `` 40 '' were rather pointless and seemed to go on for a long time . Ironic considering the lyrics of 40 ! I do n't think anyone could cover U2 and do them justice though.Thanks for reading .
 If this is to be the last record from GBV , that 's fine . This record really does n't need to be heard by anyone , least of all GBV fans . I personally feel the band has gone downhill since Toby split around UTBUS , but this album is totally devoid of anything that made GBV who they are.Gone are the catchy , quirky melodies , the odd-ball lyrics . Thankfully gone are the fuzzy-lo-fi songs that made you hit skip , but these songs just do n't have any flavor to them . They 're just bland mush . Which I never though Mr. Pollard was capable of producing .
 This album is boring . Of course , the GBV fans will rave it just because it 's a GBV album . Most of their albums are boring anyway . Sorry that i 'm not a GBV nerd . Hey , lets put out an album with 35 songs that are 30 seconds long . What we 'll do is add some feedback to the guitars ... i 'll write a stupid sentance and i 'll sing it ... then we 'll just fade it out . I 've got about 550 stupid sentances in my book that make absolutely no sense . I 'll just sing them in a Beatlesesque voice . Do n't forget to hit the record button on the sounddesign tape recorder that we bought in 1978 . If there is n't much noise in the room , what we 'll do is crumble up some paper to make it sound crackly and distorted . That will make our music sound vintage and sort of like 60 's british rock ! Now , the hard part will be making titles for the songs ... so , what i 'll do is pick out words and mix them up and come up w/the title that way . We 'll tell the public that this is our last record so that people may actually buy our music . But , what we 'll really do is continue to put out an album every 4 months under different names . I 'll put out a solo album with 20 other stupid crappy songs also !
 It is unimaginable to think of a Basie album without Freddie Green , not to mention several tunes with electric bass guitar . This , along with Basie with strings , are among the very very few lousy Count Basie albums . Do n't bother with this one . Pablo should be ashamed for releasing it .
 It is difficult to review a CD I never received . Send it to me and I 'll give a review . I may give it more than one star when I receive the CDRL Waller
 This album was originally released in 1968 , when Regis was Joey Bishop 's sidekick . It was Regis 's only commercially released album , although he later recorded some albums that he released on his own . Regis had an okay singing voice , but it was certainly nothing special . Also , his style was hopelessly outdated by 1968 . The arrangements of these standards are incredibly corny , too . But a few of these songs are good for a laugh . The highlight of the album is the end of `` Toot , Toot , Tootsie/Baby Face '' , where Regis yells out `` Sock it to , 'em , Tootsie ! '' . Now , that 's -LRB- unintentional -RRB- comedy !
 Regis Philbin CAN NOT sing ... Let 's be honest here ... Sure , he 's a star of teevee and all , but so are Lettermen , Leno , Oprah , Maury and Jerry Springer , but you do not see any of these people trying to match tonsils with Tony Bennett ... And , sure , this album was made 40 years ago , when Regis was a nobody , but that is STILL no excuse for this disaster . . I sing in the shower , and am a nobody as well , but you do not see me inflicting my bad voice on the listening public ... Now this album might stand as a curiousity item , sort of a monument to the man BEFORE he became a teevee talk show icon , but Philbin has recently released another album of bad vocals , this time with a bigger budget , strictly as an effort to make a fast buck on his teevee status ... Given that his new album is NOT any better than his old album -LRB- and , in many respects it is worse ! -RRB- , it is obvious that Philbin is a vainglorious doof , who has no regard whatsoever for the listening public ... So buy this album only if the money would otherwise be spent on crack , or if you are moments away from death and really do not care where the money goes as long as it is n't left behind for your relatives to squander , but if you are healthy , and not mentally deranged , avoid this album as if it were the plague .
 This album was originally released in 1968 , when Regis was Joey Bishop 's sidekick . It was Regis 's only commercially released album , although he later recorded some albums that he released on his own . Regis had an okay singing voice , but it was certainly nothing special . Also , his style was hopelessly outdated by 1968 . The arrangements of these standards are incredibly corny , too . But a few of these songs are good for a laugh . The highlight of the album is the end of `` Toot , Toot , Tootsie/Baby Face '' , where Regis yells out `` Sock it to , 'em , Tootsie ! '' . Now , that 's -LRB- unintentional -RRB- comedy !
 At least this album is better than Kathie Lee 's . Then again the white noise of a static channel is better than her ill fated forays into music.Get it as a Christmas gag gift for someone with a sense of humor .
 At least this album is better than Kathie Lee 's . Then again the white noise of a static channel is better than her ill fated forays into music.Get it as a Christmas gag gift for someone with a sense of humor .
 If i were to use a simon cowell quote id say this cd is , `` DREADFUL '' I honestly dont know what Geoff was thinking . This is a pathetic attempt of a cd .
 to quote simon cowell ... DREADFUL ABSOLUTELY DREADFUL . Worst attempt at music i 've ever heard . I guess the music gene didnt get passed to him
 5 Stars for the Instrumental Performance of Teenage Fanclub + a NEGATIVE 4 Stars for the UNBEARABLE vocal `` stylings '' of Jad Fair = 1 Star.Completely disappointed.I 'm one of the biggest TFC fans on the planet , and it -LSB- is sad -RSB- seeing them waste so many of these beautiful melodies that would have made another lush , harmonious new album , with a guy who sounds like the worst parts of Bob Dylan , Lou Reed and Jello Biafra rolled into one unbearable drunken karaoke stupor.I 've got my share of albums from each of the aforementioned artists , but I do n't prefer their style to cross over with the wonderful melodic world of Fanclub . Also mad at Alternative Tentacles Records for not mentioning anywhere on the outside of the package that the boys from TFC are NOT SINGING anywhere on this album . I knew all about and expected it on `` The King '' , their last instrumental album , but was completely in the dark on this one . ... P > If you like Vic Chesnutt fronting a great pop band who are 100 times more talented than he is , this is the CD for you . ... ...
 There 's much better Heep Compilations -LRB- ` Running all night with the lion ' ... Please !!! -RRB- Do n't waste your money .
 This is a good classic rock cd with the exception that stealin one of their best songs is not on this or their greatest hits . The best song on here is Easy Livin so this is a cd only for a die hard Uriah Heep fan .
 With the exception of the catchy `` Easy Livin ' '' I found this to be an unmemorable compilation of rock songs .
 Of ripping fans off . And this is yet another example . -LRB- Oh and Duranies , spare me the `` well do n't buy it !! '' rant , it 's old . -RRB- Just like everyone else has said , this is just a repeat ONCE AGAIN of the old DD videos that every fan already has . Sure , the 3 versions of NMOM is cool to have , but not worth the $ 34.95 MSRP . And what is with that ? Erasure is releasing a DVD with 35 videos and another disc of really rare surprises ... and the MSRP for that is $ 19.99 !! If this release was priced a lot lower , I can see the justification of the content.But to charge such a high price , and give us the same old retread , I can not do anything but give this DVD a very low score.Oh , yes , I am a fan that has paid many house payments on top of car payments for this band . 21 years later and 25 concerts later , I am just getting a little fed up of the scheming .
 I totally agree with Erik John Dolnack 's review below.Just got a copy of the DVD myself and I am very disappointed with the way the whole thing was done.Lousy packaging , terrible navigation system and amateurish video quality.DD 's masterpieces deserves much better treatment .
 The Videos are worth 5 stars , as Duran Duran were one of the first acts to really capitalize on this medium . Sadly , they partnered with somebody stupid who felt that making the menus complex , and hiding videos as `` easter eggs , '' would be fun . It 's not . My remote control is not the best , and navigating the menu is cumbersome at best . You would think they would want to present the product they are selling . Yet another example of the music industry doing dumb stuff to decrease sales .
 I 'll echo some of the other reviews on here
 Come on , 2 DVDs and they could n't include all the videos ? What 's up with that ? I 'm sorry , but that 's a slap in the face to the fans . I wo n't be forking over my money for this , thank you very much !
 These DVDs are great - if you 're only a minor fan of DURAN DURAN , but as a major fan of Simon and the boys ; I felt neglected . If you 're looking for lots of great extras - do n't bother . They really did n't need to take up two discs with as little as they give you . The videos on the DVDs ARE their greatest hits , just do n't expect much more -LRB- like their stuff from the 90 's -RRB- so buy the set if you 're a fan - because that 's what we 're stuck with for now .
 YukS !!!!!! Horrible and boring music video , espacially ` ORDINARY WORLD ' does n't suit the location and lyrics it should be inspirational .
 Are you kidding me ! Duran Duran used to be the band that presented their material in a completely lush , artistic manner , quite beyond the pale of typical popular-music acts of their time , and look at this lousy DVD package ! Makes me want to weep.First of all , the package design is just a remake of the VHS box of a few years back . Second , printing varnish as an ink is just stupid , ca n't even read the fine print . And where 's the print-outs and booklets packed with photos of the band ? The inner-sleeves of varied colored bars is just stupid waste of space!Second is the navigation - it 's confusing and irritating and is the lamest easter-egg hunt I 've ever went on ! I never did find the hidden footage and it 's so complicated that I do n't even want to now . It is n't worth the effort . This is hands-down the stupidest DVD interface I have ever seen . I mean having the letter `` T '' as a sub-choice menu
 Here 's why
 I was planning on buying this DVD since I 've been a fan of Duran Duran since 1982 . I 'm very dissapointed with the tracklisting as many videos from their VHS video from years back -LRB- now out of print I believe -RRB- are not included . This is a very disappointing collection given the cost .
 After reading these reviews , I wo n't bother buying this product . It sounds like the lasedisc versions of the videos might actually look better than the DVD .
 This is a very incomplete videography . Some gems are missing
 Ok - I LOVE Duran Duran and have been waiting for this DVD for YEARS . Sadly , this release is unfulfilling . There are too many videos missing that fans are dying to see again , but ca n't get anymore . The brief interviews/featurettes and alternate cuts of select videos are nice , but why hide them all ? Who decided that `` Easter Eggs '' are a good idea ??? It 's just aggravating !!! As for the packaging - it sucks . Duran Duran are music video pioneers who provided MTV and its viewers with innovative , stylish , luxurious locales & visuals - and all they get is a plain white box ??? And do n't be fooled when you see that the package appears to have a lavish , colorful gatefold sleeve on the inside , perhaps stuffed with photos , artwork , & other goodies . There 's NOTHING inside and I do mean NOTHING ! Well , unless you count a track listing w / director & producer credits -LRB- that you ca n't even READ because it 's printed in WHITE letters on a WHITE background -RRB- . And do n't get me started about the inflated price of this dvd - I spent my lunch money for 2 weeks . I have to believe that the band had no hand in putting this DVD together.Maybe SOMEDAY , another DVD will be released that will include all the missing videos , commentary , remastering , etc. that SHOULD have been on this one . The thing is , I 'm tired of waiting . The release of their new reunion album has already been postponed about 6 times . I expect to see it in stores sometime in early 2008 . Followed by the Complete DVD Collection in 2010 ?
 This is a very incomplete videography . Some gems are missing
 Using the `` hidden easter eggs '' to see the remaining videos is gimmicky and useless . If you 're having trouble finding them , simply use the `` Title '' selection feature on your dvd player and enter each number one at a time to cycle through everything -LRB- the first disc has 38 titles -RRB- . The picture quality is shoddy . It is ridiculous not to have included ALL of their videos . Be warned
 I purchased this cd when it was first released and was very excited about the extra tracks this version have over Derek And The Dominos In Concert which was released on cd in the Eighties . After playing it and comparing it to the original Derek And The Dominos In Concert cd I was majorly dissappointed . The mixing on Live at the Fillmore puts Clapton up front of the soundstage making his contribution to the cd stand out . As for the rest of the band they sound like they are playing a block away . The cd has become known to myself and my friends as `` Eric and the Dominos '' . On the original In Concert cd the band is tight and Eric is where is suppose to be - in the band and not a soloist.The music is awesome but the mixing on Live at the FillmoreI really bad . If you are looking for a live version of Derek and the Dominos , pick up Derek and the Dominos In Concert.Even though there are less tracks this version highlights the Band and not the Clapton the Soloist .
 I bought this set because of the rave reviews that went with it . And , because I had this snatch of memory from when I was young that I had wanted to buy this . Truthfully everyone , it 's a disappointment . I have listened to it several times and while there are certainly songs that I like , and this is Clapton without all of the `` maturity '' , the harmonies are usually bad -LRB- just shy of awful in some cases -RRB- , the music does go on and it does , in hindsight , seem that they are in love with the new wa-wa pedal , amongst other sound enhancers.I know , Clapton 's God . But , I 'm an agnostic . Slowhand is great , and the young years are better than most of the older years for originality , but it 's not smooth , if that 's what you need from a CD .
 Boring , bloated , overlong , repetitive half-baked arrangements of Clapton classics made even worse by Bobby Whitlock 's horrible , intrusive over-the-top `` backup '' singing .2 stars for some nice guitar solos and drummer Jim Gordon 's amazing work , but it is not worth the 29 dollars . Better you should buy `` Wheels Of Fire '' or `` Eric Clapton 's Rainbow Concert '' or `` Layla . `` Pass .
 This CD may be OK ; I did n't bother to listen to it.Nowhere in the description here did it mention that it 's a live recording done in Atlanta Georga in 1980 . It says that on the sleeve of the CD though . I wanted the original recordings that I know and love ; not a concert `` live '' recording that is n't anywhere near what I was expecting . Why was this omitted from the description?All is not lost however . I took the sleeves out , and threw the CD in the trash along with them , so now I have a wonderful -LRB- but expensive -RRB- extra blank case to put a CD in that features music I want to hear because it 's original , done in a proper studio , and up to par soundwise.Slogging this dog off as genuine recordings is reprehensible , and I suspect I 'm not the only one to get the wrong end of this particular stick , according to the sales ranking Amazon posted regarding this item .
 I usually am quite a fan of Patty Lupone , but in this case I have to say that she is terribly miscast . But , that really is n't the problem with this musical . The problem is that the material is just awful . Andrew Lloyd Webber has n't given anyone anything to work with here . The music is terribly boring , since there are really only two good melodies in the full two + hours of music .
 I fell in love with the Glenn Close/Alan Campbell version of Sunset Blvd , and expected another spectacular production from this version . I was flatly disappointed . Close 's Norma and that of Patti LuPone are comparable . Close overacts but does n't sing well , while LuPone 's excellent voice does not cover up her poor acting -LRB- I agree that she was miscast for the role -RRB- . Norma aside , the World Premiere Recording is almost amateurish . Kevin Anderson 's Joe Gillis and Meredith Braun 's Betty belong in a high school production . Get the American version , which is more glamorous , the way an ALW musical should be . Hearn 's Tony award winning Max can not be ignored , and Campbell does a superb job with Joe Gillis . The final straw is that there are cuts in the London version , though the full libretto is provided . Buy the American recording , and enjoy it .
 Ok . I 'll try and keep it short.Sunset Boulevard is an amazing piece of musical theatre that I would reccomend to anyone . I have over 60 CDs of musicals , and Sunset would be it my top 10 , possibly top 5 . It has an amazing story , together with some stunning music , possibly Lloyd Webber 's best score . I bought the 1994 Los Angeles cast a while ago and was blown away . Recently I found out my local library had this version , the 1993 London cast , available , and I thought I 'd get it out , just out of interest.I was disgusted . Before now , I 'd never realises how much difference the actors/actresses make . I just thought in a musical that it was really just the music that really made the difference . I did n't know how wrong I was.Norma Desmond is a great character , and Glenn Close -LRB- in the Los Angeles cast -RRB- is a great actress . She plays the role of Norma perfectly , not too over the top , but still making her interesting and funny and almost lovable . In the final scene you actually feel for Norma.In this cast however , we have Patti LuPonne . I know lots of people rave about her , but I 've never seen the attraction to be honest . She has quite a powerful voice , but apart from that , I do n't know what else she 's got . She plays Norma with none of the things I mentioned before . She turns Norma into a completely boring and dull character . And she 's got this thing , I do n't know what it is , but she always seems to sort of , slur her words slightly , almost like she 's drunk . And she like that every time I 've heard her , only on this CD it 's even more noticable.Next , Kevin Anderson , who plays Joe . I have heard more emotion coming from a telegraph pole , to be honest . I 'm not sure if Anderson was trying to sort of , play down the role , like Hollywood had killed his soul sort of thing , but to me , it just sounds like bad acting , and like he does n't want to be there . He is just so dull ! The scene where Norma tells Joe she loves him has no tension or ... anything ! It is completely lifeless . I would n't say that Alan Campbell , who plays Joe in the Los Angeles cast , was anything that special or amazing , he was by no means bad , but nothing like Glenn Close . Compared to Kevin Anderson though , Alan Campbell is like a Broadway God.Meredith Braun plays Betty in this cast . She sounds like she is 12 years old , and her accent is shocking . If she had that much trouble doing an American accent , she should have just stuck with English , instead of the sort of bizzare combination she has . Judy Kuhn plays Betty in the Los Angeles cast , and it fantastic , making her a really strong character , instead of just the lovestruck puppy Meredith Braun is.And lastly is Daniel Benzali , playing Max , Norma 's servant . He is not that bad , but Michael Cervais -LRB- in the Los Angeles Cast -RRB- is just so much better . Cervais has a great , much deeper , richer bass voice , which suits the role much better , whereas Benzali is a pretty average tenor . And Cervais ' accent is much better , playing the role of the strange , forgein butler almost with a bit of a nudge and a wink . Benzali 's is a lot weaker , and just not as strong.Finally , nothing to do with the cast , although Lloyd Webber himself says in the front of the CD that there are a few trims dialogue-wise , there is over 35 minutes less than the Los Angeles cast ! Granted , there is a new song , but and there may be a few songs slightly slower , but there is quite a bit of dialogue and filling music missing , which does leave a few bits hard to follow.Just summing up , Sunset Boulevard is amazing show , but just stear clear of this version , I beg you . There is no reason to buy the London Cast when there is the incredible Los Angeles cast out there !!!
 Similar to another reviewer , I bought the Andrew Lloyd Webber album after hearing so many rave reviews about the show itself , and having an interest in the Billy Wilder film of the same name . After listening to both albums -LRB- United Kindom and United States -RRB- , it can only be said that LuPone slaughtered the role of the dramatic Norma Desmond . Her depiction of the role through her choral work was delivered flat , and was absolutely appauling , compared alongside the angelic voice of Glenn Close . Kevin Anderson also left much to be desired in this version with his register being awfully flat at times , which had me cringing , especially during the prologue of the show . However , orchestrations are beautiful in the UK version with some songs standing out especially . Cecil . B DeMille -LRB- Micahel Bauer -RRB- performs a touching ` Surrender ' , whilst LuPone 's version ` As If We Never Said Goodbye ' is full of emotion and tenderness . If you are willing to buy a CD with only two good songs on it , do n't go past the World Premier Recording -LRB- UK -RRB- . However , if you want an afternoon of music that you are unable to draw yourself away from , I can suggest to you that the Glenn Close United States version is the recording for you .
 I bought this version of Sunset Boulevard to compare it to the L.A. version , and I hate to be harsh , but if this was the quality of performance for the stage production , it 's no wonder the musical bombed.The songs were absolutely dead . It sounded like the whole cast was on valium . Many of the best lines and bits were gone -LRB- Most missed was the `` temple virgin '' lyric -RRB- . I was most disappointed with the talented Patti LuPone , who has been in the business too long not to know better than to turn in such a mediocre effort.My only reason for giving this recording a single star was the young lady portraying Betty
 I am not sure why anyone would think this was a good show . The considerably talented cast is probably the only thing that this production had going for it . The whole show has reached 5 % of its total potential . That 's the beginning theme . The rest is awful musical anachronisms and trite lyrics . I highly doubt that if Norma Desmond actually sang , she would sing something as blatantly 90 's as `` With One Look . '' For starters , the song is called `` With One Look . '' The title like the name of a Paula Abdul top 40 's hit from the late 80 's . Theatrically , this show is overblown into yet another meaningless mess of pop songs and power ballads . The good thing about this cd is that it 's the best recording of the show . The Broadway cd may have one more song on it , but Glenn Close and her three voices -LRB- head , chest , `` belt '' -RRB- winning the Tony that year definately makes it obvious that Broadway is getting desparate , and people do n't get awards for being good.Since when is mediocre an option?This record plays like it was slapped together by its authors in about fifteen minutes with absolutely no form of rational thought behind it . Its melodies are repetitive threads from his other shows . You can hear bits of `` Music of the Night '' in the song that the butler sings to Joe Gillis.In short , this show is the biggest piece of crap ever written . I hate it . I hate hate hate hate hate it . I have no idea what would posses any of you to possibly want to buy this cd.You would buy this cd if :1 . You were a housewife .2 . You like Celine Dion .3 . `` Jekyll and Hyde '' is out of stock .4 . You have a painful kidney stone that can only pass if you play `` Too Much In Love To Care '' at a certain decibal level .5 . You completely suck at life and have no idea what good music is . Do yourself a great favor and buy yourself a copy of `` Sweeney Todd
 No matter what some bitter and pretentious pseudo-intellectuals say , `` Sunset Boulevard '' happens to be one of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's most beautiful , haunting and most accomplished works . This remarkably faithful adaptation of the timeless Billy Wilder film-noir about the evils of Hollywood and it 's media hype is probably the definitive `` jazz opera '' with some of the most jaw droppingly innovative and groundbreaking production design . So , why the low rating on my part ? Well , technically , this has nothing to do with the score and the show itself , but rather this particular album.Where to begin ? There are just so many things horribly wrong with this recording , but I think that the orchestrations themselves are a good place to start . Unlike what can be heard in the American , German , and even the lackluster Canadian recording , the music on this album is horribly disorganized and in some parts the instruments go completely out of tune . This is especially painfully obvious in `` This Time Next Year '' and `` Eternal Youth is Worth a Little Suffering . '' At one point , poor Daniel Benzali actually goes completely flat due to the botched orchestration of `` The Greatest Star of All . '' It is truly mind boggling that a production of such scope would allow for this absurd unprofessionalism.My next big gripe comes with the afterword by Andrew Lloyd Webber , where he claims that some of the score on the recording had to be `` edited for time in places . '' Well , that sure is putting it mildly . Over an astonishing forty minutes have been hacked off of this recording for some unknown reasons , since the album is on two discs ; which means that no corner cutting was neccessary . I have strong suspicions that this happened because someone decided to save some money by using the audio cassette master for the CD release , but that is just a theory of mine . The cuts are horrible , leaving the basic plot of the musical nearly incoherent and with some jaw droppingly awful cuts , like the painful jump cut in the middle of Schwab 's Drugstore scene . All of these cuts reduce this alleged `` World Premiere Recording '' to a pathetically glorifed highlights album.However , what completely killed this recording for me was the horrible direction of the entire affair , which is apparent from the less-than-subpar perfomances . Everyone seems to be high on valium and bored to tears , but there are some `` joyful variations . '' Kevin Anderson sounds whiny and raspy -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- with all the emotional range of a chair . What a waste , since Mr. Anderson has proven himself to be a fine dramatic actor . Daniel Benzali seems to be doing some sort of a lame Michael Crawford impression for `` Forbidden Broadway '' and the botched musical score is n't doing him any favors -LRB- see above . -RRB- However , the most butchered number in the entire recording is the group ensemble `` Eternal Youth is Worth a Little Suffering . '' The song , already damaged by a badly out-of-tune orchestra and horrific jump cuts , seems to be sung by what only can be described as `` Ritalin addicted Zombie Women of Planet Monotone . '' Such utter shame ; since it 's a wickedly comic and hilariously disturbing number that appears as a mere shadow of itself on this album.There are however two people that rise above all this travesty . They are the wonderful Meredith Braun , who brings youthful energy and sweet innocence to character of Betty Schaefer with her lovely young soprano voice and the majestic Patti LuPone , giving a powerhouse vocal perfomance as the tragic Norma Desmond . Miss LuPone is one of very few people who did not require the complex score 's key to be lowered , and boy , does it make a difference in `` With One Look '' and `` As If We Never Said Goodbye . '' It 's too bad her perfomance is mangled on this album with the horrific direction and numerous incomprehensible cuts made to various crucial scenes and songs . I do agree that Patti LuPone was a tad too young and `` gentle '' sounding for the role back in 1993 , but if there 's to be a revival of `` Sunset Boulevard '' in the near future , she would be one of my top choices to headline the show as Norma . Sadly , this will never happen , since Miss LuPone is too busy planning Andrew Lloyd Webber 's untimely demise together with Faye Dunaway.Aside from the great perfomances by Patti LuPone and Meredith Braun and the awkwardly hammy portrayal of Max by Daniel Benzali , the one other reason to get this wretched cast recording is the novelty to hear some alternate renditions of various familiar music numbers . The most interesting are a drastically different number during the Schwab 's Drugstore scene -LRB- which is sadly cut to ribbons -RRB- , an alternate finale to `` New Ways to Dream '' and a different , albeit a very abrupt , final sequence.All in all , this has got to be one of the absolute worst `` original cast recordings '' ever unleashed on the unsuspecting public . The only worth of this album are the perfomances of the two leading ladies and the interesting alternate renditions of various numbers that have been drastically -LRB- and not so drastically -RRB- changed for other productions .
 i odered a dvd it turned out to be a sound track . not what i wanted , ad was misleading.no stars
 Patti LuPone should have brought her Norma Desmond to Broadway . At least she can sing it ... Glenn Close could not . That said this is still a terrible score ... one filled with lost opportunities.The movie should have made a fantastic musical . And the opening theme gives the proper film noir feeling ... But Andrew Lloyd Webber cheated and instead of writing a new score for this show , he chose to recycle cut-out songs from previous failed musicals . The result is an uneven patchwork that never effectively settles on tone . The title song , for example , sounds too contempoary for a story set in 1950 . The lyrics are bland and filled with all too obvious rhymes and slang expressions that are often out of synch with the characters . Why does Mr lloyd-Webber refuse to collaborate with a good lyricist who could make his music come across more with more effect . -LRB- He did once , with Tim Rice ... but that partnership ended . -RRB- SUNSET angers me . A good source was turned into an inferior musical . Yet , simply because it was the only new book musical to open on Broadway in the 94/95 season it was awarded the Tonys for Best Musical , Best Book and Best Score . It did not deserve any of those awards . However , audiences were not fooled . It closed on Broadway after a short run and lost millions . The London production had a longer run and still lost millions . The Toronto production lasted less than a year and lost millions . And the national tour folded almost before it started ... and again lost millions . Maybe people are finally catching onto Webber 's endless recycling !
 I very much enjoyed the American version of Sunset Blvd. , but the original London version does n't do much for me . It contains the original -LRB- and no longer current -RRB- versions of many of the songs , leaving the material with a `` score '' lacking the polish it received when it arrived in America . There are , however , subtle but tantalizing hints of what the show would eventually become . But it is the cast that is the reason to not buy this 2-disc set . Unless you want to hear Kevin Anderson trying to act and sing at the same time , Daniel Benzali sing a role in the wrong range , and Patti LuPone miscast more than just any other actress in musical theatre history , skip it and buy the far superior Glenn Close/Alan Campbell version instead .
 It 's no mystery to anyone familiar with this show that the American Premiere Recording bests this version on most levels . Nor is it surprising , considering the score needed a bit of work when this World Premiere Recording was made . Audiences knew it . Critics knew it . Even Andrew Lloyd Webber knew it , which may explain why -- to a greater extent than ever before -- he made some rather sweeping revisions before bringing the show to America , then later incorporated those changes into the London production.All the tweaking and tightening paid off , it seems . Each change is a major improvement , and the score - and show - that premiered in Los Angeles in 1995 starring Glenn Close is far superior to the one seen by London audiences almost two years earlier . The American Premiere Recording benefits from those improvements , and boasts heightened production values that deliver all the necessary panache of a Broadway cast recording without ever descending to the silliness or slickness of pop opera . Sunset Boulevard remains musical theater in every sense of the word.So , if the American recording is so vastly improved over this one , why even bother with it ? Perhaps the answer lies in the freshness and naivety of a new score - the thrill of the gamble
 Like several other discs available , allegedly of the Drifters Greatest Hits , these are not originals.Save your money . Keep looking for the originals . -LRB- I found them in `` The Drifters ' Golden Hits '' -RRB- .
 Remember these guys ! Where are they now . There are only two really good songs on this CD . Where My homies and i 'll take her . -LRB- featuring Brian McKnight -RRB- Otherwise this CD is full of fake threats and even worse rappin by two east coast artists that are trying to sound west coast . The production for the most part is a lame attempt at trying to copy the G-funk sound pioneered by Dr. Dre . Like i mentioned there are only a couple of soings that are n't forgettable on the CD . Ill and Al scratch sound like second graders when they rap , but if you like the sound of east coast rap pretending to sound west coast you may like this . Sorry if I want g-funk i 'll stick with the real west coast g-funk sound .
 Well , this album has two nice songs . They are not hot . They are just nice . `` Where my homes '' and `` I 'll take her '' are the songs I am talking about . The rest are either bad or just remixes of the two abovementioned . Not worth buying ! They should have just released a single .
 The Where Are They Now award for 2002 would probably have to go to Ill and Al Scratch who scored big with `` I 'll Take Her '' and `` Where My Homiez '' back in 1995 . But then again , after that lackluster debut Creep Wit Me -LRB- and another follow-up years later -RRB- , few people would care what happened to them.Creep Wit Me has to be one of the most unoriginal albums ever made . First off , every track is either a spinoff of a remix of one of the two aforementioned songs -LRB- see `` I 'll Take Her -- Brian 's Flow '' -RRB- . Also , Ill Al Scratch are by no means good rappers , as shown on `` Ill 's Solo '' , but Al Scratch is a tad better than Ill. . See the first verse of `` I 'll Take Her '' for a possibility of minor potential.In fact , `` I 'll Take Her '' is the reason why this album went from 0 stars to 1 . A clever use of one of EPMD 's lines from their `` Jane '' combined with Brian McKnight 's vocal makes for a good chorus . But that 's not enough to prevent this tape from keeping my window cracked open .
 This collection was made for World Cup USA 1994 . It is less than exciting ; perhaps three tunes are really enjoyable . If you want a souvenir the price is right . A better collection of soccer-themed music was done for the next World Cup . I 'd suggest `` Music of the World Cup
 It was such a big disappointment to have the cd finally arrive but with a big crack in the plastic case . I wrote a note and sent a photocopy of the invoice along with the unopened cd . I am waiting for a response and hopefully a cd in top notch condition .
 The whole thing feels like a B-side to me . Not up to their usual standard . Forget for a second that its the Beatles and it loses a lot of appeal . Kind of like Magical Mystery Tour and Sgt. Pepper .
 As the Beatles were releasing this album , and fading away into the self indulgent fare of their solo albums -LRB- Platic Ono Band ? ugh -RRB- , the Rolling Stones had yet to release their best work
 The Beatles had run out of things to say musically , and they could n't stand the sight of each other ; hence you get this piece of dreck . Across the Universe is good and belongs on a Lennon album . The rest is crap . Summer of '67 produced the last great Beatles music , Sgt. Pepper . Abbey Road is perhaps the most overrated record iof all time . Name the great songs on Abbey Road . Something ? The medley ? Oh , Darling ? Because ? Please ! All mediocre by Beatles standards . Paul was already doing his `` granny music '' as John called it , and John was sick of being a Beatle . They did n't have any more Sergeant Peppers in them . Like Hendrix and the Doors , they had run dry ; their best music was behind them . This album just showcases that shortcoming .
 With the type of career they had it 's easy to overlook this abomination but still it stains . No one really cares about Mcartney 's emotional problems while recording this album . The guys really needed some curly fries , hot dogs and beer and a good listen to this album . Then they would have burnt the masters . I know people might want to flame me but I challenge any one person to tell me this is their favourite Beatles long player ? or that this any more than 10 % as good as Revolver . Look past your love for the artist and see this long player for what it is .
 The Beatles started off as as what we call today a garage band of rock and roll and as John said when Brian signed them and put them in suites , `` We sold out then ... thats why we never improved as musicians `` I would have to add that they sold out as Rock and Rollers as well and the original attempt to `` Get Back '' to their roots with this album failed . Why ? Because though they acknowledged their desire to get back to their roots , they had too long abandoned them to silly songs about Nowhere Men and Sgt Peppers and Savoy Truffles . Oh they could still belt it out when they wanted too , witness Helter Skelter , this kind of noise would not be heard again till AC/DC , HS was pure rocknroll.The Beatles should either not have left or gotten back alot sooner with alot more . Unfortunatley they didnt know that the the nonesense posing as poetry turned music would deafen them to the cries of Little Richard and Buddy Holly yelling to them from beyond to love them enough to sing them once more .
 But every artist is allowed a misstep or two . I suppose we should all do so well under the circumstances .
 TO MY SURPRISE , NOTHING REALLY STOOD OUT AS I EXPECTED IT TO . THIS ALBUM DID N'T DO IT FOR ME 35 YEARS AGO EITHER . I WAS HOPING I WAS WRONG ; PERHAPS I 'M JUST TIRED LIKE ` THEY ' WERE THEN ...
 Forget this over produced rubbish . If you really care about what this album SHOULD have sounded like , and what The Beatles had originally planned to release when they recorded the music for this set , look for the bootleg CD ` GET BACK ' which is far superior to this . Now Capitol , GET WITH IT .
 Let it Be was supposed to be `` A New Phase Beatles Album '' , according to the liner notes . It was going to be the Beatles most experimental album , it would have shown the way the band molded their songs , their comments , their joking around . It was to be a true live album , every instrument and vocal recoreded at the same time , no mixing whatsoever.But big bad Alan Klein -LRB- Rolling Stones Manager -RRB- , who got his claws on the band he always wanted for himself , just did n't think this was such a good idea.So he hired Phil Spector , to make this in to a tidy accesible souless pop garbage dreck . Add strings , a snip here , snip there . Just listen to the schmarmy strings in Long and Winding Road . Thats not supposed to be there people ! And Dig It is severly edited.The full version is great . Do n't know why the butchery?The whole damn album sounds mechanical . Fake . No wonder Paul hates this album . Spector destroyed the true concept of the album
 While the audio quality of the music on this album is outstanding , the pressing of these albums leaves a lot to be desired . I got two copies of the record , and both had popping and crackling between songs , and several songs had distortion in them that was not caused by the studio tape . Capitol Records needs to examine the pressing process to see what is the cause of these defects and correct the problem -LRB- s -RRB- .
 The Beatles never sounded so awful . The production is terrible , the songs are mostly weak and underdeveloped . They were coming apart as a group when they made this and this album proves it .
 This CD has a short quicktime movie , which executes automatically when inserted into your computer . I could n't figure out how to listen to the music tracks on my computer . Itunes and other software did not recognize the existence of any music tracks . I had some difficulty until someone told me to use Windows Media Player . When I called Amazon , the customer service reps could not tell me this . The one star is reflective of this , not the music . Just be forewarned .
 this is the worst beatles album . All songs are good , but Phil Spector did NOT need to put so much orchestratian in the album . I still like the beatles , but no -LRB- ... -RRB- this is the worst beatle album . I DON , T HATE THEM , i jsut think that Spector should not have left this album the way it was and leave the orchestra alone .
 i hate to say this , but , ` let it be , ' is by far the worst Beatles album , and i say that with great reluctance . why you ask ? let 's see ; the production is atrocious and the songs -LRB- most of them , at least -RRB- , are insensitive , hurried , and , worst of all , shallow.the beatles were undeniably a great band , but this should not be at all how they are remembered . albums like , ` revolver , ' ` sgt. pepper , ' and , ` abbey road , ' blow away this dross . the only redeeming song on this album is the title track , which , i admit , is one of the best beatles ' songs ever . but if you buy it for just that song , you 're wasting money on something that is unlistenable . buy any their other albums -LRB- except , ` magical mystery tour , ' which is n't as bad but could have been better . -RRB-
 Why the hell did this album show up in my recommended search results ??? I do n't even like this album ! Those four french morons should have `` let their careers be '' and not have even bothered with this freak side-show nonsense !
 The Beatles were pretty much over by the preceding album -LRB- White Album -RRB- which consisted mostly of solo performances with some perfunctory overdubs . This album was their attempt to recapture their `` roots '' but they could not rekindle the innocence of bygone years . Only Billy Preston 's keyboard work redeems this otherwise slapped-together effort . Put it this way
 `` Let It Be '' is an amalgamation of choppy , incoherent pieces that just do n't add up . The material on this album sounds like it came from the editing room floor at Abbey Road studios and that 's where it should 've stayed!On the brighter side , the singles versions of `` The Long and Winding Road , '' `` Let It Be '' and `` Get Back '' are far better than those on the album . As an aside , to this day , I 'll never understand why they let the album version of `` Get Back '' end with Ringo saying `` On behalf of the group , I hope we all passed the audition . '' Sorry , I 'm missing something here . Anyway , Beatles fans would do well to skip this album and get their 1967-1970 complilation album that included these and other great songs of that era.Given the overall weakness of `` Let It Be , '' I think the Beatles should 've called it `` Let It Alone . '' Fans , take note .
 This is trash . You should n't blame it on Spector ; it 's the Beatles ' fault . Let It Be is very overated . The instrumentation is over worked , and the lyrical concept is idiotic
 THE BEATLES ARE SOO OVER RATED BY LET IT . BE PLAESE DO N'T SELL THIS ALBU
 I was looking forward to receiving this item until I found it in my mailbox . I ordered this item thinking it was a VINYL record like it says , but it was just a cd . I already have the cd so I just gave it away .
 Imagine if you will for a second that ` Let It Be ' had been released by a band other than the Beatles . Let 's call the band Ordnance & the Surveys . Now , ` Let It Be ' is Ordnance & the Surveys ' debut recording and it is released in 1970 when heavy rock and progressive music rules the chart . Ordnance & the Surveys ' album is a ramshackle collection of inconsequential jams interspered with the occasional - yes , that 's occasional - moment of songwriting mastery . The title track is wonderful , as is ` Across The Universe ' . ` The Long And Winding Road ' is marred by over-production but is nevertheless listenable and ` Get Back ' is a palatable single . Ordnance & the Survey 's album is badly produced and woefully out of touch with the trends of the time . Except ` Let It Be ' was actually released by the Beatles , a band almost universally regarded as the greatest in the world and critics and fans mourning their demise heaped praise on a record which , taken as a whole album , can only really be described as average . Four good songs do not a great album make . When , oh when will people learn that it 's OK to dislike some of the Beatles ' output ? I happen to be unmoved by a quite significant part of the fab four 's work . Prior to their alleged tendency to ingest certain psychedelic drugs they were a disposable pop group . If ` Revolver ' , ` Sgt. Pepper 's ... ' , ` Magical Mystery Tour ' , ` The Beatles ' and ` Abbey Road ' constituted the brilliant drug-induced high then ` Let It Be ' represents the come-down - messy , unpalatable and embarrassing .
 To be fair , The Beatles never really had their hearts into the making of this album . Recorded mostly under the harsh glare of studio lighting in the cold confines of Twickenham studio , this ` live performance ' project was eventually shelved in favour of a return to the multitrack comfort of a proper recording studio . From there , work commenced on the band 's true swan-song , Abbey Road . As the band disintegrated , Let it Be gathered dust and seemed destined to bootleg obscurity . That is until John Lennon saw fit to hire Phil Spector to tidy up the production and release it as a final Beatles album . In effect , it is little more than an odds & sods collection whose release was hardly endorsed by the group as a whole -LRB- McCartney had serious reservations . -RRB- Nevertheless , it occupies a space among the band 's other albums on the record store shelves , and therefore deserves to be held up to critical scrutiny . Unfortunately , it does n't hold up very well . Apart from Spector 's production which is an unmitigated disaster , Let it Be suffers from a serious lack of first rate material . Two of the songs are credited to all four members -LRB- Dig It , Maggie Mae -RRB- and are little more than free-form jam sessions ; Lennon contributes the weary-sounding Across The Universe ; Harrison sounds completely uninspired on his numbers -LRB- I Me Mine , For You Blue -RRB- ; and McCartney provides a disturbing glimpe into the future of his solo career , with the syrupy title-track -LRB- replete with a Leslie-tinged by-the-numbers guitar break and female choir backing . -RRB- The album 's one true moment of musical inspiration , The Long and Winding Road , is nearly destroyed by a ghastly symphonic accompaniment , courtesy of Spector . Gone are the tight , angular orchestal arrangements of George Martin , replaced by synthetic string-sections that practically drip out of the speakers . Abbey Road provided such a perfect , harmonious ending to The Beatles ' great career . It 's a shame that Lennon and company saw fit to undermine that with a half-baked souvenir album that can only be seen as a final cash-in on the band 's name .
 What a lost opportunity . The real `` Get Back '' is available from Apple in Russia -LRB- ! -RRB- backed with , of all things , `` Yellow Submarine '' . Which makes sense if you think about it . Technically , `` Get Back with Do n't Let Me Down and 9 other songs '' -LRB- the album 's original title -RRB- would have followed `` Yellow Submarine '' if the Beatles had released it as nature really intended it!The Russian `` Get Back '' sparkles with remastered sound , sounding better than the lousy UK CD releases from the 1980 's . Here 's the track listing : One After 909Don ' t Let Me DownDig a PonyI 've Got a FeelingGet BackFor You BlueTeddy BoyMaggie Mae -LRB- a hidden ` bonus track ' -RRB- Two of Us On Our Way Home -LRB- the original title -RRB- Dig It -LRB- tracking time 4 minutes 12 seconds -- awesome cut ! -RRB- Let It Be -LRB- the original , non-Phil Spector version -RRB- The Long and Winding Road -LRB- no strings , no choir -RRB- This album was actually released to radio stations in 1969 . I got my hands on a bootleg copy so I know how great it was . This is the FIRST time I 've ever seen it on CD -- at least in this EXACT form . And it 's remastered ! Pristine sound from the original masters.Why could n't Capitol release this to American/UK markets instead of the vastly inferior `` Let It Be-Naked '' ? Russian Beatle fans are treated WAY better than their American/UK counterparts . Go figure.I 'm so glad I live in LA where I can actually find this stuff . The Russians have also released the British Stones catalogue with bonus tracks ; pristine sound , UK running lineup , singles and outtakes included . Just awesome .
 This album has two giant faults which are cheesy production and a lack of great songs . There are a few bright and charming moments , but those are heavily outweighed by uninspired numbers like `` For You Blue '' and production massacres of `` The Long and Winding Road '' and `` Across the Universe . '' No number of excuses or explanations can write away these fundamental problems with Let it Be . It 's just not very good .
 With a track listing on Amazon , I assumed we were ordering a music CD , what we received was a Video CD in quick time format .
 It is truly a shame that this was ever released . They should have just bowed out with Abbey Road.With the possible exception of `` Get Back '' , this is pretty forgettable . John 's awful singing on `` Across the Universe '' is painful.Skip It .
 There is not much more to say , this is acceptionally bad for the ears and spells narcism and l'arrogance . I donot like this hiphop music
 This is dull , uninteresting music.Its only revered because most of the population like boring radio music to fit into a dull boring life .
 What goes up must come down ... . It happened to Elvis , Michael Jackson , and the list goes on and on!even the Beatles in 1969 came tumbling down ! This CD proves it . . worn out mad Beatles . Please give credit to Paul and Ringo however for putting out `` Let It Be '' Naked ... which did save this period for The Beatles .
 I never recieved this DVD ... I emailed the seller and all he wanted was my zip code , which I sent to him ... I have emailed him three times but never recieved my purchuse . I am on a fixed income and wanted it to give as a gift . . I am very disappointed ... Lois Eddy
 Let it Be at one time was great.But grow up people , it is 2005 , this album is a relic , not a classic .
 This was to be the Beatles last album together realeased in 1970 this was a horrible ending for a great career . Let it be is the 2nd worst beatles album in my opinion -LRB- Please Please me being the worst -RRB- it seemed to me like the beatles were just writing and not caring if it sounded good or not the only decent track on this album is `` the long and winding road '' othere than that i think this was just a waste of time and money .
 I still have trouble listening to this album after all these years . Spector ruined what was really an OK effort , not great . I sense the HAND of Alan Klein at work , yet again . This may have been a final cash in , but the listener is left wondering ` what the hell happend here ? ' The only two songs that ever capture me are the George Harrison penned tunes . TO me , this album is personified by I , Me , Mine .
 BY UNIVERSAL AGREEMENT , `` LET IT BE '' is considered the Beatles ' worst album . And with good reason . Here you hear four guys basically saying , `` We do n't give a f *** , we 'll self destruct , and so what ? '' They could afford to do it . But Lennon may be the most to blame - `` I Dig a Pony '' is 1 -RRB- probably their hands-down worse track , and either 2a -RRB- an unfinished sketch of a song that Lennon did n't bother to finish , or maybe worse , 2b -RRB- a deliberate attempt to destroy the group once and for all.And the totally weird thing about this album is
 Way back in the late 80 's / early 90 's there was an Australian band called Killing Time . After dramas with the fact that somebody else already had the name they called themselves Mantissa . After an 4 track EP entitled Rubys Mind big things were expected of this mob . They dropped the ball somewhat with their next EP - The Mandelbrat Set -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- . Then they gave us this . The vocals by a dude called Adam are quite alright - and he was soundly tipped to be a focal point for the female fans . Nina , their bassist , really held up the bottom end of the sound and it 's interesting that an Australian band should be using such prominent use of bass even before it became compulsory to do so during the grunge years.What lets this particular release down is the lack of drive . Whether the band were gunshy or were hoping to make the charts and did n't want to be too heavy I just do n't know . Perhaps it was having put out a couple of EP 's and just not having the material.I ca n't really discuss specific tracks here - I just ca n't separate the tracks in my mind enough to do so . One thing is for sure , the band tried hard and long and put out more albums but they never recovered their upwards momentum after this release left the local punters with cold feet .
 This is an illegal bootleg release . Buy ` The Complete Bob Marley & the Wailers 1967-1972 ' , parts 2 and 3 -LRB- from JAD Records -RRB- or Bob Marley & The Wailers albums from Trojan Records instead , if you want to have the songs on this album . JAD 's and Trojan 's releases are legal , and the sound quality is often much better on their albums . Also , if you buy the box sets from JAD , part of the money will go to the Bob Marley and Peter Tosh families and Bunny Wailer -LRB- the three original Wailers -RRB- .
 Hank was the greatest country singer of all time and ranks with Frank Sinatra in the popular music field . Even the out-of-print `` 40 Greatest Hits '' double set does n't do him justice . Go ahead and get the 10-c.d. `` Complete Hank Williams . '' He 's worth it ! Besides , prices are firming up , the set wo n't always be available , and you can leave it to your descendents . To them , it 'll be like listening to Abraham Lincoln or George Washington .
 ONE OF THE WORST RENDITIONS OF PORGY & BESS I HAVE EVER HAD THE DISPLEASURE OF LISTENING TO . WHOEVER THOUGHT A HARPSICORD WAS A PLEASING INSTRUMENT TO LISTEN TO ??? THAT 'S WHY THEY INVENTED PIANOSIS N'T IT ? PLEASE PUT THIS WHERE SOME OTHER UNSUSPECTING CUSTOMER WILL SEE IT AND RECONSIDER BUYING IT .
 These `` with strings '' albums were designed to appeal to the larger white audience and , sadly , they generally worked . They gave the buyer the feeling that they were really `` with it '' by buying an album by a true Jazz star . But it was and remains an illusion . Hefti 's schamltzy arrangements eviscerate the Jazz elements from the music , rendering it an anomalous , dessicated mush . The two stars I give it are for Brownie who shines through even against the overwhelming obstacle of these arrangements . It is a crime that great jazzmen like Brownie -LRB- and Bird -RRB- had to resort to this in order to reach a wider audience and make some decent money .
 Tiny -LRB- God rest his soul , must be long gone by now . His guitar playing reminded me of what one Roy Clark special -LRB- $ 29.99 -RRB- plus shipping and handling must have sounded like in the hands of a beginner . Not even Hawkins and Bryant help this one out . Another Prestige from the late 50 `` s that should have been left in the Fantasy vault . While alive Tiny should have listened to one of the new guitarists at his time that he liked Johnny Smith whose recordings at about the same time put this one to shame . If you like guitar in the hands of a master , get his Moonlight in Vermont cd and skip good old Tiny .
 One star ? Yeah . But not for the music . The music is five stars . One star refers to the cover . The one with Pass on it playing his guitar with a white background . For the actual lp , the cover had Joe playing his guitar , just like here . But the photo showed him in a studio . Here they omited the background the photo had & replaced it with white . Who 's idea was it anyway ?
 It hurts not to give every Duke Ellington collection a rave review . But somebody needs to take Sony to task for its poor packaging of jazz giants . While the music here is mostly fine , it 's another pick-and-choose collection that leaves out so many essentials of each period.Sony did n't have the guts to follow RCA 's lead on The Duke and produce a comprehensive and complete set of the master 's recordings from their vaults . Now I guess we have to wait until the bicentennial.Sony should just get out of the jazz business . They stink . Their representations of Count Basie 's classic recordings are a travesty . To date , Teddy Wilson 's best dates remain unreleased . I could go on and on . Jazz aficianados know the score.The only artists they 've represented well are Miles Davis and Billie Holiday . Why ? They sell . Therein lies the whole big Sony lie . They do n't care about the historical significance of the music . They only care about the bucks .
 I read a good review in Select magazine about this album , so I bought it blindly . Then , I took it home , listened to it , and I was very disappointed . The songs sounded flat , generic and not at all inspiring . Some introductions , such as `` Lady Satellite '' , were interesting , however ruined as soon Pat Buchanan 's whiney vocals fused in with the melody . Think twice before buying this idle album .
 We were very disappointed with this CD . This CD is not as good as Raffi 's excellent earlier music.Raffi 's early music is pure magic for young children
 We love Raffi and had heard &#34; Bananaphone &#34; on Pandora , hoping to one day get the CD . Got this as a Christmas present for my husband to listen to with the children and the songs were not fun ... more ballad-style . If we had known the CD was all ballads we could have just bought the song . Do n't prepare for a toe tapper with this one .
 Let 's define beauty . There 's a couple types . There 's `` as beautiful as a rock in a cop 's face '' beauty , and there 's also `` frilly dresses , makeovers , and rainbows '' beauty . One type yields better art . Guess which one.Sure , it 's possible to mix the two . In fact , it 's encouraged . But that has n't happened with this record . For all the pompous audacity of comparing this to My Bloody Valentine , there is no edge to `` Before the Dawn Heals Us . '' WhereLovelesssuggests an entire organic spectrum of emotion , with a tenderized heart hiding behind the depressive and angry gloom of white noise guitars , M83 's dry , soulless drum machines and keyboard arrangements miss the mark most of the time . Maybe it 's unfair to compare M83 to a defining record of the '90s . Huh . Maybe so.Most insipid is `` Farewell/Goodbye , '' which brings to mind the Blade Runner score as composed by an interior decorator . It 's a damn long goodbye , too , clocking in at 5:32 's worth of repetitive synth pad swells , faux theremin , and whispered melodrama . The only people tasteless enough to actually want to listen to this likely run planetariums and wear turtleneck sweaters with rainbow embroidery.Something like `` Unrecorded '' -LRB- from M83 ` sDead Cities , Red Seas & Lost Ghosts -RRB- managed a drifty , spaced-out vibe with enough musical variation to keep things interesting . They repeat that success here somewhat with '' * '' and perhaps `` Do n't Save Us From the Flames , '' although neither song can claim the mesmeric quality of `` Unrecorded , '' or of other shoegaze groups they get lumped in with . Try the latestAmusement Parks on Firerecord for a pleasant mixture of beauty with volume.The endlessly slow swells of synthesized strings and woodwinds here bring to mind space at its cheesiest , composition at its nadir , and people watching the Discovery channel in awe without ever detouring to look up the source material . Do n't save this one from the flames . Chuck it toward the sun . If the aliens find it instead of the Bach we sent them , they 'll assume we 're all interior decorators .
 I liked DEAD CITIES enough . I think I gave it 3 stars , as it was a relatively moody , listenable synthscape . Nothing ground breaking , but an enjoyable enough diversion.BEFORE THE DAWN pushes the envelope , adding more vocals and other instrumentation . It leaves the format of DEAD CITIES behind creating a mixture of synthesizer movements and clumsy songs . Some tracks are marginally jarring , but overall I just find it vapid . The track `` Ca n't Stop '' is ridiculously amateurish and painful.The second half of the CD fairs better . Sort of . `` Car Chase Terror ! '' and `` Slight Night Shiver '' are ruined by vocal and cricket tracks that completely detract for any ounce of sublime beauty the underlying music might pretend to acheive . I feel , in fact , that the best tracks on this CD are boosted by the awful ones . The contrast makes them sound better than they really are . I say this because you could take these `` better '' efforts , put them on an Enya CD , and they 'd probably fit right in . But then I 'd hate them immediately.BEFORE THE DAWN is a mediocre effort that feels very familiar and tired . Hunt down a copy of Spectrum 's HIGHS , LOWS , AND HEAVENLY BLOWS . You 'll be far better served .
 French ambient provocateur Anthony Gonzalez trades the elegant white noise of Dead Cities , Red Seas & Lost Ghosts for a more pompous adventure with Before the Dawn Heals Us . Gonzalez 's soundscapes were once contained and mimetic
 I liked `` Dead Cities ... '' , but this is truly terrible . M83 's taken the ambient and noisy extremes of that album and cranked them up horribly . All the ambient parts on `` Before the Dawn ... '' are embarassingly cheesy and boring , and the noisy parts are just irritating.Picture what some red-blooded American NASCAR fan would think of if you say `` some French dude with a synthesizer '' , and you have the awful cliche just perfectly . But Jean-Michel Jarre would n't have put out something this wanktastic twenty years ago , why put up with it now ?
 I paid good money for this CD online . The front cover of the CD says that it 's a Parental Advisory CD , but it 's not . The title track `` Daddy 's Little Girl '' is edited all over the place . This song is the reason why I purchased it & spent almost 11 bucks plus shipping & handling costs for it . I am greatly disappointed that Def Jam or Nikki D thinks that this album should be deserving of a Parental Advisory sticker if they 're not going to stay true to the music & live up to it 's Parental Advisory sticker warning label as intended . I 'm not saying I enjoy listening to cuss words in music , but cuss words really are better than listening to the annoying beeping sounds & rewind sounds that this album contains . Again , beeping sounds are worse on the ears than cuss words . They are equally if not more annoying than the bad words . I believe in my 1st Amendment Rights & we as America are losing this right slowly , but surely if the government has it 's way with us one of these days . We will soon have no right to Freedom Of Speech even through the means of adult content oriented Parental Advisory CD 's that I am well aware of & am prepared for any & all curse words contained in an album I specifically buy & listen to . When there is a Parental Advisory sticker on an album & it 's as extremely edited as tis one is , it makes me hesitate about buying any & all future albums that promise one thing , but sell the opposite . If you do n't mind edited music when the album says Parental Advisory on the front , then buy this album . But , if you want what you pay for , then you should n't . The producers & creators & musicians of this album lied when they stated it 's a Parental Advisory album . It is not . It 's an edited one . I would have been more happier if the Parental Advisory sticker was never introduced to this album & I would have had myself to blame when coming across all the edited music that was contained in it if I ever had false thoughts & reservations that this album contained explicit lyrics . I got jipped buying this album . I did not get the Parental Advisory version of this album that I as an adult listener am entitled to listen to as my own personal private to listen to this album with obviously no children around or in the room or within earshot of the music . What a waste of time in waiting for this item to come into the mail & a waste of money being lied to by the recording industry who were so brave to tag this album as a Parental Advisory CD , but was not even close to living up to that name .
 These were good songs for kids , but even they were bogged down by the boring renditions . I had never heard this artist before , next time I `` ll listen to a few songs first .
 IF you enjoy the sound of a real ORCHESTRA , stay away from this , THIS IS A BIG MESS BETWEEN SALSA AND REGGAETON , Just a BIG MESS !!! , `` What a waste of money and time '' -LRB- Try These Guys INSTEAD
 Leonard Bernstein made many fine recordings , but this is not one of them . The bells in the Witches ' Sabbath are really ugly ... almost dissonant and way too high in notes . Too bad they did n't use bells that more closely resembled funeral tolls . And the March to the Scaffold , my favorite part of the Symphonie , sounds terrible . The Ball is okay . Overall , the whole thing sounds like Bernstein set out to make this recording sound unique . I have not heard Bernstein 's earlier attempt at the Fantastique , but they say that it was much better . Previn and the LSO do a good job with Harold in Italy and the Overtures .
 This is a mostly terrible collection of re-recorded hits . Find compilations of original recodings and you 'll be much happier .
 How truly BAD this is . I almost do n't believe this is the same guy from 3rd Bass but it is . Only two tracks -LRB- Here it comes & Hit the head -RRB- are worth listening to and there nothing to write home about . I do n't know why he split with Pete Nice but man he should have reconsidered .
 What were the folks at Columbia thinking . This disc is so lame that it needs crutches to find the player . McGuinn & Company should have thought about a little more rehearsing this material a whole lot more . Clarence White 's guitar work is noodles over more noodles and goes nowhere fast . And last of all , wrong notes abound . Put this on and grit your teeth .
 You win some and you lose some . This purchase was a definite loss . What a dissapointment .
 The New Jadakiss album is unfortunately only average . Ive been seein it for awhile that Jadakiss is only better than Jae Hood and not Sheek or Styles . This album proves it to me . Jadakiss is very talented but whoever directed him on this album mislead him . I think he might be tryin to go Platinum to hard . He has a song with Mariah carey and one with DJ Quik . Jada 's obviously tryin to be felt out in LA. . The beats on this album are very soft and there is no feel at all to this album , unlike Styles and Sheeks albums . So far the worst D BLOCK albums are KISS THE GAME GOODBYE AND KISS OF DEATH . He can rap as good as any but sometimes his lyrics are redundant and boring . I think Jada 's mind isnt as open as Styles and Sheeks especially Styles . The only decent songs are already old to me because the mix tapes and radios played them out . If you neve rheard them you will have at least a couple of songs to enjoy . The best one is with SP at the end of the album . Jada needs to keep his albums more dirty and he needs to open our minds like Styles did and get some feel to his album instead of a bunch of songs .
 That should be a question that he should ask on the idiotic song `` Why '' . The lyrics are written by a man who seems totally uninformed about the world around him . Once again , another person blaming society for problems that they got themselves into . Jadakiss used to be a great rapper , especially on his albums with The LOX and his work with the Ruff Ryders , but his work on this album is disappointing . The quality of music , especially rap , is at an all time low and this album proves it . Go buy the Beastie Boys album `` To The 5 Boroughs '' if you want a new rap release that is worth listening to .
 I havent heard this album yet , and dont plan on it . Ive heard his two singles `` Times Up '' and `` Why '' and personally i thought they sucked . The main reason is well , jadakiss 's voice . I mean his little laugh at the beginning of `` Why '' and mostly all of his songs is just gay and stupid . And also is his song `` why '' he says , and i quote `` Why the whole world love my voice '' ... the whole world loves your voice ? man i hate your voice , its probably one of the most anoyying voices ive ever heard . I wont deny though , this guy can rap and he has some good lyrics , but his voice alone just makes me stay away from this stuff .
 Jada is a really good rapper . . it 's too bad his album really sucked ... do n't buy it . . TImez Up is probably the only song on there thats bangin
 Why ?? and Still Feel meI was hoping this cd was gon na be like `` Kiss The Game Good Bye '' , but sadly it was not '' :-LRB- '' If ur a die heart Jada fan COP THIS CD NOT , but if u are not `` I WARNED U '' . Peace !!!!!
 Jada I 'm sorry I hate too do this , but it ai n't that good.Only 2 tracks I likeWhy ?? Still feel me
 I CANT STAND THIS GUY WITH HIS STUPID A ** LAUGH . HE IS TOO OVER RATED . THIS ALBUMS NOT THAT GOOD AND THAT WHY ? SONG IS STUPID
 jadakiss is one of the most hyporcrytical ignorant rappers out there today just listen to that song `` why '' -LRB- which is somehow popular -RRB- and you will see he is jadakiss deserves to be dissed by 50 cent because he sucks his voice is anoying and he is so arrogant even though so many people hate him . Jadakiss rapping is not your game go do sumtin else and stop making crappy music for people to have the misfortune to hear
 I 'm telling ya on the real this cd is a bad cd I mean it.Beats C-Lyrics BOverall CI 'm sorry , but he needs to work with better people this album needs help.I still like Jada , but please work on it next time around .
 I thought this album was going to be good and I was wrong . I was expecting to hear something that would take me to another level , like the Kiss the Game Goodbye album . People might boot leg this album , instead of buying it ...
 i heard why and times up and welcome to d block , and i really liked them , anyone i knew that bought it said it was amazing , so i thought it might acually not be as wack as tha rest of tha stuff ppl are puttin out these days ... but i was sadly mistaken , those where tha only good tracks tha rest is unoriginal , unreal , and hes talkin about ice , rims , girls , and killen ppl , he actually says he is rapping for fame on one part of tha album ... THIS IS HIP POP NOT HIP HOP , not for real hip hop fansP.S . Idont know why i even bought it
 I couldnt believe my ears when i put this on it 's wack and there isnt much to say bout it `` why '' , `` times up '' and `` Shoot outs '' are the dopest tracks on here everything else is wack . trust
 After listening to THE CHAMP IS HERE mixtape , I was really looking forward to this album . However , when I bought it and listened to it , I was greatly disappointed . Being that Jada is one of the best metaphoric rappers in the game makes it even worse . This album consist of TOO MUCH R+B . It 's obvious that Jada was trying to make some dough by going mainstream . There is so much filler in the first 3/4 of the album , that you are already bored by the time anything interesting happens . Although it 's killng me to write this review , I have to be honest . Even though I 'm a fan , I ca n't just give 5 stars because of that , like some reviewers have done . If you can get your hands on THE CHAMP IS HERE mixtape , then you 'll have a real Jadakiss album .
 Jadakiss bends over for his Jew manager and takes it from behind !
 jadakiss sucks ... in the song `` why '' he says ... and i quote ... `` Why the whole world love my voice '' ... personally i think his voice is one of the most annoying ive ever heard . this cd is garbage dont buy it . and that stupid laugh he does at the beginning of every song is just annoying . i aint hatin im just tellin the truth .
 I bought this album b/c of Scott Storch the producer of -LRB- TIMEZ UP -RRB- . Jada you are not KING NAS not even close , and a mediocre album like this further lend credence to what I said above about buying the album b/c of the beat on times up .
 It makes no sense , have you evern acknowledged that rjd2 came out with a new album ? How about blockheads new album ? And of course the MF Doom/Madlib creation Madvillainy absolutley trahses this piece of commercial junk . Theres more to rap than the fruity mainstream kids , look underground for real rap .
 Jadakiss has skill in rhyming words and spiting on the mic but this album doesnt catch me into liking it . some of the songs like the one with Mariah Carey is bad . and some songs have some really horrible beats that dont go with certain songs . The only ones I really liked was `` What you so mad at '' and `` Why '' but `` Why '' got played out and then i got sick of it .
 Jadakiss sophomore debut is everything but good . Although it debuted at number one on the Billboard charts Jadakiss ' Kiss of Death is amongst the years most highly anticipated albums that deliver nothing meaningful or delightful.There is an attempt however for Jadakiss to go commercial which is never a bad thing in the money driven recording industry but even the tracks that are designed to be commercial are hideously bad . `` Shine '' featuring `` By Yourside '' is plain annoying and `` Hot Sauce To Go '' is amongst the years worst songs . Jadakiss also heavily relies on Lox members Sheek and Styles P as well as many other guest stars and is one upped by Kanye West on thier unfocused collaboration.Standout tracks are `` Times Up '' featuring Nate Dogg `` Why '' featuring Anthony Hamilton `` U Make Me Wan na '' featuring Mariah Carey the only song on the album that has potential to be a huge hit due to the crossover appeal of Mariah Carey which is n't a good thing for Jadakiss ' street credibiltiy which is rapidly fading . He may be amongst the top five dead or alive but this album is not .
 Kinda funny how people call themselves rap fans then i see them with this cd . Jadakiss sucks and so does everything else mainstream nowadays .
 Man , Diz Cd really sucked I ca n't believe he came out wit diz ! 50 Cent got beef wit Judakris n I do 2 cuz hez da fakest rapper in da buzinezz ! Datz da truth !!!!!!! I thought G-Ubit handled diz mug a long tyme ago ! Wazup wit Eminem on dis album , I thought he had beef wit Judakris 2 ! Eminem do n't have 2 b on diz album !!!!! Eminem iz way better than Judakris n makes J' z lyrics sound like pre-school lyrics!Stay tru 2 da game n do n't buy diz album cuz man it sucked worst den Ja Rule -LRB- R.U.L.E. -RRB- album ! Chi-Town Balla tellin da truth so holla bak !!!!!!!!
 yeah eating at white castle is better than this cd here are my ratings for the songs from this cdwhat you so mad at - 0 out 10 yeah im very mad that i want to throw a shriken on this cdshine - 0 out of 10 rise and shine jada that i want the f**k in sun to set rather than shinebring you down - 0 out of 10 yo jada why ca n't you give me chicken nuggets and french friestime 's up - 0 out of 10 well well well jada it 's looks like your time is up now fetch some burgers with mustardwhy - 0 out of 10 why ca n't jadakiss give me pepsi blue and 100 white castle burgersu make me wan na - 0 out of 10 yo mariah carey makes me want to jump off a buliding with hawaiian punchhot sauce to go - 0 out of 10 yo jadakiss where is my f**k in hot sauce for my chicken nuggetsreal hip hop - 0 out of 10 it 's the real hip hop to give me chocolate shakeshoot outs - 0 out of 10 jadakiss does n't deserve any shoot outs but he deserves to slip on a banana peelstill feel me - 0 out of 10 yeah i could still feel that banana peelbe your side - 0 out of 10 i rather see jadakiss in the garbage filled with opasumsgettin it in - 0 out of 10 yo wheres my g ** damn apple juiceair it out - 0 out of 10 oh fresh air does you goodwelcome to d block - 0 out of 10 everywhere we go people wan na eat uskiss of death - 0 out of 10 id rather kiss a banana insteadim goin back - 0 out of 10 im finally goin back to eat white castle
 First off , I 've ranked Jadakiss up there as one of my top 5 favorite rappers for some number of years now . I love his gritty arrogance , his insanely clever street prose , and that hard-to-put-your-finger-on energy that makes you feel the music so much deeper whenever he starts-in on a track.When I heard the first release of this album `` Time 's Up '' , I went insane with excitement , I tried everything to get a copy of that song ; ultimately I pre-ordered on amazon and began counting the days until I got in the mail.When I did , you should have seen me , I literally sprinted , not walked , but sprinted to my CD player and crammed this new gem in.Fast forward 10 minutes
 The only race their is is the HUMAN RACE . Promoting seperation of races through terms such as they is wrong . We must end racism.The only song I 've heard off of this cd was WHY and that is all it took to make me not want to buy it . That song is one of the most racist and idiotic songs ever . The lyrics say it all.Why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt?What the hell is he talking about ? Rap artists are some of the richest people in America . They just waste their money on crap like platinum bathtubs.Why they sellin ' niggaz CD 's for under a dime?Who cares . Your all still filthy rich.Why they kill Tupac n ' Chris?I assume he means rich white folks , when in reality THEY should refer to Tupac n ' Chris 's entourage who murdered them both in retaliation strikes.Why did bush knock down the towers?Either this F# * ^ % $ 's mentally retarded or he is incredibly evil . Bush DID N'T knock down the towers . He 's just too blinded by racial prejudice to realize that.And why do rapers lie in eighty-five percent of they rhymes?I totally agree with this statement . It 's too bad that it labels him a hypocrit . Nah , he deserves it.Why niggaz ca n't get no jobs?They ca n't get jobs because their idols , such as yourself , make it sound like the only way to succeed in the WHITE MAN 'S WORLD is to excel in sports , rap , or crime . Your hatred destoys your own community.Why they let the terminator win the election?OK , that has nothing to with race seeing as how he was voted into office in a state where everyone 's either a Democrat or a minority , and he 's a white republican.Why Halle have to let a white man pop her to get a Oscar?Why Denzel have to be crooked before he took it?That 's just a false conspiracy theory . Have you forgotten that long before those two won , Morgan Freeman , Sammy J. , and several other prominent black actors won Academy Awards . Besides , I disagree with Hollywood too considering it 's almost completely Communist controlled.Why all the young niggaz is dyin ' ? Do n't blame other people for that . Stop spreading racism and hate through your rap and see what happens.Why they ai n't give us a cure for aids?That 's right . The WHITE PEOPLE found the cure for aids ten years ago , but they wo n't release it because THEY hate black people . Shut up.Why you forcin ' you to be hard?Why ai n't you a thug by choice?You encourage this and yet you still wonder why young brothers are dying so much.Nobody in their right mind should waste money on this CD . If you hate THEY/WHITE PEOPLE then by all means buy this hate-filled , racist , lying , conspiracy theorist 's CD.America . Love it or leave it . If you find it to be that bad then by all means LEAVE ! You have the freedom to .
 This album is very well named b/c i think this is his `` Kiss Of Death '' to all his fans so he can get everyone to stop listening to him . I 've never been a huge Jada fan to begin with but this album i was actually hyped about gettin but of course as you can see from the rating i thought it was very poorly done and the only reason i gave 2 stars was for the track `` Why '' which i love the way he put that song together although i think the beat to it is very annoying but in my opinion this album is very weak and trying a bit too hard to be commercial and radio-friendly , what is wrong with most rappers today ? albums like this really are the reason behind P2P file sharing b/c everything is bull , only a select few are staying true to the meaning of hip-hop . Forget this album dont waste your money
 I am a big Jadakiss fan but im not going to pretend this garbage is good . I gave him a pass on the first album cause it had a few ill tracks . This time around he some how thinks hes a big star like Jay-z or something . Times up is a lame attempt to attract the west coast . Jadakiss enlists the best producers in the game again but ends up with the same lame result . If it was n't for the havoc produced why , Kiss would be dropped by interscope . I see why columbia did n't want Beyonce to be on this trash so they ended up with washed up mariah . Kiss you wan na be top 5 dead or alive ?! Try putting out a album with at least 5 good songs for once .
 This CD in my opinion is a huge disappointment . I was pumped for it , Jada 's normally on fire , but this one is just sad with the exception of a few tracks . You listen to Jada for gritty mean get pumped up lyrics . Lyrics like `` K-I-S-S me , i just wan na make love '' do not get me pumped up . and the song `` why '' i think must be in there so that rainbow coalition wusses will buy this . I 'll listen to love songs if i want to hear a love song . i listen to jada for hard-core pissed off music with hilarious and awesome puns . this will only please kids who listen to the softer stuff on day time tv .
 I dont know why people like this kind of crap . This is not hip hop people , this is mainstream hip pop . Every song sucks and the ` try to be tough ' act he puts on is just pathetic . On the song `` why '' he tries to string together different questions about whats going on in the world and he sucks at doing it . He tries to tie together a bunch of senseless and useless questions . His attempt at making a politcal track fails miserably because half the questions dont make sense , and he just yaps on about nothing important . The real question we should be asking ourselves is ... Why wont this guy shut the f -- up ? And wtf is a jadakiss ? A fag with an annoying voice , who has no lyrical skills at all has no flowing ability and should just quit rapping altogether is my guess . I cant stand people like this , they piss me off , they are killing rap . Whoever thinks this is a good cd must be a 12 year old or something , or has not grown up with hip hop and has no clue how crap like this is ruining what hip hop was . F -- jadakiss and all his supporters/fans cuz your all a bunch of jackasses . And wtf is this crap where you cant rate lower then 1 ? This cd is in the negatives if i had that option to rate it that low .
 Why did Bush knock down the towers ?? I ca n't believe he said that sh*t . This guy is an idiot , screw his lyrics , f**k this guy.That song ` Why ' sucks anyways . Many of us know about the struggle , I do n't need to hear him bitch and cry about it .
 Way to hyped for such a poor cd.Where is that one song `` The Champ Is here '' ? That 's what I was looking foward too - Instead I got a Ja Rule album apparently.Only reason I gave this CD 2 stars is because of Welcome to D-Block - the only REAL song I was feeling on here.Everything else was garbage/definition of `` wack `` Not the best of '04 AT ALL . Not even a candidate .
 yet again , it has happened . a promising rapper has become victim to the industry . its not really jada 's fault , cuz all the money 's controlled by only a couple suits at the top , but this album represents everything that is wrong with hip hop today . gim me a break , this is n't music , this is a lame ploy to make money . too bad it had to be jadakiss that had to sell out though .
 We love Raffi at our house -- my daughter always saves a seat for him at the dinner table . We did n't click with this album , though . It annoyed me , actually . Maybe we 've `` pigeon-holed '' poor Raffi .
 999 was always more than just three chords . They were three chords plus some interesting tasty fills from all players . The lyrics were always funny . This album has their simplest stuff ever with hardly anything to spice up the mix . I know punk is supposed to be low budget , but this is totally off the cuff . Way too repetitive . No spark . The guys sounded much better 25 years ago . I do n't know what happened to Jon Watson , but he needs to TAKEOVER the bass duties again . I hate that tinny , metallic sound . Guy , please play louder than the bass player ! Credit Nick Cash who , even though he 's breathless most of the time , is in there pitching . The first few cuts but are OK but the rest is lame .
 This a disappointment from the boys , love the dust . But I think they need to go back on it themselves ... Because uhm sober sevendust just does n't seem to hold it down like the old stuff . And I ` ma big supporter of growing and evolving , but I hope seasons is just a fluke and they 'll come out with a better cd ' next round . Enemy is a good track still though ... So the two stars are for that ... Hope they get back on the right track next round , I 'll still buy the next album . But if it 's bad too , well then I 'll have to look at Sevendust in the same light as Metallica ... -LRB- Used to be good . -RRB- - The Magickal Supa Kak .
 We were very disappointed with this CD . This CD is not as good as Raffi 's excellent earlier music.Raffi 's early music is pure magic for young children
 We love Raffi and had heard &#34; Bananaphone &#34; on Pandora , hoping to one day get the CD . Got this as a Christmas present for my husband to listen to with the children and the songs were not fun ... more ballad-style . If we had known the CD was all ballads we could have just bought the song . Do n't prepare for a toe tapper with this one .
 These were good songs for kids , but even they were bogged down by the boring renditions . I had never heard this artist before , next time I `` ll listen to a few songs first .
 I think that 3rd Bass really came off their lamest on this album . Most of the album has uninspired beats , and they 're so obsessed with attacking the more commercial rap artists . The worst offense is the lame Pop Goes The Weasel , where they attack Vanilla Ice and his To The Extreme 's multiplatinum success . What 's even contradicting is that the group 's rapping over a pop song in Peter Gabriel 's Sledgehammer . The music sounds like some broken food mixer when the parts ca n't spin and the screws are fallin apart in the mixing bowl . The rest of the album is nowhere as exciting as that solid 1989 debut . The New York producers on that album come up with such pointless stuff , MC Serch comes off as arrogant , while Pete Nice sounds disconnected with his partner on the songs .
 It 's funny how ignorant some people can be sometimes . Artists sell music with `` explicit Lyrics '' tag on the cover of the CD and yes , they are talking about fighting , killing , taking other guys ' girlfriends and doing sexual things to her and what they are going to do to women ... Ect ... It 's ok with me -LRB- I guess -RRB- . But when you take the same songs with exact lyrics and bring `` kids '' to the studio and have them record over it with their voices , hmmm well , I have an issue with that.That only shows how stupid the world has become . And in my case , it 's not about that , It 's the fact that there are people out there trying to protect kids and keep them away from these type of music and lyrics . But yet this crap comes out . How would you like your 8 year old singing about violence , sex and drugs ??? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This sounds like something youd hear out of a nursery ! This music has no redeeming values at all . Even if it was , it would be innapropreate for the children . If im right , fraire a ' jaques means `` come and sleep with me '' . That might be moulin rouge though . Honestly -LRB- COMMMENSE AND WE WILL DEFEAT THE QUINTON-TOES EMPIRE ! -RRB- honk honk bussy be have your hunny swee , this song is the the only good one on the album
 Let me offer here just a very brief review of Farther Along . I plan on doing a more thorough review of the last three Byrds albums -LRB- Untitled , Byrdmaniax and Farther Along -RRB- at another time . I will post it in each album 's section on Amazon . Farther Along might or might not be the Byrds ' artistic nadir , as one Amazon reviewer characterizes it . Dr. Byrds and Mr. Hyde gives it some pretty strong competition for that dubious distinction . Dr. Byrds , however , was a band rebuilding ; this is a band falling apart . Even at their worst , the Byrds were outstanding musicians . Unfortunately , that distinction is not much in evidence here . The truth is that the arrangements are pedestrian . However , this album 's greatest weakness is simply poor material . There is one and only one song that stands out and that is Bugler -LRB- spelled Buglar on my original release LP 's label -RRB- . Kind of reminds me Old Blue , the one redeeming track on Dr. Byrds and Mr. Hyde . Unmistakably , a dog love song , it tears at the heart strings of any boy whose best friend has been his dog . White 's vocal is OK , but the arrangement and the material is strong enough to overcome any deficiency in the vocal . For a Byrds fan , this cut makes the album worth it -LRB- though not necessarily at the $ 35 and up prices I see today on Amazon -RRB- . But the rest of the material is either forgettable -LRB- in the cases of McGuinn and Parsons -RRB- or you wish you could forget it -LRB- in the case of Battin -RRB- . Farther Along was an inglorious end to arguably the best American band of the 60 's and 70 's . It is good that McGuinn saw that it was time to shut it down .
 Deeply annoyed with the heavy orchestration and gospel choir backup vocals added to the Byrdmaniax material by producer Terry Melcher , Roger McGuinn and his ersatz Byrds hired hands -LRB- Clarence White , Gene Parsons , Skip Battin -RRB- were anxious to record a simpler , pared down response . The band recorded the eleventh Byrds album , Farther Along , while visiting in England in July 1971 , only one month after the release of Byrdmaniax.Farther Along was released on November 17 , 1971 and peaked at # 152 on the album charts , making it the second-worst performance by a Byrds album , peaking only slightly ahead of Dr. Byrds and Mr. Hyde 's # 153 position . The single , America 's Great National Pastime/Farther Along , was released on November 29 but failed to chart.Several of the songs on Farther Along featured a 1950s rock and roll theme . There 's very little to recommend about this album . In my opinion it 's the Byrds ' worst effort . In July 1972 McGuinn would fire Parsons who was followed by Battin in mid-February , 1973 . McGuinn officially dissolved the McGuinn-White Byrds just prior to the March 1973 release of the reunion album from the founding members.I 'm somewhat amused by all the gushing 4-star and 5-star fan reviews for Farther Along . McGuinn , Parsons , and Battin were very critical of the album.Side 1Tiffany Queen -LRB- McGuinn -RRB- - McGuinn pays tribute to Chuck Berry . Catchy but unoriginal.Get Down Your Line -LRB- Parsons -RRB- - Parsons stumbles badly with this loser.Farther Along -LRB- traditional arranged by White -RRB- - Ho-hum . B.B. Class Road -LRB- Parsons , Dawson -RRB- - For years music writers questioned why McGuinn had allowed roadie `` Dinky '' Dawson to sing lead on this throwaway tune when it was actually Parsons performing the vocal . Has my vote for the very worst Byrds song.Bugler -LRB- Murray -RRB- - The only really good song on the album . Clarence does a nice job on the vocals given his limitations . Song writer Larry Murray was a member of the Scottsville Squirrel Barkers , which also featured ex-Byrd , Chris Hillman.Side 2America 's Great National Pastime -LRB- Battin , Fowley -RRB- - More of the same Tin Pan Alley piano-driven schlock Battin-Fowley brought to Byrdmaniax -LRB- Tunnel of Love , Citizen Kane -RRB- . Antique Sandy -LRB- McGuinn , Battin , Parsons , White , Seiter -RRB- - Has a few moments.Precious Kate -LRB- Battin , Fowley -RRB- - McGuinn sings this mediocre Battin-Fowley number.So Fine -LRB- Otis -RRB- - The Byrds cover this 1959 single from the Fiestas.Lazy Waters -LRB- Rafkin -RRB- - A pretty good tune from folkie Bob Rafkin but Battin 's vocals are overdone.Bristol Steam Convention Blues -LRB- Parsons , White -RRB- - A simple bluegrass tune .2000 CD reissue bonus tracksLost My Drivin ' Wheel -LRB- Wiffen -RRB- - McGuinn and session musicians.Born to Rock and Roll -LRB- McGuinn -RRB- - The Byrds and Charles Lloyd on sax.Bag Full of Money -LRB- McGuinn , Levy -RRB- - McGuinn , White , Battin and drummer John Guerin.Bristol Steam Convention Blues -LRB- Parsons , White -RRB- - Alternate version
 `` Farther Along '' is truly the artistic nadir of The Byrds ' tremendous body of work . It showed that their flagging `` well of inspiration '' was completely dry as the members had only the most banal original material to offer their very patient and loyal audience . Skip Battin 's novelty songs rarely work , especially as a band in such dire artistic straits does n't exactly have the luxury for throwaway tracks ! The cover songs too are ill-chosen , but with one magnificent exception -- Clarence White 's version of Larry Murray 's `` Buglar '' is as wonderful as any good recording made by the later Byrds . Roger McGuinn too has little to offer , only an amusing 1950s-styled rocker `` Tiffany Queen '' and a charming trifle called `` Antique Sandy '' ; no doubt he was distracted by the reunion of the original Byrds for Asylum Records . Even Clarence White 's guitar work is nothing special and he was hardly ever less than riveting . The bonus tracks make this an essential purchase for Byrds enthusiasts as they are much better than almost all of the tracks on `` Farther Along '' and show that The Byrds had something really good up their collective sleeve after all . In fact , much of what would later become McGuinn 's promising debut solo album was recorded just after these sessions . For the casual listener or those curious about The Byrds , go elsewhere to the beginning of their catalogue .
 We are Veggie Fanatics at our house and we bought this CD after getting `` O Veggie Where Art Thou ? '' -LSB- which is just AWESOME ! -RSB- . Unfortunately , my husband and I found this CD horribly annoying . The songs are pretty terrible , including hideously obnoxious renditions of `` This Little Light of Mine '' and `` My God is so Big '' ... We 've never bought a Veggie product we did n't love , but we do n't love this one and wish we had n't gotten it . The children , however , really like it - which means I 've got these awful versions of these old songs that I love stuck in my head constantly ! : -RRB- So , I recommend that you go buy `` O Veggie Where Art Thou ? '' or some other fabulous Veggie product and skip this one .
 Well , apparently I am the only one who is n't a Raffi fan . If you think that lyrics like `` There is a spider on my head , I wish I were dead '' are suitable lyrics for a young child -LRB- track 11 -RRB- , then this is the CD for you!If not , then I 'd pass .
 I have bought that tape based on the reviews of other parents and it was a huge disappointment . The melodies are way to similar to each other , the cd is boring . Furthermore in some cases it has really scary lyrics that are absolutely not suitable for a 1,5 year old child . Not recommended at all for very young audience .
 My 23 month old daughter loves her Raffi videos , so I though this would be perfect.I was looking for a cd that had all THe songs she loves from the tape , this had the most & had great customer reviews ... ha!This is slow , boring & I THink the sound quality is a bit off .
 I know that Raffi is one of the most popular kid 's singers . You ca n't go into a kids music section without seeing his face everywhere . I tried to like him , I really did . But his voice annoys the heck out of me . Does n't anyone else notice that this guy ca n't sing ? Yuck.Buy Kimbo 's `` Six Little Ducks '' , or Greg & Steve 's `` Big Fun '' , or Joanie Bartels `` Bathtime Magic '' . In short , buy anything else !
 This sounds like something youd hear out of a nursery ! This music has no redeeming values at all . Even if it was , it would be innapropreate for the children . If im right , fraire a ' jaques means `` come and sleep with me '' . That might be moulin rouge though . Honestly -LRB- COMMMENSE AND WE WILL DEFEAT THE QUINTON-TOES EMPIRE ! -RRB- honk honk bussy be have your hunny swee , this song is the the only good one on the album
 my review is simple . this company never sent me my cd so this review is horrible . i lost money and have not been compensated for it .
 Roger McGuinn and his ersatz Byrds hired-hands -LRB- Clarence White , Gene Parsons , Skip Battin -RRB- took a break from their demanding touring schedule to begin recording the tenth `` Byrds '' album at Columbia 's Hollywood studio on January 9 , 1971 under the direction of producer Terry Melcher . Melcher later added orchestration and choir during mid-March sessions when the band was not present.Byrdmaniax was released on June 23 , 1971 and peaked at a surprising # 46 . The single I Trust/My Destiny was released May 7 but failed to chart . Glory Glory/Citizen Kane was released on August 20 and peaked at # 110 . The album was met with scathing reviews in the music press . Richard Meltzer of Rolling Stone described Byrdmaniax as `` increments of pus . '' The ersatz Byrds stated they were extremely disappointed with the finished recording . The Byrds ' instruments were largely buried beneath the orchestration , choir , and session musician Larry Knechtel 's piano . Parsons branded the record as `` Melcher 's folly . '' In his own defense , Melcher later stated he added the overdubs in an attempt to `` save '' the extremely `` weak '' material . While Parsons and White voiced their objections , Melcher said later it was `` inconceivable that McGuinn did not know about the orchestration . `` Perhaps the most disconcerting part of Byrdmaniax were songs 4 through 6 ; Tunnel of Love and Citizen Kane , written by Skip Battin and Kim Fowley , followed by McGuinn 's I Wan na Grow Up To Be a Politician . All three novelty tunes are dominated by horns , organ , and ragtime piano giving them an other-era feel that 's completely out of place in the Byrds ' oeuvre . The sheer kitschiness of the three songs , one following right after the other , overwhelms the entire album.There were claims the eerie cover art featuring `` death masks '' of the four Byrds was symbolic of the lifeless music within . Asked many years later to comment on the failure of Byrdmaniax , McGuinn stated , `` We were just idling artistically , the album sounds like we really were n't concentrating on doing good work , good art . `` Most fans consider Byrdmaniax to be the Byrds ' worst album but I believe it 's in competition with Farther Along for that dubious distinction with Ballad of Easy Rider and Dr. Byrds and Mr. Hyde following close behind . Anything more than two stars for Byrdmaniax indicates a complete lack of appreciation for musical excellence.Side 1Glory , Glory -LRB- Reynolds -RRB- - The Byrds attempt to duplicate the success of Jesus Is Just Alright with another Art Reynolds gospel number . Merry Clayton , who contributed a memorable vocal backing on the Rolling Stones ' Gim me Shelter , leads the chorus . Larry Knechtel 's rollicking piano playing dominates the recording.Pale Blue -LRB- McGuinn , Parsons -RRB- - An enjoyable , plaintive tune . The strings are a bit overdone.I Trust -LRB- McGuinn -RRB- - McGuinn 's personal mantra -LRB- I trust everything is gon na work out alright -RRB- put to song . I like it even with the overstated choral backing . Producer Terry Melcher contributes the piano part and Sneeky Pete adds some pedal steel . Sources credit Merry Clayton only for Glory , Glory but that sure sounds like her gorgeous voice leading the choir on this tune . Recorded at a October 6 , 1970 session.Tunnel of Love -LRB- Battin , Fowley -RRB- - Knechtel 's piano and organ monopolize this schmaltzy novelty tune . Do n't forget the brass and choir . Let 's all go roller skating!Citizen Kane -LRB- Battin , Fowley -RRB- - Muted trumpets escort the listener through this decadent Hollywood party . First Tunnel of Love , then Citizen Kane ? What was going through McGuinn 's head when these tracks were recorded?Side 2I Wan na Grow Up to Be a Politician -LRB- McGuinn , Levy -RRB- - If you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . McGuinn attempts to outdo Battin with his own version of schlock . Larry Knechtel 's ragtime piano complements a hot sax . Is this a Byrds album ? After listening to the last three songs , Gene Clark , David Crosby , and Chris Hillman must have lifted the needle from the acetate and walked away shaking their heads.Absolute Happiness -LRB- Battin , Fowley -RRB- - Skip extols the virtues of Buddhism.Green Apple Quick Step -LRB- Parsons , White -RRB- - An enjoyable bluegrass performance . Some great pickin ' by Clarence and Parsons . That 's Byron Berline on fiddle and Clarence 's father , Eric White on harmonica.My Destiny -LRB- Carter -RRB- - Knechtel 's piano dominates this song . Sneeky Pete adds some sweet steel licks . Clarence 's unique nasal singing style had its limitations.Kathleen 's Song -LRB- McGuinn , Levy -RRB- - This song was actually left over from the Untitled sessions . A sweet , simple number that 's overwhelmed by the orchestration.Jamaica Say You Will -LRB- Browne -RRB- - Clarence sings the best song on the album . Melcher got this one right .2000 CD reissue bonus tracksJust Like a Woman -LRB- Dylan -RRB- - Knechtel 's piano and organ hold sway.Pale Blue -LRB- McGuinn , Parsons -RRB- - Alternate version without the orchestration.Think I 'm Gon na Feel Better -LRB- Clark -RRB- - Clarence 's nasal vocals work on some songs but sound like nails on a chalkboard here . Roger reaches back for some vintage Fifth Dimension guitar.Green Apple Quick Step -LRB- Parsons , White -RRB- - Clarences father , Eric White Sr. , converses with the fellas before recording an alternate take .
 Look . Forget the 5 and 4 star reviews . This represents the end . Giving songwriting credits to Skip Battin , God rest his soul , who could not write his way out of a paper bag and letting Clarence White , -LRB- God rest HIS soul -RRB- sing , was a horrible mistake . BUT ... the Byrds were a tired band . They toured and toured over and over again and were on fumes when they tried to record this mess . Everyone involved should have taken a deep breath , took a step back and THEN try to record . But that 's the way it was back then and this is the result . I have seen over and over again writers , critics AND the public try to justify this album and you just ca n't . And the producers are to blame as well . I LOVE the Byrds but this is a horrific record . NO 12 string , NO good songs , NOTHING that says THE BYRDS in any way shape or form . Skip Battin with Citizen Kane ... are you kidding me ? Take a good , long listen to that song and tell me that 's the Byrds . Fatty Arbuckle ? Oh my God . Also , listen to Clarence White sing `` I Think I 'll Gon na Feel Better . '' What a superb guitarist . But Jeez , the voice . They were TIRED !!!! Stop with the `` Great Reviews '' OKAY ? Give it a rest , and enjoy everything else . `` Untitled '' was the last grasp at greatness . That is where it ended . And the legacy will be forever . But ... Burn this record .
 The death masks on the cover of 1971 's `` Byrdmaniax '' , the second to last album from The Byrds , really tells the whole story . This incarnation of the group was on its last legs and had to struggle to get through a competent album . For a lesser country-rock group this would be a more than acceptable effort , but for The Byrds , even this maligned edition of the group , this is below par . Producer Terry Melcher , a legacy from the classic early albums `` Mr. Tambourine Man '' and `` Turn ! Turn ! Turn ! '' , as well as their commercial renaissance at the turn of the 1970s with `` The Ballad of Easy Rider '' and `` Untitled '' , wisely decided to bury mediocre songwriting and performances under lush orchestration and a female vocal chorus . Imagine , -- a Byrds album where back-up singers are needed ! This is not to say `` Byrdmaniax '' does n't have its merits . There are some interesting originals here , particularly McGuinn 's romantic ballads `` Pale Blue '' and `` Kathleen 's Song '' , and his humorous swipe at leaders in `` I Wan na Grow Up To Be A Politician '' . Even bassist Skip Battin , usually the embarrassing element of the later Byrds , contributes a lovely Buddhist hymn called `` Absolute Happiness '' , reminiscent of his collaboration with drummer Gene Parsons on `` Yesterday 's Train '' from the fine `` Untitled '' album the year before . Clarence White 's contribution is a warm cover of his friend Jackson Browne 's `` Jamaica , Say You Will '' , the most Byrdsy track on the album . White 's guitar playing does n't seem to be in the forefront on this album because it seems to lack inspiration . In fact , the group generally sounds tired and disinterested . This is preferable to their final album `` Farther Along '' because there is an attempt at creativity here on someone 's part , probably Melcher 's . There are also better songs , though a number of duds too , such as Battin 's novelties `` Citizen Kane '' and `` Tunnel of Love '' -LRB- co-written with Kim Fowley -RRB- and some weak covers such as `` Glory , Glory '' -LRB- an attempt to duplicate `` Jesus Is Just Alright '' -RRB- and the dire `` Is This My Destiny '' . The bonus tracks too are weak and insubstantial . Byrds fanatics will have to buy this , but the casual listener or new convert should begin with 1965 's `` Mr. Tambourine Man '' and end with 1970 's `` Untitled/Unissued '' .
 No doubt about it , this is the weakest/worst of the Byrds ' regular albums and was a huge disappointment to me when it was released . Obviously , there are some pretty good tracks here -- Kathleen 's Song -LRB- although swamped in strings -RRB- , Pale Blue , Glory Glory -- but there are also some absolute stinkers -- Tunnel of Love , I Wan na Grow Up to be a Politician . What saved this album for me was Jamaica Say You Will , with a very evocative performance of a great song . This was my introduction to Jackson Browne -LRB- who wrote the song -RRB- , which caused me to buy his first album when it finally came out . Regardless of the merits of the rest of the album , this alone justifies the existence of Byrdmaniax for me .
 No one is a bigger Byrdmanic than I am . But after Crosby left the Byrds it was generally downhill . In 1969 Dr. Byrds and Mr. Hyde came out and the song `` Drugstore Truck-Driving Man '' made me think that the Bryds had lost their jangly 12-string sound , which they had.A few years later in college I took a chance and bought this record as a cut-out . I really believed that it was putrid . And for decades later you could not interest me in anything that the Byrds recorded after Sweetheart of the Rodeo.Finally David Fricke puts together these expanded versions of the original Byrdy albums with liner notes . Owning all of the first five Byrdian CDs in their original format I was not about to buy most of the same music again . So I figured , Oh , I remember Byrdmaniax . Think I will buy it for nostalgia 's sake.And I was right all along . This is no Byrds album , just some outtakes or something with strings added . But what I discovered when I bought and listened to the Byrds previous Untitled album from thirty years ago is that the McGuinn/Battin/Parsons / White version of the Byrds was still capable of good music . Untitled was excellent , both for its live and studio songs.But not this one . Fricke says to listen to this album again with open ears . Well I did and I still dislike it.Buy this one to complete your Byrds collection , but for no other reason .
 Even for the most die hard of Byrds fans , there is really no reason to buy this album . There are a few decent songs - Glory , Glory , I Trust , Kathleen 's Song , which are available elsewhere -LRB- like the box set , or the Unissued disc -RRB- . The album truly lags in the middle , with the trio of novelty songs . Skip Battin & Kim Fowley 's wretched Tunnel of Love and Citizen Kane -LRB- I ca n't decide which one qualifies as THE worst Byrds song ever -RRB- , and McGuinn 's worst Gene Tryp song
 This stuff does n't come anywhere near the Byrd 's best releases . There is very little attractive about it . The only tracks that come anywhere near the quality I expect out of a good Byrds record are # 3 and # 6 . Do yourself a favor and DO N'T get this one . This record is much maligned , and it deserves it !
 This is the worst of the Byrds albums . The production is terrible , but may have been necessary to cover-up the poor performances . It seems that the Byrds had run out of songs to record and lacked the enthusiasm to record them . Other reviewers have identified a couple of cuts that are acceptable - I disagree . I ca n't find a single song that I would ever play again . The McGuinn/White/Parsons / Battin team struck out with this album , but finished on a high note with `` Farther Along '' , the last Byrds album -LRB- before the boring `` Reunion '' album -RRB- .
 What the -LRB- blank -RRB- happened to Pete Nice ? I had always wondered what happened to the Prime Minister after 3rd Bass imploded . I knew Serch put out a CD but I never even knew Pete did until recently . Sadly ... . now I know why ! I could barely even listen to this CD and have n't touched it since . If you wore out your 3rd Bass tapes back in the day and want to hear Prime Minister in action again ... Just get the 3rd Bass CD 's and forget this crap ! Oh do n't believe me ?? Check out how much it 's selling for . *** UPDATE *** 01/24/13I 've listened to this CD several hundred times since 2005 and I 'll admit it ... . I WAS WRONG ! The Lumberjack , The Rhapsody -LRB- in J minor -RRB- , Kick the Bobo and Blowin ' Smoke ! Pete was getting down like Charlie Brown ! Guess I was so used to 3rd Bass I just could n't hear it . This one is a gem buy it .
 This is the wrong version of this CD !!! It only has 18 tracks but it should have 19 , including two unlisted `` commercials '' . Track 19 on the US version is Shamrocks And Shenanigans -LRB- Boom Shalock Lock Boom/Butch Vig mix -RRB- .
 This is the wrong version of this CD !!! It only has 18 tracks but it should have 19 , including two unlisted `` commercials '' . Track 19 on the US version is Shamrocks And Shenanigans -LRB- Boom Shalock Lock Boom/Butch Vig mix -RRB- .
 Well sorry to say but Red Baron , The Reckoning , and the first song Declaration Day are the best songs.I 've heard the whole album and sorry to say the rest is well . . pretty darn cheesy.The riffs are very mundane for iced earth . . i mean come on they do it on a few songs lets keep it steady.And the main 9/11 song when the eagle cries is very thoughtful . . but lacks that certain passion it should have.Especially with Ripper on vocals . . to me it seems that sometimes he fits and other songs he doesnt . . mostly the soft songs.Just seems that Matt was SUPPOSE to sing on these . . but fate didnt allow it.But it is a good dedication album to americans and freedom . . but not in the world of hardcore iced earth fans . . sorry .
 The loss of Matt Barlow , in addition to Jon Schaffer taking over nearly all of the songwriting he already claimed a majority of , I 'm afraid to say , is killing the life out of this band at least at first listen to this single -LRB- I will pick up the full length album to verify if this is true or not -RRB- . Horror Show while not a bad album , failed to excite like previous Iced Earth efforts . However , even with cliched triplet riffs , somewhat corny lyrics and bland arrangements , Matt Barlow 's deep , rich voice saved that album in the end.Enter 2003 and the acquisition of a new lead singer , Tim `` Ripper '' Owens . Jon Schaffer 's ego has ballooned along with his Republicanism , and I 'm afraid to say its had an adverse effect on his music . The single/ep/whatever starts with `` The Reckoning '' a typical Iced Earth heavy song of old . Tim just can not cut it compared to his predeccesor , even if he has the pipes to do so he is up to his old tricks that he should have given up after being booted out of Priest -LRB- harsh shrieking , little else -RRB- . As someone who has the potential to develop his voice to better effect , it is probably ultimately Jon Schaffer who took over the reigns from Glenn Tipton as far as controlling what Tim can and can not sing . There are also better songs off the new album that should have been selected as the single . `` Red Baron/Blue Max '' is not only one of the sole songs off the new album that there is a contribution from Ripper , but it is also likely the best new Iced Earth song . Shame that it was n't this song selected as the new single . `` When the Eagle Cries '' is probably the worst Iced Earth ballad EVER , and it is not the Jingoism that makes it so -LRB- `` Ghost of Freedom '' was still a good song -RRB- . Tim sounds awful on the ballad , but again its probably because he was n't given enough freedom to put his own mark on it . `` Hollow Man '' and `` Valley Forge '' are a bit better , but ultimatey sound like they serve as filler on the new album . I 'm not giving up on Iced Earth , but it will take 5-6 great songs to make me a fan of the new album when it comes out , and these are not even close to that .
 Someone else said it best about Ripper Owens era Judas Priest : `` Ripper Owens has done to Judas Priest what Blaze Bailey did to Iron Maiden . `` He 's now doing the same thing to Iced Earth . This is an album that Jon Schaffer will rerecord in a second if they ever find a decent vocalist again . You almost have to ignore all of the vocals and listen to the music . If I could I 'd take the vocals out of the album and leave the rest of it as is , and I 'd like to do the same for the Glorious Burden when it comes out I 'm sure .
 Wow ... Let me start by saying that I am a fan of Iced Earth -LRB- IE -RRB- and have been for many years . I was excited to learn about their forthcoming album and I was excited about the subject the material would be focused on . Then ... it happened -LRB- or should I say ... we learned that it happened -RRB- . Matthew Barlow -LRB- Matt -RRB- was to leave the band for reasons -LRB- noble reasons -RRB- of his own . I was shocked , but at least I would be able to listen to one more IE album with his vocals on it . Uh-Uh . He would not appear on The Glorious Burden -LRB- TGB -RRB- . Who could replace him ? I do n't know . No one came to mind . There 's got to be someone out there with a similar pitch , a dedication as pure and a heapin ' helpin ' of soul to match . I thought it would take time , but Jon Schaffer -LRB- Jon -RRB- would make the right decision.When I heard the news of who would replcae Matt , I nearly choked . I 'm sorry , but I 'm not a fan of Tim Owens -LRB- Tim -RRB- . I was very worried TGB would not be so glorious . It seems I am not too far from the mark based on my opinion of The Reckoning -LRB- TR -RRB- . The song The Reckoning begins the EP . It 's a powerful opening -LRB- I would expect nothing less from IE -RRB- . I am enthused . The chorus wails and it is a chorus that I associate right away with an IE song . It just sounded like IE . I was thrilled . But wait . Tim has not opened his mouth up yet . Now he has . Like nails to a chalkboard . His screeching voice forces me to lower the volume so no one around my vehicle thinks I actually enjoy this type of vocal . My stomach clenched . I could not believe that Jon would hire this guy to replace Matt . I give the Reckong -LRB- the song -RRB- 1 of 4 stars.When the Eagle Cries -LRB- Unplugged -RRB- has a lot of potential until -LSB- once again -RSB- Tim opens his mouth . This guy has the harmonics and melody of an auctioneer . Tim ca n't hold a note to save his life . This sounds like a garage band 's demo if you set aside the high-end production . The only time he sounds decent is when backing vocals are supporting him . Otherwise , on his own , he stinks . I give this song and the next 3 songs ... 1 out of 4 stars.All in all , this is a mediocre display of the talent we have already seen surfaced in IE . The music/riffs are run-of-the-mill , the lyrics -LRB- on Hollow Man , especially -RRB- are sub-par and the vocals are horrible . I 'm sorry.I do n't have many bands that I hold in high regard , but IE has always been one of them . It 's a shame this has happened . These are just my opinions , but I am a fan and I think I have a right to voice them.In conclusion
 This Dvd is terrible ... the picture quality is junk and there isnt even a menu its just one continuous loop of biggie songs , no pauses or intros it just goes right from one to the other . Quite Disappointing .
 This is n't lively enough to appeal to children .
 and why does Black Sheep back them ? I have no idea.The first time I heard The Legion was on the Black Sheep track `` We Boys '' off their `` Non-Fiction '' album . They were aaaiiight ... nothing special . When I randomly found this album , I saw that they had tracks w / Black Sheep , Chi Ali -LRB- `` Who 's it on , pt . II '' -RRB- & Showbiz & A.G. -LRB- `` Who 's it on , pt . I '' -RRB- so I decided to give them a chance.The Legion consists of
 The title song is wonderful , and my daughter loves it . The rest of the songs , however , are very annoying for the adults to listen to over and over . The CD frankly drove me nuts from the second time through . If you are looking for something to add to a play list , I would look elsewhere .
 I am a big fan of Raffi , and I have been since birth . I was even a fan of his while inside of my mother . My dad did a show of his in Tampa Florida and I began kicking my mom 's stomach when I heard his voice . He is the best ! I am sure I will listen to him for the rest of my life , until I die .
 Harbinger and This Fire are great - very original . The first time I listened to this CD , I realized that I had stopped listening after the 2nd or 3rd track . The songs were just not as distinct as those on her first two albums .
 Let me start off by saying that I have loved Paula Cole for a very long time . I first heard of her when I saw her open for Sarah McLachlan many years ago - I was amazed . That was the first time the opening act was better than the headliner.I immediately went out and bought her album Harbinger . My exitement was palpable on the day of This Fire 's release , and I was not disappointed . I saw her twice while she was touring in support of This Fire , and both shows were thrilling.Then came Amen . Again I was excited - but this time I was sorely disappointed . Now , I have no problem with an artist striving to grow , try new things , and move in new directions . They should move forward , however , not backward . This album is just not very interesting , to be frank . The songs are rather hackneyed , and the lyrics are trite . I have no problem with Paula sharing her convictions as a Christian - that is not where my complaint lies.I gave this record 2 stars because I will always love her voice - I just feel bad that I can not enjoy an album by one of my favourite artists.As an example - I was just listening to a live version of Paula covering `` Jolene '' - which is always the finest moment of any Paula Cole show . Realising what she truly is capable of , it saddens me all the more to think of `` Amen . `` Hopefully she will get back on track with her next attempt .
 I loved the cd `` This Fire '' . The songs are without flaw . I thought I had discovered a new musical `` idol '' . I have long been a Genesis and Peter Gabriel fan . When I saw his name aphixed to the cd , I gave it a try . I discovered a selection of songs that exceeded anything Gabriel has ever done . So I went out and purchased `` Amen '' without a thought . I was a little leery when I detected the spiritual bend -LRB- being agnostic myself -RRB- , but I have listened to many artists decree there spiritual growth and still maintain artistic integrity . -LRB- early Bruce Cockburn comes to mind -RRB- . I was sadly disappointed . Ms. Cole seems so focused on the words , that the music is hardly considered . Where `` This Fire '' was totally solid , Amen is very week . Words seem to be cramped into hurried melodies . There are still moments when her marvelous voice is tested , but her song writing talents are lost . I hope she has expunged the need to decree her spiritual dictates . I am very disappointed .
 I loved the cd `` This Fire '' . The songs are without flaw . I thought I had discovered a new musical `` idol '' . I have long been a Genesis and Peter Gabriel fan . When I saw his name aphixed to the cd , I gave it a try . I discovered a selection of songs that exceeded anything Gabriel has ever done . So I went out and purchased `` Amen '' without a thought . I was a little leery when I detected the spiritual bend -LRB- being agnostic myself -RRB- , but I have listened to many artists decree there spiritual growth and still maintain artistic integrity . -LRB- early Bruce Cockburn comes to mind -RRB- . I was sadly disappointed . Ms. Cole seems so focused on the words , that the music is hardly considered . Where `` This Fire '' was totally solid , Amen is very week . Words seem to be cramped into hurried melodies . There are still moments when her marvelous voice is tested , but her song writing talents are lost . I hope she has expunged the need to decree her spiritual dictates . I am very disappointed .
 The talent is there , and the spirit is willing but the material is untempered and otherwise over-the-top , lacking the mature vision the moment demanded . Truth is , the people around Cole should never have let her issue this overripe execution of underdone fare . A live album with some stronger new material -LRB- and cool covers -RRB- , followed by a studio work with a more grounded and humble perspective on herself and the world would still be the wisest course . Live , learn from mistakes , do better next time ; that 's the artistic process .
 I was disappointed at this album . It seems the FIRE has burnt out . It 's way too mellow for me .
 After listening to Paula 's previous album endlessly for two years , I was really looking forward to her new release . But after hearing it , I was terribly disappointed . None of the songs are even worth listening to again .
 Sorry Paula this one is a disapointment . I always hate when artist start taking themselves to seriously and Amen is full of that . I hoped for more `` fire '' and got a trip to church !
 I had high hopes for Amen . Artists such as Tori Amos and Sarah McLachlan have outdone themselves on their third albums , and I was expecting Paula , queen of musical and lyrical daring , to do the same . Boy , was I disappointed.If you loved `` This Fire '' for its passion , anger , strength , lust , wistfulness , joy , and fury , for the vibrant rhythms and Paula 's voice that could leap from whisper to scream , do n't buy `` Amen '' . Perusing the lyric booklet , I was surprised at the strong religious bent to this album . If you 're like me and do n't like Christian music , take a clue from the song title `` God Is Watching Us '' and avoid.The entire album is composed of watery ballads about God 's love . Granted , a few songs are decent , and Paula 's foray into rap should be applauded . But there is nothing on this CD with the spark that drove This Fire . Lyrically , Amen is a huge disappointment . The theme of each song is basically the same and the lyrics are childishly simple . Musically , Paula regresses into bland , uninspired , fluff with high-pitched , Mariah Carey-esque vocals.In `` Amen '' , Paula Cole displays little of the creativity that made her first two albums so unique . I will continue to listen to `` This Fire '' faithfully , but `` Amen '' is going straight to the secondhand store .
 All right , look ... I 'm all for expermentation and pushing the envelope , but when you 're singing about critics negatively reviewing your album -LRB- as Paula does on AMEN -RRB- , it feels to me that not only did she make a BAD album , she KNEW she did . I attempted to exchange this at a used CD store in my neighborhood , and the dealer had more than he needed , and refused me . 3 weeks after this album 's release . That speaks volumes , people . If you 're going to get a good album by Paula Cole , get `` This Fire . '' If you 're unclear on what the definition of preachy is ... buy this disc . The name says it all .
 most of the good reviews I 've read are from people who do n't want to beleive this album is rotten . I would bet anything they do n't listen to it more than 10 times and put this fire back in the cd changer !
 Okay -- who took the real Paula Cole and replaced her with a humorless , simple-minded impostor?Don ' t get me wrong . I am -LRB- maybe I should say WAS -RRB- a huge Paula Cole fan . Her last album , `` This Fire '' was one of the most brilliant I have ever heard , with intelligent and insightful lyrics . So what happened between `` This Fire '' and `` Amen '' ? She seems to have found God , and apparently he told her to make bad music.To me the biggest shocker is how atrocious the lyrics on `` Amen '' are . One of the things I had always found amazing about Paula Cole was how should could pull from her personal experiences and produce moving , brutally honest descriptions of her emotions and psyche . On `` Amen , '' however , she just moves from one banality to the next , delivering such trite lyrics as `` I believe in love to be the way to find our inner light , '' `` I want to be somebody , I want to make a difference , '' and `` I wan na be free . '' Good lyrics should challenge listeners and touch them emotionally ; these lyrics do nothing but bore the listener.In addition , the songs ' themes are extremely repetitive . Essentially , every song is more or less about how God 's love is so great even in spite of how terrible the world is . This repetition gets annoying very quickly , and the fact that she does n't deliver this message with any profound insight simply compounds the problem . These lyrics are the kind that one would expect to come from a 10-year-old in Sunday school , not from an intelligent professional singer.Musically , `` Amen '' does n't fare that much better . With the exception of the jazzy `` Rhythm of Life , '' none of the songs are even remotely daring . After you listen to one bland , sappy ballad after another , it becomes very hard to tell them apart . Making the music even less tolerable is the fact that the songs are all excessively long , typically clocking in at about 6 minutes . This might be okay if her lyrics were interesting or if her melodies were engaging ; instead , the songs become an exercise in needless repetition . -LRB- As a side note , I wonder why all of a sudden Paula feels the need to put the spotlight on the band -LRB- their pictures are in the lyric sheets and the artist is officially called the Paula Cole Band -RRB- . While I suppose they are adequate , they do n't seem to possess any special abilities that justify this puzzling move . -RRB- So , for all of you out there who believe that they are Paula Cole fans , BEWARE ! This is not the same singer you have come to know and love . It 's shocking how a musical genius would produce such garbage and be willing to put her name on it . Hopefully this will be just a phase for her and she will come back to her senses . Otherwise , she will lose one of her biggest fans .
 What ever happened to Paual Cole ? The orginality and spark that marked her last two albulms has been replaced by a vapid , polished , overproduced and preaching list of songs . One of her songs , refers to all the `` jaded '' people who will react negatively to her new direction . Add to that , that from most of the songs , Paula seems to think she 's become a representation of inner city life , going so far as to adapt a Zola Neal Hurston story and to explain in other songs how rough she has it and the `` Full of herself '' meter is filling up fast . Besides the music lacking inspiration , the lyrical cleverness so apparant on `` This Fire '' seems to have been replaced by her deisre to repent for past behavior . Definitley one of the major disappointments of this year . I 've already sold the disc to a used music store . Save your money and buy a CD at random for better results .
 After listening to Amen I would think twice about purchasing another Paula Cole CD . I was extremely disappointed in the Amen CD considering I loved This Fire . It does n't appear that Paula Cole is writing songs that the same audience would appreciate . In addition , a lot of the words of the songs are barely audible making listening to the words in your car , let alone anywhere else , practically impossible .
 `` Amen '' equals `` Ouch '' . Paula , if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ... This departure into soul/r & b/rap stinks on ice . You are an exquisite vocalist and writer , , , , why have you taken the low road and produced such a typical sound on this new cd ? You have been an extraordinary new force on the music scene since `` Harbinger '' and I have been a fan since day one , seeing you perform live in tiny venues such as Philadelphia 's Tin Angel before no one knew your name ... and now with the success of `` This Fire `` s '' worst song ... `` I do n't want to wait '' you continue the popsy , common sound on `` Amen '' . Yuck . This schlock belongs on AM radio ... ` nuff said .
 You would think in the CD age , a person could afford to put more than 9 songs on a CD . This is obviously a rush job for Paula , and a ripoff for anyone who pays full price for this CD . Not to mention , of the nine songs , there are only a few choice cuts on the CD to choose from . The opening track `` I Believe in Love '' is the real highlight of the album , although the lyrics sound a bit lame . Whatever Paula is going through right now personally , I can respect , but this CD really underlies her talent .
 I would most certainly consider myself a BIG Paula Cole fan . I would consider Amen to be a BIG Paula Cole disapointment . This CD completely lacks the passion that fills her other musical efforts . I would even go so far as to say that this CD is not even worthy of a third listen . I listened twice to make sure I was n't missing something . I was n't . Hey , I know that not every CD by an artist will hit a home run . This one doe n't even make it off the bench .
 I was SO excited when I heard the first single off this album ... then I bought it . How could someone create a masterpiece like `` I Believe in Love '' and then fill the rest of the cd with diary entries ? How could someone as talented and original and unique as Paula Cole display NONE of those attritutes on her new album , except for one track ?? How could an artist listen to the final product and not think , `` you know , it sounds like we put all our efforts into the first song , let 's go back to the studio ! '' ? I ca n't believe the same person I saw progress from `` Harbinger '' to `` This Fire '' put out such a dull , trite , insipid product .
 If Whitney Houston was backed up by the theme from `` Shaft '' you 'd have Paula 's new sound ... it 's new , it 's old , it 's very odd , and it 's not much like the wonderful and idiosyncratic set of previous CD 's she 's done . I 'm waiting for the next one and hoping that her original , erotic and beautiful voice and song writing style return .
 The first official Lillith causality has arrived with a loud thud . Maybe there is something to the Grammy 's Best New Artist Curse because this CD is in need of a big prayer . Paula Cole arrived with `` This Fire '' two years ago and seemed the perfect angry visionary to Sarah McLaughlans blissed out fairy godmother routine . A match made in Lillith heaven . Cole roared with songs like `` Tiger , '' and `` Road to Dead , '' and displayed an electrifying stage presence and it looked as if a star was born . Well it looks like the Lillith supertrend of yesterday is quickly going to become todays tired cliche . It is hard to believe that an album like the self aconscious and absorbed `` Amen '' could come from the same artist that did `` This Fire . '' This CD is limp , trite and watered down with juvenile lyrics -LRB- a la Jewel -RRB- that would read better in a childs book . Coles dabbling in R & B comes off as a big rip off and terribly uninspired . Hope all the royalities from `` I Do n't Want to Wait '' are in the bank . As for the fans money , order a copy of Lori Carsons ' magnificent new CD `` Stars '' - you wo n't be disapointed like I was with this mess .
 What can i say besides `` yuck '' ? i loved `` This Fire '' , but `` Amen '' definitely does not meet the same standard of quality . Let 's face it though , Paula will never surpass her other female peers such as Tori Amos or Sarah Mclachlan in terms of music or lyrics . Go buy Mirrorball or To Venus And Back . One reviewer below said that Paula had more to offer than songs for a Dawson 's Creek soundtrack ... Well , i agree , she does have more to offer . Unfortunately , nobody wants it !
 I understand that some loyalists really appreciate this album , and are unhappy with the more critical reviews . I will preface my review by saying that I respect Paula as a singer , songwriter and producer . I enjoyed seeing Paula live in 1998 . I feel that I approach the art of music in an honest way ; I do n't expect musicians to be hit machines , and I appreciate the urge to try new things , new sounds and new ideas . As Joni Mitchell once said , `` No one ever said to Van Gogh , ` Paint another Starry Night , man ! ' `` Having said all of that , I have to say that , in my opinion , this is truly one of the worst albums I have ever heard . The songs are sonically unfocused and Paula 's voice largely seems at odds with the backbeats . The songs are also lyrically weak at best and overblown at worst ; `` LaTonya '' in particular is a song filled with good intentions but is entirely too earnest and wholly lacking authenticity ; Paula 's attempt to embody a downtrodden girl from the projects falls flat.I would recommend people unfamiliar with her work to look at her first two releases and keep a keen eye out for her , but to avoid this release like the plague .
 I 'll keep this short ... like the length of time that I owned this album before selling it back to a local CD store . One customer who previously reviewed this album on Amazon.com said it best
 I did n't expect an album called `` Amen '' - especially coming from Paula Cole-to LITERALLY be filled with God-speak and dull lyrics . `` I want to be somebody ... for we all are children of the father '' or `` I wan na be free '' sounds like something from `` We are the world '' . Too many songs on this album are dragging , simplistic , and preachy . I 'm going to the CD exchange place as soon as possible . I give one star for `` I Believe in Love '' , the only song with potential on the album , although it , too , lacks originality .
 Paula Cole is easily one of the most overrated performers of the past decade . Her voice is weak , her production is sloppy , `` Where have All the Cowboys Gone '' has some of the dumbest lyrics I 've ever heard , and if I have to hear `` I Do n't Want to Wait '' once more I will throw myself in front of a bus . As part of my job , I had to review the `` Amen '' CD . I could n't listen to it all the way through . Simply awful , pretentious and preachy . And it is a complete flop , both critically and commercially . Maybe now we will never have to hear her again . Now , if the same thing would only happen to Jewel ...
 Paula Cole is easily one of the most overrated performers of the past decade . Her voice is weak , her production is sloppy , `` Where have All the Cowboys Gone '' has some of the dumbest lyrics I 've ever heard , and if I have to hear `` I Do n't Want to Wait '' once more I will throw myself in front of a bus . As part of my job , I had to review the `` Amen '' CD . I could n't listen to it all the way through . Simply awful , pretentious and preachy . And it is a complete flop , both critically and commercially . Maybe now we will never have to hear her again . Now , if the same thing would only happen to Jewel ...
 Waxing pseudo-philosophic ramblings on 1996s ` This Fire ' , pondering an unsuccessful acclivity toward a Kate Bush hierarchy , I avoided this like a Jewel CD , and I was n't alone . At not even platinum , it seems that the 2 million or so who were suckered in by its predecessor -LSB- thank goodness for promo CDs -RSB- knew better the second -LSB- or third , but who heard the first one ? -RSB- time around . Music masochist that I tend to be at times , I finally decided to dive head first , barely surviving this self-prophecy at its most self-aggrandized . My grade
 I was so excited for this CD after Cole 's excellent `` This Fire . '' And I was really excited after hearing the opening track , `` I Believe In Love . '' This is a fantastic slice of Philly soul and I hope it becomes a big hit . However , halfway throught the next song , the title track `` Amen , '' everything started to crumble.I 'm not sure what Cole had intended to do , but the music and lyrics that follow sound like an artist lost in an identity crisis . Besides the voice , there is no hint of Paula Cole here . All I hear is someone trying to be a Lauryn Hill or Erykah Badu and not succeeding . She is totally out of here element here . The lyrics range from okay to just plain bad . In addition , they are often self-centered and preachey . There is no trace of the beauty she created on `` This Fire . `` I 'm all for an artist challenging themselves and their audience . After all , who wants to hear the same music on every CD -LRB- see George Strait -RRB- . But this is a failed attempt at a new direction . I guess I 'll just keep listening to `` This Fire '' until her next disc comes out .
 Forget `` Where Have All the Cowboys Gone '' . Where has Paula Cole 's talent gone ? Except for the opening track , it 's not on display on this disappointing , forgetable cd . It 's nowhere near as good as THIS FIRE.Sorry Paula , but this stinks .
 This is Ms. Cole 's worst offering . I totally loved `` This Fire '' and most of `` Harbringer '' . This album is laced with Mariah Carey sounding vocals -LRB- who 's doing the high stuff ? - NOT Ms. Cole -RRB- , Alanis 90 's disco grooves , and Dr. Dre sounding beats . Her lyrics I might give 2 stars to , but there very self-centered and pretentious most of the time . This was a drag becuase I have been a fan of Paula 's since her days with Peter Gabriel - but this `` Amen '' album is terrible . I was totally dissapointed . Thanks for selling out , Paula .
 I enjoyed her first cd so much I cant believe this is the same girl.There is 2 or 3 good tracks the rest are boring and yes I listened to it at least 10 times thinking I might change but no it did not happen .
 This album was a total diappointment , with a capital D . There are a few songs that are OK-like Pearl and Amen-but adding hip-hip and rap styles to this album was a definite MISTAKE . I personally abhor rap and hip-hop , so naturally this album was a waste of money for me . I would n't have given it even one star , but there were no other choices . If you like rap and hip-hop , then you will be pleased with Paula 's transitions here . I hope she departs from the style of this album is she produces any more .
 I had such high hopes when I read all the great reviews for this cd , and after giving it too many tries , I am terribly disappointed . -LRB- I 'm the type of insomniac that falls asleep easily , but after 4 or 5 hours , wakes up continuously . I also need earplugs , so even if this cd was starting to work , I still have to sit up , turn it off , put in earplugs , and try to fall asleep again -RRB- . Shapiro 's repetitive instructions just annoy me -LRB- I heard you the first time ! -RRB- , and tracks 3 and 4 -LRB- to lull you back to sleep after you 've woken up -RRB- were much too short and hard to visualize . As track 2 progresses , her voice gets too soft to hear , making me strain to hear it and waking up again.I give it 2 stars because I like her mind-clearing technique ; I use it along with some mini-moves from `` The Insomnia Solution , '' a book that 's finally helping me calm my mind and get some rest . Forget the cd and try the book .
 I have not found this CD helpful in getting to sleep . Roberta Shapiro 's voice is not all that soothing to me , and she repeats phrases , which I find annoying and want to respond to with `` Yeah , I heard you the first time ! '' Sorry , I really wanted to like this CD but I do n't . I use Steven Halpern 's `` Sleep Soundly '' , which is all music , or one of the `` Detaching from the World '' CDs . I 'm considering getting `` Pillow Music '' too .
 I 'm an insomniac as well as a multiple waker every single night . I bought this cd in the hopes that I would n't need to take a heavy dose of sleeping pills every night to get to sleep . It did n't work for me . her voice is too loud for me , there is no soothing quality about it at all . repeating the same words over and over did n't do much for me either . I am very disappointed in this cd and definitely would n't recommend it .
 Really disappointed in this given the strong reviews . Not enough direction , basically a disembodied voice telling you to clear your mind , sweep thoughts away , think of sunsets and beaches . . but not much direction as to how . If it was that easy to clear one 's mind , we 'd all be sleeping . The main track was not long enough to put me to sleep and having to get up to increase the volume on the last two tracks destroyed any beneficial effects from the first tracks . The volume drop on the subsequent tracks , with the stated intention to not disturb you if you are sleeping after the first one , does n't work if you 're not , makes it impossible to use the tracks consecutively .
 I think the CD is great except ... the last two tracks are so low that I ca n't hear them at all when I have the volume set for the first two . It 's a pain to have to get out of the relaxed state to have to turn up the sound to get back to a relaxed state . -- Something wrong with their planning .
 This cd would be great IF it did n't use the word `` negative '' constantly ! That is what we all try to get away FROM ! and the cd uses it over and over , I returned it .
 I did n't enjoy it , she 's talking to low for you to hear . I 'm using it for trying to get to sleep , and I ca n't understand what she 's saying , so therefore , I have to get up and turn the volume up on some of the tracks .
 It might have been the voice -LRB- which IMO was not gentle/comforting -RRB- , the accompanying music or the whole presentation , but I found myself more awake at the end of her presentation than before .
 This cd is n't axactly what I was expecting . While the music and sounds played on the disc are what I was looking for , I was most certainly not expecting Roberta Shapiro herself to be giving instructions on what you should be doing . I found her to be very distracting . I will not be buying any more of her cd 's .
 As soon as I took this CD out of the packaging , I could tell it felt thinner and lighter than a better made CD . The first time I listened to it , the first track played -LRB- introduction , beginning meditation -RRB- . After that , the CD sounded like it was playing a selection of scratches . When trying to play the CD from the start another time , it only spun and would not stop on a track at all . Other CDs of mine play fine on this same CD player .
 Terrible . It was not as it was advertised . Threw it in the thrash since I could not return it .
 The title song is wonderful , and my daughter loves it . The rest of the songs , however , are very annoying for the adults to listen to over and over . The CD frankly drove me nuts from the second time through . If you are looking for something to add to a play list , I would look elsewhere .
 I am a big fan of Raffi , and I have been since birth . I was even a fan of his while inside of my mother . My dad did a show of his in Tampa Florida and I began kicking my mom 's stomach when I heard his voice . He is the best ! I am sure I will listen to him for the rest of my life , until I die .
 Stop LYING ! This CD does NOT contain 12 songs , with # 7 being The Color of the Night . That song does not exist on this CD . I know . I bought this CD and The Color of the Night IS NOT on it . Do not , I REPEAT , DO NOT allow this lie to continue!I never even took the cellophane protection off the CD . It was obvious , from reading the back of it , that there were not 12 cuts because The Color of the Night , the one song Lauren Christy is best known for , was NOT on the CD . And I would give it less than 1 star . Not because of Lauren Christy or the quality of the CD . Because this is a lie . The best song of all her songs is n't on it .
 When I feel the need to be edgy and adventurous I do something crazy , like buying a CD after hearing only one of its songs . So it was one recent evening . Earlier that day I had been sitting dutifully at my workstation listening carefully to a song on MUSAK that really rocked my world . I Googled a few words of the song and found out it was Lauren 's `` Steep '' . I liked it a lot . That night I took a walk on the wild side and ordered this album . The best part of this experience was the fast , free delivery . I still like `` Steep '' , but most the other songs are very bland . It 's sort of Sarah Brightman without the bright -LRB- yuck , yuck , yuck -RRB- . It 's so bland that I would not bother with a review at all , except that I have to comment on `` Vanessa 's Father '' . You know , the problem with writing your own songs , is that you might end up sharing things of a personal nature that should n't really be out there . People like me listen to the words and they know more about you than they should . And certainly more than they want to know . It begins with words of child endangerment and then ends with the participants in marital bliss . It 's bad stuff .
 I received a CD with 11 tracks , not the 12 tracks AS LISTED . Of course , the missing track is why I ordered this CD in the first place . I will be keeping it , because I like Lauren Christy , but this discrepancy needs to be addressed . I can see in the reviews that I am not the only person this has happened to .
 Well , apparently I am the only one who is n't a Raffi fan . If you think that lyrics like `` There is a spider on my head , I wish I were dead '' are suitable lyrics for a young child -LRB- track 11 -RRB- , then this is the CD for you!If not , then I 'd pass .
 I have bought that tape based on the reviews of other parents and it was a huge disappointment . The melodies are way to similar to each other , the cd is boring . Furthermore in some cases it has really scary lyrics that are absolutely not suitable for a 1,5 year old child . Not recommended at all for very young audience .
 My 23 month old daughter loves her Raffi videos , so I though this would be perfect.I was looking for a cd that had all THe songs she loves from the tape , this had the most & had great customer reviews ... ha!This is slow , boring & I THink the sound quality is a bit off .
 I know that Raffi is one of the most popular kid 's singers . You ca n't go into a kids music section without seeing his face everywhere . I tried to like him , I really did . But his voice annoys the heck out of me . Does n't anyone else notice that this guy ca n't sing ? Yuck.Buy Kimbo 's `` Six Little Ducks '' , or Greg & Steve 's `` Big Fun '' , or Joanie Bartels `` Bathtime Magic '' . In short , buy anything else !
 THE CD 'S RAFFI IS USING SKIP EITHER FROM THE BEGINNING OR SHORTLY AFTER.HIS MUSIC IS GREAT , BUT THE QUALITY OF THE CD IS P0OR AND VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 In the excitement of finding this CD , I did not notice that it requires a special player . Upon receiving it and unpacking it I saw the `` super audio player only '' sticker , and thought that my player would be sofisticated enough to be able to handle it . But , NO . I have spoken with friends and professionals and everyone was surprised to hear of my predicament . I would very much like to return this CD for the same title that will play on my player . Since I could not find a customer service site to air my disappointment , I chose this .
 To make this quick and easy - if you want Noise Addict or even his underrated litte-electrified `` SOMETHING TO REMEMBER ME BY '' you wo n't find it here . If you LOVED TORNADOS , you will probably LOVE this record .
 I liked all of his past albums but this one is n't good . None of the songs are very clever , it 's nothing captivating . In fact , I 'd get more pleasure listening to just about ANYTHING but this . Spend your money elsewhere .
 Well Ben Lee , at least you tried . And by that I mean you tried way to hard . You 're songwriting is terrible , and you ca n't play guitar , which is probably why you put so many electronics on this album . I heard two of your songs , and they were so terrible I could make the assumption , just from hearing two songs , that you are a terrible musician . In that one really bad song when you say `` To see the lights of San Francisco ... at night '' you do n't need to say `` at night '' because if it was daytime , the lights would n't be on . Idiot .
 While Ben has put out some barely tolerable albums in the past , and I concede that I LIKED HIS CONCERT that my girlfriend dragged me to , Hey You Yes You is the WORST ALBUM I have ever heard in my life . Instead of singing about romance , he sings about death which is odd b/c most or all of his success stems from his romantic relationship . These boring songs would put you to sleep but it is difficult to rest while VOMITING . HE IS NO BEN FOLDS , no Ben Kweller , and no Evan Dando - all musicians that he plays with . He puts on a good concert , but it is only entertaining b/c of his jokes not songs ; the only good song he played anyway was a cover . And the only good jokes were responses to hecklers who hated his songs . Folks , let 's face it , but not for a certain Terminator , he would n't sell two copies if he pressed a double album . To quote Maxim , `` If you 're a fan , take a pass on Hey You and you 'll remain one , '' maybe .
 Ben Lee is funny , you got ta give him that . Running With Scissors is a hilarious song , I laughed so hard when I first heard it . The sad thing is though , I do n't think he 's trying to be funny . So basically , he sux . The Big Nose Hairy Tooth Guy -LRB- inside joke , you would n't get it -RRB- is back and badder than ever . Literally . Hey is he still dating Claire Danes ?
 While `` Songs '' could be forgiven as a contractual obligation to the record label -LRB- the typical filler album of `` greatest hits , '' plus at least one previously unreleased track to get longtime fans to buy it -RRB- , `` Songs 2 '' was released posthumously in an attempt to rake in the money before Rich faded from memory -LRB- cynical , I know , but do n't forget that the Christian music industry is a business first -RRB- . There is nothing in this particular collection that you can not find elsewhere , and therefore no reason to spend the money.Rich was a gifted artist and an amazing man . A flawed man who nonetheless demonstrated pistis . There are still lessons to be learned from the way he allowed the Gospel to transform his life . I can not recommend his music highly enough , particularly `` a Liturgy , a Legacy & a Ragamuffin Band '' and `` the World As Best As I Remember It '' volumes 1 & 2 . Those three albums are quite timeless . His earlier recordings may not hold up as well when heard today , but do n't let that stop you from buying his entire catalog and compiling your own collection of personal favourites .
 I thought this album was going to be good and I was wrong . I was expecting to hear something that would take me to another level , like the Kiss the Game Goodbye album . People might boot leg this album , instead of buying it ...
 The New Jadakiss album is unfortunately only average . Ive been seein it for awhile that Jadakiss is only better than Jae Hood and not Sheek or Styles . This album proves it to me . Jadakiss is very talented but whoever directed him on this album mislead him . I think he might be tryin to go Platinum to hard . He has a song with Mariah carey and one with DJ Quik . Jada 's obviously tryin to be felt out in LA. . The beats on this album are very soft and there is no feel at all to this album , unlike Styles and Sheeks albums . So far the worst D BLOCK albums are KISS THE GAME GOODBYE AND KISS OF DEATH . He can rap as good as any but sometimes his lyrics are redundant and boring . I think Jada 's mind isnt as open as Styles and Sheeks especially Styles . The only decent songs are already old to me because the mix tapes and radios played them out . If you neve rheard them you will have at least a couple of songs to enjoy . The best one is with SP at the end of the album . Jada needs to keep his albums more dirty and he needs to open our minds like Styles did and get some feel to his album instead of a bunch of songs .
 That should be a question that he should ask on the idiotic song `` Why '' . The lyrics are written by a man who seems totally uninformed about the world around him . Once again , another person blaming society for problems that they got themselves into . Jadakiss used to be a great rapper , especially on his albums with The LOX and his work with the Ruff Ryders , but his work on this album is disappointing . The quality of music , especially rap , is at an all time low and this album proves it . Go buy the Beastie Boys album `` To The 5 Boroughs '' if you want a new rap release that is worth listening to .
 I havent heard this album yet , and dont plan on it . Ive heard his two singles `` Times Up '' and `` Why '' and personally i thought they sucked . The main reason is well , jadakiss 's voice . I mean his little laugh at the beginning of `` Why '' and mostly all of his songs is just gay and stupid . And also is his song `` why '' he says , and i quote `` Why the whole world love my voice '' ... the whole world loves your voice ? man i hate your voice , its probably one of the most anoyying voices ive ever heard . I wont deny though , this guy can rap and he has some good lyrics , but his voice alone just makes me stay away from this stuff .
 Jada is a really good rapper . . it 's too bad his album really sucked ... do n't buy it . . TImez Up is probably the only song on there thats bangin
 Why ?? and Still Feel meI was hoping this cd was gon na be like `` Kiss The Game Good Bye '' , but sadly it was not '' :-LRB- '' If ur a die heart Jada fan COP THIS CD NOT , but if u are not `` I WARNED U '' . Peace !!!!!
 Jada I 'm sorry I hate too do this , but it ai n't that good.Only 2 tracks I likeWhy ?? Still feel me
 I CANT STAND THIS GUY WITH HIS STUPID A ** LAUGH . HE IS TOO OVER RATED . THIS ALBUMS NOT THAT GOOD AND THAT WHY ? SONG IS STUPID
 jadakiss is one of the most hyporcrytical ignorant rappers out there today just listen to that song `` why '' -LRB- which is somehow popular -RRB- and you will see he is jadakiss deserves to be dissed by 50 cent because he sucks his voice is anoying and he is so arrogant even though so many people hate him . Jadakiss rapping is not your game go do sumtin else and stop making crappy music for people to have the misfortune to hear
 I 'm telling ya on the real this cd is a bad cd I mean it.Beats C-Lyrics BOverall CI 'm sorry , but he needs to work with better people this album needs help.I still like Jada , but please work on it next time around .
 i heard why and times up and welcome to d block , and i really liked them , anyone i knew that bought it said it was amazing , so i thought it might acually not be as wack as tha rest of tha stuff ppl are puttin out these days ... but i was sadly mistaken , those where tha only good tracks tha rest is unoriginal , unreal , and hes talkin about ice , rims , girls , and killen ppl , he actually says he is rapping for fame on one part of tha album ... THIS IS HIP POP NOT HIP HOP , not for real hip hop fansP.S . Idont know why i even bought it
 jadakiss sucks ... in the song `` why '' he says ... and i quote ... `` Why the whole world love my voice '' ... personally i think his voice is one of the most annoying ive ever heard . this cd is garbage dont buy it . and that stupid laugh he does at the beginning of every song is just annoying . i aint hatin im just tellin the truth .
 I bought this album b/c of Scott Storch the producer of -LRB- TIMEZ UP -RRB- . Jada you are not KING NAS not even close , and a mediocre album like this further lend credence to what I said above about buying the album b/c of the beat on times up .
 It makes no sense , have you evern acknowledged that rjd2 came out with a new album ? How about blockheads new album ? And of course the MF Doom/Madlib creation Madvillainy absolutley trahses this piece of commercial junk . Theres more to rap than the fruity mainstream kids , look underground for real rap .
 Jadakiss has skill in rhyming words and spiting on the mic but this album doesnt catch me into liking it . some of the songs like the one with Mariah Carey is bad . and some songs have some really horrible beats that dont go with certain songs . The only ones I really liked was `` What you so mad at '' and `` Why '' but `` Why '' got played out and then i got sick of it .
 Jadakiss sophomore debut is everything but good . Although it debuted at number one on the Billboard charts Jadakiss ' Kiss of Death is amongst the years most highly anticipated albums that deliver nothing meaningful or delightful.There is an attempt however for Jadakiss to go commercial which is never a bad thing in the money driven recording industry but even the tracks that are designed to be commercial are hideously bad . `` Shine '' featuring `` By Yourside '' is plain annoying and `` Hot Sauce To Go '' is amongst the years worst songs . Jadakiss also heavily relies on Lox members Sheek and Styles P as well as many other guest stars and is one upped by Kanye West on thier unfocused collaboration.Standout tracks are `` Times Up '' featuring Nate Dogg `` Why '' featuring Anthony Hamilton `` U Make Me Wan na '' featuring Mariah Carey the only song on the album that has potential to be a huge hit due to the crossover appeal of Mariah Carey which is n't a good thing for Jadakiss ' street credibiltiy which is rapidly fading . He may be amongst the top five dead or alive but this album is not .
 After listening to THE CHAMP IS HERE mixtape , I was really looking forward to this album . However , when I bought it and listened to it , I was greatly disappointed . Being that Jada is one of the best metaphoric rappers in the game makes it even worse . This album consist of TOO MUCH R+B . It 's obvious that Jada was trying to make some dough by going mainstream . There is so much filler in the first 3/4 of the album , that you are already bored by the time anything interesting happens . Although it 's killng me to write this review , I have to be honest . Even though I 'm a fan , I ca n't just give 5 stars because of that , like some reviewers have done . If you can get your hands on THE CHAMP IS HERE mixtape , then you 'll have a real Jadakiss album .
 Jadakiss bends over for his Jew manager and takes it from behind !
 I couldnt believe my ears when i put this on it 's wack and there isnt much to say bout it `` why '' , `` times up '' and `` Shoot outs '' are the dopest tracks on here everything else is wack . trust
 Kinda funny how people call themselves rap fans then i see them with this cd . Jadakiss sucks and so does everything else mainstream nowadays .
 Man , Diz Cd really sucked I ca n't believe he came out wit diz ! 50 Cent got beef wit Judakris n I do 2 cuz hez da fakest rapper in da buzinezz ! Datz da truth !!!!!!! I thought G-Ubit handled diz mug a long tyme ago ! Wazup wit Eminem on dis album , I thought he had beef wit Judakris 2 ! Eminem do n't have 2 b on diz album !!!!! Eminem iz way better than Judakris n makes J' z lyrics sound like pre-school lyrics!Stay tru 2 da game n do n't buy diz album cuz man it sucked worst den Ja Rule -LRB- R.U.L.E. -RRB- album ! Chi-Town Balla tellin da truth so holla bak !!!!!!!!
 yeah eating at white castle is better than this cd here are my ratings for the songs from this cdwhat you so mad at - 0 out 10 yeah im very mad that i want to throw a shriken on this cdshine - 0 out of 10 rise and shine jada that i want the f**k in sun to set rather than shinebring you down - 0 out of 10 yo jada why ca n't you give me chicken nuggets and french friestime 's up - 0 out of 10 well well well jada it 's looks like your time is up now fetch some burgers with mustardwhy - 0 out of 10 why ca n't jadakiss give me pepsi blue and 100 white castle burgersu make me wan na - 0 out of 10 yo mariah carey makes me want to jump off a buliding with hawaiian punchhot sauce to go - 0 out of 10 yo jadakiss where is my f**k in hot sauce for my chicken nuggetsreal hip hop - 0 out of 10 it 's the real hip hop to give me chocolate shakeshoot outs - 0 out of 10 jadakiss does n't deserve any shoot outs but he deserves to slip on a banana peelstill feel me - 0 out of 10 yeah i could still feel that banana peelbe your side - 0 out of 10 i rather see jadakiss in the garbage filled with opasumsgettin it in - 0 out of 10 yo wheres my g ** damn apple juiceair it out - 0 out of 10 oh fresh air does you goodwelcome to d block - 0 out of 10 everywhere we go people wan na eat uskiss of death - 0 out of 10 id rather kiss a banana insteadim goin back - 0 out of 10 im finally goin back to eat white castle
 First off , I 've ranked Jadakiss up there as one of my top 5 favorite rappers for some number of years now . I love his gritty arrogance , his insanely clever street prose , and that hard-to-put-your-finger-on energy that makes you feel the music so much deeper whenever he starts-in on a track.When I heard the first release of this album `` Time 's Up '' , I went insane with excitement , I tried everything to get a copy of that song ; ultimately I pre-ordered on amazon and began counting the days until I got in the mail.When I did , you should have seen me , I literally sprinted , not walked , but sprinted to my CD player and crammed this new gem in.Fast forward 10 minutes
 The only race their is is the HUMAN RACE . Promoting seperation of races through terms such as they is wrong . We must end racism.The only song I 've heard off of this cd was WHY and that is all it took to make me not want to buy it . That song is one of the most racist and idiotic songs ever . The lyrics say it all.Why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt?What the hell is he talking about ? Rap artists are some of the richest people in America . They just waste their money on crap like platinum bathtubs.Why they sellin ' niggaz CD 's for under a dime?Who cares . Your all still filthy rich.Why they kill Tupac n ' Chris?I assume he means rich white folks , when in reality THEY should refer to Tupac n ' Chris 's entourage who murdered them both in retaliation strikes.Why did bush knock down the towers?Either this F# * ^ % $ 's mentally retarded or he is incredibly evil . Bush DID N'T knock down the towers . He 's just too blinded by racial prejudice to realize that.And why do rapers lie in eighty-five percent of they rhymes?I totally agree with this statement . It 's too bad that it labels him a hypocrit . Nah , he deserves it.Why niggaz ca n't get no jobs?They ca n't get jobs because their idols , such as yourself , make it sound like the only way to succeed in the WHITE MAN 'S WORLD is to excel in sports , rap , or crime . Your hatred destoys your own community.Why they let the terminator win the election?OK , that has nothing to with race seeing as how he was voted into office in a state where everyone 's either a Democrat or a minority , and he 's a white republican.Why Halle have to let a white man pop her to get a Oscar?Why Denzel have to be crooked before he took it?That 's just a false conspiracy theory . Have you forgotten that long before those two won , Morgan Freeman , Sammy J. , and several other prominent black actors won Academy Awards . Besides , I disagree with Hollywood too considering it 's almost completely Communist controlled.Why all the young niggaz is dyin ' ? Do n't blame other people for that . Stop spreading racism and hate through your rap and see what happens.Why they ai n't give us a cure for aids?That 's right . The WHITE PEOPLE found the cure for aids ten years ago , but they wo n't release it because THEY hate black people . Shut up.Why you forcin ' you to be hard?Why ai n't you a thug by choice?You encourage this and yet you still wonder why young brothers are dying so much.Nobody in their right mind should waste money on this CD . If you hate THEY/WHITE PEOPLE then by all means buy this hate-filled , racist , lying , conspiracy theorist 's CD.America . Love it or leave it . If you find it to be that bad then by all means LEAVE ! You have the freedom to .
 This album is very well named b/c i think this is his `` Kiss Of Death '' to all his fans so he can get everyone to stop listening to him . I 've never been a huge Jada fan to begin with but this album i was actually hyped about gettin but of course as you can see from the rating i thought it was very poorly done and the only reason i gave 2 stars was for the track `` Why '' which i love the way he put that song together although i think the beat to it is very annoying but in my opinion this album is very weak and trying a bit too hard to be commercial and radio-friendly , what is wrong with most rappers today ? albums like this really are the reason behind P2P file sharing b/c everything is bull , only a select few are staying true to the meaning of hip-hop . Forget this album dont waste your money
 I am a big Jadakiss fan but im not going to pretend this garbage is good . I gave him a pass on the first album cause it had a few ill tracks . This time around he some how thinks hes a big star like Jay-z or something . Times up is a lame attempt to attract the west coast . Jadakiss enlists the best producers in the game again but ends up with the same lame result . If it was n't for the havoc produced why , Kiss would be dropped by interscope . I see why columbia did n't want Beyonce to be on this trash so they ended up with washed up mariah . Kiss you wan na be top 5 dead or alive ?! Try putting out a album with at least 5 good songs for once .
 yet again , it has happened . a promising rapper has become victim to the industry . its not really jada 's fault , cuz all the money 's controlled by only a couple suits at the top , but this album represents everything that is wrong with hip hop today . gim me a break , this is n't music , this is a lame ploy to make money . too bad it had to be jadakiss that had to sell out though .
 Way to hyped for such a poor cd.Where is that one song `` The Champ Is here '' ? That 's what I was looking foward too - Instead I got a Ja Rule album apparently.Only reason I gave this CD 2 stars is because of Welcome to D-Block - the only REAL song I was feeling on here.Everything else was garbage/definition of `` wack `` Not the best of '04 AT ALL . Not even a candidate .
 This CD in my opinion is a huge disappointment . I was pumped for it , Jada 's normally on fire , but this one is just sad with the exception of a few tracks . You listen to Jada for gritty mean get pumped up lyrics . Lyrics like `` K-I-S-S me , i just wan na make love '' do not get me pumped up . and the song `` why '' i think must be in there so that rainbow coalition wusses will buy this . I 'll listen to love songs if i want to hear a love song . i listen to jada for hard-core pissed off music with hilarious and awesome puns . this will only please kids who listen to the softer stuff on day time tv .
 I dont know why people like this kind of crap . This is not hip hop people , this is mainstream hip pop . Every song sucks and the ` try to be tough ' act he puts on is just pathetic . On the song `` why '' he tries to string together different questions about whats going on in the world and he sucks at doing it . He tries to tie together a bunch of senseless and useless questions . His attempt at making a politcal track fails miserably because half the questions dont make sense , and he just yaps on about nothing important . The real question we should be asking ourselves is ... Why wont this guy shut the f -- up ? And wtf is a jadakiss ? A fag with an annoying voice , who has no lyrical skills at all has no flowing ability and should just quit rapping altogether is my guess . I cant stand people like this , they piss me off , they are killing rap . Whoever thinks this is a good cd must be a 12 year old or something , or has not grown up with hip hop and has no clue how crap like this is ruining what hip hop was . F -- jadakiss and all his supporters/fans cuz your all a bunch of jackasses . And wtf is this crap where you cant rate lower then 1 ? This cd is in the negatives if i had that option to rate it that low .
 Why did Bush knock down the towers ?? I ca n't believe he said that sh*t . This guy is an idiot , screw his lyrics , f**k this guy.That song ` Why ' sucks anyways . Many of us know about the struggle , I do n't need to hear him bitch and cry about it .
 I always considered myself the ultimate Donna Summer Fan . . butwhen this long awaited Geffen release hit the air waves I knewDisco was over . . I have never been so disappointed in an album . . even though I remember the first time I heard Hotstuff its hard rock edge I knew things were changing ...
 More tired cliches from this band of seattle wannabees . The lead singer thinks he 's got attitude , when he 's really a no talent smoker .
 not worth 45.00 . Dude , is it made of gold !
 I consider myself quite an experienced listener.The recordings found on this disc are of average performance . The lacking value is that EMI has decided to `` degrade '' the recording performance , and thus the high tones are cut out.The piano sounds as if it was recording from inside a closet , while the orchestra sounds as if it was recorded farthest from the row in a stadium .
 First off I ai n't 1 years old if you did n't catch that , how could you actually belooking at a Flatliners CD.You 've all been tricked , these guys stole NATAS 's style . This ai n't Horrorcore.Go pick up ESHAM 's Boomin words from Hell to see what horrorcore and talent actually sounds like.This is Russel Simons weak ass Nephew and his no talent buddies.All I got to sayis get your own style you damn biters .
 This album is probably the best coaster in my collection . Having Russell Simmons name gracing the production of this album is probably it 's strongest quality . The beats are aiight , but the whole horror , satanic thing i 'm not feelin . Lyrically it very much like Insane Clown Possee that is complete s & * % ! Save your money . There is better rap out there . If you insist on horror in you hip hop then check out the Gravediggaz .
 Released to almost no fanfare at all during the shoegazing years this album sounds like a great band that for some reason is having trouble getting the show out of second gear . Tracii Guns and Phil Lewis have a certain chemistry that at worst usually scored them a certain sleaze rock charm and their use of simple song structures , a sort of everyman party metal schtick , meant they connected to the inner dufus of their listeners . But on this album it just did n't seem to be clicking , perhaps showing via recorded wares that the chemistry between them had run it 's course.As to the album itself there are some curios on hand . Firstly it sounds quite clean and clear and not dour at all like their previous Hollywood Vampires . There is a reprise of one of the best songs off that album , Crystal Eyes . Which indicates to me that the band figured they had a hit on their hands and should give the thing a second shot . Exactly what Europe did with their track Open Your Heart by putting it on Wings of Tomorrow and Out Of This World.A number of the rockers on this album feel much like 80 's music updated with 90 's production values and that 's a good thing . But what is interesting is that some of the sentiments here also sound harsher , more metal . The delivery of Face Down , for instance , should certainly interest fans who grew up on Sex Action way back when . The touch of maudlin that the band first really exhibited on Hollywood Vampires is continued in tunes such as Long Time Dead.I guess with the parting of ways between Guns and Lewis this could be considered somewhat of a last hurrah . If so it 's not the bands best album . But it does contain elements of their different moods and show them capable of adding some new aspects to their music and so is a valid enough purchase for any hardcore LA Guns fan from the 80 's who gave up the faith .
 THE CD 'S RAFFI IS USING SKIP EITHER FROM THE BEGINNING OR SHORTLY AFTER.HIS MUSIC IS GREAT , BUT THE QUALITY OF THE CD IS P0OR AND VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 seriously what are you doing ?!!!!!! you have distroyed music for me get a LIFE !!! When bullets fly what where you smoking when you wrote this i have never heard so much drivle like omg dance of kavala , when bullets fly sounds as if a mentally retarded hick wrote it in 10 mins you sir are a discrace to the music industry !
 After purchasing all of the bands albums and seen them on many occasions it has led me to realise how poor and infantile michaels song writting ability is . Dont get me wrong he is an amazing guitarist but when he opens his mouth and that dribble comes out it just makes me cringe . So i say , come on michael give up the song writting -LRB- your no bob dylan -RRB- and stick to being an exceptional lead guitarist !!!!
 You win some and you lose some . This purchase was a definite loss . What a dissapointment .
 THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE MK2 RELEASE . HOWEVER , THE 2012 CRITERION RELEASE IS EXQUISITE . BUY THE CRITERION RELEASE.I hate to say I must echo some of the comments by a lot of the reviewers giving this the lowest ratings . I actually LIKE BOTH VERSIONS of this film , and I was delighted to see for the first time -- and I 've seen this film in many a theatre -- a copy of the 1925 version in watchable condition and with no shots missing . Unfortunately , the image quality is blown away by the recent Criterion release . The quality on this MK2 release now looks murky and out of focus . The other problem is the music ... Neil Brand 's piano music does very well to emphasize moments like gunshots and pratfalls and I like this . However , the `` Tramp Theme '' he chose is so puerile that it makes me cringe ; he also is n't anywhere nearly as funny as he could be -LRB- the great Dance of the Rolls scene is a terrible disappointment , with music that does n't even try to fit the timing of the action -RRB- , and the sound of the solo piano is just too lacking in variation to hold up for a whole hour and a half -- it becomes grating after about 20 minutes . The movie also becomes boring , largely because the piano music is so heavy and labored that the story begins to seem labored.The problem with the 1942 version is the picture . The first two-thirds or so are superb , then when Big Jim goes to the Claims Office to tell them about his `` Mountain of gold '' , a vertical flare washes out the right-hand side of the picture , and this lasts THROUGH THE REST OF THE FILM making it unwatchable.How could the Chaplin Estate let this get through ? Does n't Warner Brothers have a quality-assurance guy to watch the film all the way through before releasing it ? Jeez ! This is the film Chaplin wanted to be remembered by and his own family ca n't even release a decent print of it ! Does this amaze you ? It amazes me !! UPDATE !!! As mentioned at the top , the 2012 Criterion release of both versions of this film is the most marvelous , stupendous , wonderous film miracle I have witnessed in my lifetime . BUY IT IMMEDIATELY !!!
 Gold Rush is a one of the best movies ever so unless you really dislike silent movies , it 's a must see . Anyway , all my complaining that follows has to do with the this particular transfer to DVD . The DVD is simply awful . Do n't get it . The contrast is so messed up that almost everything in the picture is either completely black or completely white . Needless to say , a lot of information is lost . A while ago I have seen a cleaned up version of the film that was excellent so I know that it makes sense to wait for someone to do better job of transfer to DVD .
 Charlie Chaplin 's `` The Gold Rush '' is a mixed bag . The film itself is uneven as it is entertaining for certain stretches and just adequate in others . Yet the general public as a whole still owe it a measure of thanks for its contribution of the wonderful `` dancing bread rolls '' sequence to cinema lore . Playing with one 's food was never so visually amusing.The Tramp -LRB- Chaplin -RRB- tries his luck at prospecting for gold but finds himself being harassed by the nasty weather , a criminal on the loose named Black Larson -LRB- Tom Murray -RRB- , and a desperate and hungry man named Big Jim McKay -LRB- Mack Swain -RRB- . Failing to strike it rich despite his best efforts , The Tramp treks to a nearby village to start over . A village woman named Georgia -LRB- Georgia Hale -RRB- catches his eye and soon The Tramp is using all the resources at his disposal to prepare a memorable New Year 's Eve dinner for her.In the pantheon of Chaplin works , `` The Gold Rush '' ranks behind `` City Lights '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , and `` The Great Dictator '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , and is generally on par with `` Modern Times '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . In other words , this film is a serviceable Chaplin vehicle but nothing more than that . The silent comedian is his usual charming self from the moment he first appears and he marvelously displays that impeccable comic timing that made him so great at physical comedy in every routine he finds himself in . But `` The Gold Rush '' flounders because the material he is working with this time around is not that strong . The pathos and social relevance that define Chaplin 's better efforts are in short supply here and the film suffers for it .
 The tape is in really poor condition . It is an old `` silent movie '' , but the piano music which accompanies it disappears halfway through the show . You can not make out the `` writing '' the writing being the script that the actors are `` saying '' . Guess I have to wait until the DVD comes out and hopefully is in way better shape than the VCR tape . Waste of money unfortunately ! Much as I love this movie , it is in too poor shape to attempt to watch it again .
 Watching The Gold Rush , I understand why Chaplin had trouble achieving a breakthrough in Britain . The humour in the film is very unsophisticated , at times even ridiculous . Chaplin has had 4 or 5 ideas for ` funny ' situations , and has then tried to link them together to a film . A few of the situations are a bit funny , but the film as a whole is not funny at all .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . The transfer is so bad that it is virtually unwatchable . This movie is a classic and it is just a shame that the producers of this DVD obviously have no respect for it . This is the last time I buy anything from this company .
 I was really looking forward to getting this , my favorite Chaplin movie , on DVD , but now I think have to get rid of it again , I 'm afraid . The picture quality is nice enough for such an old film -LRB- hence the 2 stars -RRB- , but unfortunately this is not the original version but the lame one Chaplin re-released . Here 's what 's wrong with it
 Titled after one of Cat Stevens more obscure cuts , Simon commits a solid vocal effort to arrangements that are so ethereal they might float away into space ; much less grab your attention . It 's an intriguing mix of traditionals like `` Oh , Susanna '' and `` Scarborough Fait '' with covers of James Taylor , the aforementioned Stevens and The Beatles , but the execution is just not compelling . All the songs are set against such a delicate sound that only Simon 's vocals are left to interest the listener and after awhile that is not enough and by the time I got To `` I gave my Love A Cherry , '' I know why Bluto broke that guitar . It 's pretty , but also instantly forgettable .
 I bought this CD because I like Carly 's voice but was dissapointed with the song selection , it seemed like I was listenning to a CD of nursery rhymmes . However the music arrangements were good.Very dissapointed and threw the CD in the bin .
 I love Carly Simon 's music , but unfortunately , her time has passed.The songs are all a bit slow , lacking something from her days gone by . Enthusiasm , passion , a little oomph ? Additionally , her voice just does n't have the strength it used to have and one tires quickly of the wispy refrains . The choice of material just does n't cut it either . The only songs that really evoked any feeling from me were the ones done with her children . I say save your money or buy Ben Taylor 's new CD -LRB- her son -RRB- .
 Fortunately , I took advantage of auditioning the public library 's copy of this before I placed an order for it . I looked forward to listening to this CD after having really enjoyed her earlier `` Moonlight Serenade '' CD . My first impression of this was that it was for playing in a baby 's nursery . Perhaps that was the point , but the library 's copy did n't have any of the liner notes to offer any explanation of the song choices . I did n't find anything here that I even found remotely interesting . Only recommended for ages 3 and under .
 Carly could n't have selected a worse bunch of songs to cover . Oh Suzanna ... come on now ! Same dull monotone throughout the cd . One redeeming feature it may get your youngsters so bored they will fall asleep quickly at bedtime .
 The songs on this CD are indeed lovely , but collectively they make me want to curl up in a ball and take a nap . If you are looking for a disk to help with insomnia you 've found it !
 I expected much better from Carli Simon . She sounds like a singer that should have taken a bit of rest instead of winging it on the strengh of her reputation .
 I 'm not too much younger than Carly and have been a fan for years . Her voice still sounds lovely but this album is a real yawner - and not because it 's supposedly a collection of lullabies -LRB- Oh Susanna as a lullaby ??? Please ! -RRB- . There 's no energy here , no creative arrangments - just a monotonous collection of covers . The prettiest song by far is Quiet Evenin ' because there 's a little originality there . Then there 's the problem of who this album is aimed at . Adults ? Kids ? I wish she had just made a nice collection of sweet songs for children which would have made far more sense then this disappointment .
 Carly Simon is a great artist , and deserves respect for past achievements , but let 's be honest
 this album was so hihghly waited to be listened to and what a big disappointment , no need to say anything else
 A friend at work let me listen to her copy of this disc . Oh My ! Where to start ? The choice of songs was poor and the performance was maudlin . Each song sounds basically the same . There is hardly any emotion being conveyed here . Bringing her children into the mix was n't a wise choice either . The song , `` You Can Close Your Eyes '' , by her ex-husband is a case in point . Someone is singing off-key in the backround . Sorry , the son and daughter do n't have their parent 's talent . I could picture James Taylor singing his own version of the song . There is just no comparison of his singing this tune to this mess of an album . I gave Carly one star because of what she has done in the past . This really deserved a big , fat zero .
 There is only one song on this CD worth listening to
 This is an album that Carly Simon seems to have put together just to have something to make an album out of . Unbeliveable . Bought it and gave it away . Does not do the name Carly Simon justice . Her other music is so well written and beautiful . Also ca n't figure out when I would play this due to the large range of music included .
 When I heard Carly had a new CD called Into White , I ordered 3 of them because I always loved her voice . When I listened to the CD , I was truly disappointed . My wife hated it , and so did everyone else that I tried to give the CD to . I sent the two unopened CDs back to Amazon and threw the other one in the trash . Two weeks later , I read an article in Business Week and the author of the piece was talking about how wonderful Into White was . I disliked the CD so much , I had to write a rebuttal to his story . Do n't order this CD , IT IS AWFUL .
 Voice is the same it always was -- The standards are not well served by her rendition of them . The musical score on these tracks tries to hard to feature her voice and much is lost inn the meaning of the song . Some of the new songs are pleasant to listen too , but are not that outstanding .
 I did n't like the song selection but 2 and it the album I never felt had life .
 I ADORE Carly Simon.I will to the end of my life.She has given me great pleasure over the years with her wonderfull music , and I know she is one of the the nices artist out there , and I have met her in person , and she was . `` Into White '' is so boring , except for the first track , `` Into White . `` This is the only song I play Over and Over again.Its BEUTIFULL.The rest fo the record takes alot of patience to listen to . -LRB- Wait untill you get to the `` LaLa '' cut.Thats the entire track -RCB- There are a couple of songs I enjoy , but they would be the cuts you would have for fillers on a regular album.The voice is still beutifull , but `` Into White `` is probally the least of my favorite records from this GREAT ARTIST .
 I was very disappointed by this CD . She made no use of her vocal strength or range . All in all
 I saw Paul -LRB- Wings -RRB- 3 times during the 1976 tour . He was/is an amazing performer . The performance on this tour was top notch . However , although the sound on this album/CD is great , it is too `` studio-ized . '' You do not feel -LRB- or hear -RRB- the excitement of the audience . You hear the song and instruments as if the microphones fed them into a basement , and that 's how the mix sounds to me . As I stated , I was at 3 shows , and although the music sounds like it did live , the sound does n't . It does n't even come close . I have a 3 album set bootleg -LRB- Los angeles , June 1976 ; red , white , blue vinyl -RRB- that kicks this CD 's butt as far as reproducing what the concerts were like . If you are interested in `` experiencing '' the concert , buy the bootleg , skip this one . I 'm not knocking Paul or the performance . In fact , if you were n't at any of these shows , you may prefer this type of mix . However , if you were ... You may be -LRB- like I was -RRB- major disappointed .
 This is one of the best Wings recording - I especially like Picasso 's Last Words - Richard Cory . But all I have is the original scratched up album my sister bought in ' 77 . Why ca n't I purchase the mp3s from Amazon . C'mon !
 this is the epitome of falling off - the lyrics are wack -LRB- pretty girl , real good girl ... my itty bitty world -RRB- - the beat is silly - i dont know what happend to tip - he 's been my hero since way back , but the old tip woiuld have agreed - this song is just plain sad
 Q-Tip used to belong to one of hip hops best crew , Tribe , I know that they are no longer together , but what happened ? This boy sold out to puffy or somethin !? Q-Tip is capable of so much more than top-40 bubble gum rap ! The man has skills to represent . The Tribe totaly laid tracks that bumped , humped , and made your head jump . I am very , very disapointed .
 `` Vivrant Thing '' was a big disappointment for me . I love A Tribe Called Quest and hearing Tip resort to this just tore me apart . Tip 's lyrics are way too simplistic and trite and the beat is somewhat catchy , but annoying . I got Amplified and turned this up loud to see if I 'd get up and dance , but no . It did n't do anything for me . Maybe if he came with better lyrics and added something to the beat , `` Vivrant Thing would have been fine . I hope Tip will come with better material in the future .
 Im a big fan of bone thugs there the best besides tupac & eazy but this is not good a t all.Its To Peacful where the hard beats and thugged out lyrics.If u wana hear good bone thugs hear these songs1.No surrender2.Thuggish ruggish bone3.For the love of money4 .1 st of da month5.look into my eyesIf you like the thugged out bone thugs dont get this but i still have it in respect for Bone thugs
 Once Upon a TIme Bone THugs-N - Harmony had something fresh going on.but after a while Like Everything else in The Biz their Style was Ripped by COuntless others & they themselves are Playing the Formula Game here.I Guess After Working With MAriah Has Mellowed them down ? The Music Is Pretty Flat & Formula Felt.While I still Respect their Flow it seems more Business than any New Ideas Going into this .
 Please dont waste your cash on this go buy Creepin on a comeup I dont know what happened to these cats , but i guess they decided they wanted more play on MTV or sumthin . Oh yeah if you get a chance you can see them in concert w/christina aguillera and destinys child ! now you tell me if thats selling out !
 The first time I put this CD into the Discman , I was feelin it . The album was pretty hot . Than I heard it again . The beats are tight , but Bone sounds like Popeye . They got ta slow down the flow .
 I wrote a review before , and i take back what i said about this cd , Resurection is a great album , after i started listening to it i changed my mind , all the songs are off the hook , and the lyrical flow of all the member , krazy , lazy , bizzy , wish and flesh are the bomb . 2 glocks is the best song off the album , and change the world is awsome to . I have the Bone thugs n harmony Vo .2 DVD , and it shows them in the studuio makeing this album , and it looks like they worked really hard on it , it wasent there come back or anything but it was a really well done cd , so bone thugs n harmony ... KEEP IT UNDERGROUND , AND THUGUSH RUGISH
 I just want to help somebody out thats about to get this cd . Straight up , dont get this its weak . Most of the lyrics ... -LSB- poor -RSB- the same goes for the beats . Bone needs to spend some more time on their future songs , so they can come out with another East 1999 cd , and make some green . Bone 's first two cds were their best .
 It 's this simple . You can look at their past albums like Creepin ' On Ah Come Up , E. 1999 Eternal , and even Faces of Death , and you 'll see the Bone Thugs that everyone tends to think as the best . THAT Bone Thugs was ruthless hard hitting thugs with graphic street lyrics , and just straight up gangsta rap at it 's purest and best form.And then something happened ... the ONLY R&B ish ; song on E. 1999 was `` Tha Crossroads '' and it just happened to become a huge hit . It was NOT a typical Bone Thugs song and up until that time , it was the only song remotely like that that they had ever made . It was a fluke that the one song they experimented with was a hit . But it made them super famous.So what did they do ? On their next album , Art of War , half the songs had singy-songy R&B ; hooks , soft mellow sad songs , and other stuff which sounded remarkably similar to `` Tha Crossroads '' , only not as good.It 's quite simple actually
 I used to be Bone 's biggest fan , but I stopped liking them after they made `` Art of War '' -LRB- an ok album -RRB- . Ok , how many times can you rap about Cleveland and St.Clair ? We know thery 're from Cleveland , they do n't need to keep saying the same thing over and over and over again . My advice to Bone is , to start rapping about different topics , I 'm tired of hearing about cops , Cleveland and St. Clair . And for pete sake , slow down the rapping , I ca n't even understand what thery 're saying . The reason why I gave this two stars is because , I did like the songs `` Ecstasy '' & `` Resurrection -LRB- Paper , Paper -RRB- '' If you like Bone then buy this album , but in opinion , `` E. 1999 Eternal '' was the best album they ever did . Peace Out ...
 What happened to Bone Thugs N ' Harmony ? These talented , gritty , street rappers from Cleveland have turned into soft pretty boys . I respect this album , espcially tracks 2 and 5 -LRB- The Righteous Ones and Ectacsy respectively -RRB- , but I find myself searching hard for other top songs . Especially after song 10 , this album becomes down right soft . I would only suggest this to diehard fans , but then again , you would already have this album .
 First and Formost , I woul like to say that the only songs that I thought were off the heezy were Ecstacy & Resserection -LRB- Paper , Paper -RRB- After buying their fist , Creepin On A Come Up , I said to myself , this is tight as hell . Although their best ws East .1999 , this is stlill worth a shot
 Bone thugs n harmony debuted in 1994 with a new sound that the rap industry had never heard before . They ripped up the radio station with head bobbin ' hits like Thuggish Ruggish Bone and 1st of tha month . Everything was going for Bone thugs until they release their 4th album -LRB- their first one was called faces of death , and they went by the name of Bone Enterprise -RRB- `` The Art of War '' . Although good , it did not live up to the standards of E. 1999 Eternal or Creepin ' on ah come up . The beats were average and their flow changed from rapping to more like singing . Members of Bone then went out and released solo albums -LRB- Bizzie and Krayzie -RRB- , still the albums all sounded the same , and did not live up to E. 1999 Eternal -LRB- An album that I consider to be the best rap album ever -RRB- . With news of their new album in the works , I hoped that maybe Bone would go back to their old style of rapping and ditch this attempt of becoming singers ! -LRB- Maybe because of the overwhelming success of `` tha crossroadz '' ? -RRB- . After rushing out to the store and popping it in my CD player , I was extremely dissapointed by the album . The beat was again average , and the song hooks is nowhere as catchy as in E. 1999 Eternal . It seem like Bone have run out of ideas , and just thrown a bunch of rejected songs together , and called it a new album . Of the 16 tracks I found only 3 to be any good . Those 3 are : Resurrection -LRB- paper paper -RRB- , Murder One , and Serving tha Fiends . Because of this I 've decided to give this album a rating of 2 stars . If you want to listen to a really good rap album , I suggest you pick up Dr. Dre 's Chronic 2001 instead , and leave this one on the store shelves .
 With this new album , I was expecting Bone to go back to the lyrics of E. 1999 Eternal -LRB- A classic , one of the best rap albums -RRB- . Unfortunately , like Art of War , the songs that are good can be counted with less than all my fingers . Each album after e. 1999 has fallen short of it . This album is alright but too many slow songs , SOMETHING I DO N'T WANT TO HEAR FROM BONE . Their gangsta style is what got everyone , and Easy-E , on their new redifining rap flows . After the Crossroads , their songs turned more pop for money . 2 Stars cause there is much better stuff out there right now like Chronic 2001 , Alkaholiks , etc. .
 Help this World
 These guys are SUCH Hanson wanna-be 's , and they 're doing a rather bad job of it . There 's one difference - Hanson has a little thing called TALENT . If anyone disagrees about Hanson , feel free to email me , as I 'm a huge fan . Taylor 's such a cutie . Bye all ! :o-RRB- PS - HANSON RULES !!!
 I hope these weirdos never record again . I want to send these freaks to Mars . Yucky , yucky album .
 Are these people guys or girls ? I 'm serious . I do n't know . This sounds like Reba McEntyre all messed up . I hate it . Who made this CD have an average of 5 stars ? This is retarded .
 ALTHOUGH I WAS BILLED PROMPTLY FOR THE CD WHICH WAS TO BE A GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER , I NEVER RECEIVED THE CD . WHEN CALLING TO CHECK ON THE SHIPMENT I WAS ADVISED IT HAD SHIPPED AND THEY WOULD NOT RE-SHIP THE ITEM AND TAKE A LOSS ON THE SALE AND IN ADDITION THE CD WAS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE . DUE TO THE LACK OF PROFESSIONALISM I WOULD NEVER ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN . LESSON LEARNED !
 I 'd like to see them agianst Led Zeppeli
 Yuck ! How can they do that , so incredible and disgrace . I 've never heard this kind of songs before . And they call it songs ? And their looks , oh gosh , some black hair , some blond hair , what are they doing ? Their look is soooooooooo disgusting . And make me want to vomit too . How can u guys have such bad taste ? Really make me wonder , they must be God 's mistake . PITY .
 As a father of two I try to find educational music with a good beat and i 'll enjoy too . I could n't find anything like that until I found Crazy Curt and the fireballs `` kidz go crazy '' My kids really did go crazy when they heard it !!! dont get me wrong , this CD is good but i would recomend going with Crazy Curt .
 There are so many better kid 's artists . Raffi is so cheesy and boring . I do n't know who is worse , Raffi or Barney .
 I ca n't believe people still go for this artist . Even if his work was `` ground-breaking '' in the 70 's , he ca n't hold a candle to Laurie Berkner -LRB- see her videos on Noggin Channel -RRB- I thought if this guy can still sell albums and they are this ho-hum , then anyone with recording equipment and a decent voice could do as well .
 I 'm sorry , but this `` soundtrack '' is trash . I do n't know who the moron was that made the decision to release this compilation of crap instead of the stunning , magical , hauntingly beautiful original score written by Thomas Newman , but whomever they were , we can dismiss the notion that they had any concept about what people actually listen to and spend their money on when it comes to motion picture soundtracks . Its true enough that there are people who enjoy the pre-recorded covers included in the soundtrack . Nevertheless , the magnitude of original score 's beauty renders the release of the songs only as utterly ridiculous . If I could have given this monstrosity a negative star rating I would have . If you are looking for the original score written by Thomas Newman , leave this one the shelves . Your ears will love you for it .
 There is a lot of background music in this film that never made this collection . Unfortunetly it was also some of the best music from the movie . Why do n't they put together `` real '' soundtracks that include all of the artists used ? Instead they always give us their own watered-down choices . Bummer .
 I read the reviews and everyone said this was a great piece of work . Well I agree that it was a peice of something but I wo n't go into that . This album is nothing but noise . There is no rythum to the album what-so-ever . It sounds like a band that just gets together and each person does thier own thing and records it . Absolutely horrible in my opinion . Do yourself a favor and get something like Full Blown Chaos . As for this album , save your money .
 This is by far one of the worst cds I have ever heard . This singer is terrible and should be shot with a very heavy animal tranquilizer . I never was a big fan of grindcore or hardcore so I guess this is n't my cup of tea at all . The drummer is damn good though . He should start another band and leave these guys to play a half empty venue the rest of their lives with the likes of Blood Has Been Shed , Hatebreed , Bleeding through.Don ' t buy it because it sucks .
 I believed the hype and found this heaven knows how . No , wait , I actually ordered it . Ugh - stupid me . Anyway , imagine my disappointment when upon listening I discovered I had purchased the perfect soundtrack for buying some cute new outfits at The Limited . Coming soon to a mall near you .
 These were good songs for kids , but even they were bogged down by the boring renditions . I had never heard this artist before , next time I `` ll listen to a few songs first .
 It pains me to say this , but I did n't like this album as much as the first two . There 's no edge , no bounce , no rap ! Prince Be is a great rapper -LRB- when most rap sucks -RRB- , but we do n't get to see it on this album . No killer beats or hooks . -LRB- The one exception is probably `` Sometimes I Miss You So Much '' that has a sample of Al B. Sure 's `` Night and Day '' in it . -RRB- It 's good for background ambiance on a lazy day , but it does n't demand my attention , and I could n't lose myself in it .
 Oh well , I guess artists have to grow . Unfortunately , Gino grew into something that I did not like . This album kinda sucks . It must be a Canadian thing because Rush moved from one -LRB- terrific -RRB- style to a good style too.I am not saying this album totally blows , it is just that I wanted more from one of my favorite artists . Looks like the gino-boat has left the dock without me . Still , there are lots of earlier fantastic albums from GV to fall back on and they are timeless and tireless .
 Sorry , but all these glowing reviews for Beanie Sigel 's album The B.Coming must be from people that just love anything Roc-A-Fella -LRB- or State Property -RRB- - related . While Beans did show his skills prior to and ON his breakout release The Truth , his presence is n't really becoming on here.One thing I DO acknowledge is the very first song , `` Feel It In the Air '' . Its coolness and clever sampling of Raphael Ravenscroft 's `` Whole Lotta Something Goin On '' helps make itself the album 's standout track . But take my word for it
 Unlike Anthony Rupert , I 'm not going to say it just sucked , but I was by no means his best effort . It wasnt as utterly useless as M.A.D.E , but it was n't good . Was n't quite as dissapointing as Beautiful Struggle , but it was n't good . I think that is what it comes down to.Feel It In The Air , Oh Daddy , Change , Lord Have Mercy , Flatline , Tales Of A Hustler Pt . 2 , Wanted and It 's On are just incredibly dry and monotonous . That alone is 8 of the fifteen tracks so roughly half of the album is blown . To add to that , One Shot Deal and Got ta Have It are sickeningly blatant attempts to be radio freindly . Tracks of honorable mention would be I Ca n't Go On This Way -LRB- its straight -RRB- , Do n't Stop is original , Purple Rain would be classified as dry if it were not for the guest appearances as Mr Rupert said , Bread & Butter is pretty decent -LRB- with an annoying a ** hook -RRB- , and where me and Mr. Rupert disagree is that I think that Look At Me Now is one of the higher quality tracks on the album -LRB- The observantion about the message in the song and him being in jail was mad funny though -RRB- . Overall , I ca n't just slam it because I am a genuine fan of Beans , but this just is n't good . I `` m sorry , if your opinion of this album is one of high favor , you have to be biased or not a true head , because we have seen what Beans can do and in comparison , this is a very lack-luster effort . Lyrics are there -LRB- sort of -RRB- , but the album is like a steak thats well the hell done for all you beef eaters . Just not good . I hope its becuase he is in jail ... I really hope its because he is in jail .
 Another 2pac Documentary basically . same research , same matters , some things not on other dvds/vhs . it 's worth renting first to check out . I have the vhs . Ok if your a tupac fan .
 Good footage of Pac with hair from Prison , BUT you will not learn or get anything about Pac from this Documentary . If you have seen Thug Angel and Before I Wake , that should complete your Tupac library . The parts of the script seems to be directly lifted from both Documentaries . You are really not going to miss anything with this one . It is not the worst I have every seen , but it is damn sure not one of the best.Signed Tupac Biggest Fan ...
 Why anyone would want to glamorize or idolize this very talented , very savvy , very articulate low-life is beyond me.It reminds me of the saying , `` The whole world may embrace a purveyor of nonsense , and yet his spewings are still stupidity . ''
 Let 's see if I understand ; I 'm supposed to get all choked up when a no-talent , gangbanging thug gets whacked ? Growing up listening to Sly Stone , Hendrix , Stevie Wonder and Motown , I find it appalling at how black music has decayed and pop culture praises a punk like Tupac.About fifty years ago there was a TV show called `` Amos & Andy . '' It was previously a comedic radio show about 2 black men and various black characters . The radio show was famous and was loved by both blacks and whites . When the radio show was turned into a TV show , the NAACP and other black groups were outraged at how blacks were portrayed as silly and undignified . The show was eventually taken off the air . These days , we now have a form of music that portrays black youths as nothing but gang banging , drug dealing killers who see women as nothing but bitches and `` ho 's . '' Do we see black organizations outraged ? No , rap music is defended and embraced by all.Too bad I am forced to give this -LSB- artist -RSB- one star instead of none . Giving recording contracts to gang members is like giving whiskey to the Indians .
 I have a deep and abiding respect for blacks , black culture , and the need to continue the important struggle for equal rights . The great civil rights icons are my heart-felt heros.This is why it makes me wonder drop-jawed , when I see so much of black America -LRB- it seems -RRB- embrace some clever gang member , who can couch his utter nonsense in some cute rhymes , dip & bop on stage , and then get glamorized and idolized . I see no value in his work because there is no value.It makes blacks look dumb , and they are NOT dumb .
 Another 2pac Documentary basically . same research , same matters , some things not on other dvds/vhs . it 's worth renting first to check out . I have the vhs . Ok if your a tupac fan .
 First and Formost , I woul like to say that the only songs that I thought were off the heezy were Ecstacy & Resserection -LRB- Paper , Paper -RRB- After buying their fist , Creepin On A Come Up , I said to myself , this is tight as hell . Although their best ws East .1999 , this is stlill worth a shot
 Bone thugs n harmony debuted in 1994 with a new sound that the rap industry had never heard before . They ripped up the radio station with head bobbin ' hits like Thuggish Ruggish Bone and 1st of tha month . Everything was going for Bone thugs until they release their 4th album -LRB- their first one was called faces of death , and they went by the name of Bone Enterprise -RRB- `` The Art of War '' . Although good , it did not live up to the standards of E. 1999 Eternal or Creepin ' on ah come up . The beats were average and their flow changed from rapping to more like singing . Members of Bone then went out and released solo albums -LRB- Bizzie and Krayzie -RRB- , still the albums all sounded the same , and did not live up to E. 1999 Eternal -LRB- An album that I consider to be the best rap album ever -RRB- . With news of their new album in the works , I hoped that maybe Bone would go back to their old style of rapping and ditch this attempt of becoming singers ! -LRB- Maybe because of the overwhelming success of `` tha crossroadz '' ? -RRB- . After rushing out to the store and popping it in my CD player , I was extremely dissapointed by the album . The beat was again average , and the song hooks is nowhere as catchy as in E. 1999 Eternal . It seem like Bone have run out of ideas , and just thrown a bunch of rejected songs together , and called it a new album . Of the 16 tracks I found only 3 to be any good . Those 3 are : Resurrection -LRB- paper paper -RRB- , Murder One , and Serving tha Fiends . Because of this I 've decided to give this album a rating of 2 stars . If you want to listen to a really good rap album , I suggest you pick up Dr. Dre 's Chronic 2001 instead , and leave this one on the store shelves .
 With this new album , I was expecting Bone to go back to the lyrics of E. 1999 Eternal -LRB- A classic , one of the best rap albums -RRB- . Unfortunately , like Art of War , the songs that are good can be counted with less than all my fingers . Each album after e. 1999 has fallen short of it . This album is alright but too many slow songs , SOMETHING I DO N'T WANT TO HEAR FROM BONE . Their gangsta style is what got everyone , and Easy-E , on their new redifining rap flows . After the Crossroads , their songs turned more pop for money . 2 Stars cause there is much better stuff out there right now like Chronic 2001 , Alkaholiks , etc. .
 Im a big fan of bone thugs there the best besides tupac & eazy but this is not good a t all.Its To Peacful where the hard beats and thugged out lyrics.If u wana hear good bone thugs hear these songs1.No surrender2.Thuggish ruggish bone3.For the love of money4 .1 st of da month5.look into my eyesIf you like the thugged out bone thugs dont get this but i still have it in respect for Bone thugs
 Once Upon a TIme Bone THugs-N - Harmony had something fresh going on.but after a while Like Everything else in The Biz their Style was Ripped by COuntless others & they themselves are Playing the Formula Game here.I Guess After Working With MAriah Has Mellowed them down ? The Music Is Pretty Flat & Formula Felt.While I still Respect their Flow it seems more Business than any New Ideas Going into this .
 Please dont waste your cash on this go buy Creepin on a comeup I dont know what happened to these cats , but i guess they decided they wanted more play on MTV or sumthin . Oh yeah if you get a chance you can see them in concert w/christina aguillera and destinys child ! now you tell me if thats selling out !
 The first time I put this CD into the Discman , I was feelin it . The album was pretty hot . Than I heard it again . The beats are tight , but Bone sounds like Popeye . They got ta slow down the flow .
 I wrote a review before , and i take back what i said about this cd , Resurection is a great album , after i started listening to it i changed my mind , all the songs are off the hook , and the lyrical flow of all the member , krazy , lazy , bizzy , wish and flesh are the bomb . 2 glocks is the best song off the album , and change the world is awsome to . I have the Bone thugs n harmony Vo .2 DVD , and it shows them in the studuio makeing this album , and it looks like they worked really hard on it , it wasent there come back or anything but it was a really well done cd , so bone thugs n harmony ... KEEP IT UNDERGROUND , AND THUGUSH RUGISH
 I just want to help somebody out thats about to get this cd . Straight up , dont get this its weak . Most of the lyrics ... -LSB- poor -RSB- the same goes for the beats . Bone needs to spend some more time on their future songs , so they can come out with another East 1999 cd , and make some green . Bone 's first two cds were their best .
 It 's this simple . You can look at their past albums like Creepin ' On Ah Come Up , E. 1999 Eternal , and even Faces of Death , and you 'll see the Bone Thugs that everyone tends to think as the best . THAT Bone Thugs was ruthless hard hitting thugs with graphic street lyrics , and just straight up gangsta rap at it 's purest and best form.And then something happened ... the ONLY R&B ish ; song on E. 1999 was `` Tha Crossroads '' and it just happened to become a huge hit . It was NOT a typical Bone Thugs song and up until that time , it was the only song remotely like that that they had ever made . It was a fluke that the one song they experimented with was a hit . But it made them super famous.So what did they do ? On their next album , Art of War , half the songs had singy-songy R&B ; hooks , soft mellow sad songs , and other stuff which sounded remarkably similar to `` Tha Crossroads '' , only not as good.It 's quite simple actually
 I used to be Bone 's biggest fan , but I stopped liking them after they made `` Art of War '' -LRB- an ok album -RRB- . Ok , how many times can you rap about Cleveland and St.Clair ? We know thery 're from Cleveland , they do n't need to keep saying the same thing over and over and over again . My advice to Bone is , to start rapping about different topics , I 'm tired of hearing about cops , Cleveland and St. Clair . And for pete sake , slow down the rapping , I ca n't even understand what thery 're saying . The reason why I gave this two stars is because , I did like the songs `` Ecstasy '' & `` Resurrection -LRB- Paper , Paper -RRB- '' If you like Bone then buy this album , but in opinion , `` E. 1999 Eternal '' was the best album they ever did . Peace Out ...
 What happened to Bone Thugs N ' Harmony ? These talented , gritty , street rappers from Cleveland have turned into soft pretty boys . I respect this album , espcially tracks 2 and 5 -LRB- The Righteous Ones and Ectacsy respectively -RRB- , but I find myself searching hard for other top songs . Especially after song 10 , this album becomes down right soft . I would only suggest this to diehard fans , but then again , you would already have this album .
 Bone thugs n harmony debuted in 1994 with a new sound that the rap industry had never heard before . They ripped up the radio station with head bobbin ' hits like Thuggish Ruggish Bone and 1st of tha month . Everything was going for Bone thugs until they release their 4th album -LRB- their first one was called faces of death , and they went by the name of Bone Enterprise -RRB- `` The Art of War '' . Although good , it did not live up to the standards of E. 1999 Eternal or Creepin ' on ah come up . The beats were average and their flow changed from rapping to more like singing . Members of Bone then went out and released solo albums -LRB- Bizzie and Krayzie -RRB- , still the albums all sounded the same , and did not live up to E. 1999 Eternal -LRB- An album that I consider to be the best rap album ever -RRB- . With news of their new album in the works , I hoped that maybe Bone would go back to their old style of rapping and ditch this attempt of becoming singers ! -LRB- Maybe because of the overwhelming success of `` tha crossroadz '' ? -RRB- . After rushing out to the store and popping it in my CD player , I was extremely dissapointed by the album . The beat was again average , and the song hooks is nowhere as catchy as in E. 1999 Eternal . It seem like Bone have run out of ideas , and just thrown a bunch of rejected songs together , and called it a new album . Of the 16 tracks I found only 3 to be any good . Those 3 are : Resurrection -LRB- paper paper -RRB- , Murder One , and Serving tha Fiends . Because of this I 've decided to give this album a rating of 2 stars . If you want to listen to a really good rap album , I suggest you pick up Dr. Dre 's Chronic 2001 instead , and leave this one on the store shelves .
 With this new album , I was expecting Bone to go back to the lyrics of E. 1999 Eternal -LRB- A classic , one of the best rap albums -RRB- . Unfortunately , like Art of War , the songs that are good can be counted with less than all my fingers . Each album after e. 1999 has fallen short of it . This album is alright but too many slow songs , SOMETHING I DO N'T WANT TO HEAR FROM BONE . Their gangsta style is what got everyone , and Easy-E , on their new redifining rap flows . After the Crossroads , their songs turned more pop for money . 2 Stars cause there is much better stuff out there right now like Chronic 2001 , Alkaholiks , etc. .
 First and Formost , I woul like to say that the only songs that I thought were off the heezy were Ecstacy & Resserection -LRB- Paper , Paper -RRB- After buying their fist , Creepin On A Come Up , I said to myself , this is tight as hell . Although their best ws East .1999 , this is stlill worth a shot
 It 's this simple . You can look at their past albums like Creepin ' On Ah Come Up , E. 1999 Eternal , and even Faces of Death , and you 'll see the Bone Thugs that everyone tends to think as the best . THAT Bone Thugs was ruthless hard hitting thugs with graphic street lyrics , and just straight up gangsta rap at it 's purest and best form.And then something happened ... the ONLY R&B ish ; song on E. 1999 was `` Tha Crossroads '' and it just happened to become a huge hit . It was NOT a typical Bone Thugs song and up until that time , it was the only song remotely like that that they had ever made . It was a fluke that the one song they experimented with was a hit . But it made them super famous.So what did they do ? On their next album , Art of War , half the songs had singy-songy R&B ; hooks , soft mellow sad songs , and other stuff which sounded remarkably similar to `` Tha Crossroads '' , only not as good.It 's quite simple actually
 I used to be Bone 's biggest fan , but I stopped liking them after they made `` Art of War '' -LRB- an ok album -RRB- . Ok , how many times can you rap about Cleveland and St.Clair ? We know thery 're from Cleveland , they do n't need to keep saying the same thing over and over and over again . My advice to Bone is , to start rapping about different topics , I 'm tired of hearing about cops , Cleveland and St. Clair . And for pete sake , slow down the rapping , I ca n't even understand what thery 're saying . The reason why I gave this two stars is because , I did like the songs `` Ecstasy '' & `` Resurrection -LRB- Paper , Paper -RRB- '' If you like Bone then buy this album , but in opinion , `` E. 1999 Eternal '' was the best album they ever did . Peace Out ...
 What happened to Bone Thugs N ' Harmony ? These talented , gritty , street rappers from Cleveland have turned into soft pretty boys . I respect this album , espcially tracks 2 and 5 -LRB- The Righteous Ones and Ectacsy respectively -RRB- , but I find myself searching hard for other top songs . Especially after song 10 , this album becomes down right soft . I would only suggest this to diehard fans , but then again , you would already have this album .
 Im a big fan of bone thugs there the best besides tupac & eazy but this is not good a t all.Its To Peacful where the hard beats and thugged out lyrics.If u wana hear good bone thugs hear these songs1.No surrender2.Thuggish ruggish bone3.For the love of money4 .1 st of da month5.look into my eyesIf you like the thugged out bone thugs dont get this but i still have it in respect for Bone thugs
 Once Upon a TIme Bone THugs-N - Harmony had something fresh going on.but after a while Like Everything else in The Biz their Style was Ripped by COuntless others & they themselves are Playing the Formula Game here.I Guess After Working With MAriah Has Mellowed them down ? The Music Is Pretty Flat & Formula Felt.While I still Respect their Flow it seems more Business than any New Ideas Going into this .
 Please dont waste your cash on this go buy Creepin on a comeup I dont know what happened to these cats , but i guess they decided they wanted more play on MTV or sumthin . Oh yeah if you get a chance you can see them in concert w/christina aguillera and destinys child ! now you tell me if thats selling out !
 The first time I put this CD into the Discman , I was feelin it . The album was pretty hot . Than I heard it again . The beats are tight , but Bone sounds like Popeye . They got ta slow down the flow .
 I wrote a review before , and i take back what i said about this cd , Resurection is a great album , after i started listening to it i changed my mind , all the songs are off the hook , and the lyrical flow of all the member , krazy , lazy , bizzy , wish and flesh are the bomb . 2 glocks is the best song off the album , and change the world is awsome to . I have the Bone thugs n harmony Vo .2 DVD , and it shows them in the studuio makeing this album , and it looks like they worked really hard on it , it wasent there come back or anything but it was a really well done cd , so bone thugs n harmony ... KEEP IT UNDERGROUND , AND THUGUSH RUGISH
 I just want to help somebody out thats about to get this cd . Straight up , dont get this its weak . Most of the lyrics ... -LSB- poor -RSB- the same goes for the beats . Bone needs to spend some more time on their future songs , so they can come out with another East 1999 cd , and make some green . Bone 's first two cds were their best .
 Pulp 's This is Hardcore is a great record . My review is not about the album , but about this vinyl pressing of Plain Records . The sound quality is awful ; it does not have the sound quality you expect from any vinyl copy . It sounds compressed and you do n't even notice that you are listening to it on a vinyl format . In my opinion , it 's not worthy to get this copy other for the artwork that we all know it 's great .
 i have to say that i am sorry for letting this go on this long ... you see , i bought this set through amazon based on it 's 5 star rating about a year ago and i feel that it is my duty as a person with good taste in dance and trance music to say that it SUCKS ! do n't make the mistake i made . i 'm talking boring mixing , decent tracks . i do n't think that there is one moment on these two cd 's that there are actually two tracks playing at the same time . of course , i have n't listened to it in several months now ... actually , i think i gave it away .
 i wish i could get my money back i enjoy jazz without singing the instruments were very lame contact me you can have my copy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 After quite a while the time was right for me to get the whole box set after a colleague led me to this music series when he showed me Hidden Beach 's `` Electric Relaxation '' -LRB- one of the songs included in this box set -RRB- . Man , I should have listened to the previews on this website ... By looking at the track listing and taking `` Electric Relaxation '' as the lead example I felt this would be my kind of `` Jazzy take on Hip-Hop/R & B ; '' , I came home and prepared myself to be dazzled by the sounds of not one BUT FOUR discs!You realize the musicianship on the set and production quality is very good as you delve into each song but right from the first track -LRB- `` Crush On You '' -RRB- you also find that you are headed the wrong direction -LRB- if you were looking for a smoother , jazzier type of sound -RRB- . You are encountered by music which is sometimes so close to the original song that you wonder if you picked up the right product.The first few bars of each track usually are very Hip-Hop driven with random scratching , heavy kicks , and overall , a sound way too strong for what is expected of a smoother Jazz collection . Then the vocals come in , almost straight from the original song and carefully redone as if to remind the listener ones again
 hearing thoes couple songs gave some great memories but I would like to see some more popular songs on the album .
 We were very disappointed with this CD . This CD is not as good as Raffi 's excellent earlier music.Raffi 's early music is pure magic for young children
 We love Raffi and had heard &#34; Bananaphone &#34; on Pandora , hoping to one day get the CD . Got this as a Christmas present for my husband to listen to with the children and the songs were not fun ... more ballad-style . If we had known the CD was all ballads we could have just bought the song . Do n't prepare for a toe tapper with this one .
 After reading the other reviews , I bought this CD . I wish I had n't . The Franck D Minor is one of my favorite symphonies , but this is my least favorite recording of it . Muti seems to think that excessive dynamic variation -LRB- ranging from pppppp to fffff -RRB- is a substitute for emotional engagement . The performance is stiff and uninteresting . Franck needs to be performed romantically , not robotically.Oh well , at least it was inexpensive .
 I just tried to listen to this album again for the first time since it came out . I did n't like it then and do n't like it now . It just is n't anything like Malcolm McLaren 's other great albums like Fans , Waltz Darling , and Duck Rock . No rap , no combination of opera and orchestra with rap and world beat .
 That voice ! Who can stand that lisp ? The lyrics are so idiotic . Too bad the whole cd was n't instrumental !
 First Gloria 's Hits with Miami Sound Machine are missing . I wonder why , considering they were recorded then with the same label.Which one 's I miss here ? Let 's see ... Otra Vez -LRB- 1981 -RRB-
 Well , apparently I am the only one who is n't a Raffi fan . If you think that lyrics like `` There is a spider on my head , I wish I were dead '' are suitable lyrics for a young child -LRB- track 11 -RRB- , then this is the CD for you!If not , then I 'd pass .
 I have bought that tape based on the reviews of other parents and it was a huge disappointment . The melodies are way to similar to each other , the cd is boring . Furthermore in some cases it has really scary lyrics that are absolutely not suitable for a 1,5 year old child . Not recommended at all for very young audience .
 My 23 month old daughter loves her Raffi videos , so I though this would be perfect.I was looking for a cd that had all THe songs she loves from the tape , this had the most & had great customer reviews ... ha!This is slow , boring & I THink the sound quality is a bit off .
 I know that Raffi is one of the most popular kid 's singers . You ca n't go into a kids music section without seeing his face everywhere . I tried to like him , I really did . But his voice annoys the heck out of me . Does n't anyone else notice that this guy ca n't sing ? Yuck.Buy Kimbo 's `` Six Little Ducks '' , or Greg & Steve 's `` Big Fun '' , or Joanie Bartels `` Bathtime Magic '' . In short , buy anything else !
 I bought this record after reading Dave 's review . I too long for the old Crack The Sky . The guitar lines , the expressiveness of Joe Macre 's bass lines , right out front as part of the melody , and the drums and bass working almost as if they were one instrument ... But unfortunately , those days are gone . I was really hoping this album would mark the return . But it did not . And after having been a huge early CTS fan , I can now conclude that John Palumbo is , and always has been the least interesting , and least skilled member of the band . Bring back the Safety in Numbers line up ...
 At one time I had ALL of `` Hammond 's '' lp 's on Prestige , New Jazz and Riverside . They were the best collection of jazz organists anywhere bar none . I picked up this album and it really sucked . It is the only `` Hammond '' album I ever tossed in the garbage can .
 Nope ... sorry . I 'm a huge Beat Happening fan ... loved Calvin Johnson for years ... so I feel I know a thing or two about enjoying music that , technically , is not that good . Just ... nope ... Y' know how Bernie Taupin wrote the lyrics for Elton John songs ? Perhaps Johnston could go that route . Other people singing his words ... that seems ok . Not sure why he receives the accolades he does . A converse shoe deal was in the works for some time ... a biopic ... a rock opera of his songs . I 'm sorry , it all seems done out of pity . If you 're interested in indie/lo-fi music please check out anything from Calvin Johnson -LRB- Beat Happening , The Halo Benders , The Hive Dwellers , or his solo work -RRB- . People only listen to Daniel Johnston because they heard all the cool/trendy kids do .
 We were very disappointed with this CD . This CD is not as good as Raffi 's excellent earlier music.Raffi 's early music is pure magic for young children
 We love Raffi and had heard &#34; Bananaphone &#34; on Pandora , hoping to one day get the CD . Got this as a Christmas present for my husband to listen to with the children and the songs were not fun ... more ballad-style . If we had known the CD was all ballads we could have just bought the song . Do n't prepare for a toe tapper with this one .
 nobody takes the light out of tupac and sais all eyes on us ... First of all , 50cent is a wannabe , he has no skill , no lyrics he just tries to act tough and his music is boring and he throws on heavy beats and tries to beef with everyone to get credibility but he is overrated because the rap world is so weak today . DONT BUY THIS instead get something real before these guys rapped about money cash hoes
 I 'm angry to hear so much good thingz about them ... I hate them now!They sucks , they insult the rap!Don ' t buy the CRAP CDS OF Aftermath records ... F*ck these 5 cents cds , the D -LRB- isappointed -RRB- 12 and the G-G-GAY UNIT!Listen the real rap like Snoop , 2Pac , DPG , D.H.P , No Limit , Ca $ h Money , Swisha Hou $ e , Straight Profit , Xzibit , LL Cool J , Ja & NaS !!!
 Hello Oasis listeners , I 'm a huge fan of theirs and have a collection of 28 cds -LRB- singles , demos , b-sides , lps -RRB- . I 've listened to every released and unreleased song of theirs and have been to 6 shows in the US . I love Oasis and think they 're one of the greatest band in the world , but this album is not their best effort.Gas Panic , Where Did It All Go Wrong , Roll It Over , and Go Let It Out are the albums only major good points . I Can See a Liar and Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is sound too raspy and quite unfinished , the lyrics great either -LRB- these songs added to album at Liam 's personal request -RRB- . Be Here Now -LRB- LP 1997 -RRB- had much better heavy rock songs on it . Little James is a catchy tune , but with almost embarassing lyrics . It is a good effort by Liam at songwriting though , and the song seems to end just as it gets momentum.I believe that this album is a good indicator of how Oasis is looking into coming up with a slightly different sound , and that is good news . The addition of Gem Archer and Andy Bell will undoubtably add a great deal of song writting talent and music ability to the group -LRB- as Noel has said repeatedly -RRB- . Guigsy and Bonehead will be missed though.Overall , not the greatest Oasis album by far , but it is worth the buy if you want to hear a slightly different sound from Oasis . Make sure to see them this year on tour , I 'll see you at the shows . Cheers .
 `` be here now '' and now this . how many more thoroughly ordinary oasis albums will we rush out and buy before we forget how good `` morning glory '' was ? this is yet another oasis album that starts with a couple of catchy openers , then descends into samey , oasisey , beatlesy nothingness until you realize the cd stopped ten minutes ago . maybe if you do n't buy this one , they 'll try harder next time .
 Well , it 's bloody Oasis , innit ? I 'll give them points for at least playing guitar rock when the rest of the world has moved on to rap metal or teenybop , but there are only two good songs ! Is this all they 've come up with in the two and a half years since Be Here Now ? And if ever there was a band that should NOT include their lyrics , it 's these guys ... I mean , Little James is cringe inducing . If you like Oasis , borrow it , tape the second and third songs , and go buy the new XTC record . The rest of these songs are rehashed , reheated stuff ... the usual mid-tempo chuggers that never go anywhere , but go on way too long ... sorry guys ... this sounds totally bereft of inspiration ...
 I 'm a big Oasis fan , but this album just falls flat . It only has ten tracks . . It opens with an instrumental -LRB- a rockin ' one , at that -RRB- . . and 3 of the remaining 9 songs are pretty horrible . These are `` Little James , '' the Doors rip off `` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' and the lame `` I Can See A Liar -LRB- Sitting by the Fire -RRB- . `` The album has several highlights . . `` Go Let It Out , '' `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' and `` Roll It Over '' are worth the price of admission.This album is n't much of a band effort since 40 % of the group left before the recording and Noel did most of it himself . Noel sings all but one of the album 's b-sides and ruins some songs like `` Sunday Morning Call '' and the b-side `` Just Getting Older '' with bombastic choir backing vocals . . He almost ruins `` Roll It Over , '' but pulls it off.They pick it up a bit after that . . their next album only had two bad songs . . -LRB- the last two -RRB- and then `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' was a total gem !
 Well , there 're always the bands that evolve and change their styles . You may or may not like them , or like their style at the beginning but not later phases , and vice-versa . But this album is completely different than every other Oasis album . It has a completely different sound -LRB- I 'm not saying it 's bad - not my taste to be honest - but some people might like it -RRB- . If you 're looking for `` Oasis Sound '' albuns , you 're looking in the wrong place . The sound here is noisy , you can see it was not worked on.In my opinion , Oasis felt too big for their own good , and thought people would like and buy anything they did - so `` why bother with the lyrics , clear sound and instrumentality that got us here ? '' Well , at least it 's the feeling I got.I 'm a huge Oasis fan from day 1 . My true , honest opinion is
 This must be the most disappointing compilation of music -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- of all time.I bought this album thinking that Oasis might still live up to their reputation as the best british rock band around and I was amazed to find that I would rather be listening to Eminem HA!The two brothers that were once the backbone of my favourite band have lost all their charisma and swaggaer . Noel is obiously trying to keep the band alive , but failing miserably and Liam doesnt seem to be trying to do anything `` Little James '' is the most embarassing song I have ever heard . It sounds like a dragged out , drunken nusery rhyme , thank you for displaying your amazing linguistic skills Liam . `` Put yer money where your mouth is '' is just taking the p ** s , I actually laughed out loud when i heard it `` Put yer money where yer mouth is , your momma said that you was real '' what a joke , I was amazed to hear that Noel wrote it . `` Gas Panic ! '' and `` Go let it out '' show hints of the Beatles-like tunes that made up Definitely Maybe but there is not one song on the album that I would really want to listen to , unlike on Morning Glory , where there is not one song that I WOULDNT want to listen to.I was thoroughly annoyed with this album and I wouldnt advise that you waste your time or money on it , it is a good thing that they redeemed themselves slightly with Heathen Chemistry and more so with Dont believe the Truth .
 easily the most disappointing cd I 've bought this year . Time for this band to split up or think seriously about the music they 're putting out as this album is plain awful .
 I put off buying this for a long time , partly because of my lingering disappointment with `` Be Here Now '' and partly because I had yet to hear a really good track from it . Finally I decided that I enjoyed `` Who Feels Love '' enough to make the purchase , fully aware that most of this album would likely be useless . Unfortunately I was right . There are two other real high points here , sung by Noel , `` Where Did It All Go Wrong '' and `` Sunday Morning Call '' . It seems odd that Noel is now singing the best songs , as Liam has a much more interesting voice . One can only hope that perhaps WDIAGW will be released as a single with a re-recorded vocal by Liam . The only other track that is of any real lasting value here is the first single `` Go Let It out '' . Other than than it is all pretty dismal . `` Little James '' sounds like a very bad parody of `` Hey Jude '' , and someone at the record company should have put a stop to this before it was included in the final track listing . The rest of the tracks vary between quite bad , and moderately boring . Is this album better than `` Be Here Now '' ? Well , yes , and no . It sounds much better due to its production style , and the 4 good tracks have been kept to a reasonable length . The two biggest problems with BHN are that all the tracks sound terrible due to the production , and all the tracks are too long . However , the quality of the songs on BHN is actually much higher throughout . I know this is ridiculous to say , but if they took the six best tracks from BHN , and recorded shorter versions of them , then added those to the four best tracks on this album , the would actually have an album on the level their first two . The biggest concern here is that Noel seems to be running out of ideas . The only hope for Oasis in the future it seems , is to let Andy Bell write many of their songs . Imagine something like `` Step Into My World '' with Liam singing . That would be cool !
 While many believe that ` SOTSOG ' is better than their last offering , I must disagree . Be Here Now was also pretty poor -LRB- too much of the same style and lacked any decent songs -RRB- , but it was a more honest album of Oasis rock songs . Unfortunately , Noel has run out of ideas . SOTSOG is more interesting , but only for some of the production techniques used . But interesting is no substitute for quality ; it only helps to mask the inadequacy of the songs themselves . Oasis ' best efforts are now well behind them , especially the outstanding , punky , original , ` Definitely , Maybe ' and two songs from What 's the Story ... -LRB- Wonderwall and the title track -RRB- . On the current album , the opening track is a pearl . Interestinlgly , it is an instrumental -LRB- Noels lyrics are getting more and more predictable -RRB- which whets the listners appetite and makes you think ` the boys are back ' . Even the first few bars of Go Let it Out make you shift on your seat as you start to believe that Be Here Now was just a one-off . However , the song breaks down at the middle eight , which bears no connection to the rest of the song , and the album deteriorates from this point . Who Feels Love is far too obvious and ` Little James ' is a thoroughly laughable attempt at ` Hey Jude ' -LRB- writing a children 's song for an adult album is difficult at the best of times . Apart from McCartney , only Walter becker has achieved this with ` Little Kawai ' -RRB- . The rest of the album is intantly forgettable , apart from ` Gas Panic ' , which is a classic Noel song.I 'm afraid they have lost it , and there is no returning . If I was Noel , I would go solo . His voice is getting better all the time , his more reflective songs are now the pick of the crop and Liam 's voice is now monotonal -LRB- unlike the first album , where it had it all -RRB- .
 Having been a fan of Oasis since almost literally day one -LRB- I saw them for 5 bucks at the old 9:30 Club in DC -RRB- , I have followed this band VERY closely ... bought all the b-sides , etc. . This album is mediocre . There are maybe 3 or 4 songs that are worth listening to over and over again . It is stale , there is not much of a new direction at all except for the first -LRB- explicit -RRB- track . Buy this used , or find it as a promo , but do n't drop $ 17 . Liam sounds good , but if you 're looking for more songs like `` Wonderwall '' or even `` Do n't Go Away '' , you wo n't find them here . And NOTHING here matches the brilliance of `` Definitely Maybe '' , which is still probably their finest moment .
 It seems that they have always tried to be like The Beatles in everyway of their career . They keep telling everyone they are greater than Jesus - the world only took note when The Beatles said it . This album is REALLY disappointing and shows the weak -LRB- est ? -RRB- side of Oasis ... great sound when snapped .
 Where did it all go wrong is right ! Where to start with how disappointing this eagerly awaited album is ? For all the people who say that SOTSOG is a work of genius I 've got five words for you
 ... but that has to be one of the worst album titles ever conceived . Apparently the giants only have one shoulder between them ?
 I like the first 2 oasis albuns ... but this one in my opinion is the WORST of all oasis albuns ... man , there 's not really a great track ... Besides , this is the album that really takes the attention of the audience from oasis ...
 You know , I guess it could n't have lasted forever , could it ? I mean , how does a band in the span of five years release three amazing rock records and a stellar B-Side comp?I guess a bit of back story if involved . In the summer of 1997 Oasis was one of the biggest rock bands around , and their third album `` Be Here Now '' was one of the most anticipated records of the year . It was released and sold well and got pretty high marks from critics . But by years end , it was apparent that Oasis , at least in the minds of many music fan , had worn out their wlecome , their bravado growing tired , and in the year of `` OK Computer '' , out of time and place -LRB- though this was n't my sentiment -RRB- . So Oasis went away , releasing a B-Side comp `` The Masterplan '' a year later , and then nothing . For two years , witht the exception of Bonehead , the bald guitarist , and Guigsy , master of the four string , leaving the band.So when `` Standing on the Shouldar of Giants '' was finally released in the early winter of 2000 , I was there the day it came out , forked over my fifteen dollars , and headed home , excited and anxious.And to say I was immensly dissapointed by what I found when the record was finished is a major understatement . Gone were the anthemic choruses , the melodic guitar breaks , the attitude , the bravado , the SONGS . `` Standing on the Shouldar Giants '' is essentially neo-psychedlic , but its also immensly boring and trite.Granted `` F ***** in the Bushes '' gets the blood flowing properly , but from there its all downhill , and its all downhill quickly . `` Go Let It Out '' features some of Noel 's most ridiculous lyrics , except this time the song backing them is boring , uninspired and worst off all lacks any memorable hook . `` Who Feels Love ? '' is a crappy rendition of a later period Bealtes song with psudo-hippie like lyrics , if only they did n't feel so arrogant and false . `` I Can See A Liar '' and `` Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is '' try to reach `` Morning Glory '' - esque heights , but are little more that barely carved out riffs without the melody , a fact he tries to cover up with studio trickery that just does n't work for the band . And Liam 's first attempt at songwritting , the `` Hey Jude '' like `` Little James '' , fails to create a memorable melody . I do n't doubt the songs sincerity , even if the lyrics are elementary at best , but I just no there is n't enough going on to warrent a second listen.Another drastic problem with the C.D. relates back to Liam , one of the most underrated singers in rock of the past twenty years , and that being he appears on only seven of the records ten songs . I am of the feeling that if you have one of the best singers of his generations if your ranks then you use him by God every chance you can , ecspeccially since Liam seems to be the only one putting in any effort at all . To add insult to energy , the two Noel sung ditties , the Neil Young-esque `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' -LRB- which should 've been the title of this record -RRB- and `` Sunday Morning Call '' , are put right next to it , making you wonder where Liam has gone off too . `` Standing on the Shouldar of Giants '' is not a transistional record , but rather a bad one . There is little interesting going on here , no good melodies to bring you back , and no sense that Oasis even care anymore about their craft.Noel sang it once in 1995 , and it became all the obvious on this record
 It breaks my heart when heavyweights fail to deliver . We had pinned our hopes on Noel and Liam . Indeed , I thought they might represent the most brilliant part of the future of rock and roll . But this is their worst album , with only two good songs , Go Let It Out and Who Feels Love . It 's all the more heartbreaking that these two tracks are so fine , because it suggests what Oasis might have been . Maybe if their next album is good it can salvage their place in the pantheon . But we 'd been literally aching for THIS one . Their output since the magnificent What 's The Story now seems to prove that they ca n't consistently deliver . And that 's the difference between artists of historic proportions , and those who had a good album or two .
 Once again with baited breath we awaited the return of the ` saviours ' of British rock music-Oasis and I have to say what a disappointment.Firstly I 'm a keen fan of British rock music and a fan of Oasis.The first album received rave reviews , the second one was greeted with a sort of backlash-one magazine slated it and then realising they had made a terrible misjudgement proceeded to name it their album of the year!Then came ` Be Here Now ' and the press realising Oasis now had considerable clout -LRB- how do you get Gallagher bros. to appear on the cover of your magazine if you pan their album -RRB- gave it great reviews.O.K . it was n't the worst album but it was n't a patch on ` Whats The Story ... ' . Now we have the new album ` Standing on the shoulders of giants ` and most magazines give it very favourable reviews.I feel totally conned by these reviews as it by far their worst album yet.Once again the same 10 song format , once again the same Beatle influenced sound , once again the same awful lyrics -LRB- most notably on Liam 's ` Little James ' - ` You live for your toys.Even though they make noise ' - hopefully in a few years James might start writing the lyrics for his Dad -RRB- , once again their album concludes with the Oasis ` anthem ' . Oasis on this album sound tired.No catchy rock songs bar the single ` Go Let It Out ' . Even Liam 's singing which is normally excellent lacks it 's usual punch and attitude.The group seem to have put out an album which is going through the motions.The few glimmers of hope suprisingly come from the two songs sung by Noel songs 7 +8 . I do n't no where Oasis go from here-hopefully not on the long slippery slope to dinosaur rock domain.All I do know is that in a years time the British music press will call this album for what it is - a tremendous disappointment .
 A low point . Listening to this album , one can only pray they go back to drinking and drugging themselves to death - when they did they had a much better run at the compositions . You can really see they want to be the Beatles in this album ... let 's hope Yoko Ono will break them up .
 I 'm a big Oasis fan . I was one of those few people who actually thought `` Be Here Now '' was brilliant , but this stinks . Only `` Go Let it Out '' even sounds like Oasis , the rest of the stuff is downright odd , and usually bad . Liam is n't even on 3 of the 10 songs , and , unfortunately , those are 3 that actually show some promise . But , without Liam , they sound flat and lifeless . If you want to hear just how bad a song Oasis can make , just listen to `` Little James '' it must be some sort of inside joke , beacuse it is truly horrible . Buy the single , but leave the album alone .
 The brothers Gallagher and crew blistered out of the ether in 1994 with the quintessential angry young Brit declaration Definitely Maybe to become the celebrated Beatles/Clash progeny of the U.K. music scene . Their follow , 1995 's glittery and poignant Lennonesque meditation What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- , affirmed Oasis ' as gods of the new music movement and flag-bearing saviours of the Brit music scene . But it 's all been downhill from there . Drugs , egos , money and two impossibly bad albums -LRB- Be Here Now and the B-side/rarity compendium Masterplan -RRB- find Oasis at the crossroads with Standing On the Shoulder Of Giants . The verdict ? It 's a mess . But at least it 's an honest mess . Recorded in France over six turbulent months of booze detox , new fatherhood and the abdication of band members Bonehead and Guigsy , Standing is a noisy hodge-podge of plodding techno beats , oily Mellotron samples , haphazard guitar riffing , shameless Beatle shanghais and Liam 's irritating nasaled vocal cliches . Lyrically , songwriter/guitarist/brother Noel comes across as a feeble-minded George Gershwin playing with ` plasticine ' on a ` trampoline ' with a ` worthwhile smile ' behind a ` certain curtain . ' Musically , his creative ambition is best described as thievery , the shameless embezzlement of old psychedelics from the Beatles ' catalogue -LRB- Strawberry Fields Forever , Dear Prudence , etc. -RRB- are the sole support beams holding this load of post-cocaine twaddle in the air . When it 's not an oblivious parody , it 's utterly excruciating , thanks to the perpetual tonal fuzz and Liam 's squalling protraction of vowels
 For a band that 's been away from studio releases for a few years you 'd think that they could come up with some new sounding material . I think that the main review above explains it best -- while Oasis may think that they are improving on the old sounds of classic rock and are the new Beatles , the songs on this album are illustrative of those old bands low points . Stick with the first two albums , that 's where Oasis actually had some clever , more original material . Of course , if you are a diehard fan , this should not disappoint you TOO much , I suppose .
 Everyone knows that `` WTSMG '' is by far the greatest Oasis album and quite frankly , as we say in dear old Blighty , this is pants . Apart from the brilliant sneeriness of `` Go Let It Out '' -LRB- a UK no. 1 -RRB- and a couple of others , this is even more of a disappointment than BHN . Anyway , to be totally objective , I quite like BHN after 3 years so maybe SOTSOG is a grower and , well , Oasis are after all the greatest Beatles tribute band ever so I ca n't diss them too much .
 If youre really really into them and you love Oasis , then maybe you should ask someone to buy this for you as a gift . Otherwise , youll be highly upset when you buy it and actually hear what youve spent your money on . Maybe I 'm just still stuck on their first two -LRB- awesome -RRB- cd 's . Maybe I need to evolve , maybe this cd sucks .
 I 'm going to quote REM on this one ... `` Standing on the shoulders of giants leaves me cold ''
 Mr Williams got it right . RIP Oasis
 THis band is a disgrace to rock 'n roll . THeir arrogance is clearly demonstrated in this lousy album , in which they only copy their idols . Sad .
 I am not a fan , I do n't like Oasis , I never did . They did have some good melody , now , even that is gone with the wind . The single ` Go Let It Out ` is supposed to be a progressive move for them , it sounds like they have been hanging around with the Beta Band for a long time , it would be good if they had the latter 's standard . Poor imitation ! They are trying very hard to sound like bands like Pink Floyd or the Beta Band , not Beatles anymore ? People move on ? Have these people grown smarter ? NO WAY !! They are still stubborn and stuck-up as ever . Feel like doing them justice now , Liam has good voice and if he wants to , he can really do some fantastic stuff like what Thom Yorke does to his voice , in a different way , of course . Back to the subject , this is a terrible album , by anybody 's standard , yet it still sells better than Beta Band . Is n't it ironic ?
 Ya thought What 's the story was a stupid cd , think again . This cd takes the cake as the most stupid cd this year has released . I hate Oasis and it 's arrogance . I hate every cd they 've ever released . I 'm glad I 've only bought 2 . Stay away !
 Many of the reviewers of this album have the opinion that true Oasis fans will like this release . Although I may not be as hardcore a fan as some , I still own all their albums and consider one of the best bands of the 90 's . Entering the new decade , however , I think they could have done better . For the most part , this album does not have the upbeat , catchy feel of past albums such as the masterpiece `` Morning Glory '' and the epic-sounding if somewhat repititious `` Be Here Now . '' So be warned . But for those who do love this band so extensively , you probably will find a few numbers here that may make this purchase worthwhile to complete your collection , if nothing else . `` Go Let It Out '' and `` Gas Panic ! '' are two worthwhile singles , although they fall short of many of the songs proclaimed to be B-Sides on the Masterplan CD . And `` Sunday Morning Call '' is serenely beautiful and catchy in its own right . Die-hard fans may want to pick this one up , but casual listeners or newbies ought to pick up their best releases first . Any one of the previously mentioned albums would apply .
 What IS this ??!! Effing in the bushes is what I would expect to hear on some William S. Burroughs/rock star of the moment project ... tripe ! The remainder of this record is formulaic and uninspired ... it 's no wonder that the rest of the band abandoned this project and the band so they could salvage their dignity . It 's too bad , because I used to buy anything with Oasis ' name on it whether I 'd heard it or not . Those days are over , just as it seems the band 's are .
 First , I should say that I have n't yet heard any of the Oasis records made after this one . Like most people I got into Oasis -LRB- as well as Blur -RRB- during the Definitely Maybe/Morning Glory years . When I heard `` Be Here Now '' I could n't help wondering if the band had lost its edge . I liked The Master Plan a lot , but as it was more a loose collection of B-sides than an album in its own right , I did n't read it as indicative of a specific musical direction.By the time I bought a cassette of SOTSOG during an April 2000 trip to the UK , my Britpop tastes had moved on to Stereophonics , Belle & Sebastian and Badly Drawn Boy . I listened to that cassette in my rental car all during the trip . I was n't crazy about it . I really liked a couple songs , but when I got back to the US I put the tape away and rarely ever listened to it until a few weeks ago.So , my take on SOTSOG : Noel Gallagher has always written trite lyrics , but the triteness was forgivable because his songs had great hooks and were loud and noisy and made you want to jump around . SOTSOG shows that when Noel goes mellow , his lyrics quickly go from innocuous to annoying - and these songs generally are n't hooky enough to compensate.Letting Liam join the songwriting guild was not a smart remedial step ; at this stage , Liam 's simply a juvenile songwriter . I do n't oppose the mellowing of Oasis , but if they are going to turn the noise down they 're going to have to ratchet up the hook quotient or come up with some more sophisticated lyrics . Noel 's mellow tunes on The Master Plan -LRB- `` Going Nowhere '' , `` The Masterplan '' -RRB- came closer to achieving this balance.That said , the album has a few highlights . The Celtic raga-hymn `` Who Feels Love '' is one of the band 's best songs , ever ; since the CD-single of this song is more expensive than SOTSOG , the album is worth buying for this one song alone . Also , `` Go Let It Out '' is pretty much vintage Oasis , bright and crisp.I like where Noel Gallagher is going . I 'm interested to see if Oasis ' post-SOTSOG output is better .
 oasis had its glory days -LRB- i.e. definitely maybe and what 's the story morning glory -RRB- but now they 're DEAD and GONE . it all went downhill with be here now . just because they 've maintained their sound from the said previous albums -LRB- which is n't even necessarily a good thing -RRB- does n't mean this album is good . go let it out would n't have even been deemed worthy of release if it had been on what 's the story morning glory . now they 're just a waste of airtime and money .
 Sadly the answer to that question is a big fat NO ! This cd does n't sound like Oasis , does n't look like Oasis , it just happens to say Oasis on the cover . What happened to the band you ask , i 'll tell you . Two of the band 's guitarists , Bonehead and Guigsy , quit . Only Noel , Liam , and Alan White -LRB- the drummer -RRB- remain . Although I guess they did happen to find a couple of stiffs to replace them . But they sound nothing like they used to . Gone are the crunching guitars and brash vocals . The only song that sounds close to their old stuff is Go Let It Out but , it 's not even close to Supersonic or D'Ya Know What I Mean . Everybody complained about Be Here Now -LRB- their last album -RRB- but at least it was Oasis . I do n't understand why they would change so much . I mean even the black and white Oasis logo is gone . What 's up with that ? One of the reviewers said that these songs reflect the changing face of Oasis , with a darker and more complex personality . What is that supposed to mean ? I liked them when they just wrote good rock songs that you could crank up on your stereo . And to all of you who say Oasis is back i 'd like to ask you a question . Have you ever heard Definately Maybe , What 's the Story , or Be Here Now .
 actually not even average at times , that 's why i give it 2 stars . satisfactory but not comparable to their previous work , which can be astounding at its best . buy only if you feel you must try every Oasis cd there is . the last Cd was much better though , and that says a lot ...
 I 'm an Oasis fan from Spain -LRB- sorry for my horrible english -RRB- , and I was really disappointed when I listened this album for the first time . There are 4 or 5 good songs -LRB- none of which are excellent -RRB- and that was not what I expected . I think the other 3 albums are great -LRB- even Be Here Now , which by the way is my favourite Oasis album -RRB- and they do n't deserve to share discography with SITSOG . Hope Noel gets the message for the next time . Did you know this is the best-seller cd in the second-hand shops in London ?
 Thank god their current tour saved them from the void this album causes . The opening track , '' **** in ' in the Bushes '' , actually starts off the album well enough . The following track , `` Go Let It Out , '' is typical Oasis anthem rock . `` Who Feels Love ? '' That 's when the album manages to go downhill ... it 's general horrible sitar-inspired music which calls Cornershop up to mind , though there 's no way it can even top them . Skip the next track , onto `` Little James . '' I 'm glad Liam had the chance to finally have a track on the album which was not only sang but written by him , but come on ? The title along brings on the thought of `` Hey Jude '' to your ears . `` Gas Panic ! '' is n't that bad of a song , which basically consists of Noel reminiscing on how it was back when he was heavily into drugs . The poor guy . Skip the next track , onto `` Sunday Morning Call . '' I have no idea why anyone thinks this song is good . It 's boring . It 's not worth the space on the album . And as for `` I Can See A Liar , '' I think these lyrics are enough explanation for it
 I was a big fan of What 's the Story ... I believe it 's one of one of the top three albums of the nineties . I even liked Be Here Now -- while not a musical or creative marterpiece , it had some catchy pop tunes that played well -LRB- e.g. , Do n't Go Away , All Around the World -RRB- . Despite somehwat better reviews for SOTSHOG than BHN , I think the album sucks . It is completely devoid of creativity . Not one song jumped out at me . After a listen , I have absolutley no interest in hearing any of the songs again . They are boring ! Further , Liam 's vocal style is growing really tiresome . The band should dump him and let Noel take care of all lead vocal duties -LRB- the songs that he fronts on the album are at least somewhat bearable -RRB- .
 Oasis were never really the most talented or imaginative band , but they wrote good pop songs that made sense 5 years ago . But this ? It 's overblown , uninspired MOR rock . Why buy this imitation when you can buy the real thing , or , shock horror , something new and imaganitive -LRB- check out Primal Scream ... -RRB-
 Easily the worst album -LRB- they 're ONLY bad album -RRB- , SOTSOG is so unbelievably disappointing that it makes Be Here Now look brilliant . For any new fans of Oasis -LRB- how can there be when this is what they put out ? -RRB- , go buy Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory , two of the best rock albums ever made by the former-best-band-in-the-world . Only two songs on this album truly shine and those are `` Who Feels Love ? '' and lil ' Liam 's `` Little James '' . The rest is mostly average-to-poor by Oasis ' standards , ESPECIALLY `` Gas Panic ! '' , `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' and `` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' ! What happened to the band that gave us `` Whatever '' and `` Live Forever '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' and `` Digsy 's Dinner '' ? Yes , Oasis , rest in piece .
 Just -LSB- garbage -RSB- . They fail . This was Oasis ' last chance - I wo n't ever bother listening to their lousy records again . This is so ineffably lame , so uninspired ... why did they bother?Apart from some impressive production , there 's next to nothing worth listening to here . There 's some half-hearted attempts to clone `` Wonderwall '' which leave them sounding more like Chicago than the Beatles , and then of course there 's Liam 's songwriting debut , a touching -LRB- read
 Oasis has spent too Much Time trying to SOund Like The Beatles & Bits of The ROlling Stones.I have Never Gotten The Oasis thing.they Lack any Kind Of Originality.This Album Just Sounds Like Poor Left-Over Beatle Tracks that were kept in the Vaults for a Reason.In Fact i Got the Perfect Solution for Oasis : Get Puffy to Produce You SInce Both acts Just take from Original SOurces with No mind of Originality.Oasis Has n't changed much at all and that 's the Problem.they have n't been around that Long for Formula .
 Man i thought dru hill would make way betta music then what they put out luckly i got the album by a dub cd , 2 maybe 3 good songs tops , they made to much junk and put out weak to many weak songs with no meaning now isint dru hill post to be a r & b group so why they try to take it to a dance pop joint of half there tracks best track on there easily these are the times
 Mostly girls like it . But for guys this album is very boring . The song with Method Man is sweet . But this album is not a keeper in my book . I heard their first album is better . Get the first album instead .
 i did not like this CD . . it was unoriginal and boring at best . the lyrics and sounds are unimpressive . nothing new here . if u buy this CD u will regret it as well as bring shame and disgrace to you and your entire family
 There was just way too many slow ballads on this album . These guys are great vocally and lyrically but the beats they use do n't work well . Need more tracks like How Deep Is Your Love and Real Freak . I think they 'll realize it soon though and they 're on the right track with that bangin ' remix for You are Everything .
 Well , I suppose if you like all the slow songs then go buy this CD . For me The first 4 were the only good ones . So basically I blew 17 dollars on a not so good cd . Sure it has a lot of songs , and maybe it is worth the money to some people , but my opinion is that it was a sad and boring cd .
 That 's all you can say . The album is weak . There are only two good songs on the whole album , which are These Are The Times & The Love We Had -LRB- Stays On My Mind -RRB- . My advice to you is not get this weak album .
 I keep hearing people say this CD is so good , but I guess maybe I 'm not listening to it enough . I like a few songs on it , but the whole thing is n't worth putting on repeat -- you better shuffle it with another CD .
 After a perfect first album , I was waiting for a new Bomb , but this sophomore album from the Dru really disappoint me . Where are the solid smooth songs like `` Tell me '' or the funky sounds ? . Two mediocre mid-tempo songs and too many ballads without any feeling . Let my give you an advice Dru
 this group needs to quit with the straight up biting of jodeci.this group does n't know the word originality.wack and boring cd.them and 112 can put you asleep real fast .
 Jeez ... when I first got this CD , I was conviced it would have at least ten good songs out of the seventeen . It turns out , the only good songs happen to be `` How Deep Is Your Love ? '' `` Real Freak '' and `` Holding You '' . I thought that the song with Method Man would be a tight track . Though it 's catchy and is probably the fastest song on the album it just does n't cut the string . I do n't hate the album yet I just do n't think it 's Dru Hill at their beast . I do n't have their first album , but I 'm sure it 's better than this one.Another thing is the terrible beats . Ginuwine was smart to get Timabaland to help him with his album . The only tracks with tight beats are the ones I talked about earlier plus `` This Is What We Do '' . Lyrically , they are fine . The best singer of the whole group is Sisqo . I 'm glad he tried a solo.If you liked Dru Hill 's first album then get this one . If you do n't have Dru 's first album , forget it . -_- I HOPE THE NEXT ALBUM IS BETTER -_-
 nobody should buy this c
 ... and that 's because I do n't think that this CD is very good . Lately , I 've been reviewing duds and this CD is no exception . The first 10 tracks are pretty boring , minus track number 10 , One Good Reason which is OK but nothing spectacular . Another two of those tracks are the intro and the first pointless interlude . Track 11 , is another interlude and the song Angel is n't terrible but it 's pretty average . Not classic Dru Hill like I 'm used to . What Do I Do With The Love is up next and it 's another average track . You have NO idea how disappointing this CD is . Finally , with track 14 we get a good song , Beauty . I 've heard this one a couple of times and I like it a lot . Moving on ... These Are The Times is the next track and it 's a keeper . Not classic , but good , nonetheless . Sure did take them a LONG time to start to get things right . The Love We Had -LRB- Stays On My Mind -RRB- is a great , great song . Probably the best here . Finally , track 17 , the final track is called What Are We Gon na Do Now . Is it good ? Well , it 's better than anything that was offered from track one to ten but it still does n't stand out all that much.The best songs here are : The Love We Had -LRB- Stays On My Mind -RRB- -LRB- This is classic Dru Hill , in my eyes -RRB- BeautyThese Are The TimesWhat Are We Gon na DoAll in all , I definitely expected more out of them because they are a good R&B ; group that really brought it with their debut . `` April Showers '' , `` All Alone '' , `` So Special '' and `` 5 Steps '' are some great , classic R&B ; tunes . This release has `` average '' written all over it . Definitely a sophomore slump .2.5 stars .
 Borderline second album featuring Sisqo and the boys from Baltimore . Lots of attitude and sass , but the songs never graduate from the predictable . Even the Babyface-penned `` These Are the Times '' is a bit of a snooze . This record is n't a disaster , but it comes VERY close .
 The title song is wonderful , and my daughter loves it . The rest of the songs , however , are very annoying for the adults to listen to over and over . The CD frankly drove me nuts from the second time through . If you are looking for something to add to a play list , I would look elsewhere .
 I am a big fan of Raffi , and I have been since birth . I was even a fan of his while inside of my mother . My dad did a show of his in Tampa Florida and I began kicking my mom 's stomach when I heard his voice . He is the best ! I am sure I will listen to him for the rest of my life , until I die .
 I love Elfman 's movie and TV scores ; they never fail to delight me . And I generally enjoy listening to recordings of those scores because they evoke vivid memories of the movie they accompanied.However , Elfman 's commission for this piece was that he write a CONCERT piece -- in other words , something that would stand by itself ; something musically and structurally coherent ; something with a musical `` plot '' to it that grows and develops through the course of several movements . This work just does n't qualify.Instead , it 's just little snippets of his movie scores tied together . Listen closely and you can hear a bit of `` Mars Attacks '' here and a bit of `` Nightmare Before Christmas '' there ; an occassional reference to `` Batman '' or `` The Flash . `` As another reviewer has pointed out , this seems to be a score without a movie . While it 's a delightful piece of ear candy , there 's nothing lasting or deep about it . After one or two listenings , there 's nothing left to learn or discover .
 Rock ? ... no . R&B ... no ? Disco ? ... no . CHR ? ... yes , if that 's where the money is . Ridiculous ? ... most definitely.None of these songs fall into a specific genre . It 's as if this band wrote with different artists - trying to cover all the categorical bases . The lyrical content lacks integrity.The vocalist is UN-original and a little creepy -LSB- if you 've ever caught them live -RSB- . The live show I saw was almost certainly choreographed . -LSB- Note
 It 's probably Lil Wayne 's best album , but he needs some way better beats and this album was n't as good as say , Coo Coo Cal 's `` Disturbed . '' I 'll give Weezy credit though , he can rap without having to bust out a pen and a pad . But that line about being the best rapper alive since the best rapper retired is extremely overboard . I 'm surprised he 's not hunted down by the hip hop community because busting out a line like that is like saying you 're better than Meth , Luda , Eminem , Royce Da 5 ' 9 , '' Mystikal , 3 6 , Dre , Daz , Kurupt , Ice Cube , Xzibit , Krayzie Bone , Twista , Run DMC , Too Short , Lil Jon , Gangsta Boo , MC Lyte , Da Brat , LL Cool J , Jermaine Dupri , Pharoahe Monch , G-Unit , Rappin 4-Tay , Master P , Eve , and all the other dope MCs in hip hop .
 Lil ` Wayne is wack he sucks . Sorry but birdman and cashmoney they all suck . They have never been able to come out with a single that would at least be number one in Mtv or Bet . Lil ` wayne does n't have nothing he sucks . I rather hear trash then hear this crab . Lil ` Wayne is wack . Birdman has never been able to come out with a hit . Birdman only took out a hit with what happened to that boy.He did n't even make that track . Clipse and Pharrell took that beat to the next level . You people dump even my grandma sings better than him .
 I quote an adlib that Lil ' Wayne said on `` Bring It Back '' , the twelfth track off his latest album , Tha Carter , because I really do n't understand what would possess him to say something like that . Then again , some people may think I 'M crazy , considering that most of the ratings for this album are four or five stars and then you turn around and see my two-and-a-half-star rating . But I 'm sorry ; I 'm just not feeling this album.I remember Wayne doing an interview with VIBE magazine stating that he is now married because he has gotten more mature . Well , maybe he has a different definition of `` mature '' than the rest of the world , because I do n't think saying that is valid when you have a song on your new album called `` H ** s '' . But the rest of the album is n't very exciting either.I mean , the album might have its standout in songs like ... like ... liiike ... actually , there really are n't any standout tracks , or even memorable tracks . And yes , I did hear `` Go DJ '' , but I think that song is overrated because I really listened to it and I discovered that he really is n't talking about anything . Actual subject matter is n't that great either , as evidenced by the aforementioned `` H ** s '' and also `` Tha Heat '' , where he discusses how he 's going to shoot you . And `` Cash Money Millionaires '' goes nowhere.When generic R&B ; crooners come aboard , things are n't much better . Reel -LRB- who ? -RRB- fails to save songs with his hooks on `` On My Own '' and the self-explanatory `` I Miss My Dawgs '' . `` Earthquake '' uses a terrible interpolation of Al Green 's `` Let 's Stay Together '' ; and by the way , I do n't know why Al was n't credited in the liner notes . There 's also a lot of redundancy on the album . All the interludes sound exactly the same , as does Mannie Fresh 's production for the most part -LRB- and he STILL does that `` you are now listening to the incredible beats of Mannie Fre-Fre - -LRB- scratch -RRB- - Fre-Fre-Fresh '' part -RRB- . It 's bad enough for your album to be weak , but it 's worse for your album to be weak AND too long . I mean , come on , Wayne ... 79 minutes ? Tha Carter may be a hit for everybody in the South , but I do n't think I 'LL be playing it again.Anthony Rupert
 lil wayne is a piece of trash . . you cash money lovers need to understand one thing . lil wayne sucks monkey balls . . lyrically he competes with freeway , who is a piece of trash rapper that doesnt ryhme . Honestly , I have read a bunch of reviewers claiming that he is a lyrical genuis , I am not sure if this is a joke or are you people just that ignorant . The fact that he claims he is the `` hottest nigga under the sun '' is understandable because he is probably on a diet of cocaine and monkey balls but for people to belive this is absolutlety absurd . Expand your horizons people and stop smoking the crack and sucking the monkey balls . Listen to shady , g unit , and diplomats.Take my word of advise and do n't give this pathetic excuse of a rapper anymore money .
 Southern rappaz man aint got no talent . they all rap bout money n hoes . no skills son ! Not like tha north wit talented rappaz like Nas , Jada , styles , fat joe , mos def , n tha whole Def jam north . yo son if south went up against tha north , yo son tha north will KILL THA SOUTH !
 Hahahah Lil Wayne You Must Kidding This Is Just Wack Damnn Boy Never heard a Badder Voice and Lyrical Performance Than This Just Wack Maybe For The Cash Money Fns This Is a Good Album But People Just Buy An R.O.C Album Or Lloyd Banks Hunger For More Because This Is Trash
 WEAK
 its ok , but highly overated because there was no1 better , but now J cole is coming in , and so r other rappers , new 18yo rappers are bout to change the game again , thanks the lord that weezy is a fad ... his voice is annoying , when he doesnt actualy tlk like that , he claims blood when hes obviously not , and he only tlks about how rich he is and how cool he is
 It 's hard to review an artist album when you have a bias against his crew . Luckily we have a review scale @playahata . com , which categorizes 5 different areas of an albums sticking points . By grading an album in all five areas it gives an accurate overall measure of all the albums tracks not just the ones used to market for radio , so when I arrived at my D + Score . I knew that this had nothing to do with me being annoyed by guest rapper Baby 's bird sounds ongoing in the background on about 4 tracks . This album suffers because Lil ' Wayne is too young to have experienced too much that is relevant to talk about , and also because he idolizes Baby who is a step above awful as a rapper , and is everything a real MC is not . The only thing believable about Lil ' Wayne , Baby , and their posse are that they are sitting on stacks of paper with pictures of dead presidents on them , since they are getting more money than the average rapper thanks o a small dedicated fan base that does n't care much about anything other than beats and production , and that is the album 's strongest selling point . But in terms of creativity , content and lyrics the album bombs . Seeing the video for one of the songs tipped me off that this album might not be worth reviewing but you ca n't beat a 2 dollar bootleg . Despite people like me who will probably never directly support anything Cash-Money Records creates , there are a lot of music fans caught up in the power of celebrity , and they will buy this album . If Jermaine Dupri can sell the rap world J-kwon there should be no surprise that Lil Wayne might be able to have some staying power although he is no more talented than most any rapper you will find rapping on the corner in any urban community in America . - Nuff Said .
 Just saw this and had to go back on this review . My taste in rap has matured greatly . This dude , especially his new stuff , is whiney and talks about a whole lot of nothing . Search for more underground hip-hop , because all the artists who have something to say worth hearing are n't accepted by the corporations .
 lil ` wayne is garbage , enough said . do better for your self and pick up some wu-tang or tech n9ne .
 Yea dont make me laugh , best rapper alive ?? Yea f*cking right ! First of all cash money is THE stupidest name for a rap group ever , even though it does accurately describe the greed and ignorance it spreads like a wildfire through its music . Though i hav to admit Lil Wayne IS the best rapper in cash money -LRB- which really doesnt say anything at all when u look at the competition -RRB- . His lyrics are all about the 4 big things in commercial rap these days , -LRB- money , cars , women and jewlery -RRB- . Man if Tupac , Big L and Biggie were still alive there wouldnt be clowns like this around . If you want to know the REAL best hip hop albums of '04 pick up Madvillainy , 4th Dimensional Rocketship Going Up , Viktor Vaughn 2 and Murs 3:16 . -LRB- Oh yea , and please click the `` not helpful '' button so i have an accurate count of the number of mainstream loving retards that read this , thanks -RRB- .
 HE COULD HAVE CAME HARDER LIKE DA BLOCK IS HOT AND LIGHTS OUT DEM WAS HIS BEST CD 'S YET 500 DEGREES SUCKED ALL DA WAYMan I MISS MY DOG - 10 OUT OF 10Earthquake - 9 out of 10Birdman Jr. - 9 out of 103 best songs off cd
 this guy is a pathetic excuse for a rapper , i dislike lil wayne alot and he cant rap and he is no good n his face is really just there for u 2 knock him out . this guy sux and i cant believe he is famous and selling records , its embarrassing and i hate him very much , his album would be just as bad as himself . ----------- DO NOT SUPPORT LIL WAYNE ---------------
 I ca n't take his or Cash Money Records music serious.On the other hand Juvenile is a good rapper.I 'm just tired of hearing about all the lute they have.Yeah Cash Money made it in the game and became millionares but it 's getting old listening to them.Keep this gahbage in New Orleans .
 his cd stinks , if you have do not get it every song is a wreck
 5 stars ?!? not even close . 500 degrees was better than this and i hated that album . the first single released was `` get something '' which was a decent track and had the familiar wheezy flow , and i thought good his style hasnt changed at all . i waited months for this album and after hearing it i tossed it on the floor and spit on it . his new flow is aight but he doesnt lace tracks like he used 2 , mannie was sleepin on the production ... dont waste ur money , i only spent 9 and i want my money back .
 While it 's true that Lil ' Wayne has grown up , unfortunately he 's also left his flow behind . While his lyrics are more creative , and his rhymes are inventive , his flow is not as good as it used to be . When i say `` flow '' , i mean that he pauses and changes his voice up way too much , which stops you from bobbing your head . i think he tried to do too much . there is very little rhythm to his flow , except for a few exceptions on tracks 17 , 13 , and some of the intro .
 We love Raffi at our house -- my daughter always saves a seat for him at the dinner table . We did n't click with this album , though . It annoyed me , actually . Maybe we 've `` pigeon-holed '' poor Raffi .
 I ordered this black label audio cassette with eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- songs and I am sure that it is a good one , except it is not what I received from a seller -LRB- Ramses -RRB- . I received a green label `` cassette single '' with two songs on it . I did get a confirmed refund by seller . I was essentially told to read the fine print by the seller . I re-read the first page of the ad several times and could not find any statement that said it was a `` cassette single . '' In fact , it clearly showed the black label cassette in which eight songs are clearly identifiable on the cassette . Pretty murky selling . Buyer Beware .
 By the time Wynton recorded this Trio gig , `` flower power '' was being established , and Burt Bacharach-Hal David tunes were a staple of almost every LP -LRB- do n't misunderstand me - I like most Bacharach tunes , just not by heavyweight jazzmen -RRB- . Believe it or not , THIS 1967 LP was my introduction to Wynton Kelly - and you know , I simply ignored every track except `` I Want A Little Girl '' and , in my opinion , the best version ever recorded of `` Autumn Leaves '' . THAT was the cut that put Wynton on my map . Check out the sample below . That was quite a while ago - before I discovered Wynton with Wes , or Miles . Unfortunately , this CD sounds almost hopelessly dated , other than those two tunes . `` What A Difference A Day Makes '' , and `` On A Clear Day '' , and , of course , `` Walk On By '' are terrible . I so wish that Riverside or OJC or whatever it is now would really take the time to come up with a `` Best Of The Wynton Kelly Trio '' . I 'll bet it would smoke - just like this version of `` Autumn Leaves '' . 2 stars for 2 great songs . The rest goes the way of `` flower power '' and my 1967 VW Beetle . Things which , by the way , hold a special place in my heart - like this LP ... which I still have .
 Coldplay just is n't a band that needs a live album . No surprises here . Every song is the same as it was recorded in the studio . The DVD has great quality as far as picture and sound go , but the songs are a yawner ... that makes the audio cd very boring .
 The DVD is great in quality for picture and sound . The CD does not have near as good quality . There are no suprises here and a live cd should not be made by Coldplay ... why ? because the songs are the exact same as they are on the album . All of their songs follow the same structure , same chord progression , same repetative beat . Yellow is to Politik as The Scientist is to Amsterdam . The worst song on the album would have to be In My Place , where he clearly does n't want to sing the chorus because he probably is scared of going flat and allows the crowd to do it for him . The song is not as powerful as it is on the album . Just buy a Rush of Blood to the Head and you 'll be more satisfied . A reviewer referenced Oasis copying the Beatles ... well Coldplay copies U2 .
 I loved Coldplay 's other two albums , but I have never heard such crap ! I am ashamed to say that it is not worth the money . He sings out of tune and ca n't harmonize for crap ! Five stars come on people ... rate the CD not the Band !
 bob dole knows crap when bob dole sees it .
 I was looking forward to Coldplay live , popped in the DVD , and took it out after 10 minutes because the sound quality was so poor . This would n't be such a problem if all of the same songs were on the CD , but not all the DVD songs are on the CD . I thought it was two audio discs when I picked it up ... talk about misleading advertising . Why do I want to be near my TV to listen to it ? Although I love Coldplay , I 'm very disappointed in this release and would have avoided it had I known how shoddy the quality is , and that I was really buying a DVD with bonus CD .
 because it sucks so bad i give it one star.the cranky reviewer knows exactly what he 's talking about . i was AT the show on the 21st and it sucked so bad i vomited all over my girlfriend . and she had on this great red tight new shirt that i 'd bought her just so we could go to the show together . man she was smoking . anyway , she broke up with me that night cause i threw up on her . man that sucks . because of this band the love of my life is gone . AND her smoking body.while i may not agree with his assertions that duran duran are the best band ever - i think that it 's whitesnake - he raises some very valid points about many of his very well-intentioned and well-researched opinions . mike and dan , get a life - stop playing D&D !!!
 Coldplay , like most English bands , does n't really deviate from the studio version when playing live . This makes for a predictably likable set . With only two CDs it 's too early for Coldplay to release a live recording . In the documentary -LRB- included on the DVD -RRB- you get the feeling that Chris Martin does n't think his band will last . The U2 influence is undeniable especially considering how far the band has come in America in such a short time . It 's also a testament to how bad the music scene is today.The bonus CD is tracks from the same concert as the DVD and offers noting new.For completists only . -LSB- DW -RSB-
 If you think you 'll be watching a concert , you 'll be disappointed . This is not a concert . This is the result of an MTV era . It 's the classic cut and cut until you see nothing . The typical lack of talent for filming a concert . It seems nowadays they do n't know how to film a concert anymore . The band is great as usual but a concert on DVD is supposed to be just that . A concert ! Not a video-clip ! Why would I watch that ? I just play the CD .
 The rate would be a good 4,5 ... but the DVD does n't play in Europe ... So do n't buy it if not American ... otherwise music is neat , enjoy it , America.Marko Smolej , Slovenia
 For the sake of avoiding getting this review tagged as unhelpful , my comments are geared specifically towards `` audiophile '' - types who are very concerned with the quality of sound reproduction . If that is n't your thing , feel free to ignore my comments.I really enjoy Coldplay , but the sound quality here is unforgivable . I could n't bring myself to listen to much of it on my high-end system . For Coldplay fans who are also audio freaks , this album is not for you .
 I bought this and when I got it , I found it would only work in my computer , I tried different dvd players and it was not supported .
 This greatest hits collection would be a waste of cash for anyone looking to get a decent Marianne album . Everything here is fantastic however , but that 's half the problem . There are five tracks on here from Broken English , and rightfully so , but we only get six other tracks scattered from her career , one of which is a cover of Ghost Dance , which is weak and has no right to be put here over anything that was cut from Dangerous Acquantances or Strange Weather . Trouble in Mind is a classic Marianne tune , and She is super slick . The 60s version of As Tears Go By is sweet but feels way too out of place here after hearing the post 70s work . If you truly want a greatest hits collection , get the brilliant Island Anthology . This album feels like Broken English with some bonus tracks .
 This sounds like something youd hear out of a nursery ! This music has no redeeming values at all . Even if it was , it would be innapropreate for the children . If im right , fraire a ' jaques means `` come and sleep with me '' . That might be moulin rouge though . Honestly -LRB- COMMMENSE AND WE WILL DEFEAT THE QUINTON-TOES EMPIRE ! -RRB- honk honk bussy be have your hunny swee , this song is the the only good one on the album
 I have been a overkill fan for many , many , yrs . now . And I got ta tell ya , outta all there albums this would be the one I like the least . Do n't get me wrong I like it its worth the $ it has some good song 's . But it was n't at wreck neck speed ! But , if I had to buy it again I would .
 We love Raffi at our house -- my daughter always saves a seat for him at the dinner table . We did n't click with this album , though . It annoyed me , actually . Maybe we 've `` pigeon-holed '' poor Raffi .
 Rock ? ... no . R&B ... no ? Disco ? ... no . CHR ? ... yes , if that 's where the money is . Ridiculous ? ... most definitely.None of these songs fall into a specific genre . It 's as if this band wrote with different artists - trying to cover all the categorical bases . The lyrical content lacks integrity.The vocalist is UN-original and a little creepy -LSB- if you 've ever caught them live -RSB- . The live show I saw was almost certainly choreographed . -LSB- Note
 THE CD 'S RAFFI IS USING SKIP EITHER FROM THE BEGINNING OR SHORTLY AFTER.HIS MUSIC IS GREAT , BUT THE QUALITY OF THE CD IS P0OR AND VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 this guy is a pathetic excuse for a rapper , i dislike lil wayne alot and he cant rap and he is no good n his face is really just there for u 2 knock him out . this guy sux and i cant believe he is famous and selling records , its embarrassing and i hate him very much , his album would be just as bad as himself . ----------- DO NOT SUPPORT LIL WAYNE ---------------
 I ca n't take his or Cash Money Records music serious.On the other hand Juvenile is a good rapper.I 'm just tired of hearing about all the lute they have.Yeah Cash Money made it in the game and became millionares but it 's getting old listening to them.Keep this gahbage in New Orleans .
 his cd stinks , if you have do not get it every song is a wreck
 5 stars ?!? not even close . 500 degrees was better than this and i hated that album . the first single released was `` get something '' which was a decent track and had the familiar wheezy flow , and i thought good his style hasnt changed at all . i waited months for this album and after hearing it i tossed it on the floor and spit on it . his new flow is aight but he doesnt lace tracks like he used 2 , mannie was sleepin on the production ... dont waste ur money , i only spent 9 and i want my money back .
 While it 's true that Lil ' Wayne has grown up , unfortunately he 's also left his flow behind . While his lyrics are more creative , and his rhymes are inventive , his flow is not as good as it used to be . When i say `` flow '' , i mean that he pauses and changes his voice up way too much , which stops you from bobbing your head . i think he tried to do too much . there is very little rhythm to his flow , except for a few exceptions on tracks 17 , 13 , and some of the intro .
 lil ` wayne is garbage , enough said . do better for your self and pick up some wu-tang or tech n9ne .
 Yea dont make me laugh , best rapper alive ?? Yea f*cking right ! First of all cash money is THE stupidest name for a rap group ever , even though it does accurately describe the greed and ignorance it spreads like a wildfire through its music . Though i hav to admit Lil Wayne IS the best rapper in cash money -LRB- which really doesnt say anything at all when u look at the competition -RRB- . His lyrics are all about the 4 big things in commercial rap these days , -LRB- money , cars , women and jewlery -RRB- . Man if Tupac , Big L and Biggie were still alive there wouldnt be clowns like this around . If you want to know the REAL best hip hop albums of '04 pick up Madvillainy , 4th Dimensional Rocketship Going Up , Viktor Vaughn 2 and Murs 3:16 . -LRB- Oh yea , and please click the `` not helpful '' button so i have an accurate count of the number of mainstream loving retards that read this , thanks -RRB- .
 HE COULD HAVE CAME HARDER LIKE DA BLOCK IS HOT AND LIGHTS OUT DEM WAS HIS BEST CD 'S YET 500 DEGREES SUCKED ALL DA WAYMan I MISS MY DOG - 10 OUT OF 10Earthquake - 9 out of 10Birdman Jr. - 9 out of 103 best songs off cd
 Just saw this and had to go back on this review . My taste in rap has matured greatly . This dude , especially his new stuff , is whiney and talks about a whole lot of nothing . Search for more underground hip-hop , because all the artists who have something to say worth hearing are n't accepted by the corporations .
 WEAK
 its ok , but highly overated because there was no1 better , but now J cole is coming in , and so r other rappers , new 18yo rappers are bout to change the game again , thanks the lord that weezy is a fad ... his voice is annoying , when he doesnt actualy tlk like that , he claims blood when hes obviously not , and he only tlks about how rich he is and how cool he is
 It 's hard to review an artist album when you have a bias against his crew . Luckily we have a review scale @playahata . com , which categorizes 5 different areas of an albums sticking points . By grading an album in all five areas it gives an accurate overall measure of all the albums tracks not just the ones used to market for radio , so when I arrived at my D + Score . I knew that this had nothing to do with me being annoyed by guest rapper Baby 's bird sounds ongoing in the background on about 4 tracks . This album suffers because Lil ' Wayne is too young to have experienced too much that is relevant to talk about , and also because he idolizes Baby who is a step above awful as a rapper , and is everything a real MC is not . The only thing believable about Lil ' Wayne , Baby , and their posse are that they are sitting on stacks of paper with pictures of dead presidents on them , since they are getting more money than the average rapper thanks o a small dedicated fan base that does n't care much about anything other than beats and production , and that is the album 's strongest selling point . But in terms of creativity , content and lyrics the album bombs . Seeing the video for one of the songs tipped me off that this album might not be worth reviewing but you ca n't beat a 2 dollar bootleg . Despite people like me who will probably never directly support anything Cash-Money Records creates , there are a lot of music fans caught up in the power of celebrity , and they will buy this album . If Jermaine Dupri can sell the rap world J-kwon there should be no surprise that Lil Wayne might be able to have some staying power although he is no more talented than most any rapper you will find rapping on the corner in any urban community in America . - Nuff Said .
 It 's probably Lil Wayne 's best album , but he needs some way better beats and this album was n't as good as say , Coo Coo Cal 's `` Disturbed . '' I 'll give Weezy credit though , he can rap without having to bust out a pen and a pad . But that line about being the best rapper alive since the best rapper retired is extremely overboard . I 'm surprised he 's not hunted down by the hip hop community because busting out a line like that is like saying you 're better than Meth , Luda , Eminem , Royce Da 5 ' 9 , '' Mystikal , 3 6 , Dre , Daz , Kurupt , Ice Cube , Xzibit , Krayzie Bone , Twista , Run DMC , Too Short , Lil Jon , Gangsta Boo , MC Lyte , Da Brat , LL Cool J , Jermaine Dupri , Pharoahe Monch , G-Unit , Rappin 4-Tay , Master P , Eve , and all the other dope MCs in hip hop .
 Lil ` Wayne is wack he sucks . Sorry but birdman and cashmoney they all suck . They have never been able to come out with a single that would at least be number one in Mtv or Bet . Lil ` wayne does n't have nothing he sucks . I rather hear trash then hear this crab . Lil ` Wayne is wack . Birdman has never been able to come out with a hit . Birdman only took out a hit with what happened to that boy.He did n't even make that track . Clipse and Pharrell took that beat to the next level . You people dump even my grandma sings better than him .
 I quote an adlib that Lil ' Wayne said on `` Bring It Back '' , the twelfth track off his latest album , Tha Carter , because I really do n't understand what would possess him to say something like that . Then again , some people may think I 'M crazy , considering that most of the ratings for this album are four or five stars and then you turn around and see my two-and-a-half-star rating . But I 'm sorry ; I 'm just not feeling this album.I remember Wayne doing an interview with VIBE magazine stating that he is now married because he has gotten more mature . Well , maybe he has a different definition of `` mature '' than the rest of the world , because I do n't think saying that is valid when you have a song on your new album called `` H ** s '' . But the rest of the album is n't very exciting either.I mean , the album might have its standout in songs like ... like ... liiike ... actually , there really are n't any standout tracks , or even memorable tracks . And yes , I did hear `` Go DJ '' , but I think that song is overrated because I really listened to it and I discovered that he really is n't talking about anything . Actual subject matter is n't that great either , as evidenced by the aforementioned `` H ** s '' and also `` Tha Heat '' , where he discusses how he 's going to shoot you . And `` Cash Money Millionaires '' goes nowhere.When generic R&B ; crooners come aboard , things are n't much better . Reel -LRB- who ? -RRB- fails to save songs with his hooks on `` On My Own '' and the self-explanatory `` I Miss My Dawgs '' . `` Earthquake '' uses a terrible interpolation of Al Green 's `` Let 's Stay Together '' ; and by the way , I do n't know why Al was n't credited in the liner notes . There 's also a lot of redundancy on the album . All the interludes sound exactly the same , as does Mannie Fresh 's production for the most part -LRB- and he STILL does that `` you are now listening to the incredible beats of Mannie Fre-Fre - -LRB- scratch -RRB- - Fre-Fre-Fresh '' part -RRB- . It 's bad enough for your album to be weak , but it 's worse for your album to be weak AND too long . I mean , come on , Wayne ... 79 minutes ? Tha Carter may be a hit for everybody in the South , but I do n't think I 'LL be playing it again.Anthony Rupert
 lil wayne is a piece of trash . . you cash money lovers need to understand one thing . lil wayne sucks monkey balls . . lyrically he competes with freeway , who is a piece of trash rapper that doesnt ryhme . Honestly , I have read a bunch of reviewers claiming that he is a lyrical genuis , I am not sure if this is a joke or are you people just that ignorant . The fact that he claims he is the `` hottest nigga under the sun '' is understandable because he is probably on a diet of cocaine and monkey balls but for people to belive this is absolutlety absurd . Expand your horizons people and stop smoking the crack and sucking the monkey balls . Listen to shady , g unit , and diplomats.Take my word of advise and do n't give this pathetic excuse of a rapper anymore money .
 Southern rappaz man aint got no talent . they all rap bout money n hoes . no skills son ! Not like tha north wit talented rappaz like Nas , Jada , styles , fat joe , mos def , n tha whole Def jam north . yo son if south went up against tha north , yo son tha north will KILL THA SOUTH !
 Hahahah Lil Wayne You Must Kidding This Is Just Wack Damnn Boy Never heard a Badder Voice and Lyrical Performance Than This Just Wack Maybe For The Cash Money Fns This Is a Good Album But People Just Buy An R.O.C Album Or Lloyd Banks Hunger For More Because This Is Trash
 Of the three imports available on amazon , this is the version to get . It 's the cheapest , and includes the most tracks , including 3 remixes of the first 2 singles.As for the disc , I was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s . Unfortunately , instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music , what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated , with some Latin tones now and then . The only semi retro/electro tracks on here -LRB- and my favorites -RRB- are Feel For You , Love Bite , Your Love is Like a Drug , and Marc Almond 's remix of Venus . The two lead singles `` Move in My Direction '' and `` Look on the Floor '' are not even the strongest tracks ! And the remixes on their singles do n't make them much better.I appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken , but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this . Take a listen to the new Madonna or even the Kelly Osbourne -LRB- ! -RRB- to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that do n't melt down into total cheese . Unfortunately , I just do n't see US radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc.But of course , fans of Bananarama should still add this one to their collection . It 's listenable , if not up to today 's standards .
 First of all , let me start by saying that when you purchase this disc , do get it from Amazon Marketplace , because 37 dollars is way too much for any single disc import.As for the disc , I was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s . Unfortunately , instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music , what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated , with some Latin tones now and then . The only semi retro/electro tracks on here -LRB- and my favorites -RRB- are Feel For You , Love Bite , Your Love is Like a Drug , and Marc Almond 's remix of Venus . The two lead singles `` Move in My Direction '' and `` Look on the Floor '' are not even the strongest tracks ! And the remixes on their singles do n't make them much better.I appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken , but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this . Take a listen to the new Madonna or even the Kelly Osbourne -LRB- ! -RRB- to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that do n't melt down into total cheese . Unfortunately , I just do n't see US radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc.But of course , fans of Bananarama should still add this one to their collection . It 's listenable , if not up to today 's standards .
 First of all , let me start by saying that when you purchase this disc , do get it from Amazon Marketplace , because this is way too much to pay for any single disc import.As for the disc , I was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s . Unfortunately , instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music , what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated , with some Latin tones now and then . The only semi retro/electro tracks on here -LRB- and my favorites -RRB- are Feel For You , Love Bite , Your Love is Like a Drug , and Marc Almond 's remix of Venus . The two lead singles `` Move in My Direction '' and `` Look on the Floor '' are not even the strongest tracks ! And the remixes on their singles do n't make them much better.I appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken , but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this . Take a listen to the new Madonna or even the Kelly Osbourne -LRB- ! -RRB- to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that do n't melt down into total cheese . Unfortunately , I just do n't see US radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc.But of course , fans of Bananarama should still add this one to their collection . It 's listenable , if not up to today 's standards .
 I was anxious to hear an astounding modern yet retro dance disc from one of my favorite girl groups of the 80s . Unfortunately , instead of picking up on the latest influence of 80s music in dance music , what we get here is predominantly disco flavored tracks that sound painfully dated , with some Latin tones now and then . The only semi retro/electro tracks on here -LRB- and my favorites -RRB- are Feel For You , Love Bite , Your Love is Like a Drug , and Marc Almond 's remix of Venus . The two lead singles `` Move in My Direction '' and `` Look on the Floor '' are not even the strongest tracks ! And the remixes on their singles do n't make them much better.I appreciate the commercial direction the girls have taken , but you can still sound mainstream while being more sophisticated than this . Take a listen to the new Madonna or even the Kelly Osbourne -LRB- ! -RRB- to hear some infectious melodies with an 80s flair that do n't melt down into total cheese . Unfortunately , I just do n't see US radio embracing any of the sounds on this disc.But of course , fans of Bananarama should still add this one to their collection . It 's listenable , if not up to today 's standards .
 `` be here now '' and now this . how many more thoroughly ordinary oasis albums will we rush out and buy before we forget how good `` morning glory '' was ? this is yet another oasis album that starts with a couple of catchy openers , then descends into samey , oasisey , beatlesy nothingness until you realize the cd stopped ten minutes ago . maybe if you do n't buy this one , they 'll try harder next time .
 Well , it 's bloody Oasis , innit ? I 'll give them points for at least playing guitar rock when the rest of the world has moved on to rap metal or teenybop , but there are only two good songs ! Is this all they 've come up with in the two and a half years since Be Here Now ? And if ever there was a band that should NOT include their lyrics , it 's these guys ... I mean , Little James is cringe inducing . If you like Oasis , borrow it , tape the second and third songs , and go buy the new XTC record . The rest of these songs are rehashed , reheated stuff ... the usual mid-tempo chuggers that never go anywhere , but go on way too long ... sorry guys ... this sounds totally bereft of inspiration ...
 I 'm a big Oasis fan , but this album just falls flat . It only has ten tracks . . It opens with an instrumental -LRB- a rockin ' one , at that -RRB- . . and 3 of the remaining 9 songs are pretty horrible . These are `` Little James , '' the Doors rip off `` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' and the lame `` I Can See A Liar -LRB- Sitting by the Fire -RRB- . `` The album has several highlights . . `` Go Let It Out , '' `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' and `` Roll It Over '' are worth the price of admission.This album is n't much of a band effort since 40 % of the group left before the recording and Noel did most of it himself . Noel sings all but one of the album 's b-sides and ruins some songs like `` Sunday Morning Call '' and the b-side `` Just Getting Older '' with bombastic choir backing vocals . . He almost ruins `` Roll It Over , '' but pulls it off.They pick it up a bit after that . . their next album only had two bad songs . . -LRB- the last two -RRB- and then `` Do n't Believe the Truth '' was a total gem !
 Well , there 're always the bands that evolve and change their styles . You may or may not like them , or like their style at the beginning but not later phases , and vice-versa . But this album is completely different than every other Oasis album . It has a completely different sound -LRB- I 'm not saying it 's bad - not my taste to be honest - but some people might like it -RRB- . If you 're looking for `` Oasis Sound '' albuns , you 're looking in the wrong place . The sound here is noisy , you can see it was not worked on.In my opinion , Oasis felt too big for their own good , and thought people would like and buy anything they did - so `` why bother with the lyrics , clear sound and instrumentality that got us here ? '' Well , at least it 's the feeling I got.I 'm a huge Oasis fan from day 1 . My true , honest opinion is
 This must be the most disappointing compilation of music -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- of all time.I bought this album thinking that Oasis might still live up to their reputation as the best british rock band around and I was amazed to find that I would rather be listening to Eminem HA!The two brothers that were once the backbone of my favourite band have lost all their charisma and swaggaer . Noel is obiously trying to keep the band alive , but failing miserably and Liam doesnt seem to be trying to do anything `` Little James '' is the most embarassing song I have ever heard . It sounds like a dragged out , drunken nusery rhyme , thank you for displaying your amazing linguistic skills Liam . `` Put yer money where your mouth is '' is just taking the p ** s , I actually laughed out loud when i heard it `` Put yer money where yer mouth is , your momma said that you was real '' what a joke , I was amazed to hear that Noel wrote it . `` Gas Panic ! '' and `` Go let it out '' show hints of the Beatles-like tunes that made up Definitely Maybe but there is not one song on the album that I would really want to listen to , unlike on Morning Glory , where there is not one song that I WOULDNT want to listen to.I was thoroughly annoyed with this album and I wouldnt advise that you waste your time or money on it , it is a good thing that they redeemed themselves slightly with Heathen Chemistry and more so with Dont believe the Truth .
 I put off buying this for a long time , partly because of my lingering disappointment with `` Be Here Now '' and partly because I had yet to hear a really good track from it . Finally I decided that I enjoyed `` Who Feels Love '' enough to make the purchase , fully aware that most of this album would likely be useless . Unfortunately I was right . There are two other real high points here , sung by Noel , `` Where Did It All Go Wrong '' and `` Sunday Morning Call '' . It seems odd that Noel is now singing the best songs , as Liam has a much more interesting voice . One can only hope that perhaps WDIAGW will be released as a single with a re-recorded vocal by Liam . The only other track that is of any real lasting value here is the first single `` Go Let It out '' . Other than than it is all pretty dismal . `` Little James '' sounds like a very bad parody of `` Hey Jude '' , and someone at the record company should have put a stop to this before it was included in the final track listing . The rest of the tracks vary between quite bad , and moderately boring . Is this album better than `` Be Here Now '' ? Well , yes , and no . It sounds much better due to its production style , and the 4 good tracks have been kept to a reasonable length . The two biggest problems with BHN are that all the tracks sound terrible due to the production , and all the tracks are too long . However , the quality of the songs on BHN is actually much higher throughout . I know this is ridiculous to say , but if they took the six best tracks from BHN , and recorded shorter versions of them , then added those to the four best tracks on this album , the would actually have an album on the level their first two . The biggest concern here is that Noel seems to be running out of ideas . The only hope for Oasis in the future it seems , is to let Andy Bell write many of their songs . Imagine something like `` Step Into My World '' with Liam singing . That would be cool !
 While many believe that ` SOTSOG ' is better than their last offering , I must disagree . Be Here Now was also pretty poor -LRB- too much of the same style and lacked any decent songs -RRB- , but it was a more honest album of Oasis rock songs . Unfortunately , Noel has run out of ideas . SOTSOG is more interesting , but only for some of the production techniques used . But interesting is no substitute for quality ; it only helps to mask the inadequacy of the songs themselves . Oasis ' best efforts are now well behind them , especially the outstanding , punky , original , ` Definitely , Maybe ' and two songs from What 's the Story ... -LRB- Wonderwall and the title track -RRB- . On the current album , the opening track is a pearl . Interestinlgly , it is an instrumental -LRB- Noels lyrics are getting more and more predictable -RRB- which whets the listners appetite and makes you think ` the boys are back ' . Even the first few bars of Go Let it Out make you shift on your seat as you start to believe that Be Here Now was just a one-off . However , the song breaks down at the middle eight , which bears no connection to the rest of the song , and the album deteriorates from this point . Who Feels Love is far too obvious and ` Little James ' is a thoroughly laughable attempt at ` Hey Jude ' -LRB- writing a children 's song for an adult album is difficult at the best of times . Apart from McCartney , only Walter becker has achieved this with ` Little Kawai ' -RRB- . The rest of the album is intantly forgettable , apart from ` Gas Panic ' , which is a classic Noel song.I 'm afraid they have lost it , and there is no returning . If I was Noel , I would go solo . His voice is getting better all the time , his more reflective songs are now the pick of the crop and Liam 's voice is now monotonal -LRB- unlike the first album , where it had it all -RRB- .
 Having been a fan of Oasis since almost literally day one -LRB- I saw them for 5 bucks at the old 9:30 Club in DC -RRB- , I have followed this band VERY closely ... bought all the b-sides , etc. . This album is mediocre . There are maybe 3 or 4 songs that are worth listening to over and over again . It is stale , there is not much of a new direction at all except for the first -LRB- explicit -RRB- track . Buy this used , or find it as a promo , but do n't drop $ 17 . Liam sounds good , but if you 're looking for more songs like `` Wonderwall '' or even `` Do n't Go Away '' , you wo n't find them here . And NOTHING here matches the brilliance of `` Definitely Maybe '' , which is still probably their finest moment .
 It seems that they have always tried to be like The Beatles in everyway of their career . They keep telling everyone they are greater than Jesus - the world only took note when The Beatles said it . This album is REALLY disappointing and shows the weak -LRB- est ? -RRB- side of Oasis ... great sound when snapped .
 Where did it all go wrong is right ! Where to start with how disappointing this eagerly awaited album is ? For all the people who say that SOTSOG is a work of genius I 've got five words for you
 ... but that has to be one of the worst album titles ever conceived . Apparently the giants only have one shoulder between them ?
 easily the most disappointing cd I 've bought this year . Time for this band to split up or think seriously about the music they 're putting out as this album is plain awful .
 I like the first 2 oasis albuns ... but this one in my opinion is the WORST of all oasis albuns ... man , there 's not really a great track ... Besides , this is the album that really takes the attention of the audience from oasis ...
 Hello Oasis listeners , I 'm a huge fan of theirs and have a collection of 28 cds -LRB- singles , demos , b-sides , lps -RRB- . I 've listened to every released and unreleased song of theirs and have been to 6 shows in the US . I love Oasis and think they 're one of the greatest band in the world , but this album is not their best effort.Gas Panic , Where Did It All Go Wrong , Roll It Over , and Go Let It Out are the albums only major good points . I Can See a Liar and Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is sound too raspy and quite unfinished , the lyrics great either -LRB- these songs added to album at Liam 's personal request -RRB- . Be Here Now -LRB- LP 1997 -RRB- had much better heavy rock songs on it . Little James is a catchy tune , but with almost embarassing lyrics . It is a good effort by Liam at songwriting though , and the song seems to end just as it gets momentum.I believe that this album is a good indicator of how Oasis is looking into coming up with a slightly different sound , and that is good news . The addition of Gem Archer and Andy Bell will undoubtably add a great deal of song writting talent and music ability to the group -LRB- as Noel has said repeatedly -RRB- . Guigsy and Bonehead will be missed though.Overall , not the greatest Oasis album by far , but it is worth the buy if you want to hear a slightly different sound from Oasis . Make sure to see them this year on tour , I 'll see you at the shows . Cheers .
 It breaks my heart when heavyweights fail to deliver . We had pinned our hopes on Noel and Liam . Indeed , I thought they might represent the most brilliant part of the future of rock and roll . But this is their worst album , with only two good songs , Go Let It Out and Who Feels Love . It 's all the more heartbreaking that these two tracks are so fine , because it suggests what Oasis might have been . Maybe if their next album is good it can salvage their place in the pantheon . But we 'd been literally aching for THIS one . Their output since the magnificent What 's The Story now seems to prove that they ca n't consistently deliver . And that 's the difference between artists of historic proportions , and those who had a good album or two .
 Once again with baited breath we awaited the return of the ` saviours ' of British rock music-Oasis and I have to say what a disappointment.Firstly I 'm a keen fan of British rock music and a fan of Oasis.The first album received rave reviews , the second one was greeted with a sort of backlash-one magazine slated it and then realising they had made a terrible misjudgement proceeded to name it their album of the year!Then came ` Be Here Now ' and the press realising Oasis now had considerable clout -LRB- how do you get Gallagher bros. to appear on the cover of your magazine if you pan their album -RRB- gave it great reviews.O.K . it was n't the worst album but it was n't a patch on ` Whats The Story ... ' . Now we have the new album ` Standing on the shoulders of giants ` and most magazines give it very favourable reviews.I feel totally conned by these reviews as it by far their worst album yet.Once again the same 10 song format , once again the same Beatle influenced sound , once again the same awful lyrics -LRB- most notably on Liam 's ` Little James ' - ` You live for your toys.Even though they make noise ' - hopefully in a few years James might start writing the lyrics for his Dad -RRB- , once again their album concludes with the Oasis ` anthem ' . Oasis on this album sound tired.No catchy rock songs bar the single ` Go Let It Out ' . Even Liam 's singing which is normally excellent lacks it 's usual punch and attitude.The group seem to have put out an album which is going through the motions.The few glimmers of hope suprisingly come from the two songs sung by Noel songs 7 +8 . I do n't no where Oasis go from here-hopefully not on the long slippery slope to dinosaur rock domain.All I do know is that in a years time the British music press will call this album for what it is - a tremendous disappointment .
 A low point . Listening to this album , one can only pray they go back to drinking and drugging themselves to death - when they did they had a much better run at the compositions . You can really see they want to be the Beatles in this album ... let 's hope Yoko Ono will break them up .
 I 'm a big Oasis fan . I was one of those few people who actually thought `` Be Here Now '' was brilliant , but this stinks . Only `` Go Let it Out '' even sounds like Oasis , the rest of the stuff is downright odd , and usually bad . Liam is n't even on 3 of the 10 songs , and , unfortunately , those are 3 that actually show some promise . But , without Liam , they sound flat and lifeless . If you want to hear just how bad a song Oasis can make , just listen to `` Little James '' it must be some sort of inside joke , beacuse it is truly horrible . Buy the single , but leave the album alone .
 Everyone knows that `` WTSMG '' is by far the greatest Oasis album and quite frankly , as we say in dear old Blighty , this is pants . Apart from the brilliant sneeriness of `` Go Let It Out '' -LRB- a UK no. 1 -RRB- and a couple of others , this is even more of a disappointment than BHN . Anyway , to be totally objective , I quite like BHN after 3 years so maybe SOTSOG is a grower and , well , Oasis are after all the greatest Beatles tribute band ever so I ca n't diss them too much .
 If youre really really into them and you love Oasis , then maybe you should ask someone to buy this for you as a gift . Otherwise , youll be highly upset when you buy it and actually hear what youve spent your money on . Maybe I 'm just still stuck on their first two -LRB- awesome -RRB- cd 's . Maybe I need to evolve , maybe this cd sucks .
 The brothers Gallagher and crew blistered out of the ether in 1994 with the quintessential angry young Brit declaration Definitely Maybe to become the celebrated Beatles/Clash progeny of the U.K. music scene . Their follow , 1995 's glittery and poignant Lennonesque meditation What 's The Story -LRB- Morning Glory -RRB- , affirmed Oasis ' as gods of the new music movement and flag-bearing saviours of the Brit music scene . But it 's all been downhill from there . Drugs , egos , money and two impossibly bad albums -LRB- Be Here Now and the B-side/rarity compendium Masterplan -RRB- find Oasis at the crossroads with Standing On the Shoulder Of Giants . The verdict ? It 's a mess . But at least it 's an honest mess . Recorded in France over six turbulent months of booze detox , new fatherhood and the abdication of band members Bonehead and Guigsy , Standing is a noisy hodge-podge of plodding techno beats , oily Mellotron samples , haphazard guitar riffing , shameless Beatle shanghais and Liam 's irritating nasaled vocal cliches . Lyrically , songwriter/guitarist/brother Noel comes across as a feeble-minded George Gershwin playing with ` plasticine ' on a ` trampoline ' with a ` worthwhile smile ' behind a ` certain curtain . ' Musically , his creative ambition is best described as thievery , the shameless embezzlement of old psychedelics from the Beatles ' catalogue -LRB- Strawberry Fields Forever , Dear Prudence , etc. -RRB- are the sole support beams holding this load of post-cocaine twaddle in the air . When it 's not an oblivious parody , it 's utterly excruciating , thanks to the perpetual tonal fuzz and Liam 's squalling protraction of vowels
 For a band that 's been away from studio releases for a few years you 'd think that they could come up with some new sounding material . I think that the main review above explains it best -- while Oasis may think that they are improving on the old sounds of classic rock and are the new Beatles , the songs on this album are illustrative of those old bands low points . Stick with the first two albums , that 's where Oasis actually had some clever , more original material . Of course , if you are a diehard fan , this should not disappoint you TOO much , I suppose .
 I 'm going to quote REM on this one ... `` Standing on the shoulders of giants leaves me cold ''
 Mr Williams got it right . RIP Oasis
 THis band is a disgrace to rock 'n roll . THeir arrogance is clearly demonstrated in this lousy album , in which they only copy their idols . Sad .
 I am not a fan , I do n't like Oasis , I never did . They did have some good melody , now , even that is gone with the wind . The single ` Go Let It Out ` is supposed to be a progressive move for them , it sounds like they have been hanging around with the Beta Band for a long time , it would be good if they had the latter 's standard . Poor imitation ! They are trying very hard to sound like bands like Pink Floyd or the Beta Band , not Beatles anymore ? People move on ? Have these people grown smarter ? NO WAY !! They are still stubborn and stuck-up as ever . Feel like doing them justice now , Liam has good voice and if he wants to , he can really do some fantastic stuff like what Thom Yorke does to his voice , in a different way , of course . Back to the subject , this is a terrible album , by anybody 's standard , yet it still sells better than Beta Band . Is n't it ironic ?
 Ya thought What 's the story was a stupid cd , think again . This cd takes the cake as the most stupid cd this year has released . I hate Oasis and it 's arrogance . I hate every cd they 've ever released . I 'm glad I 've only bought 2 . Stay away !
 You know , I guess it could n't have lasted forever , could it ? I mean , how does a band in the span of five years release three amazing rock records and a stellar B-Side comp?I guess a bit of back story if involved . In the summer of 1997 Oasis was one of the biggest rock bands around , and their third album `` Be Here Now '' was one of the most anticipated records of the year . It was released and sold well and got pretty high marks from critics . But by years end , it was apparent that Oasis , at least in the minds of many music fan , had worn out their wlecome , their bravado growing tired , and in the year of `` OK Computer '' , out of time and place -LRB- though this was n't my sentiment -RRB- . So Oasis went away , releasing a B-Side comp `` The Masterplan '' a year later , and then nothing . For two years , witht the exception of Bonehead , the bald guitarist , and Guigsy , master of the four string , leaving the band.So when `` Standing on the Shouldar of Giants '' was finally released in the early winter of 2000 , I was there the day it came out , forked over my fifteen dollars , and headed home , excited and anxious.And to say I was immensly dissapointed by what I found when the record was finished is a major understatement . Gone were the anthemic choruses , the melodic guitar breaks , the attitude , the bravado , the SONGS . `` Standing on the Shouldar Giants '' is essentially neo-psychedlic , but its also immensly boring and trite.Granted `` F ***** in the Bushes '' gets the blood flowing properly , but from there its all downhill , and its all downhill quickly . `` Go Let It Out '' features some of Noel 's most ridiculous lyrics , except this time the song backing them is boring , uninspired and worst off all lacks any memorable hook . `` Who Feels Love ? '' is a crappy rendition of a later period Bealtes song with psudo-hippie like lyrics , if only they did n't feel so arrogant and false . `` I Can See A Liar '' and `` Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is '' try to reach `` Morning Glory '' - esque heights , but are little more that barely carved out riffs without the melody , a fact he tries to cover up with studio trickery that just does n't work for the band . And Liam 's first attempt at songwritting , the `` Hey Jude '' like `` Little James '' , fails to create a memorable melody . I do n't doubt the songs sincerity , even if the lyrics are elementary at best , but I just no there is n't enough going on to warrent a second listen.Another drastic problem with the C.D. relates back to Liam , one of the most underrated singers in rock of the past twenty years , and that being he appears on only seven of the records ten songs . I am of the feeling that if you have one of the best singers of his generations if your ranks then you use him by God every chance you can , ecspeccially since Liam seems to be the only one putting in any effort at all . To add insult to energy , the two Noel sung ditties , the Neil Young-esque `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' -LRB- which should 've been the title of this record -RRB- and `` Sunday Morning Call '' , are put right next to it , making you wonder where Liam has gone off too . `` Standing on the Shouldar of Giants '' is not a transistional record , but rather a bad one . There is little interesting going on here , no good melodies to bring you back , and no sense that Oasis even care anymore about their craft.Noel sang it once in 1995 , and it became all the obvious on this record
 oasis had its glory days -LRB- i.e. definitely maybe and what 's the story morning glory -RRB- but now they 're DEAD and GONE . it all went downhill with be here now . just because they 've maintained their sound from the said previous albums -LRB- which is n't even necessarily a good thing -RRB- does n't mean this album is good . go let it out would n't have even been deemed worthy of release if it had been on what 's the story morning glory . now they 're just a waste of airtime and money .
 Sadly the answer to that question is a big fat NO ! This cd does n't sound like Oasis , does n't look like Oasis , it just happens to say Oasis on the cover . What happened to the band you ask , i 'll tell you . Two of the band 's guitarists , Bonehead and Guigsy , quit . Only Noel , Liam , and Alan White -LRB- the drummer -RRB- remain . Although I guess they did happen to find a couple of stiffs to replace them . But they sound nothing like they used to . Gone are the crunching guitars and brash vocals . The only song that sounds close to their old stuff is Go Let It Out but , it 's not even close to Supersonic or D'Ya Know What I Mean . Everybody complained about Be Here Now -LRB- their last album -RRB- but at least it was Oasis . I do n't understand why they would change so much . I mean even the black and white Oasis logo is gone . What 's up with that ? One of the reviewers said that these songs reflect the changing face of Oasis , with a darker and more complex personality . What is that supposed to mean ? I liked them when they just wrote good rock songs that you could crank up on your stereo . And to all of you who say Oasis is back i 'd like to ask you a question . Have you ever heard Definately Maybe , What 's the Story , or Be Here Now .
 actually not even average at times , that 's why i give it 2 stars . satisfactory but not comparable to their previous work , which can be astounding at its best . buy only if you feel you must try every Oasis cd there is . the last Cd was much better though , and that says a lot ...
 I 'm an Oasis fan from Spain -LRB- sorry for my horrible english -RRB- , and I was really disappointed when I listened this album for the first time . There are 4 or 5 good songs -LRB- none of which are excellent -RRB- and that was not what I expected . I think the other 3 albums are great -LRB- even Be Here Now , which by the way is my favourite Oasis album -RRB- and they do n't deserve to share discography with SITSOG . Hope Noel gets the message for the next time . Did you know this is the best-seller cd in the second-hand shops in London ?
 Many of the reviewers of this album have the opinion that true Oasis fans will like this release . Although I may not be as hardcore a fan as some , I still own all their albums and consider one of the best bands of the 90 's . Entering the new decade , however , I think they could have done better . For the most part , this album does not have the upbeat , catchy feel of past albums such as the masterpiece `` Morning Glory '' and the epic-sounding if somewhat repititious `` Be Here Now . '' So be warned . But for those who do love this band so extensively , you probably will find a few numbers here that may make this purchase worthwhile to complete your collection , if nothing else . `` Go Let It Out '' and `` Gas Panic ! '' are two worthwhile singles , although they fall short of many of the songs proclaimed to be B-Sides on the Masterplan CD . And `` Sunday Morning Call '' is serenely beautiful and catchy in its own right . Die-hard fans may want to pick this one up , but casual listeners or newbies ought to pick up their best releases first . Any one of the previously mentioned albums would apply .
 What IS this ??!! Effing in the bushes is what I would expect to hear on some William S. Burroughs/rock star of the moment project ... tripe ! The remainder of this record is formulaic and uninspired ... it 's no wonder that the rest of the band abandoned this project and the band so they could salvage their dignity . It 's too bad , because I used to buy anything with Oasis ' name on it whether I 'd heard it or not . Those days are over , just as it seems the band 's are .
 First , I should say that I have n't yet heard any of the Oasis records made after this one . Like most people I got into Oasis -LRB- as well as Blur -RRB- during the Definitely Maybe/Morning Glory years . When I heard `` Be Here Now '' I could n't help wondering if the band had lost its edge . I liked The Master Plan a lot , but as it was more a loose collection of B-sides than an album in its own right , I did n't read it as indicative of a specific musical direction.By the time I bought a cassette of SOTSOG during an April 2000 trip to the UK , my Britpop tastes had moved on to Stereophonics , Belle & Sebastian and Badly Drawn Boy . I listened to that cassette in my rental car all during the trip . I was n't crazy about it . I really liked a couple songs , but when I got back to the US I put the tape away and rarely ever listened to it until a few weeks ago.So , my take on SOTSOG : Noel Gallagher has always written trite lyrics , but the triteness was forgivable because his songs had great hooks and were loud and noisy and made you want to jump around . SOTSOG shows that when Noel goes mellow , his lyrics quickly go from innocuous to annoying - and these songs generally are n't hooky enough to compensate.Letting Liam join the songwriting guild was not a smart remedial step ; at this stage , Liam 's simply a juvenile songwriter . I do n't oppose the mellowing of Oasis , but if they are going to turn the noise down they 're going to have to ratchet up the hook quotient or come up with some more sophisticated lyrics . Noel 's mellow tunes on The Master Plan -LRB- `` Going Nowhere '' , `` The Masterplan '' -RRB- came closer to achieving this balance.That said , the album has a few highlights . The Celtic raga-hymn `` Who Feels Love '' is one of the band 's best songs , ever ; since the CD-single of this song is more expensive than SOTSOG , the album is worth buying for this one song alone . Also , `` Go Let It Out '' is pretty much vintage Oasis , bright and crisp.I like where Noel Gallagher is going . I 'm interested to see if Oasis ' post-SOTSOG output is better .
 Thank god their current tour saved them from the void this album causes . The opening track , '' **** in ' in the Bushes '' , actually starts off the album well enough . The following track , `` Go Let It Out , '' is typical Oasis anthem rock . `` Who Feels Love ? '' That 's when the album manages to go downhill ... it 's general horrible sitar-inspired music which calls Cornershop up to mind , though there 's no way it can even top them . Skip the next track , onto `` Little James . '' I 'm glad Liam had the chance to finally have a track on the album which was not only sang but written by him , but come on ? The title along brings on the thought of `` Hey Jude '' to your ears . `` Gas Panic ! '' is n't that bad of a song , which basically consists of Noel reminiscing on how it was back when he was heavily into drugs . The poor guy . Skip the next track , onto `` Sunday Morning Call . '' I have no idea why anyone thinks this song is good . It 's boring . It 's not worth the space on the album . And as for `` I Can See A Liar , '' I think these lyrics are enough explanation for it
 I was a big fan of What 's the Story ... I believe it 's one of one of the top three albums of the nineties . I even liked Be Here Now -- while not a musical or creative marterpiece , it had some catchy pop tunes that played well -LRB- e.g. , Do n't Go Away , All Around the World -RRB- . Despite somehwat better reviews for SOTSHOG than BHN , I think the album sucks . It is completely devoid of creativity . Not one song jumped out at me . After a listen , I have absolutley no interest in hearing any of the songs again . They are boring ! Further , Liam 's vocal style is growing really tiresome . The band should dump him and let Noel take care of all lead vocal duties -LRB- the songs that he fronts on the album are at least somewhat bearable -RRB- .
 Oasis were never really the most talented or imaginative band , but they wrote good pop songs that made sense 5 years ago . But this ? It 's overblown , uninspired MOR rock . Why buy this imitation when you can buy the real thing , or , shock horror , something new and imaganitive -LRB- check out Primal Scream ... -RRB-
 Easily the worst album -LRB- they 're ONLY bad album -RRB- , SOTSOG is so unbelievably disappointing that it makes Be Here Now look brilliant . For any new fans of Oasis -LRB- how can there be when this is what they put out ? -RRB- , go buy Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory , two of the best rock albums ever made by the former-best-band-in-the-world . Only two songs on this album truly shine and those are `` Who Feels Love ? '' and lil ' Liam 's `` Little James '' . The rest is mostly average-to-poor by Oasis ' standards , ESPECIALLY `` Gas Panic ! '' , `` Where Did It All Go Wrong ? '' and `` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' ! What happened to the band that gave us `` Whatever '' and `` Live Forever '' and `` Champagne Supernova '' and `` Digsy 's Dinner '' ? Yes , Oasis , rest in piece .
 Just -LSB- garbage -RSB- . They fail . This was Oasis ' last chance - I wo n't ever bother listening to their lousy records again . This is so ineffably lame , so uninspired ... why did they bother?Apart from some impressive production , there 's next to nothing worth listening to here . There 's some half-hearted attempts to clone `` Wonderwall '' which leave them sounding more like Chicago than the Beatles , and then of course there 's Liam 's songwriting debut , a touching -LRB- read
 Oasis has spent too Much Time trying to SOund Like The Beatles & Bits of The ROlling Stones.I have Never Gotten The Oasis thing.they Lack any Kind Of Originality.This Album Just Sounds Like Poor Left-Over Beatle Tracks that were kept in the Vaults for a Reason.In Fact i Got the Perfect Solution for Oasis : Get Puffy to Produce You SInce Both acts Just take from Original SOurces with No mind of Originality.Oasis Has n't changed much at all and that 's the Problem.they have n't been around that Long for Formula .
 These were good songs for kids , but even they were bogged down by the boring renditions . I had never heard this artist before , next time I `` ll listen to a few songs first .
 The Make-up are lame ; if you want soul music then buy a James Carr record . If you want gospel , then buy a Staple Singers record ; if you want rock n ' roll then buy the Pretty Things or the Monks , or hell even the Minutemen or the Big Boys.But this kind of tripe , man , this junk is for boys and girls who spend too much time in the mirror and read the back of the book instead of finishing the story ... totally lame .
 The Make-up are lame ; if you want soul music then buy a Bobby Charles record . If you want gospel , then buy a Staple Singers record ; if you want rock n ' roll then buy the Pretty Things or the Monks , or hell even the Minutemen or the Big Boys.But this kind of tripe , man , this junk is for boys and girls who spend too much time in the mirror and read the back of the book instead of finishing the story ... totally lame .
 As a father of two I try to find educational music with a good beat and i 'll enjoy too . I could n't find anything like that until I found Crazy Curt and the fireballs `` kidz go crazy '' My kids really did go crazy when they heard it !!! dont get me wrong , this CD is good but i would recomend going with Crazy Curt .
 There are so many better kid 's artists . Raffi is so cheesy and boring . I do n't know who is worse , Raffi or Barney .
 I ca n't believe people still go for this artist . Even if his work was `` ground-breaking '' in the 70 's , he ca n't hold a candle to Laurie Berkner -LRB- see her videos on Noggin Channel -RRB- I thought if this guy can still sell albums and they are this ho-hum , then anyone with recording equipment and a decent voice could do as well .
 Although the performance itself is competent , if you care about recording quality then do not buy this CD ! The most dramatic moments of the Symphony are dulled by poor acoustics and probably poor recording engineers . In addition , upper ranges in some of the violin solos of the Violin Concerto sound scratchy and downright irritable to the ears on good stereo equipment . There are plenty of decent Sibelius recordings out there , but this is most emphatically not one of them .
 Hi thereI just have a question.Is it possible to get a playback-disc of the album `` Best so far `` from Cindy Morgan?If yes can I order it at Amazon?Thanks for your helpGreetings Pascale
 Number One
 THE CD 'S RAFFI IS USING SKIP EITHER FROM THE BEGINNING OR SHORTLY AFTER.HIS MUSIC IS GREAT , BUT THE QUALITY OF THE CD IS P0OR AND VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 My advice is to lokk for the hits off of this album on a compilation sometime in the future . THe hits are really the best cuts . Sadly , it seems as if the album was just pumped out with no thougt . I was very dissapointed with this album .
 This Mellencamp album stunk even more badly than Whenever We Wanted . Like another reviewer here said , the only worthwhile songs on this album are `` Key West Intermezzo '' and `` Just Another Day , '' and even they are nothing compared to JM 's other work.If you are not that familiar with Mellencamp , do yourself a favor and get an album like Big Daddy or The Lonesome Jubilee to see what greatness he 's capable of . I wasted my money on this sorry collection of third-rate material .
 In the original CD release from Rykodisc , we got music aplenty but sloppy sound quality . In this brand new rerelease under a new label , we get better sound quality but less tracks ! ARRGH !! And as if to add insult to injury , the new cover art is terrible -- this does NOT look like Marilyn Monroe is the least ! It may seem a slight complaint to some , but I loved the cover art of Rykodisc 's release much better.Looks like we 'll all have to wait for the next label to pick this one up to do a better job . Better luck next time , I suppose ... hopefully the old saying about three being a charm is correct ...
 I love rock , I love classical music . I would have thought mixing both genres would lead to great music . I was wrong . Malmsteen 's playing was annoying and kept calling attention to itself instead of adding to the music .
 I dont understand why this kind of neoclassical guitar molestation has not only managed to survive but is still so enduringly popular . Yes , the players ARE talented , and yes , they play `` beautiful '' melodies , but they 're beautiful in such a done-to-death , cliched way that you begin to wonder how these guys havent got bored of it themselves . When Yngwie emerged , his playing was fresh , and although most of his chord progressions could easily be traced back to Paganini and Bach , he was , at the very least , impressive . Now doubt about it , Yng is a great musician , and certainly one of the best in metal
 Why on earth this Neo-classical ` play as fast as I can ' stuff is still ever popular beggars belief . Yngwie Malmsteen seems to be stuck in a time zone , were it is okay to play the same solos , the same riffs and rhythms over and over and over again , album after album . Surely he must be getting bored with his own playing by now ? You could imagine the outcry if Eddie Van Halen re-leased eruption over and over again , or if even Vinnie Moore , Steve Vai of Greg Howe played the same solos over and over again , but this is the difference with these guitarists in that they experiment and move with the times . As for the songs on this album , they are once again weaker than weak . I think it is time Yngwie either learnt some new scales and changed his playing or quit , because I personally think his music nowadays is duller than dull .
 I totally agree with the reviews that state this album is duller than dull . YJM is one of the most repetitive and boring guitarists out there . How on earth anybody can give this Album a rating above 1 star is extraordinary , because the music is just a re-gurgitation of all YMJ 's previous offerings , which are outdated and to be frank , absolute crap .
 So here it is , Malmsteen ripping out the same licks over and over again . When is this man going to realise that the Public are bored sh ** less of this stuff . People use to say that Malmsteen was one of the best guitarists in the world , but after his fourth album they started to realise that all this man can do is play heartless speed runs in the same friggin key all the time , and only in his tiny mind will he ever be regarded as one of the greats . Neo-classical rock is dead and as for the lyrics on this album they are just pathetic . All I can say is that this album demonstrates for the umpteenth time that YGM is unable to progress out of the Eighties , or write anything of commercial original quality . So the only Nerds that will like this album are the really simple ones .
 The same music pattern , the same tunes , the same melodies , the same beat - nothing new . Yngwie is exhausted . He reuses the same music over and over again . This is frustrating and annoying . He is such a great talanted musician but now he 's stuck at the dead end of the street and can not find the way out.Nobody in the rock music can match up with Ritchie Blackmore . All his albums are perfect of some degree and always contains new conceptual music ideas , new tunes , new melodies , new vocals - he is never the same not a bit . He is open to changes and is always searching for new ways in the music path . He is indeed genius and great in the music art .
 Malmsteen has once again released the same record 23 years in succession . For some of these 5 star reviewers all I can say is ` get a life ' . Malmsteen is the most boring , repetitive dullest guitar player ever and if you are too dumb to see that , then go ahead , waste your money and buy this record . For the more educated out there , avoid !
 finally got it downloaded . Im gon na start calling him hurricaine Yngwie cuz this buh-lows . Anyone who gives money for this should buy a $ .5 coaster instead and theyll get the same amount of enjoyment .
 I agree with everyone who gave this one star . Yngwie just gets so tiresome . I respect his speed , but man , USE A DIFFERENT IDEA ONCE IN A WHILE !! Same arpeggiated choruses , same harmonic minor solos , same beats . And I have n't even heard this album , I 'm just assuming that 's what it sounds like based on the last 20 years of his material . I guess you ca n't teach an old dog -LRB- with a big a ** gut -RRB- new tricks . Try Michael Romeo from Symphony X or John Petrucci from Dream Theater , who both have excellent solo releases -LRB- Petrucci under his own name and also with the instrumental group Liquid Tension Experiment -RRB- .
 You 're going to read reviews below from people who love every movement of air that Yngwie creates with his string vibrations , and from others who think that he is the most boring and predictable player since the instrument was created.I can understand where each side is are coming from , and , in a way , they 're both right . Yngwie 's my favorite player ; not necessarily the best , but the most entertaining overall -LRB- to me -RRB- when you combine his technique , his ability and chops , and his presence . I 've seen him eight or nine times in concert , and will continue to do so . But - and I 've made this complaint before - as the title of this review implies , Yngwie seems content to continue staking ground he 's already claimed rather than exploring new territory.There 's some good stuff here . Yngwie always comes through with a decent song to start the album , and `` Locked and Loaded '' is better than the last couple of albums ' lead-off tracks - `` Razor Eater '' -LRB- which was a nice tribute to The Damnation Game , BTW -RRB- and `` Prophet of Doom '' . But it does n't reach the heights of `` Never Die '' or `` Rising Force '' . `` Revolution '' is more than competent , and , it 's probably just me , but the flurry from 1:06 -1:10 seems even more speedy than usual . `` Fuguetta '' - Yngwie 's played this as part of -LRB- one of -RRB- his solos in concert for decades , but it 's good to see him finally lay it down in the studio , even with some of the string mutings . `` Cracking the Whip '' and `` The Bogeyman '' both start off with cool heaviness , but then devolve into standard Yngwie and become overall average songs -LRB- although Bogeyman is the better of the two -RRB- . `` Winds of War '' - FAKE OUT !!!! The first minute + of this starts out like it 's going to be The Ballad , which I was waiting for -LRB- yeah , I love cheeseball metal ballads -RRB- but then the song changes over to stock mid-tempo fare . `` Magic and Mayhem '' - I think this is better than any of the instrumentals on Attack !! or War to End All Wars.I 'm not going to continue with a song by song blow , but I have to mention how disappointed I was with `` Let The Good Times Roll '' . It 's actually a good up-tempo number with one of the better solos on the album - but when I saw the song title I thought , `` Yngwie 's covering Shirley & Lee ? Sweet ! '' Yes , I thought Yngwie was about to take a risk and put his own touch on a classic doo-wop era song . Silly me.For the veteran Yngwie fan , you 're going to hear bits and pieces of other songs throughout this album . A few examples ; the beginning vocals on `` Exile '' evoke `` Anguish and Fear '' . `` The Hunt '' - `` I Am A Viking '' . `` Crown of Thorns - Crash and Burn '' . And then we have `` Russian Roulette '' - which starts off sounding exactly like Richard Andersson 's Space Odyssey 's `` The House With A Hundred Windows '' . Maybe there 's some classical piece that they 're both giving a nod to ? -LRB- 12/24/05 - And Dream Theater 's `` Ytse Jam '' has it , too . Have n't listened to WDDU for awhile , so I smacked my head in remembered memory when this came on . -RRB- I 've only played this all the way through a few times prior to writing this review . I 'll keep it my player for a little longer so the songs can sink in a bit more ; but I do n't see myself sitting through this the whole way much more than that when there 's plenty else out there . If you really miss the sound of older Yngwie , hunt yourself down a copy of Yngwie 's The Genesis -LRB- which you can get for about fifteen bucks at guitar9 dot com . -RRB- Now THAT has some fire to it . Horrible vocals , but there 's no comparison between the energy of Yngwie in that era versus the complacency of Yngwie in this one . Also , you 'll hear the origin of lots of musical phrasing Yngwie used on his first several albums . Or else , and I 'm about to commit the equivalent of blasphemy and heresy in the Church of Malmsteen , if you 're looking for a more recent album that sounds like old Yngwie , try Joe Stump 's Supersonic Shred Machine . That album 's one-two punch of `` Demon 's Eye '' and `` Wrecking Machine '' are more exciting than Yngwie 's recent efforts . Go ahead . Excommunicate me . Say what you want , but at least I still believe in Yngwie enough to keep buying his albums.Unleash the Fury is a good companion piece to his previous Attack !! album . By that I mean if you were satisfied with one , you 'll feel the same about the other . That 's neither intended as a compliment nor a criticism . It 's just that the two sound very similar in terms of production and song quality . Take it for what it is.I know the dyed-in-the-wool Yngwie fans are going to continue to rave about Unleash the Fury , but as for me , I 'm putting Dragonforce 's Sonic Firestorm on again . -LRB- Man , that album RIPS ! Get it , get it , get it . -RRB- Unleash the Fury , which would be a worthy achievement for many players , is a collection of singles and -LRB- a few -RRB- doubles from a power player who should be swinging for the fences .
 Have you ever tried to like a recording but finally have to just give up and admit you do n't ? It 's hard to put my finger on exactly what I do n't like
 Daniel O'Donnell should stick to the Irish songs and country western songs he does quite well . He does a poor job on most of the songs on this CD and does not have the vocal range to sing the songs like they were originally recorded and the way we remember them .
 Every rock & roll song out there was based on an emotion . The song writing on this cd is terrible . When I saw a rating of 4.5 stars on this recording it made me laugh ! Obviously all these reviews are from friends and family of the band . Please do n't believe it !
 One of the least imaginative blues CDs I 'd heard in a long long time . And from one of the alleged blues harp `` masters . '' Please . If you 're looking for great harp , stick with Carey Bell , Kim Wilson , Rod Piazza , Charlie Musselwhite , Sugar Blue , Paul de Lay or James Harman . Billy lives in Chicago and seemingly has hogged up the lion 's share of studio work there over the past decade or more . For the life of me , I do n't know why that is . Connections , I suppose . At any rate , maybe his other efforts are more vital but this one is to Chicago blues harp CDs what frozen pizza is to Chicago deep-dish pie .
 As is usually the case , I find myself in general agreement with Madamemusico . I am a little more favorably impressed with this recording 's Robert Merrill and the Robert Shaw Chorale than she is -- a relatively small variance.Nevertheless , I give this set a miserly one star to her five . The reason is quite simple
 Have you ever tried to like a recording but finally have to just give up and admit you do n't ? It 's hard to put my finger on exactly what I do n't like
 The people that reviewed this single are totally wrong . The original version -LRB- by the La 's -RRB- is a hundred times better .
 When the La 's released `` There She Goes , '' the released a timeless , underrated classic . Sixpence None The Richer try to duplicate the greatness of the original , but fail . Their cover sounds bland and uninteresting although they try to make it a little different by switching the key a little . However , it just does n't work . Get the original by the La 's instead . Nice try .
 The first time I heard this I wanted to kick my TV screen in . Apparently , Sixpence think so highly of this song they 're willing to sell it to the hucksters for commercial use . I 'm with the LA 's fans , get their version which is on a great album . I hope this trend does n't get out of hand -- mediocre bands selling cover versions of great songs to ad agencies . Thank goodness for the Neil Young 's of the world who will never sell out .
 The majority of reviewers on this board contend that this rubbish cover of The La 's immortal single `` There She Goes '' -LRB- absolutely the best record of the past 15 years -RRB- is superior to the original , which is akin to saying that Oasis are a better pure pop band than The Beatles . Firstly , Sixpence None The Richer -LRB- a Christian band -RRB- do n't seem to understand that Lee Mavers ' classic , chiming tune is actually about heroin addiction ! Secondly , the reviewers here who keep mumbling about this song 's debt to The Velvet Underground do n't understand that Mavers was far more talented than Lou Reed could ever hope to be -LRB- I abhor '' ... & Nico , '' easily the most overrated album of all-time -RRB- . Simply , the fact that the Liverpudlian genius 's signature tune has been turned into a MTV tween hit is an atrocity .
 This is the worst cover of one of the best pop songs of 1990 's , buy the original version by the La 's .
 The La 's produced an absolute classic in ` There She Goes ' but this is absolutely atrocious record . Whilst the original was played with a proper feeling and drive this is sung out of tune , poorly performed and really sounds awful . ` Kiss Me ' is an awful record too . My advice , Buy the La 's version but avoid this totally !!
 `` There She Goes '' , and `` Kiss Me '' are terrible songs.They should be played in a restaurant bathroom , not on the radio.DONT BUY THIS S ** T !
 This album stinks ! It 's a great example of bad music ! You like bad music ? Then buy it !
 Toots Thielemans should not be allowed to perform if he persists on playing harmonica . Harmonica is one of the worst instruments ever created . Not only is it annoying , but it ruins the music.The band is great . I love Oscar Peterson , but you could n't hear him or the rest of the band over Toots ' annoying harmonica playing . I did n't know Toots was going to be playing the whole concert . One of the worst albums I ever heard thanks to Toots .
 I ahve purchased and rented many concert videos and DVDs over the years , and found the production values to be amateurish , at best.The photography on the concert itself was dark and drab , nowhere near the quality of Jars of Clay 's music videos . This was a modern recording , so why is it only in 224kbps 2.0 stereo ? What about a PCM or Dolby Digital 5.1 mix ? The 2.0 stereo sounded almost as if it was really 2.0 mono . `` ten : thirty '' was boring . A collection of home movies shot during recording with the band doing mostly nothing , edited with short commments by the band members.Also , could n't they have included some music videos from `` The Eleventh Hour '' as bonus material.If `` Jars Of Clay '' is reading this review , they might want to consider hiring an experienced crew to film , edit , and mix the concert , and an experienced DVD author for better navigation .
 After firing Ross Valory and Steve Smith , Steve Perry produced what essentially sounded like a Steve Perry solo album . If you love 80s cheesy synths and robotic percussion then this is for you . If however , you were a fan from the pre-Perry days , this represented the complete demise of the original spirit of the band . Although this record leans toward R&B , Perry , stadium rock god that he was , was no Sam Cooke and the music lacks authenticity . `` Be Good to Yourself '' reminds of past glories , but `` Suzanne '' is painful and plastic .
 After firing Ross Valory and Steve Smith , Steve Perry produced what essentially sounded like a Steve Perry solo album . If you love 80s cheesy synths and robotic percussion then this is for you . If however , you were a fan from the pre-Perry days , this represented the complete demise of the original spirit of the band . Although this record leans toward R&B , Perry -LRB- stadium rock god that he was -RRB- was no Sam Cooke and the music lacks authenticity . `` Be Good to Yourself '' reminds of past glories , but `` Suzanne '' is painful and plastic .
 Raised on Radio is a disastrous album . Apparently , Steve Perry wanted to take the band in a new direction , so he fired bassist Ross Valory , while drummer Steve Smith walked out -LRB- or might have been fired as well ; I 'm not certain -RRB- . Ultimately , Valory and Smith were replaced with session musicians , including future American Idol judge Randy Jackson . What resulted from this `` new direction '' was an absolutely faceless '80s pop record that sounded nothing like Journey . The singles `` I 'll Be Alright Without You , '' `` Girl Ca n't Help It , '' and `` Be Good To Yourself '' are mediocre , while the rest of the album is completely forgettable , by-the-numbers soft rock . `` Positive Touch , '' with its insipid harmonies and saxophone track , sounds like a bad Hall & Oates cover . `` Raised on Radio '' itself is the only rocker here , but even it is mindlessly insubstantial . Journey deserves some credit for changing their sound . Unfortunately , this is a digression , not an update . Raised on Radio is one experiment that did not pay off . 2 Stars .
 I am blown away at the lack on taste on most of the reviewers here . Only a few of you seem to realize this is a cheesy sappy totally commercial album . I mean this album does have a few and i mean a few guilty pleasure songs but for the most part this album is faceless poorly written pop i never cared much for Steve Perry 's over the top singing . I can take him in small doeses i realize he does have a good voice but it isnt the kind of voice you can listen to all day long he isnt like a Paul Rodgers or Lou Gramm or Elton John . The best Journey album with Steve Perry has to be his first with the band Infinity-1978 after that the albums started getting worse and worse and far to commerical . Now this isnt my opinion this is exactly what happened i mean there are people out there that actually believe that Escape-1981 is Journey 's best album lol thats actually funny . Now there is nothing wrong with some good 80 's pop music i like it to dont get me wrong but for the most part this is Journey 's worst album right next to Trial By Fire . Im sure that some of the mindless masses that love this album think Trial By Fire is great right along side Chicago-17 . Skip This One Please better yet get Journey 's first album 1975 to hear a real band
 The people that reviewed this single are totally wrong . The original version -LRB- by the La 's -RRB- is a hundred times better .
 When the La 's released `` There She Goes , '' the released a timeless , underrated classic . Sixpence None The Richer try to duplicate the greatness of the original , but fail . Their cover sounds bland and uninteresting although they try to make it a little different by switching the key a little . However , it just does n't work . Get the original by the La 's instead . Nice try .
 The first time I heard this I wanted to kick my TV screen in . Apparently , Sixpence think so highly of this song they 're willing to sell it to the hucksters for commercial use . I 'm with the LA 's fans , get their version which is on a great album . I hope this trend does n't get out of hand -- mediocre bands selling cover versions of great songs to ad agencies . Thank goodness for the Neil Young 's of the world who will never sell out .
 The majority of reviewers on this board contend that this rubbish cover of The La 's immortal single `` There She Goes '' -LRB- absolutely the best record of the past 15 years -RRB- is superior to the original , which is akin to saying that Oasis are a better pure pop band than The Beatles . Firstly , Sixpence None The Richer -LRB- a Christian band -RRB- do n't seem to understand that Lee Mavers ' classic , chiming tune is actually about heroin addiction ! Secondly , the reviewers here who keep mumbling about this song 's debt to The Velvet Underground do n't understand that Mavers was far more talented than Lou Reed could ever hope to be -LRB- I abhor '' ... & Nico , '' easily the most overrated album of all-time -RRB- . Simply , the fact that the Liverpudlian genius 's signature tune has been turned into a MTV tween hit is an atrocity .
 This is the worst cover of one of the best pop songs of 1990 's , buy the original version by the La 's .
 The La 's produced an absolute classic in ` There She Goes ' but this is absolutely atrocious record . Whilst the original was played with a proper feeling and drive this is sung out of tune , poorly performed and really sounds awful . ` Kiss Me ' is an awful record too . My advice , Buy the La 's version but avoid this totally !!
 `` There She Goes '' , and `` Kiss Me '' are terrible songs.They should be played in a restaurant bathroom , not on the radio.DONT BUY THIS S ** T !
 This album stinks ! It 's a great example of bad music ! You like bad music ? Then buy it !
 Electronica , let alone music , is an art , requiring time , patience , technique , and talent . But Carolmasters appear to believe otherwise . They seem to think that a combination of irritating , nasal whining and awful toy-tinkering is worth the time and money of us listeners . Please , Carolmasters , leave the making of music to those who actually hear their own music before putting it before an audience .
 A warning for the wise
 What a disappointment . I think the sound effects may have been recorded with a microphone . Some of the tracks are so low that you ca n't hear them at all -LRB- yes , my computer 's volume is cranked all the way up -RRB- . It actually sounds like they took some recordings from other sound-effects CDs -- not sure who stole from who , but it does say they 're copyright-free !
 I made the mistake buying this album after listening to `` Never Seen Before '' off the Def Jam 's How to Be a Player Soundtrack . Never have I heard such repetitive beats . And the lyrics ? Check it
 I listened to All EPMD albums and it is clear that this album was thrown together just to clear their contract obligations to make 2 more albums . It 's that bad . One a couple of track are worth listening to and those are played on the radio.I know i gave it one star but that is because i ca n't give them any less . EPMD are WAY better than this . do n't waste your money.Aaron J. Creagh
 Please-some one needs to teach the `` rappers '' how to rap . They say nothing in the whole CD that makes sense or is worth listening to . Beats are alright . Bottem line - do n't do what I did , save your $ 13 .
 Finally , the Dante project of Edgar Froese has come to an end . Paradiso is the final set of disks to this project and I would not call it a Tangerine Dream album . It is an Edgar Froese album , pure and simple . Jerome is not on the disk and he is SORELY missing . This album lasts an eternity and rarely has any spark , fire , or energetic emotion . I can see why Jerome wanted no part to this debacle . He did not appear at any of the performances of Paradiso.There are a couple of good tracks on Paradiso but the incredible lenghth of this album -LRB- 2 + hours ! -RRB- will mean that it hardly ever gets listened to.The synths that are so characteristic of Tangerine Dream are virtually absent as there is an orchestra that are the main performers . I really would not have guess that this was Tangerine Dream had I not known in advance.Hopefully , they can recover from this and regroup with Jerome to produce something better .
 Few people realize Bobby Byrd `` recruited '' James Brown to join Byrd 's group , The Flames -LRB- later renamed the Famous Flames -RRB- . When they finally became a hit it was due to James Brown and when the record company wanted to change the name to James Brown and The Famous Flames , Bobby and the rest of the group quit . Brown hired new `` Flames '' and went on to become a legend in his own time . Bobby would return off and on over the years as a companion singer to Brown , a job he excelled at since his and Brown 's voices complimented each other . Occasionally Bobby sang on his own , and this album represents Bobby 's attempts to make a career of his own . Unfortunately , Byrd never had the capabilities to be a lead singer or make a career on his own . He simply did n't have the talent and this album is more than enough proof . By the end of the last track you do n't find that you 've just experienced an hour 's entertainment . Instead you 're just glad it 's over because the album is so unbearably bad . Sorry Bobby , you may have soul but you do n't have the right sound
 The worst record I have heard this year . The guy I bought it from sold it because he could n't stand it . Even the Princeton Record Exchange wo n't take it.It 's not even well-recorded . Or interesting ... even though it seems like it should be , what with Richard Stoltzman 's clarinet interacting with percussion and all .
 i love it , and well , this CD as import from Mexico , this is the Mexican edition , and well is amazing ! . i have it ! .
 And I truly would understand this disposition if it were cemented in talent , but I mean come on . O.k. you 're aesthetically `` aloof '' , but aloof and engaging are too separate things , stupid.So you 've thumbed your nose at society , you 've thumbed your nose at `` accessibility '' , but you 've got neither the wit nor the talent to justify your `` inaccessiblity '' . Maybe it 's time you thumb your nose at yourself and call it a day . I 'm sure Will Oldham would appreciate having a larger footing in the aging-hipster douc * e bag domain .
 Never received item just a refund with no explanation.R.I.P . Danny Gans you will be missed
 If his show is any indication of what 's on this CD , I am not interested . His Vegas show is a glorified lounge act that 's okay , not spectacular . While his imitations of Sammy Davis Jr. , Nat King Cole , and Rod Stewart were very good , they were only 3 in a litany of more than 25 voices he attempted to do - most sounded the same , and nothing like the original . Why am I griping ? $ 100 to see this would have been much better spent on 5 rides on the Stratosphere coaster . Sorry , no fan here .
 I received my cd of alan jackson and it does n't work . Tried to play in several cd players did n't work in any of them .
 this is a dvd , thought I could listen in my car . how can i return
 I NEVER RECIEVED MY ITEM . NO CONTACT WATSOEVER FROM SELLER THAT ITEM WAS UNAVAILABLE OR ANYTHING . I CONTACTED THEM ONCE BY E-MAIL AND RECEIVED NO RESPONSE . WILL NEVER USE THIS SELLER AGAIN . BEWARE
 You sent me a blank disc . Nothing on it . That 's the end of ordering from Amazon . It 's rated one star just to get this stupid review filed with Amazon .
 It was not what I thought it would be , I wanted something more geared towards meditation . this did not do it for me .
 Shanti which means peace is a beautiful word , unfortunately Ms Khalsa 's CD does not induce that feeling . For people out there who like sikh hymns I would recommed any other recording by one of the ` bhaijis ' these are the singers who perform at a sikh temple and they will realize the difference . The Cd cover is good but unfortunately that is where I would stop .
 the description is interesting , but nowhere to find a listening sample . wont buy a cat in a box ! more customer service please !
 The thought that came to mind as I listened to this album was that this is music to which one might suicide or have a drug overdose . Ms. Kaur 's voice and instrumentation is monotonous and irritating . If you have tin ears , have had a lobotomy , or are seeking to have one , the voice of Ms. Kaur may give it to you for the price of her album . Ms. Kaur 's westernized `` inventive melodies and instrumentation '' are a definite impediment to any value gained from this sacred composition .
 Never received item just a refund with no explanation.R.I.P . Danny Gans you will be missed
 If his show is any indication of what 's on this CD , I am not interested . His Vegas show is a glorified lounge act that 's okay , not spectacular . While his imitations of Sammy Davis Jr. , Nat King Cole , and Rod Stewart were very good , they were only 3 in a litany of more than 25 voices he attempted to do - most sounded the same , and nothing like the original . Why am I griping ? $ 100 to see this would have been much better spent on 5 rides on the Stratosphere coaster . Sorry , no fan here .
 Petra , through the 70s and 80s , were always able to stay musically current and relevant , riding the wave of that era 's musical trends . They stumbled badly when the decade of the 90s rolled around . In my mind , their last classic album was Beyond Belief , and though every album since has had its high points , none has been consistently great . Now comes Double Take , an album that tries to change their big arena rock sound into an acoustic , 90 's vibe . For the most part , it does n't work , and , at times , is even painful to listen to . Unfortunately , it sounds like Petra is determined to reinvent itself for each subsequent generation . After two decades of success , their chameleon act has run out of magic .
 After hearing this CD I 've decided I 'm probably not going to be in a hurry to buy any more music from them . They 've really gotten bad . And what 's with all this weird western sounding junk in the background ? Their older stuff was good . I 'm an 80 's Petra fan .
 Judas kiss and dance are okay buta the rest of the songs stink . Petra Praise 2 was better . Ok im gon na go now i fell so stupid .
 If you like the trendy Jars of Clay music , which is dragging every other artist in Christian music into a deep pit of boring ballads for the next 20 or 30 years , buy this album . If you are concerned about the fact that Petra 's ministry has lost many fans over the past 2 years , email me at socko130@hotmail.comNow that i 've let that out , I 'm gon na pop in some of the old stuff . If you are mad at me , sorry . I just noticed that Petra is really weak right now . They have n't been on WOW for a few years either .
 It 's hard to believe that a band can continually adapt successfully to change , produce an album as strong as `` God Fixation '' and then seemingly spoil much of their own classic material by removing the catchy bits and immediate impact of the songs.Yet on paper this has huge potential . Songs like `` Just Reach Out '' and `` Beyond Belief '' have achieved the impossible , having retained their powerful hooks and moved on in terms of power , arrangements and `` atmosphere ; '' John Schlitt CAN still compete with the best in terms of vocals!Unfortunately he can also at times spoil the album . `` The Coloring Song '' was a major radio hit first time . Second time round , it has lost its sensitivity and feel , being reduced to almost parody levels . It gets screamed out like a power ballad from `` This Means War , '' which just does n't work with an acoustic production!Combine this with the fact that classic songs like `` Judas Kiss , '' `` Creed , '' `` Dance , '' and `` Beat the System '' have somehow left their original strong melodies behind in the production room , and the result is an album which adds up to less than the sum of its parts.Never mind - lets hope Petra can bounce back as they have done before !
 Since No Doubt -LRB- our music wimped out -RRB- , Praise 2 , God Fixation , and now Double Take , this band gets worse and worse every new release and sounds more like teeny-bop rock -LRB- i.e. Christianized Hanson -RRB- than the creative powerhouse they were in the eighties . I agree with one reviewer `` Petra is out of Gas '' . It 's time to hang it up and let Burlap to Cashmere and Jennifer Knapp usher in the new CCM revolution .
 I think petra has stunk since Greg X. Volz left ...
 I 'd like to thank Schlitt for proving Greg X.Volz took all the talent with him when he left the band . ` Petra ' if you can even still call them that , have been reduced to a money-grabbing , commercial machine that would sing Marilyn Manson songs if they thought the public would buy it . This albumn is a gutless , shamefull , talentless , waste of time and energy that fails miserably . Schlitt ought to be fired and ashamed . NEWS FLASH JOHN
 It 's one thing to go back and remake a song to improve it . But why take out a bunch of really awesome songs and try to see how far you can mutate them just for the fun of it , while destroying several good songs in the process -LRB- thank goodness I have the good versions on other albums -RRB- . This album makes me wonder if the band has come to the end of their creative road and are simply fishing the bottom of the barrel to try to come up with something they can release just to get the label off their backs or to make a buck . I have loved Petra for two decades , but this , as far as I 'm concerned , is not Petra .
 When I looked in the jacket of this CD , I had to laugh . They wrote inside who originally wrote these classics . Unfortunately , these new versions barely sound anything like the originals . Concert anthems like `` Creed '' , `` Beyond Belief '' , and `` This Means War '' have been cut down in this album to pathetic ballads . Never in this album did I hear a HINT of a rock guitar , but I heard plenty of strings . I recommend the following to whoever made this album
 I signed up for a music club and unfortunately did not get to review this album before I purchased it . I just assumed it was a type of greatest hits album . It is FAR from `` greatest '' and I am so disappointed , we do n't even listen to it . I wanted an album with the `` old '' mixes as a `` take me back '' . This just ticked me off . Sorry , PETRA , this CD should crawl back under the rock .
 Please . I 've liked everything Petra has put out but this . Melancholy . A surreal but dull remake of otherwise good stuff . Unless this thing really grows on me it might make a good coaster for a coffee mug .
 I think they blew it here . I love petra , and I 've been tryting to find a copy of war & remembrance -LRB- not easy to find -RRB- But when I bought this one I was horribly dissapointed . `` This means War '' sounded horrible . It just was n't the same without the heady beat . Come on , this is a classic ROCK band . Not some sissy ballad composers . Where 's those awesome beats that made me want to dance ? It just did n't cut it , you 're better of with Petra Praise 2 or `` Petraphonics '' .
 I was hoping for a comeback from the lame God Fixation and PP2 , but instead I got more -LRB- -RRB- out of this CD . It is sad to see howdesperate Petra can get just to get on the radio
 Could of sworn the word Petra means `` the rock '' and that 10 years ago Petra actually played `` rock '' guitars . This band 's ministry has been around for like 27 years , so its time for them to become a legend and give it up . Putting out crappy albums like this one and refreshing old fossils with new fresh band members is not going to make Petra a legend . Ten years from now people will say `` oh Petra , they were an excellent rock band '' if they quit now . They 'll say `` Oh , Petra , that annoying pathetic string-driven band that does n't know when to give it up and let people enjoy their past albums '' if they do n't quit . 5 stars = classic . 4 stars = very good 3 = good 2 = fair 1 = poorSome of you need to check this album again . It definetly is n't a classic .
 I was very eager to buy this album but a friend of mine told me not to . I said to him
 The only song that was half good was Judas ' Kiss , and it ai n't even the same melody . None of the songs are anywhere near the caliber of the originals .
 Goodbye Petra . I enjoyed all of your music before GOD FIXATION . You were my favorite band . Now you 're not even a band .
 I 've always loved Petra , I 've gone through many changes with them , and continued to love them . This new album is a step in the wrong direction in my opinion . I want so bad to find something to like in it , but there 's nothing there . `` Dance '' was the only song that I found even somewhat acceptable , but it still pales in comparison to the hard-rocking original . This one goes to the very bottom of my Petra collection , maybe if I ignore it , it will go away . Go with `` God Fixation , '' if you want an example of the Petra that I still love .
 My husband of nearly 11 years has loved Petra since before I knew him - collecting albums , going to concerts , playing his cassettes until they were worn out , etc. . This album he THREW IN THE TRASH !!! The songs chosen for this album are Petra classics , yet they ruined them in our opinion . The remade versions change the style of the music so you can hardly tell it is Petra . If you love the original songs , you will likely not like these versions . My suggestion
 ok , so I 'm not 13 , sue me.I ca n't believe what they 've done to these songs ! Beyond Belief sounds horrible , and Dance is far too contemporary!Ugh , I 'm glad I did n't buy this cd .
 This album astounds me . What possible motivation could Petra -LRB- or maybe just Bob ? -RRB- have had to record this ? Here 's a message to the guys in the band from a long -LRB- and I mean long -RRB- time fan
 I bought this album when i was converting from tape to cd and could not find This Means War , or Beyond Belief on cd . This one had the songs on it that I was looking for but the original versions compaired to the new versions is like some one took a Metallica song and had the Back Street Boys sing it accapella
 It 's what Sofia Coppola did for THE GODFATHER PART III.It 's what Ewoks did for RETURN OF THE JEDI.It 's what mascara does for Jan Crouch.It 's what `` MS Works '' does for Microsoft.Well , that 's what DOUBLE TAKE did for Petra . It may be the very worst album in contemporary Christian music history . This rehashing -LRB- murdering or butchering may be more accurate -RRB- of the classics from Petra 's golden years -LRB- i.e. Volz -RRB- was just too much to take . It begins by destroying the immortal `` The Coloring Song '' and moves on from there to kill , maim , and destroy the classic rocker `` Judas ' Kiss '' . Not since the Imperials , has there been such a strong need to call it quits . Petra has had at least three lead singers -LRB- Rob Frazier , Greg X. Volz , and John Schlitt - I do n't even know if he 's still with them -RRB- ; long-time guitarist and songwriter Bob Hartman has retired -LRB- the last of the original members -RRB- ; and they have changed their `` sound '' multiple times within the last decade alone . As far as musical quality is concerned , is there anything left of the Petra that brought us MORE POWER TO YA or NOT OF THIS WORLD ? How about even THIS MEANS WAR , UNSEEN POWER , or NO DOUBT ? If a person from 1990 were to hear Petra today , would he/she recognize them as Petra?I 'm not trying to be mean in this review . But what would you think about a major league baseball pitcher who was past his prime and yet kept on pitching just because he was one of the founding members of his team ? Or a basketball player who was the best there ever was but kept on playing even though he was getting worse and worse every season ? Would n't these guys hurt their team to keep on ? Unfortunately , in the world of music , great bands have never been able to retire gracefully .
 The trouble with recent Petra albums is trying to decide who they are by . Is it John Schlitt or is it Peta , and if the latter then who is in the band this week . Mr Schlitt seems to have taken on the mantle of destroying whatever was left of the intergrity of this once great band . This album is dire . No more , no less . With insipid and lifeless versions of previous Peta classics , it is an example of down far downhill they have gone wince the glory days of Unseen Power et al.With the recent ` firing ' of their long serving drummer for no aparant reason , I 'm afraid that the writing is on the wall . A sad epitaph . This album says it all really .
 HE CAME , HE SAW -LRB- HE CONQUERED -RRB- 's new chorus is terrible . And that 's just one of the many things that are wrong with this album . If you do n't buy this album , do n't wonder whether you made the right choice . YOU DID .
 Just like GOD FIXATION , this album came and passed . It was on Bilboard Christian Charts for like one week , and now its gone , and so is Petra . Bye , Petra . I guess we should all listen to their old stuff , because that 's all that is left of them . THIS ALBUM SERIOUSLY SUCKS !
 These guys have been around for way too long ! I understand the need for this world to have strong ministry but lets face it . I grew up listening to Petra when I was 12 years old . Petra 's third album Never Say Die had just came out and I was totally hooked on bands like Journey , Styx and Van Halen . When I heard Never Say Die I was completely enthralled . What a great album ! That was only the beginning ! Soon after , more classic albums would come-More Power to Ya -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , Not of this World , Beat the System , Back to the Street , This Means War ! , Beyond Belief and Unseen Power . All of these albums define a band that has inspired a generation of christians who happen to be musicians with a calling to innovate the christian music industry continuously . Could you imagine if Petra never existed ? Not at all ! Petra was the conduit of all commercialized christian rock in the 80 's and 90 's . I think it 's their time to step off the pulpit and hand the batton to the Newsboys and Jars of Clay . Cheers .
 Bob Marley was the King . If you want to hear his music listen to his music ... by him . These people have talent but do n't need to show it doing bad versions of Bob 's songs . Go get the real thing ... If you got it all then listen to some new original music by `` Onyan Art '' ... ` Hurricane is coming ' .
 Now I 'm a HUUUGE Bob Marley fan , and I have all his works . I 'm also Jamaican and have a deep undertsanding and appreciation of Bob . I wished this release had only included Bob 's family , his children , The I threes 's , and the other Jamaican singers like Jimmy Cliff etc. . Because it angers me that people like lauren hill starts associating her self with Bob 's legacy , of which she has no part.Well of course Ziggy , and the rest of the Marley clan being as gracious as they are will not say anything . lauren hill can go find another famous roots celebrity to jock-ride . Go away . we dont like you ! Go do your little poetry thing over in ny . Go find a different artist to jock ride.For that reason i 'm giving this release 2 stars . Bob , Ziggy , Rita , Judy , Marcia and the rest of the Marley clan and Jimmy Cliff and the Jamaican singers all gets 5 stars however.Too bad hill had to force herself up into this production . it leaves one with a sour taste in their mouth .
 I have just listened to SHANGRI-LA DEE DA and after the first listen I am very disappointed . The 13 tracks kinda sound the same and the production is poor . The songs are soft with no catchy riffs , the vocals are weak and the same throughout the disc , and the songs feel like they were hurried and not given the proper time to develop . Of the the 3 `` rockers '' Dumb Love is the only one that even begins to come close to the STP of old . If you are a rock fan like I am and want a great record like CORE dont get this cd but if you are into the more POP sounding music this is an ok disc . It does have some high points but it could have been better so it earns 2 stars at its best
 But it is quite imperfect . The tunes are blues-driven and okay , but rarely -LRB- except in Coma -RRB- are they inspired . So Stp make up for this the delivery right ? Well , yes , the instrumentation is generally of a high quality , but there are still some awkward moments . I was cringeing as guitarwork at the end of the not-so-great Transmission from a loneely Room slowly faded out -LRB- and I hate fade-outs -RRB- , only to hear it fade back in seconds later and finish later even more lamely . Geez . I like long metal songs , but Stp 's bonking songs are just repetitive and exhausting , even if they are working with good material . Lyrically shangri is often excellent , sometimes even quotable -LRB- you know , `` looking California , feeling Minnesota '' -RRB- . The change of pace towards the end of WOnderful is brilliant , Too Cool Queenie is epic and monstrous , Holywood and Days of the Week are great too . Enjoyable , but not a great step forward for mankind
 On the special edition of `` Thank You '' I enjoyed the music clips that were played over the DVD menus . I found out that the music came from this album so I gave it a listen and I 'm none to happy to report that Stone Temple Pilots fans wo n't like this album . `` Days of the Week '' is alright . It 's a catchy song and it gets you pumped for another album by them but the rest of the album is terrible . The music clips which I refered to are just the introductions to the songs which change after the first seven seconds into empty , yet overblown songs which do n't have any replay value.Then , there 's a syrupy ballad in the mix too which makes me lose a bit of respect for Scott Weiland and co. seeing as how it does n't belong at all . I know Scott Weiland was going through a lot of stuff but c'mon , nobody wants to hear a ballad at that level.I definitely learned my lesson and that 's simply that Stone Temple Pilots fans should avoid this .
 I listened to this one after i have listened to no. 4I was extremely dissapointed ... this album gives you the sense of taking you somewhere but never does ... it falls flat!This album is the complete opposite of no. 4It sucks !
 Save your cash . They are ghosts of their former selves on this album . I hope they make major improvements before their next . I would , however highly recommend any of their other records .
 This albumn is a far distant relative from the Core albumn . I am not as impressed whith where STP has gone but more where they started . I will always rate Core as # 1 .
 Every few years or so , as Stone temple pilots prepare for the grand unveiling of their latest opus , everyone gets re-inundated with their promises of the old grunge gods breaking free from their self-imposed confines for a grand `` return to form , '' and told that , `` No , really , this time they 've proven themselves as something more than a just the band that launched a thousand Candleboxes . '' Yet , while Weiland and the guys have outlasted virtually all of their grunge contemporaries , they 've hardly ever strayed from the classicist approach that brought them into the rock world back in ' 92 . SLDD their 5th and most recent album , perpetuates the notion that stp is a tremendous rock band , despite their catalog 's evidence to the contrary . Like communism , the pilots ' are as good as it gets in theory , but it never quite seems to work out in practice
 SLDD is so packed with messes that it defeats the whole purpose of listening to it or buyiing it . And yes people , folks , this is exactly what being a shadow of your former self means . If you 've read around that anything stp continues to put out is always being compared to Core , it 's simple
 This is a pointless gimmick . Everything included isnt worth it .
 The deleos went from being a band that could not right bad songs to writing an album filled with horrible songs . You want good pilots ' albums ? BUY THE anything BUT this ! They are well worth it . As for this exercise in tedium for that matter , do n't waste your money.Here is why : Core provided strong melodic content with 60s style harmonies and unbelievably catchy guitar licks . Any album that catches you singing along to EVERY song is a good album in my book.Tiny Music was a much darker album in comparison to blue album , but in my opinion it is just as melodic and catchy as blue . This album takes time to listen to but after giving the songs a chance you notice the excellent dynamics of the songs , the fitting lyrics and the overall feel that comes out of the album as a whole.Shangri-LaDeeDa provides absolutely NONE of the above . All the songs have very BASIC melodies that get boring after one listen and there are no 60 's style harmonies -LRB- rarely any harmonization at all -RRB- . All songs have the same basic formula as well as the same sound in overly compressed guitar distortion losing much of the crunch it had in Purple 's album . The lyrics are lame , end of story . And this album does not grow on you ... it just gets duller by the minute , ESPECIALLY with the solos copying the already basic vocal melody line.Hopefully you will not by this and better yet , you will send a letter to Scott Weiland , Eric Kretz , and Dean and Dick Deleo telling them to write songs the way they used to pre-Green era .
 I 'm struggling to figure out which album the rest of the people have listened to ? I read the `` critics '' reviews and expected some cool , trippy , mellow songs and some rock songs ... I even heard reference to Bossa Nova music ? I totally did n't hear that . Maybe I 'm a throwback looking for something in particular but I loved all the other albums . I have to listen to it a bunch more times ... but if you 're looking for instant gratification , this album wo n't deliver . Maybe that 's a good thing ?
 What a mistake it was to buy this CD . This is one of those CD 's that has 1 or 2 good songs on it . I was expecting the usual STP hard rock that made them famous , instead this CD is 90 % `` STP does Pop music '' . I wish I could take it back to the store ... If you like Pop music , you may like this CD . If not , do n't buy it ...
 STP has went down hill in the past few years . The first three albums are their best . The last two were decent with some good songs .
 I ca n't give this album one star because it is n't hideous ... but its not good either . No wonder they broke up after this `` effort . '' Bland , disjointed , and not at all in their character , this STP finale was a huge disappointment for me.Their pinnacle was 1994 's `` Purple '' -LRB- album number two -RRB- followed by `` Tiny Music ... '' then `` Core . '' `` No. 4 '' was n't bad but hardly up to the first three they did.As for this stinker , as much as I love this band , I have to say
 ... However ... I anxiously awaited `` Shangri '' , bought it the day it was released , and an hour later had a great little coaster for my table -LRB- the CD was subsequently broken in a game of Trash Frisbee -RRB- . The songs were so trite and repetitive that any positive aspects of them were lost to redundancy . After listening to it , I would have rather sat on Satan 's lap in Hell than be subjected to such a horrible display of otherwise talented individuals attempting to all of a sudden be happy-go-lucky pansies . I mean , how do you go from `` No . Four '' , in which the speaker is confronted with his own sins and shortcomings on Judgment Day , to `` Hello It 's Late '' , which is just an unoriginal rehash of `` Amazing Grace '' -LRB- I mean , Amazing Grace is a classic song , performed by everyone from Johnny Cash to Dropkick Murphys , but come on ... -RRB- . The rest of the album is equally empty and suicide-inducing to most serious music fans . Do n't waste your time , money , or mental well-being .
 As a big fan of rock ... I pulled this CD from a friend to see if it was worth it or not . Despite it does have the rock edge I do love , I feel the CD is very ecletic from the grinding guitars in `` Dumb Love '' to the passion in `` Wonderful '' to the gloom of `` Long way Home '' . However , sometimes too much ecleticism can be a bad thing and it seems to plague this album . `` Black Again '' seems too prissy for Stone temple Pilots and `` Too Cool Queenie '' seems to follow a similar drifting path as well . A major disappointment to me was that some of the songs had excellent lyrics while the others just whined along and seemed thrown together just to fill the album . For a 5th album , it 's a scandalously questionable start but I 'm anxious to see where they go from here ... hopefully , the next album gives a little more depth but it 's a fearsome listen .
 As a diehard stp fan , I must admit that this album should have never been released , or even recorded . This is the worst music that stp could have written , though one and the only bright spot on the cd is the opener Dumd Love . And no they will never make another Core or Purple but they have the talent to write songs that are not a disgrace to the fans such as Shangri-La .
 While it is a solid debut , ladeeda is not as engaging as Core . S.T.P. plays solid , album metal cuts here . However , there are some memorable moments . The Deleo-penned `` Coma , '' which is one of S.T.P. 's greatest songs , and Scott 's `` Regeneration . '' The most prominent feature of this album is a young guitarist named Rob , whose arena-sized guitar punch owes much to Backstreet Boys , Evanesence , and others . There is less about drugs and gloom on this album , except for the closing track , the collectively-penned `` Long Way Home , '' which chronicles -LRB- in a somewhat humorous/pathetic way -RRB- the life story of a heroin addict -LRB- Weiland . -RRB-
 I am so sick of you 12 year olds writing about how much this kind of music rocks . This is 'N Sync with a guitar . Honest to God . It 's only 40 minutes long , jesus ! Some kid told me , when I confronted him about that , that `` well , lots of the beatles albums were only 30-40 minutes long '' well duh . back then they had VINYL . VINYL does n't hold much more than 40 minutes of music . What 's Linkin park 's excuse ? Oh that 's right , they are n't musicians , they 're deep fried pre-packaged music industry nonsense .
 It is a shameful day when one of the fine bands of the 90 's sells out to boy bands such as Backstreet Boys and Hanson . When I first purchased this album I was in complete confidence that this would provide many hours of enjoyment and in this confidence my friend was also excited about this find . The hardest thing I have ever had to do in my life was marriage , but this , this is a close second . As soon as we bought the album it went straight into the cd player . 30 seconds was all it took . 30 seconds per song , and it was done . There is no rocking on this album . My friend is still shell shocked from this horrid , grotesque , disgusting , hell I do n't know , whatever this garbage is , do n't buy it . You will be ashamed of yourself , and the fact that you were ever a fan in the first place .
 This album was fairly awful when I bought it . I ca n't claim to own it anymore , but I was just reading through a certain reviewers past reviews and I was shocked to see that she gave this a 5 and then gave Modest Mouse a 5 . A couple of Modest Mouse records are worthy of a 5 , but this record is definitely not . I bought this the day it came out and popped it into my car stereo which is the true test of whether or not an album is great . We played the album through and we felt fairly awful after the listen . It was a big let down that is was such a bad listen , but also that we wasted the car ride on this record and not Reign In Blood . All I can say is that I listened to it another couple times , but it gradually got worse as I noticed that there were even less hooks then I thought . Oh and do n't even think about listening to Amazon and their opinion that STP has any ESSENTIAL records . They just do n't at all . They may have good individual songs , but full albums ? That is nowhere near the truth . I like how STP gets an essential recording nod but bands like Joy Division and Sly and the Family Stone do not . Look elsewhere for hard rock .
 In terms of IMPACT , INFLUENCE and IMPORTANCE to the 1990s as compared to classic rock bands -LRB- though not musically similiar -RRB- this is how STP and the other artists of the 1990s stack up against 60s/70s band _________________________________________________________ The equivalent of 90 's artists to classic rock artistsPearl Jam = Led ZeppelinSoundgarden = Black SabbathRadiohead = Pink FloydAlice in Chains = the Doorsthe Smashing Pumpkins = the Beach BoysTool = The Velvet UndergroundNirvana = the Jimi Hendrix experience -LRB- in terms of impact , yea , although the guitar playing was obviously much different -RRB- And even though the White Stripes came later , the White Stripes would = the WhoAnd STP?Stone Temple Pilots = The Monkeesone star band . one star album . If you can skip the Monkees while searching for great 60 's music , you can skip STP while searching for great 90 's music .
 SW , after going to jail and releasing two sub-par records -LRB- NO4 and this one -RRB- , has so much nerve to marry and father two kids , when because of the commercial failure of both , is going to find it a challenge to support his out-of-control , multiplying-like-rabbits family . There are heavy reasons this coaster of a cd has n't even sold past gold status
 OK 1st off even though I only heard of Stp maybe 2 years ago , I think i 've listened to enough of their material to make a decision . When I first started i started off with their 1st cd , and worked my way to the latest ones . By far I prefer , without a doubt , the crunch and rawness of the first 2 cds , even though im twelve and totally new to this grunge thing . To me the last two albums have been not good enough to come close to their peak , with their first 2cds .
 Tool is the best band nowadays , for the one , sorely sensitive reason that stp are failures
 Okay lads , your lead singer happens to have one of the best voices ever to grace a recording studio , and the family connection are capable of writing EXCELLENT songs -LRB- this is not that common across the rock music board , otherwise we 'd all be stony broke ! -RRB- and you have FOUR brilliant albums behind you ; the previous -LRB- NO. 4 -RRB- album is hugely underrated in my opinion , I love every morsel ! -LRB- Mind you Tiny Music , Purple and Core have the same exquisite taste ... -RRB- SO !!! For the benefit of Mr. Kite and all the rest of us
 `` Shangri-La Dee Da '' marks most likely a new era in the world of STP . The bubblegum era.Lost is the edge that STP has always seemed to maintain in their music . Be it glam , opiated , or just straight up rock n roll , STP has always kept it real . The music has always magically complemented the voice of Scott Weiland , where , of course , lies the explanation of why this release is a dud.I , like all other fans , am happy that Scott is off the smack . I 'm happy that he is married with a new kid . Unfortunately , this is n't the same Scott Weiland that was a part of the previous four releases . His pain is gone for the time being . Perhaps his artistic edge has gone with it as well.True STP fans , or should I say , fans of the old STP , we have seen an era come and go . Let 's just hope Scott and Co. do n't ruin it too much .
 I do n't believe stp will ever live up to the standard core fanatics demand , but on this CD they barely manage a coherent standard at all . ` Hello , its late ' takes what I can only call an ` orchestral riff ' and repeats it for 11 minutes . ` days of the week ' is catchy and genuinely swings , but is undercut by offensively dull 2-minute long drum solos . Half of these tunes make no impact whatsoever , except to suggest weiland wants to be a singer in a garage punk band . stp , we do n't want you to be Johnny Rotten , we want frilly multi-instrument emotionally direct concise tunes . -LRB- Like what you did before this mess ' -RRB- I 'm always a fan , but this CD is a career-killer . Only ` Long way Home ' works well , and you can get that on the far better ` internet ' .
 Possibly the last album from Stone Temple Pilots , 2001 's `` Shangri-La Dee Da '' is undoubtadly the worst album from the band . Most of the tracks featured here either sound too poppy or too generic , and the lyrics -LRB- `` there 's so much God can teach you ... '' -RRB- are trite and uninspired . Scott Weiland 's voice sounds great though ; when this album was being recorded he was cleaned up -LRB- for a little while anyway -RRB- and his voice greatly benefited . As for the rest of the band though , I ca n't understand what happened to them here . `` Coma '' and `` Hollywood Bitch '' are standout tracks , but that 's about it . All in all , if your a new fan of STP , check out `` Core '' or the brilliant `` Purple '' before listening to this disappointment .
 Core -LRB- Stone Temple Pilots -RRB- first album is a terrible album and so is their last `` Sheeran Laa dee Da `` What a lame effort , their are about 2 or 3 decent tracks on this albumthe rest is throw away filler . `` Too Cool Queenie '' and `` Dumb Love '' -LRB- the first track -RRB- are the only stand out tracks.As for `` Days of the week '' being the well known single of the album , all I can sday is that is the worst song I have heard by the Stone Temple Pilots .
 The deleos went from being a band that could not right bad songs to writing an album filled with horrible songs . You want good pilots ' albums ? BUY THE anything BUT this ! They are well worth it . As for this exercise in tedium for that matter , do n't waste your money.Here is why : Core provided strong melodic content with 60s style harmonies and unbelievably catchy guitar licks . Any album that catches you singing along to EVERY song is a good album in my book.Tiny Music was a much darker album in comparison to blue album , but in my opinion it is just as melodic and catchy as blue . This album takes time to listen to but after giving the songs a chance you notice the excellent dynamics of the songs , the fitting lyrics and the overall feel that comes out of the album as a whole.Shangri-LaDeeDa provides absolutely NONE of the above . All the songs have very BASIC melodies that get boring after one listen and there are no 60 's style harmonies -LRB- rarely any harmonization at all -RRB- . All songs have the same basic formula as well as the same sound in overly compressed guitar distortion losing much of the crunch it had in Purple 's album . The lyrics are -LSB- bad -RSB- , end of story . And this album does not grow on you ... it just gets duller by the minute , ESPECIALLY with the solos copying the already basic vocal melody line.Hopefully you will not by this and better yet , you will send a letter to Scott Weiland , Eric Kretz , and Dean and Dick Deleo telling them to write songs the way they used to pre-Green era .
 As a big fan of rock ... I pulled this CD from a friend to see if it was worth it or not . Despite it does have the rock edge I do love , I feel the CD is very ecletic from the grinding guitars in `` Dumb Love '' to the passion in `` Wonderful '' to the gloom of `` Long way Home '' . However , sometimes too much ecleticism can be a bad thing and it seems to plague this album . `` Black Again '' seems too prissy for Stone temple Pilots and `` Too Cool Queenie '' seems to follow a similar drifting path as well . A major disappointment to me was that some of the songs had excellent lyrics while the others just whined along and seemed thrown together just to fill the album . For a 5th album , it 's a scandalously questionable start but I 'm anxious to see where they go from here ... hopefully , the next album gives a little more depth but it 's a fearsome listen .
 There are a few good songs at the beginning , but it falls short of being a good cd . At least it sounds like STP , that 's the best I can say .
 This album is the equivalent of going to see an 80 's hair band -LRB- like Poison -RRB- at a county fair . You 're excited to see them and glad they are still together , but after sitting through their short set you kind of feel like perhaps they should stop putting out new albums and making appearances . And just like Poison 's new album `` Holyweird '' , Shangri-La Dee Da fails to capture the magic and flare of their previous work.The songs were marginal at best , and no amount of listening to `` Days of the Week '' -LRB- the song that I felt was the strongest track -RRB- on repeat was going to change that . The album starts off with the promising tracks `` Dumb Love , '' `` Days of the Week , '' `` Coma , '' and -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- `` Hollywood Bi *** '' . But immediately after that song ends , the album ceases to be a Stone Temple Pilots album and more becomes a weak Jane 's Addiction slow and rare set -LRB- much like acoustic ` Porno for Pyros ' -RRB- . Not to say that it was n't listenable , because it was , it just is n't something that I felt Stone Temple Pilots should be putting out and slapping their name on . I enjoyed the song `` Bi-Polar Bear '' but this track was too little too late.If you 're looking for a band that is still putting out grunge-style music that has n't lost their direction , you should look elsewhere , like Bush .
 I 've been a huge STP fan for a while now and this album just does n't hold up with their previous work . It starts off promisingly enough with one of the album 's best songs , `` Dumb Love '' . but never takes off . It sounds as if STP are trying to repeat themselves or trying to prove to people that they can make hard rock music like they did on their first album , `` Core '' . Core is a good album but it stands on its own . STP seemed to be prgressing with each album . Their music was becoming more than just riff-rock and then they released `` No. 4 '' . Many of the songs are simply uninteresting , lacking the great melodies that singer Scott Weiland usually provides . Their are some good moments like the extremeley melodic hooks on the hit single `` Too Cool Queenie '' . The best song in my opinion is the acoustic guitar ballad `` Hello it 's Late . '' Weiland does an eerily good impression of Jim Morrison and the beautiful string arrangement gives the song a great feel . Another interesting song is the countryish `` Transmission from a Room '' . The album needs more unique moments like that though . Most of the other songs sound like they could 've been b-sides . They sound like they 've been done before . Instead of creating something new STP sounds as if they were trying to recreate the best moments from their previous 4 albums and it just does n't work . The album is listless and lacks passion . What happened to the eclectic Led Zeppelinish music they used to make ? If you 're not a fan this album may not seem so bad but I 'd reccomend getting `` Purple '' and `` Core '' first . Overall `` La Dee Da ... Dee Da '' is another bland rock album .
 Tool is the best band nowadays , for the one , sorely sensitive reason that stp are failures
 lots to be desired ... to much talk and not enough music . disc was fine.i really wished there was more of a flow with the cd .
 LA Song is one of the best songs I 've heard in a long time . A touching ballad that also has a biting edge . However , after that song I found the rest of the album to be pretty thin . I am not a fan of angst-ridden screaming being passed off as music as I feel so much of this album is . If you like LA Song , I would suggest buying the single . It really is not an accurate reflection of the rest of the album .
 Beth Hart has a great voice for soul , blues and country but for every 3 or 4 great songs per album there are 7 0r 8 slow , melancholy stinkers . I like an occasional ballad but Beth needs to get with a producer who wo n't allow her to record songs which bring down and detract from her up tempo numbers . The record company should issue a collection of all her faster , blusier and rockier songs on one cd and I guarantee sales will triple . It would bring some much needed attention to her career and really showcase her strength as an heir to Janis Joplin .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . I wish I had waited and listened to a few of the sound samples and read a few of the more critical reviews as well . This CD is a disappointment . Mediocre songwriting , Top 40 production and oversinging that would be an embarrassment for a true master of blues , soul or R&B . I ca n't believe someone compared her to a combination of Janis Joplin , Aretha Franklin & Melissa Ethridge . She does n't come close to any , and I 'm no fan of Ms Ethridge . Mabe some of her other titles are better bets , but I went to U-Tube and sampled a few videos of her live performances , and they were not impressive either . I 'm puttin ' this one back up for trade on Swaptree !
 Beth 's got a lot of soul and fire in her belly . It shows in her powerful delivery of these songs but the CD does very little to separate her from the rest of the pack . Not a very memorable CD - the kind you play this week and forget you bought next week .
 I bought this album because i loved LA Song thinking that the whole album would touch me like that song did . i was incredibly disappointed . Even though she has an incredible voice , i felt that she could have written more original music . Her voice is so unique that i expected more unique lyrics . Instead this cd sounded too pop . Her voice dose n't mesh well with the Brittany Spears type songs . Maybe her next album will be more original .
 `` L.A. Song '' is one of the worst and most repetitive pieces of songwriting I 've ever heard . How many times can she repeat the same lyrics just to fill a musical phrase ? Oh , and `` He lied like a salesman selling flies '' ?? What a stupid line . I just do n't get the appeal . Based on this song I would stay away from the rest of the album , but that 's just my opinion .
 Beth Hart ca n't sing at all . The lyrics are stupid and her voice is awful .
 PLEASE ? I do n't understand how people can be soooo dense ; BETH HART SUCKS ! Worse than that , she seems to have gathered a trendy following ? ~ ? ~ ? Why ? Certainly not because she writes decent lyrics , or even sings well ... * sigh * Come now , if there 's got to be a new trend in singers , i 'd just as well prefer listening to Nirvana again * highly dissapointed *
 Buyer beware ! This Cd release by EMI/Capitol is a MONO issue . According to the liner notes and I quote '' Many of the solosists are completely off-mike ... etc '' . This from Michael Cascuna , a man who I admire for what he 's done for Jazz . I acquired a mint Lp copy to replace my battered Cap Lp and the solosists are not off-mike in my opinion . My bet is they could n't find the original stereo tapes or did n't want to bother to `` correct '' them . That 's why they put knobs on equipment . So do as I did and get yourself a mint Lp and make your own Cd . And while your at it you had also better get a copy of `` Rendezvous With Kenton '' in stereo .
 I have a soft spot for Massenet and enjoy searching out his lesser known operas , but this , the last to be premiered in his lifetime , really sounds as if the bottom of the barrel is being well and truly scraped . In recent years the Festival Massenet have explored some of the late operas with varying success - ` Amadis ' -LRB- see my review -RRB- was memorable , ` Cleopatre ' less so even though it had its moments , and this may have prompted the festival at Martina Franca to explore further - this recording is of a live performance there . ` Roma ' , premiered in 1912 , is based on a play that Massenet had seen 35 years earlier - and had been a vehicle for Sarah Bernhardt , who played the role of the blind grandmother Posthumia -LRB- this sounds as if it would be better featured in ' A Funny Thing Happened on the way to the Forum ' - I can just see Zero Mostel in the part -RRB- , who stabs her grand-daughter , a sinning vestal virgin to save her from being buried alive - I 'm sure this play must have been dated even then , as an opera plot it looks back to Italian versions of Ancient Rome by Donizetti , Pacini and the like c. 1840 - what Massenet is doing with it in 1912 -LRB- the year before the ` Rite of Spring ' - is a wonder , and a worry ! The musical invention is so thin it is almost non-existent - a prescription , rather , in how to cook up an opera and taking the line of least resistance throughout - Massenet sounds terminally exhausted and is unable to rise even to the melodramatic intervention of Posthumia in her Granddaughter 's trial . Only in the love music in the third act do things charge up a little - but it 's pale stuff -LRB- self-quotations mostly -RRB- compared to ` Werther ' or ` Manon ' - or even as yet unrecorded Massenet operas such as ` Ariane ' and ` Bacchus ' . The recording quality is variable - an underlying vibration comes and goes -LRB- traffic outside the theatre ? -RRB- the orchestral playing is adequate , some of the singing more than that - particularly Iano Tamar 's vestal virgin and the cameo of a slave from Gaul sung by Jean Vendassi . But this opera is a lost cause - Massenet 's reputation is not well served by such a sorry exhumation .
 The audio balance -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- on this recording is so awful , it kills whatever good is going on . The higher voices are clear and upfront enough , the orchestra - which thankfully is interesting and expressive - is VERY loud , the bass and baritone leads sound like they are singing as loudly as they can from back stage . I think Francesco Ellero d'Artegna -LRB- bass -RRB- and Nicolas Rivenq -LRB- baritone -RRB- might have voices too small for the parts anyway , but really it 's hard to tell . I might recommend this only if you like Massenet and are not acquainted with mighty soprano Iano Tamar . Her diction is not clear but she is a sensual and fearless singer and I 've come to like her very much . A better vehicle for her is I think the Pacini opera `` L'ultimo Giorno di Pompei '' , another live recording from Martina Franca that is lovely in every regard .
 Rita Hayworth was dubbed in almost all of her films by Jo Ann Greer and Anita Ellis - it 's Ellis you 're hearing in Gilda , and Jo Ann Greer in Pal Joey , for example . Hayworth did sing on the Carol Burnett show once , and it 's on the combo CD of Hayworth and Marlene Dietrich .
 It may have all the songs from the air gear anime but , it does n't have the full version of the opening credits . The music is very techno . The picture on front it good . In the booklet there seems to be the lyrics for the opening song but there in japanese .
 Once again it seems the HOGARTH clan wrote the other reviews ... ca n't think of any other reason why anyone would write a good review for this cringeworthy offering ... after the first vocals on track one my wife gave me a withering look and demanded that I stop that noise ... we do n't always agree on music , but in this case she was dead right ... HOGARTH must be tone deaf ... his singing is horrid and sends shivers down your spine for all the wrong reasons ... the songs are totaly cliche and his guitar playing is almost inaudible ... the mix takes the guitar into a far corner of another studio ... taking the quality of the playing , this is not a bad thing ... I 've also travelled in elevators that provided far more interesting soundtracks than this insipid mix of pseudo soulfull tunes ... this washes over you in a most unpleasant way and it is not an experience I ever want to repeat
 Hope u can do well in your 2nd english album!Come on !!!
 For those of you out there considering buying this cd . My word of advice . . DO N'T ! Coco has a good voice but all her songs sound the same . Even the titles are the same . She does not represent the asian race , there are many asian singers out there far better than she will ever be . She does n't even compose her own music !
 This album that coco just released is really disappointing . Yeah , she can sing but there are a lot of singers in asia that can sing much better then her . It just seem that the record company just wanted to stick someone with an asian face in the market to attract the asian buyers . The album sounded the same from the beginning to the end and did you guys noticed the words ! They were horrible ! I like her asian cds so much better then this one .
 This album is no more than ordinary . I prefer her chinese albums.And please people stop the hype . Coco will not be the first asian to sing in Oscar , it 's Lea Salonga . And the only undefeated asian songstress in music mainstream today is Jocelyn Enriquez . And , this indonesian contemporary ethnic artist named Anggun .
 Okay , I admit that Coco Lee can sing a bit better than Britney Spears ... But I think that her voice is rather thin although she can sing all the `` Ah `` s and `` Ee `` s in R&BT he songs in this album seems to be repeating itself ... However , there are some nice numbers like `` Do You Want My Love '' , `` Just No Other Way '' , `` Before I Fall In Love '' and `` All Tied Up '' ... Other than that , the songs are just like variations of this or that tracks . Further more , most the songs in this album are in slow numbers except for the 1st track which is more exciting ... The others can put you slowly to dreamland ... As simple as that : - -RRB- People in Asia should not buy this album because it is not as good as her Chinese albums . Further more , since Coco Lee hit the U.S. market , she has become more cocky than ever . People in U.S. should buy this album because you would be able to hear a bit more better singing than Britney Spears .
 Another one of those pop albums ... . not bad , nothing fantastic either , in my opinion that is ! As bad as -LRB- or as good as -RRB- chris . aguill , brit . spears , etc etc etc
 I heard this album recently , while shopping at a local record store . All I can say is that there is absolutely nothing special about this album . Besides the fact that she 's asian , she sounds like every other bubblegum pop singer out there . She has no niche in the market , and her singing is n't great . You know the phrase `` I 've seen better , but not many ? '' Well this does n't fit ! I 've heard better AND many ! There 's nothing special about the songs either . They sound like every other R&B song out there . If she thinks she can make it with an album like that , she should guess again ! This one blows chunks.All I can say in a nutshell about this album is , SONY MADE A BIG BOO-BOO promoting THIS one to compete with today 's pop market !
 No one should support her just because she is Asian . That is being biased . Only thing I can say is that she needs to bringing in something new ... as Jennifer Lopez introduced Latin/Pop/R & B , etc. . She should have put some `` Asian '' flavor to her music . I do n't know why everyone from all different race is trying to be more `` black '' than black people . What she 's doing is everything that was done in 1998-1999 . Plus , Kelly Price 's song sounds just like Chuckie Booker 's song ... I mean `` Just Like It . '' She can definitely use some new song writers . Her title track `` Do You Want My Love '' features an un-known rapper who is a cheap copy of Kid Capri ... Anyways , for all of you interested in this album , just download it via MP3 ...
 What is she thinking , all of the song have absolutely noappeal . I listened to it once and that was all it took for me to hateit . Her voice is sqeaky high and nasaly like that of Suanza for those of you who know who I 'm talking about . No soul and all her malismas are weak , without skills but repetition in the studio . I certainly hope Suanza wo n't try the same in the future . One huge embrassement is all we need for the Asian community.I would have gave it NO stars but in order to share with all of you my opinion , I had to give her at least one . Just to let you all know negative 5 stars is an understatement . END
 I did n't buy this album , but I listened to it from my friend 's CD . This is just boring pop music . If you 're looking for an Asian singer who 's trying to break into the U.S. market by singing English , try Hikaru Utada.Coco has the voice for Mandarin ballads/pop . Even people who do n't understand Chinese rather listen to her Chinese songs . Her English songs are boring and lame ... reminds me of Jessica Simpson 's first album with those lame upbeat tracks -LRB- with the exception of `` I wan na love you forever , '' `` your faith in me , '' `` heart of innocence , '' and `` where you are . '' -RRB-
 First of all , the lady should not go around declaring that she is the first asian singer to sing R&B . -LRB- It 's more like a tacky version of R&B - pop -RRB- Nor should she go around -LRB- for she did in Asia -RRB- saying that she hopes the Grammy committee will consider her as a nominee -LRB- God forbid -RRB- . The songs lack soul , although she has a nice voice . Most of her songs lack substance , and she trys to be hip and everything but fails -LRB- plus she even has two songs with almost the same title ! -RRB- . I have no idea why Kelly Price would want to guest on this CD ... Coco Lee can do much better than this . She had better , if she ever wants to be considered a world-class singer . Disappointing . Do n't know what the hype has been about .
 she can do better than this and change the songwriter might help . .
 After I listened the CD for few times I find it tiring . Lack of decent lyrics and the melody is pretty much copy of others . There was nothing special in her album . Her Chinese CD 's were pretty decent I am just disappointed that this CD ai n't as good as her chinese CD 's . Maybe it 's the U.S. marketing strategy , I really think this CD can be a lot better . Besides , she is not the best singer that I have heard . Try Shanza , Sandy Lam , Sally Yeh and others .
 Coco Lee may have talent , and her voice is incredible . Too bad it 's not once put to good use . The CD is laced with recycled and boring R&B tracks . She may have a reputation , but it 's meaningless unless the CD is quality . It 's not . Sadly , she tries too hard to conform to American pop culture . Instead of introducing an Asian sound , she brings nothing new . While she has the talent , her lack of effort places her with the Britney and Christina wannabes .
 Wow ... as I express , I do n't know what those song writers and singers are doing ? Sampling others has been a trend that pretty much thumbs up our music industry thus far -LRB- Yeah . all you copy cats , you know who you are ! -RRB- I find it very tiring listening to her music . First I have to be proud that she is first asian ever hit the U.S. market . BUT , I am so disappointed that she did n't do it with a BAM ! She tries to hard to imitate artists like Mariah Carey , Celine Dion , and Whitney Houston . All the songs are pretty much the same from track 1 to track 10 . -LRB- I gave it away the next day . I should 've bought Best of Mozart ! -RRB- Please bring back the nuances !
 Coco is a major star in Chinese speaking countries and although not poweful , she can actually sing . Her first English album is a main stream oriented R&B , hip hop and I admire her guts . However , her problem with this album is very weak song writing and no originality . I only liked the first song and that 's about it . She has a great potetial to have hits though , only if someone writes a good heartfelt song for her . I am not sure if R&B , bad girl image is the right track for her , since she lacks the attitude . Hoping everything will be better in her next album .
 coco lee has a beautiful voice . too bad these songs stink . do you want my love is kind of catchy . but the rest just lacks something . this cdis too much like jessica simpson or chritina agulara , -LRB- two artists i would say coco is much better than -RRB- . here is a tip from me to you
 There are much better Asian American vocalists out there who are successfully making a splash in the music industry . `` Voice 5 '' formerly known as ONE VOICE is one great example of female vocalists who demonstrate great talent ... `` Just the beginning '' by Voice 5 is much better than the repetitiveness of `` Just no Other way . . '' This coming spring there will be more Asian American singers hitting the music mainstream such as Kristine Sa , a singer from Nemesis Records , who writes her own songs.Sony Music did a poor job of promoting Coco 's new CD . I was very disappointed when I listened to it because it sounds no different from her Chinese CDs , the only difference is that her new songs are in English . Cutesy melodies and kiddy lyrics just does n't cut it here in America . Coco 's music does n't break any NEW GROUND and is n't worthy of all the hype and attention that it 's receiving . Coco has the potential but it does n't really show in this CD . Bottom line
 Her voice in this CD is weak and uninspired , and the songs are simply recycled material from other established artists . Two tracks titled `` Do you want my love '' plus `` Do n't you want my love '' gives you a glimp of the creative effort -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- behind the CD . The only good comment can be attributed to this CD is that her English is native quality , and that 's it . It 's hard to describe how sad this sorry affair really is . This is karaoke bar quality material .
 Nothing special . I could n't see anything with creativity in this album . In Taiwan , some little girls love her Chinese songs , but she failed to achieve more wonder in her new album . By the way , it 's only about business .
 I bought this cd in Taiwan coz I heard the song ` before i fallin love ' from the Rundaway Bride soundtrack and thought it wasalright . But as soon as i listen to the first few second of each track i realised what a waste of money that was . The album shows no depth or personality at all . The songs r like the leftovers from britney spears ' first album . Ca n't believe a mid-20s woman singing 10 year old songs . The self-proclaim perferctionist has very poor vocal . She shows no strength and feeling in her songs . I wanted to sell that cd after one listen and thank god i did it . If Coco thinks she can break into international market with this stuff she is seriously mistaken . The album shows that she is just another product of the teen market that is very popular right now thanx to the likes of Christina and Britney . But this album is so much worse than those teen singers . Even Mandy Moore and Jessica Simpsons debut albums sounds way better than Coco 's . It 's a shame that this is what international people all could have to relate with Asian singers . There 're many talented Asian singers like A-mei , but they ca n't speak english well . Coco is given a chance for the international market only coz she can speak English better than the others . But she 's not a talented singer or artist whatsoever . END
 Her single is just the same as J. Lopez 's `` If you had my love . '' I do n't care if she is asian , if your not talented you have no business in the music industry . Her attempt lack style . The CD cover looks like a picture of Mariah Carey . She ca n't even hit Mariah 's notes . I do n't mean to be disrespectful but she has less talent than those of teen pop . And that is low .
 I have tons of asian friends who live and die for karaoke ... so i have been exposed to the asian pop music scene alot ... and i would like to make some comments about this album ... There is an international standard right now in world music ... basically set by the MTV generation ... that began in the United States ... pop , r & b , rap , rock Latin definately ... it basically has spread worldwide to cultures that demand anything American ... just like westerners might want to learn martial arts , eat chinese food or study Bhuddism , Asian youth essentially want to dress , dance and sing like American kids ... Explain the popularity of Celine Dion , Mariah Carey , Ricky martin , Enrique Iglesias , in Asia ... obviously they dont speak Asian languages , but they are accepted . . and idolized ... no Asian singers can come to the west and sing in thier native toungue , they wont make it ... Julio iglesias and Luis Miguel are 2 others who have made a name for themselves in Asia and worldwide . . and sing in Spanish . . now on to `` Coco '' . . -LRB- stupid name -RRB- . . doe she have a good voice ? as good as Mariah , Christina Aguilera , Whitney and Celine ? NO ! is this album good ? NO its generic and she makes poor attempts at being urban , hip hop and hip ... the album essentially is a pop corn , generic , plastic pop debut ... No big deal ... ive heard these songs before ... now if she gets decent production and good passionate song writing on her next attempt ... haa ! now you might have something !
 The one star I gave is not for Coco 's CD . this is only to inform you that Coco will not be the first Asian to sing in the oscar its Lea Salonga.More power to coco although I do n't hear her name here in the US anymore .
 Plastic and Generic im so dissapointed in coco , ... i was a big fan of her chinese songs , but this album is so generic and overproduced ... 4 songs on the album have the same title basically . and she trys to hard to be like Mariah carey
 Sorry to say , She didnt make it here in the U.S. . Her songs are just as generic as some other artist . Shes only popular to her own fellow asians -LRB- mostly chinese i suppose -RRB- Voice quality ? unsurprising and not convincing enough to American Market . Here in America , competition comes first . Originality here comes first , and of course good music . one instance , Macy Gray , good music and creativity . not just by copying others craft . Shes not pretty but American loved her songs . She has an interesting voice may not be compared to Mariah , Whitney or Celine but you will know that she owns it . Its her trademark . And , one thing why asians will never make it here in US ? coz they always compare theirselves to foreign artists . Its like they cant be what should they supposed to be and not taking ones name to gain popularity . Its either the artists will be blamed or the media . You know ? Asian thingy !!
 Coco Lee herself is right !! There is no other way that she can gain popularity here in U.S. . Her Album sucks big time . Not worthy listening too . Get it , if youre Asian . . At least , be patriotic to your own kind . .
 the music sounds canned and her voice is alright but it 's not getting treated right on this by the numbers formula R-N-B of today .
 This is such a bad effort from coco lee . I must admit i liked coco lee the first time i heard it , but then the songs just become BLAND !!!! firstly1 . Do You Want My Love - okay , this is a good pop song it is catchy , good vocals but the song lacks something like most of her songs on this album 4/52 . Just No Other Way -LRB- To Love Me -RRB- - this song is so predictable , she follows the usual path with harmonies and notes , please some variety !!!! this song is a a slow pop song , not like a ballad but more slow rnb pop . 2/53 . Ca n't Get Over - another slow rnb song with no real catchy parts.this is one of the better songs on the album . the only stand out is kelly price , otherwise the song is B.L.A.N.D 3/54 . Did You Really Love Me - A pop ballad , good vocals but she continues to use the usual harmonies not using her own thought but being conservative , this is what stops her from establishing herself as a standout pop singer .1 / 55 . Before I Fall in Love - this is catchy , it kinda grows on you and it is one of the better songs . she shows her vocal range and her talent , which drew me to this album ... NOT 2.5 / 56 . Wherever You Go - an annoying pop song . hate it from the first listen . 0/57 . I Will Be Your Friend - a ballad , coco lee 's ballads all sound the same and are partially the same as mariah 's hits . 1/58 . All Tied up in You - a bland ballad , exactly like before i fall in love 3/59 . Do n't You Want My Love - this is a fast paced pop song that is an album filler . this fails to connect and leaves it as a song that mostly everyone will skip ... thank goodness for the nest button ! 1/510 . Crazy Ridiculous - exactly as the title says - absolutley ridiculous no more to say 2/511 . Can We Talk About It - this is another ballad from coco . it isnt catchy and isnt a good song . 1/5the reason that coco 's debut english album isnt good is because she tries too much to be like mariah carey or other artists instead as establishing herself as individual singer . I 'm not a racist and i like coco but her album failed to connect with me . try her mandarin albums they are a bit better . again i say i am NOT a racist . just because someone thinks that a chinese persons album isnt good doesnt classify them as a racist .
 for some crazy people to suggest that she isdefinitely in the same class as Mariah Carey , Whitney Houston , and Celine Dion is absolutely insane SHE COPIES AND SINGS ALL OF THIER SONGS ! which is what all singers do in asia anyway . . she trys so hard to be hip and urban on this album , and its pretty sad and corny
 I think this CD -LRB- -RRB- ! Please do not purchase it!Flaws inCD ! 1 -RRB- bad lyrics - `` do you want my love '' `` baby want myman back '' 2 -RRB- bad representation of Asian-Americans hair-dye poor taste in clothing 3 -RRB- bad rapping for background music ! keys are weak ! 4 -RRB- nothing to spectacular songs to general 5 -RRB- please compare these songs to other American artists ; I 'm sure you will not want to buy this CD 6 -RRB- please buy other Sony artists ! -LRB- -RRB-
 im very happy that Coco is a failure here in the states maybe this will force singers in asia , to take music seriously , as an art and not a karaoke money making machine ... i mean god ... coco has 20 albums ? 20 ? she 's only what 25 ? ... the asian music industry is nonsense ... you would be lucky to have 2 albums in your career in the states ... there is no creativity in the asian music scene . . its all a big candy factory ... lets see who can copy americans the most . . and also a big who 's cuter contest ... hahahahaha But i think culturally America is far superior to asian countries and much more developed . there is more free expression and mixing of all the cultures on earth you can think of . Asians have been deprived , but we must look up to other cultures and learn from them . . stop being so xenophobic and share more ... imitating american rappers and pop singers is just not good enough the world will choose the original over the imitation anyday ... which album are you gon na buy ? Mariah Carey 's or Coco 's imitation of Mariah ? ... its your choice ...
 I am a great Li Wen fan . I have every CD . So do n't go bashing me . But come on let 's be honest . This album sucks . I do n't like any song here -LRB- maybe wherever you go -RRB- Of all the albums on amazon Didadi is the only one that should be bought . You and me is n't that great either . Coco is just following whatever is popular at the time . -LRB- dance , latin etc -RRB- Does n't have any identity.Her old ones are on a totally differnet level compared to this bomb . The only reason I treasure this CD/ALBUM is that I got it autographed when she came here several years ago . Oh and I also hate the album photos . Who took those shots ? Geez .
 It seems like most of the songs from CoCo Lee 's US debut `` Just No Other Way '' were rejects that werer n't put on Jennifer Lopez ' album `` On The 6 '' . Thank God for that ! CoCo even used some of the same producers that Jennifer used -LRB- a la Ric Wake -RRB- . Other than the standout track and first single , `` Do You Want My Love '' -LRB- produced by one of my favorite house remixers , Frankie Knuckles -RRB- , the rest of the songs are really filler . And a guest appearance by Kelly Price on this album is n't going to help make this album any better.I do n't think Sony really marketed this album well enough before it was released . They should have at least allowed `` Do You Want My Love '' some major radio airplay and maybe some heavy video rotation on MTV . They could 've even released `` Do You Want My Love '' as a commercial single before releasing the album . All in all , `` Just No Other Way '' is n't going to get far and it 's just going to be another album with almost no worth or creativity in it .
 Coco Lee * can * sing . However , I do n't understand how we 're supposed to figure that out on this sugar-coated , overly-synthesized , horribly-written album . You 'd think that Sony would have had the savvy to realize that this cheesy pop stuff -LRB- it 's NOT R&B ! -RRB- would not be recevied well in the US . I wish Ms. Lee the best of luck and I hope that Sony will give her another chance at the US market -- maybe next time she 'll be able to work on material that does n't make me want to curl under my bed and scream .
 This is not bad , but not too good either . I 'd rather spend $ 35 on Faye Wong 's cd and love all the songs than to spend about $ 15 to buy a cd that sounds so similar to all the others . -- U want something worth your $ $ ? Try Faye Wong .
 Sure , it 's good to see an Asian artist trying to break into the U.S. barrier , but this album wo n't do it . I have nothing against Coco , she has a nice voice , and while this cd somewhat demonstrated that with interesting voice ranges , it 's not something to cling on . Coco 's style is not very eccentric to be noticed really . Her music is R&B / POP , a dying and yet overrated market . If you want to listen to some backed washed familiar forgetful pop , this is n't a bad choice . It wo n't leave much affect though .
 I love his music , but this is from the black and white age ; no color .
 I must admit , I was somewhat disappointed with this CD . It 's true , it has some wonderful tracks by relatively obscure composers -LRB- Marcello , Locatelli , Corrette -RRB- , although these particular selections often appear in Baroque compilations . Some of the renditions on this album lack subtlety . Bach 's `` Air on a G-String '' is appropriately slow , but shows no variation in dynamics , and the piece lacks its characteristic depth . The Mouret Rondeau -LRB- the infamous `` Masterpiece Theater '' theme -RRB- is overblown and bombastic in this recording , possessing none of the dignity for which the piece is so well known . Curiously , both the first and last track are Pachebel 's Canon
 I LIKED Electric Circus . I ENJOY andre 2000 . I say that to say this
 DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING IT . THE MOST OVERRATED CD TO COME OUT TO DATE ! IF YOU HAVE BOUGHT IT , I SUGGEST EVERYBODY SEND BACK THE CD TO THE RECORD COMPANY AND ASK FOR THERE MONEY BACK CAUSE IT 'S GARBAGE ! DO N'T GET ME WRONG MOS DEF IS NICE , BUT THE NEW STUFF HE 'S TRYING TO BRING OUT IS NOT HIP HOP/RAP .
 You are seriously out of line and extremely childish to scroll up and down pressing No on everyone 's review you did n't agree with . As for your loss of $ 20 , you got ripped off because it 's $ 13 on here ! In addition to that , it 's your own fault for not going on here to preview the album before you bought it or checking around . Most CD record stores would gladly let you listen to it before you bought it , and some even have listen stations where you scan in the CD to preview on your own . If your close-minded definition of Hip Hop is purely jazz beats , then believe me the world of hip hop is better without you . Your analogies of tide and motor oil versus a person 's creativity hardly fit well together . `` the basic foundation of hip hop ? `` 2 turntables and a mic only ? The Roots utilized electric guitars on their Chappelle show rendition of `` Do n't say nuthin , '' , Chali 2NA did n't merely use 2 tables and a microphone , and a lot of live acts use more than just what you suggested as what I 'm clearly seeing as a limited and close minded view of hip hop from a guy who clearly has issues when he has to push NO on everyone 's review just because they differ with his . `` What the world needs now is real hip-hop . `` What the world really needs is less of you . Good riddance if you never listen to Mos Def again .
 I waited on this joint for weeks like a crack addict , finally got it today , one word , WACK . As a MC , Def is not to be messed with , kid is beyond nice but on this album he suffers by trying to do a Andre 3000 type of joint and falls flat on his face . Mc 's should stick to rapping if I wan na hear a MC sing , I would have bought Nelly 's new joint :-RRB- The most disappointing is the version of close to the edge which doesnt sound beat wise anything like the beat from the chappelle show . Mos is without a doubt the nicest MC out but he should get with someone who makes hot beats and just flow , this hybrid concept album BS is garbage it is in no way even worthy of being mentioned with Dre 3000 's joint which was fire . Mos if you read this kid , you let me down with this joint . I thought you were repping the Boogie Down kid ? Biggie is turning over in his grave , if this is the best that brooklyn has to offer than the bridge is over I guess .
 Mos Def is one of the most musically talented individuals in the game today , but what happen to lines like `` lyrically handsome '' ? New Danger is really different when compared to other Mos Def albums . I think Mos Def is trying to bring a new element of jazz/rock into his beats . Some of it works , but most of it did not . I think I will have to listen to it more to really appreciate what Mos Def is trying to convey . But from what I heard , I am a little disappointed .
 After hearing `` Black On Both Sides '' my thought on this album was what happened to Mos . It was as if he threw this album together with left over tracks that did n't quite make it .
 Wow I waited all this time for THIS - what was he smoking . Is this the new trend to try to be like Outkast and mix bad rock with hip hop.Come on Mos you can do better . This album is unlistenable and it almost pains me especially when I compare it to the first .3 out of 19 songs are just OKThe Easy SpellChampion RequiemLife is RealIt 's too bad . He is going to have to come again in order to claim back his respect.The mystique is no longer
 this album was not what i was expecting . after black on both sides i was expecting another hot album but mos experiments alot on this album its kind of a let down . he needs to go back to his old style like on black star or black on both sides . this new mos isnt working for me
 Mos Def 's latest album is `` The New Danger '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . Sometimes I enjoy it when artist 's experiment and get creative delivering music that is memorable . Other time 's I feel like the artist has moved in a direction I am not interested in . This is one of those cases , I could give Mos props for all his past work and say this is a good album but I would not be expressing my true feelings . I am not feeling the rock based tracks , Mos 's singing , rhyming , choice of beats and this album on a whole . To me its like Mos pushed himself to much trying to deliver many musical influences and remain orginal and ended up not shining in any of them . Part of my problem may be I came looking for Mos the MC , and found his presence limited and not nearly as impressive as his past work . My advice to people who are interested in this , listen to it with an open mind , if you have a broader sense of musical taste then this reviewer and are willing to give it more time then I did you may enjoy it , then again you may come to the same conclusion .
 I waited 5 years for this record after hearing Mos ' classic Black on Both Sides album and when it came I thought for sure it would be better than the first . After I listened to the cd I was let down greatly and as I listened again and again the letdown only increased . Mos tried to do something different with this cd and the fact is it did not work ! This is a rock and blues cd mostly , not enough of the emcee we all grew to love . Hip hop needs a Mos Def especially right now and he seems to have abandoned his roots and halfheartedly put out this cd . This disc feels long and is painful to listen to , anybody who gave it a good review is crazy . It is important that we constructively criticize these artist so they can show improvement on their next album . I heard Mos Def say that he is only making one more solo album , hopefully he will get out of the movies and get himself focused in the studio and put out the great HIP HOP album we all know he is capable of . Cd 's like these hurt the real hip hop movement Mos helped usher in . The one song on the cd that captures Mos ' true self and greatness is Modern Marvel , a song where he balances his singing talent with his emcee talent perfectly and mixes it with a deep message . Us true hip hop heads need a Mos Def so hopefully he will return to greatness on his last solo LP .
 Since Mos Def released Black on Both Sides , we have seen his top rate hip-hop output decline and his second rate movie output increase . Black on Both Sides could be one of the best and most important hip-hop albums of all time , showing what some great writing and quality beats could combine to create . After working with Talib Kweli back in the the day , Mos Def had come from a superpower combo , crafting his trade with a great lyricist . With all of this , it is that much more disappointing on how many levels this album misses.The first track , an intro track is probably one of the better things on the cd and when that happens , you know an album has problems . There are messy rock/rap tracks , spinoffs from Black Jack Johnson that just do n't fit with what Mos Def has become known for . I 'm all for artists progressing over the years and doing things differently -LRB- k-os -RRB- , but when different means going from solid to brutal , I 'll have to pass.About five tracks into the cd , you 'll find yourself saying , `` When is this thing going to get started ? '' or `` When am I going to hear a track that I put on repeat for a week , like Ms. Fatbooty ? '' . Trust me , you 'll say it or at least think it . I waited for years for this release , complaining to friends all the time that he was taking too long , but comforted myself thinking that he was just working on another masterpiece . Obviously , I was wrong . He was just pimping himself , looking for any bit piece in a movie , lending his voice to the odd soundtrack.You have to ask , while Talib Kweli has been doing his solo thing after BlackStar and has put out three solid albums -LRB- the most recent is a little more radio-friendly , but still good -RRB- , what happened to Mos Def ? I do n't know if you can recover from a cataclysmic fall from grace like this . BRUTAL .
 I 've been there with Mos from the beginning . I 'm extremely disappointed in this jambalaya album . Do not buy this album . We ca n't encourage this kind of behavior from our better hip-hop artists . There is only one Andre . Advice to MD , get back to hip-hop . It needs you . Do n't ever push Rock & Roll on us again . I 'm just so disappointed.P.S . Minnesota is not new to the game ... check Money Boss Players from the mid 90 's . Minne 's been layin it down for a long time .
 I REALLY LOVE MOS , BUT I HATE THIS ALBUM . THERE ARE 3 , MAYBE 4 GOOD SONGS ON THIS SELL-OUT FEELING ALBUM . THE SONG WRITING LACKS THE SUBSTANCE , AND DEPTH THAT MOS FANS MAY BE USED TO . THE CONSTANT REPEATING OF ; YEAH YEAH , UH COME ON UH , LEAVES ME WONDERING WHERE ARE THE LYRICS ? IF YOU LOVE THE THINGS THAT SEPERATED MOS DEF FROM STANDARD HIP HOP DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM .
 I never expect that I will get sleepy while I 'm listening a mos def album , I know he wan na make a diffecence music , he want to make some brand new stuff that the world never heard before , but it 's a flop ... I buy this album without listen , because itrust and love mos def , but I 'm disappointed !
 Like the saying goes , one man 's trash is another man 's treasure . In light of that theme , let me just state that Mos Def 's trash is most definately not my treasure . If I could give this album negative stars I would but alas , Amazon wo n't allow for that . Just because Mos is trying to break through and/or meld different genres of music together does n't mean that it works . Just because it 's something that has n't been heard before does n't mean that it deserves to be heard , and while I appreciate his ambition , I do n't appreciate this nonsense from an artist I have loved , respected , and admired since Black Star hit the scene . These words ca n't even express how disappointed I am that I spent my hard-earned $ 15 on this mind-numbingly ridiculous collection of notes that tries to pass off as music . If you 're feenin ' for some real hip hop , get De La Soul 's `` Grind Date . ''
 Mos Def is my favourite rapper . But over the course of the last 5 years , he 's become strangely comercialized . He 's staring in several movies , there are actually comercials for this CD , and he got his best advertisement as Dave Chappelle 's first music guest . That , and he had the Legendary Album
 this Album is closer to a 2 & half for me.I applaud Mos Def 's ability to Channel in many various Musical Sources for this set . Problem is while He can play different Instruments He also trys to take on to many roles as a Artist . you are left with a Set that while it has upside it also has downside.I think if this set had have dropped 3-4 years back the Buzz would be stronger & I beleive the Set would have been seen on point with what He was trying to do with His Black Jack Johnson Project . `` Black on Both Sides '' is a Good Set this set could have been even better with trimming some things off & If it had have dropped a few years back.alot of interesting ideas but alot also taking up space . `` The Rape Over '' is a tight cut .
 This was my most anticipated album of 2004 . I have to say thatit floped ... I 've been a mos def and talib kweli -LRB- blackstar -RRB- fan for years . Im love thier style and the way they took hip hop back to the roots . Im all for being creative and exploring new sounds , but what i dont understand is why change a good thing if your gon na mess it up . When i purchased this album i wanted REAL HIP HOP not this mix of rock/hip-hop style that mos def has choosen to use . To me this was just a marketing gimic used to expand fan base . To me Mos def is one of the most talanted men in HIP HOP ... . I wish he showed his skillz on this album.I just wanted to add that the TALIB KWELI album THE BEAUTIFUL STRUGGLE is definatly the best album of 2004 .
 Attention , cd buyers , there 's a `` New Danger '' in the world today
 Like most folks here , I 've been waiting for this a long time . I will say that since I 'm getting old and out of the loop , I had no idea that this was going to be a `` different '' Mos Def record when I popped it in . After the first six tracks , it was clear enough.That does n't matter to me so much . Although I could have used an expansion on _ Black on Both Sides _ , different is not necessarily bad in and of itself . I embrace a lot of different kinds of music , much of it intensely experimental . I certainly think there 's room for someone to do the rock / live-backing hip-hop thing well , because it 's never been done well ... ever.However , what Mos delivers here is an `` experimental '' record that is n't experimental at all . The rock tracks often come off like a second-rate Rage Against the Machine , replete with ridiculously forced rockist whoops and screams -LRB- although I 'd take Mos over Zack de la Rocha any day of the week -RRB- . The hip-hop cuts seem to be some kind of postmodern commentary on the history of hip-hop , drawing upon the most insanely oversampled cuts of all time . Just about everything feels like it was tossed off without much thought , as if Mos took the `` bugout '' transitional moments from his previous album as a model and extended them to a full 75-minute record.Mos is musically talented in ways that elude most MCs , and he could have taken the same basic `` experimental '' parameters and shaped them into an epoch-making album . One must also remember that _ BoBS _ was a musical patchwork too . That was a big part of its appeal . It also helped that it was original and listenable . But mostly , this album is neither . How sad . We waited five years for this ?
 I ` ma try to keep this review short and sweet for the true Hip-Hop heads out there . Mos Def 's new album `` The New Danger '' is really an album that has fallen victim to the deadly sophomore slump jinx . And I 'm an avid Heavy Metal , Punk , and Classic Rock fan as well . I know how to distinguish the art . Mos makes a feeble attempt to experiment this time with a project that consists of an album with 70 % Rock & Roll and some psuedo punk music . Why was n't this album titled `` The Black Jack Johnson featuring Mos Def '' , is the question that you should ask yourself . The major label that B.J.J. was signed to , did n't have enough faith in the group so they shelved their debut album for the last 2 and a half years . So Mos Def , eager to let the world feel his rock group just takes his B.J.J. tracks and stuffs them all over his Solo album with the Mos Def title on it and forces it down your throat . Let 's be real here for a sec . Who in the world was expecting this ? I was n't shocked at all when I heard Andre 's `` The Love Below '' . We expected something like that from Dre , and you know what ? It worked . But this attempt to be avant-garde in Mos Def 's case just dose n't work , much like how The Roots ' lackluster `` Phrenology '' and `` Electric Circus '' from Common failed to gain acceptance from the core Hip-Hop audience . Too many people are quick to waive fair criticism just because you hear a couple of guitars in the background . That does not make the project a success when someone that 's known for one thing does something out of the ordinary . To be honest , this should have been released as a side project , rather than a Mos Def solo album . Making an experimental Hip-Hop album does take a lot of balls , considering how closed minded most Hip-Hoppers are , but in the same regard an experimental album has to be done right with no mistakes . De La Soul 's `` 3 Ft. High and Rising '' pulled it off , It worked for Andre 3000 with the forementioned `` The Love Below '' , The Beastie Boys with `` Paul 's Botique '' , Ultramagnetic MC 's with `` Critical Beatdown '' and a few other artists ' albums under the radar such as Prince Paul with his `` Psychoanalysis '' album.Unfortunately `` The New Danger '' honestly dose n't break much new ground . I disagree with those that say that this album will grow on you with time . That 's such a cliche ' thing to say . Mos Def 's debut album gave us so many important concepts and ideas with a backdrop that complimented his style . Some of the albums songs where he 's actually rhyming such as `` The Rape Over '' and `` Grown Man Business '' are both slick and clever but both of these cuts sound like mixtape material . Black Jack Johnson is n't really much of an impressive rock band either . They 're decent but nothing to go slap your moms about . Kanye West 's `` Sunshine '' is an extremely mediocre and bland track that just dose n't succeed at all . The song lacked definition and energy . Kanye 's definitely starting to become more and more redundant and over-rated the more I listen to his stuff now.On a positive note a few of the songs on this album and only a few ... are bangers , such as `` Ghetto Rock '' , `` Close Edge '' , `` Sex , Love , and Money '' and `` The Boogie Man Song '' actually remind us of the Mos Def of old.So those of you who think `` The New Danger '' is a genius/classic album , you need to seriously wake up . It 's obvious alot of these folks have n't listened to much punk , heavy metal , blues , or rock to begin with to make that judgement . Take it from a `` TRUE '' Hip-Hop junkie this is one of the year 's biggest dissapointments , burn this one before you fork over that moolah like i did . Spend your money on the sleepers like the Foreign Exchange album and Masta Ace 's latest one .
 Let me start off by saying I am a big Mos Def fan . When he gets on the mic , his voice and flow is touched by nobody else in hip hop . Unfortunately , rather than following up his nearly classic Black on Both Sides with another stellar album , he decided to promote his new band . Big , big mistake.Mighty Mos has been talking about his band , Black Jack Johnson , for a few years now . Once the label that signed them shelved the album , he obviously felt it was necessary to promote them himself on his own album . Unforunately , this is NOT a Mos Def album . This is a Black Jack Johnson album featuring Mos Def . BJJ is a decent band , but nothing stunning . Certainly not something that I would go out of my way to hear . And even worse , Mos Def seems to have a rough time finding a flow on this album , and even more importantly , anything interesting to talk about . Where Black On Both Sides was food for the mind , this just seems to be Mos freestyling off the top of his head . And on some songs , he barely even raps and it turns into a jam session for BJJ.I understand wanting to be eclectic and versatile , but this album takes it way too far . Focus is the problem here . When Andre 3000 released `` The Love Below '' last year , it was still an Andre 3000 album . When Common released `` Electric Circus '' a few years back , it was still a Common album . The focus here is not on the artist , but on his backing band , and that is a fatal mistake . As a big rock fan , I can say that if I wanted to hear a rock album , I would go out and buy an album by a ROCK BAND . When I think Mos Def , I think socially conscious lyrics with a sick flow and not a guy trying searching for his flow over an average rock track . Better keep your version of Black On Both Sides handy , because it may be the only time a Mos Def solo album ever reaches the level of greatness .
 I 'll be the first to admit that what you hear on the radio as far as hip-hop is n't what it really is and if , as some of the reviewers here have suggested that this lp by Mos Def is refreshing because it does n't conform to all the mediocre crap that 's heard in regular rotation , I would have to agree . But considering that there have been so many wonderful releases this year -LRB- you want real creativity check out `` Foreign Exchange '' the connection w/Phonte of Little Brother and Nicolay from Europe on the production-now there 's real creativity -RRB- like Jean Grae , Jedi Mind , Masta Ace and Killa just to mention a few , this lp does n't even compare . I 'm also one who loves to see the evolution of an artist as well as some experimentation , but much to the detriment of Mos Def , much like Common 's `` Electric Circus '' does a lttle too much experimentation . He seems to have hard time determining if he wants to rap , sing , chant or do spoken word which definitely effects the continuity of the lp . Because of this Mos looses the depth and feel of what he 's trying to accomplish with this release.First off , I 'd rather much hear Mos spit flaming darts -LRB- which he 's very good at -RRB- instead of sing , which he 's not very good at . Sure , he did sing on `` BOBS '' but you still could get into the rest of that lp because it 's good hip-hop . On this release , he starts off singing on `` The Boogie Man Song '' which is not the best thing , but it 's bearable . But the fact that he chooses to sing on a number of the tracks had me hitting the skip button way too many times . Then there 's the rock guitars , which again is n't all bad , but as we 've seen with hip-hop artist , they seem not to understand the art of meshing the two genres together and on this lp there is nothing that would make one feel any differently . Most of the production is handled by Minnesota , most of which is sub-par to mediocre at best with two joints being produced by Kanye West -LRB- maybe it 's me but why do cats want to keep working with this guy-his sound is so tired -RRB- which does n't boast too well for the lp that the second of his two tracks is actually the best . Even Phyco Les -LRB- the ever consistent Beatnut -RRB- dropped a less than stellar track . The only thing that does n't keep this from being a total flop is the fact of it 's lyrical content-that is when Mos decides he wants to spit.For fans of Black Star , Medina Green , Mos Def in his Lyricists Lounge days or even BOBS , this album is not for you and believe me-YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED . If you are craving some Mos Def when he was strictly a b-boy/emcee , cop any of the aforementioned lp 's if you have n't already . For those of you , who , like some of the other reviewers enjoy the mix and fusion of genres and experimentation , or if you enjoyed Common 's `` Electric Circus '' then this lp is for you . Or if you 're brave and have some extra cash to WASTE -LRB- not too much though -RRB- then give it try . You may or may not like it which will no doubt depend on your mood or the kind of day your having . You may even have to give it a number of listens before you actually start to like it , which if you like me have bought some really good lp 's this year that remain in steady rotation or you 're listening to the old stuff , then you wo n't give it a second listen after hearing it the first time . Maybe both he and Talib -LRB- who also misses with his latest but not nearly as bad as this -RRB- can get it together if they ever reunite as Black Star .
 Most of the fans who purchase this album are very familiar and very fond of Mos Def 's debut solo set `` Black on Both Sides '' . This album is NOTHING like `` Black on Both Sides '' , and the majority of Mos 's fans probably wish it was . A few things you should know before purchasing this album
 I am a mos def and black star fan . I recantly bought this album which i no it has been out for a few years . i have to say i was very disapointed . i was interested in buying a black star type preformance by mos def but he went in a completly different direction . im not saying the direction he went in was bad it was just not to my liking . he is very experimental in this album and i think a little overboard . there is hardly any rapping at all on the cd . some people may like the direction he went but if u were looking to buy a rap album with that black star back pack sound to it then u are in for a bad surprise . i will give him his credit for being differnt and goin out on a limb but this is not a mos album i would like to hear . o and if people buy dead prez bc they think it is similar to mos like the other review stated dnt . they are very dif mos def is like a rated pg version of dead prez . most of dead prez materiel is very rasist . i think they are great mcs but they go about it in a very racist way . i would not buy this album if u r expecting black star mos def . i hope this is not going to b his new style and i hope he goes back to his old self .
 Terrible let down . Nothing really more to say about it , stear clear of this one like the plague .
 This album was sadly disappointing . Quoting Jay-Z , `` what more can I say ? '' ... . Mos Def 's newest album `` New Danger '' has fallen victuim to a TERRIBLE sophomore slump ! I waited fro this album with great anticipation , knowing that Mos was a great lyrical artist . He is a part of the great hip hop group BlackStar , whose lyrics are only rivaled by maybe a Nas or 2 Pac . I thought this album would be great , sh ** was I wrong ! I was n't even close , this album was so weak . Every track seemed to be rock-ish , I wa n't sure if I was listening to Mos Def or AC/DC . Talib Kweli 's album was far FAR better than Mos Def 's . I think i was being kind giving this album 2 stars ... i think it was out of respect of what he 's done in the past . Mos better step it up on his next album , because Kweli is blowing up , and I like Mos Def too much to see him living in the shadow of Kweli 's fame .
 I bought this knowing that mos had changed his style but I had no idea that it had come to this . this CD SUCKS most of the songs are just run on tracks that are just way to long and dont really go any where musicly i mean the song structure is absolutely terrible and jesus it wouldnt be so bad if we had some of mos 's dope lyrical skill that he displayed on the last album to listen to but there is not one hot lyrical line on this joint not one . the dope lines from his previous efforts have been replaced by trite repetitive R&B and mos wailing about failed relationships with the occasional Hiphop track thrown in . I would rather swim through a quater mile of bird crap before I would ever listen to this album again . I have a pretty good Idea now of what listening to music in hell will be like . 0 STARS
 Mos Def has produced great albums , but new danger is not one of them , this is utterly forgettable and predicable dud , featuring a plot on this album that is so ridiculous the songs are over the top , mos def singing and everything else is so preposterous , it makes KRS-One happy , I Hope he does a better album next time.New Danger Album Review * 1/2 Star .
 I loved the black star cd - 5 stars , I really liked black on both sides 4 stars but if I could give this 0 stars I would.This is garbage . Mos is trying to channel dead jazz and blues stars and be them , not himself . This is no rap cd . so if u are looking for him to rap , do not buy this . again to make clear I am a fan of his earlier stuff , I have seen him and kweli in concert.but this album is a pile of dog doo .
 This Is Mos Def 's Worst album to date , I do n't know what the mission of this album was to fulfill . It had songs where sometiems mos def sung over a rock song , songs where he was singing , and songs where he was trying to accomplish reggae . This album was most likely experimental and it blows , mos raps on about 7 tracks which are the only good songs on the cd , he does n't go back to the basic soul hip-hop like on Black On Both Sides Which is a great album . I do n't know what mos was smoking when he made this and i hope it never happens again .
 What the world needs now is real hip-hop . Mos-def and other artists fail to realize that when a consumer purchases a CD , he expects to hear a certain kind of music . When I purchase a Miles Davis CD , I expect to hear jazz not country music . After a five year abscense , one would reasonably assume Mos-Def would have been thirsting to give the consumer a hip-hop record . If I would have wanted to hear rock-n-roll , I would have purchased Jimi Hendrix . Mos-Def is one of the most talented cats to grab the microphone . If he wanted to be creative , that could have been easily done through the basic foundation of hip-hop . You know , two turn tables and a microphone . He should have put this record out as a Black Jack Johnson album , so I would have known not to mess with it . I have read reviews in here about being a supportive `` die hard fan '' . Well , when I put up my hard earned money , I expect to get a certain product . When I purchase Tide detergent , I do n't expect it to be motor oil when I open the package . All I have left to say is `` That chump owes me $ 20 '' . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS RECORD . THEIR IS NOTHING ON THE CD WORTH LISTENING TO AT ALL .
 Whereas MOS DEF is so artsy fartsy that his depth is lost in shallow drums.Whereas MOS DEF was once considered the best to ever do it from BK along with Biggie and Jigga man while holding his own independence.Whereas Man Tan -- oops -- Mos Def stands in Black Face and shoves Jack Johnson down our throats on a so-called hip hop album.Whereas Mos Def was at one point both hip hop and rock and roll , he has now missed the balance that made his last album a living legend of sorts.I realized Mighty Mos ' newest effort was to be released at midnight today , so I decided to take a much needed trip out the house and go to Tower on Sunset Blvd. . I had done this once before recently for the highly anticipated Talib Kweli album -LRB- which I 'd give 3 stars -RRB- . I 'm going to stop doing that . That 's two busts.I ca n't help but to feel that mighty mos has lost his mind . Did we think that he was hot because of his one and a half albums ? Did we think he was deep because he hosts a show full of OTHER deep cats like beau sia , shihan the poet and Sekou ? Did we think he was hot because of his features on Biker Boyz and as host of Def Poetry where he 'd break into song with the most amazing lyricism many of us ever heard on that show ? Where did we go wrong in putting our faith in this artist ? I ca n't help but to feel that he is feeling himself just a little too much . -LRB- I 'm still trying to figure out why he 's on the album in black face and white paint on his hands -RRB- And the beats ? What beats ? I 'm a li'l no name emcee out in L.A. and I found better producers than he did . I HAVE NO IDEA HOW . A soleternity here , an equilibrum there , a dreddy starr in the mix , and he could have had much better production along the same lines of what he apparently was looking for but so horrendously missed . Also , keep this man away from a set of drums . He ca n't play them and should n't . Lyrically , mos is one of the most prolific we know of . At least , he WOULD be if he had more than just an album and a half . And he should sing SOMETIMES . But only A LITTLE BIT . Sing your hooks , an umi says part II , and then RAP , YOU NO SINGIN ' EMCEE ! You have people like bilal and john legend in your roledex , DO N'T SING . That 's like eminem making his own beats with Dre and Storch in the room . It should n't happen.In my opinion , Black on Both Sides is one of the best ALBUMS -LRB- not rap , but albums in general -RRB- EVER . This Black Face garbage needs to be attacked by the mau maus .
 I like Mos Def 's `` Black on Both Sides '' and the Black Star album , as well as some of his collabs with The Roots , Common , High & Mighty , ect ... but this album is worthless . It 's all pop slow jams that are boring and mundane . If you liked `` UMI SAYS '' from B.O.B.S. the most off that album , then this may be for you . But for Hip Hop fans and Mos ' fans this will most likely dissapoint . The Rap-Rock does n't fit his style , the love ballads get boring after the first 8 bars and everything else is just boring to me . As a HIP HOP fan I ca n't recommend this album , but I do give him credit for having the cahonies to experiment .
 There are a few tracks on this Cd that are pretty tight - but there are some where it 's not at all classic Mos Def . I have his black on both sides as well as the 4 CD pack made by Sattan -LRB- not available worldwide -RRB- and this new CD is totally off , with a lot of rock incorporated for no reason - where Mos is screaming throughout the songs . Just meaningless yelling . And there 's even a song that he produced that is all music - rock music - and he does n't even rap at all . It just seems like he 's trying to be too creative and not holding on to his roots .
 Mos Def can flow like no other as tracks like Close Edge demonstrate . Unfortunately , that track is a gem surrounded by tired , rap-rock garbage . I guess for some that 's a good thing , but for me , blaaaah .
 `` When i purchased this album i wanted REAL HIP HOP not this mix of rock/hip-hop style that mos def has choosen to use . To me this was just a marketing gimic used to expand fan base . To me Mos def is one of the most talanted men in HIP HOP ... . I wish he showed his skillz on this album . '' -- Originally posted by KevinI TOTALLY AGREE .
 `` Decent at best ; fails in comparison to past works `` Mos Def is one of those highly respected emcees who does n't have the recognition of Jay-Z , although some consider him to be upwards of his greatness . With some of hip hop 's most influential albums under his belt , especially 1999 's Black on Both sides , Mos Def has gained a reputation as the underground torchbearer of rap . However , like one of his peer 's Common before him , his latest effort is an attempt to come up with a more electic sound , a la Bjork meets the Roots . At times on the album its a much too much to take . Being such a great lyracist & story teller , it would have been better to release an album that stayed along the lines of his previous works ; but maybe it was the expectations he faced are what fueled his attempts to try something different and keep fans on their toes . He is at his best when he brings the Anthony Hamilton meets Andre 3000 neo-soul songs ; he can sing and tracks like `` The Panties '' & `` The Boogie Man Song '' are fantastic . One thing that Mos dabbles in heavily is hard rock , clearly evident on `` War '' , `` Freaky Black Greetings '' , `` Zimzalabim '' -LRB- featuring Jack Johnson ? -RRB- & others throughout the album . Somewhere along the lines of trying to create a masterpiece , he got lost on his way . Collectively the album sounds like a mess , neo-soul , hip hop , hard rock , blue grass & Nappy Roots-style country all scattered together in no order whatsoever . Disappointing , yes .
 I really do n't know what he was thinking . I was a huge fan of the blackstar album , and black on both sides , but this was totally ridiculous . If I wanted minute-long intros to every track , I would have bought the Yanni CD . Mos should be sticking to his strong point -LRB- hip-hop -RRB- and not this garbage .
 I 'm a SUPA DUPA Mos Def fan -LRB- I even like Mos Def BETTER than Talib Kweli !!! -RRB- ... but you got ta be an official d *** rider to like `` this '' album . This album is HORRIBLE !!! Do n't get me wrong ... there are a `` FEW '' hot joints on this album -LRB- not enough to `` save '' the album though -RRB- , but if you do n't like to waste money ... I HIGHLY , HIGHLY , HIGHLY recommend that you give this album a listen BEFORE buying it . If you do n't know much about Mos Def , then DONT buy this album ... get the `` Black Star '' album and/or the `` Black On Both Sides '' album instead . Those are SURE shots .
 This was a disappointment Sophomore solo CD for Mos Def and at times very annoying . Everyone knows that Mos can go with the best of em and is probably one of the top ten MC 's in the game today , however you would n't know this by listening to this CD . Let me just ask all of the people that gave this CD a 4 or 5 star rating , If you had never heard of Mos Def and you brought this as his first release , would you honestly give it a 4 or 5 start rating ... I THINK NOT !!!
 When I heard that Mos Def was coming out with a new album , I could n't wait . Black On Both Sides is one of my favorite albums ever and I picked this up as soon as I could . When I listed to it I could n't help and be dissapointed . I was expecting something much better than this .
 its a good thing i downloaded this for free . because aint no way in hell i 'd buy it .
 Mos Def spends a good portion of this album making gripes about something or another.Here is my gripe to Mos Def , thanks for wasting my $ 15 with this crap album.Now Mos Def not only makes bad movies , but bad albums too .
 Your feelings seem to be hurt that this album was not enjoyed . Everyone has the right to their own opinion . You must be a girl or want to be a girl . Stop crying like a little hctib . !!!
 I used to be a big fan of Mos . He does good features on other peoples ' songs , but his albums are horrible . I 'm sorry . PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 one of the gayest cds ive ever heard . . this aint even rap , its some punk rock ish ... dont waste your money0 stars
 I have to say that Mos kinda crapped out on this one . I was expecting a lot more out of this album than what I got . The album is ok , but I would n't go running around telling people to buy it . I stlll will enjoy Mos on other levels , , , specifically I against I , a track you can find on Daddy G 's album . That track is amazing . Sorry Mos , you should of worked harder on this one
 Look this is supposed to be hiphop , not rock n roll not country not nothing else . I bought this album because I knew this was gon na have that underground original hiphop sound that I could listen to at night but the only song on there that I could dig was a sample from 3 years ago , the takeover , lyrics changed up and all . Look Mos Def I want my money back or I am going to bootleg 4 copies of this bull!@#$ 5 dollars a piece and get my money 4 that . This album is a disgrace 4 any true hiphop heads I wish people would stop saying things are hot just because a certain person made it or is in the song look people I have been listening to hiphop 4 over 20 years and this is the first and probably will be the last cd that I have ever turned in this is garbage and for all ya 'll that say that this is hot just put the blunts and the 40 's down because you are either drunk or high !!!!!
 I CA N't BeLIEvE HOw GooD THIs CD Is . LL COOl j is da boom boOM BOmB . I MEan like IF you TOok the BADDest SHarK in DA WOrlD and CRossEd it WIT WilL SmITH iN WIld WIld WeSt -LRB- wiiccky wickyy wILD -RRB- aND a COLt 45 -LRB- dA gunN Not DA DriNK alTHO I llikE BOTh -RRB- you WOulDn `` T get .00001 % of HoW GooD LL COOl J RAps . LiKE look AT THEse lyriCs : Deepest bluest my head is like a shark finDeepest bluest my head is like a shark finDeepest bluest my head is like a shark finDeepest bluest my head is like a shark finOMG IMO tHaT 'S da besT LINE HumANS havE eVEER said . LiKE way bEETER than SUCksSPeARe . BuY THIS Cd now YOu don `` T evn neeed to HEAr thE oter SonGS you HEar ME dude ? YeaH that be RIght , yeeaH!!!!&$@# -LRB- !!!
 One song on this cd stands out . that song is the track by hi c. the rest is garbage .
 In 1987 , UK Pop Magazine Record Mirror reviewed Donna Summer 's then album `` All Systems Go '' . After giving it a fair review the writer commented that Summer perhaps , would be better advised to team up with the new Chart Kings Stock/Aitken/Waterman . A novel idea it seemed at the time . In the Winter of 1987 , SAW had not quite reached the level Production line Pop Overkill that they ultimately would within the next 12 months . A legacy that has made them the most admired , envied , disrespected and hated in the British Pop Industry . Initial plans for Summer to bring in her own Writers to work with SAW were quickly abandoned as she stepped onto the PWL Conveyer-belt in the early months of 1988 . She co-wrote three tracks with the team , including the album 's lead Single `` This Time I know It 's For Real '' -LRB- UK # 3/US # 7 -RRB- . She was also credited with Co-producing these tracks but the Co-producer Credit has strangely disappeared from all subsequent reissues . The Goal of this project however , was not an artistic one . After being famously misquoted as a Bible-bashing Homophobe , Summer went all out to become a contemporary Chart Act again as well as regain her large Gay Audience which to a certain degree , she did . She told SAW that she did n't like the Kylie-sounding `` I Do n't Wan na Get Hurt '' and would prefer not to record it . The Producers convinced her it would be a Hit and she reconsidered -LRB- UK # 7 -RRB- . The album 's HI-NRG sound almost completely lost her loyal Black Fanbase for good . Her US label GEFFEN passed on the project and she was without a US Deal before ATLANTIC came to the recue eventually in the late Summer of 1989 . Summer 's favourite tracks on the Album were `` Love 's About To Change My Heart '' -LRB- UK # 20/US # 85 although the original mix here is much weaker than the Single Remix -RRB- and `` Breakaway '' -LRB- UK # 49 -RRB- . These actually are the Standouts and sound less dated than the rest of the album wich time has not been kind to . At the time , it seemed that `` Another Place and Time '' had closed the Darkest period in Donna Summer 's career . It did in fact open it and listening to it now makes the reasons for that clearer than ever . Even her soaring vocals sound claustrophobic trying to battle it out with the Calrec Sound Microphone ! Fun perhaps but dangerously misguided .
 Not one of the more distinguished productions by the great Stock-Aitken-Waterman team , this album is definitely one of the worst ever instances of a great disco artist trying to make the transition to 80s R&B . This album did spawn the huge hit `` This Time I Know It 's For Real , '' which is by all means a great song . Unfortunately , nothing else on the album even comes close to it , and since the song is available on most or all of Donna Summer 's many hits collections , I would just get it that way instead .
 It did n't work for Kylie Minogue , neither Bananarama , the SAW production it 's the music that dated the less gratefully from the 80 's music . So Summer take on this ill advice move , although yes we all know she returned to the top 10 with THIS TIME I KNOW IT 'S FOR REAL , the sound on this album sounds extremely dated , and hearing the entire album it 's extremely painful since I DO N'T WAN NA GET HURT and LOVE 'S ABOUT TO CHANGE MY HEART sound extremely equally the same . This record does not differ from other produced SAW , who in fact could be say was pure 80 's POP disposable music , no wonder they did n't promote Kylie 's 80 's music in America , it was like this Summer album painful .
 Donna Summer 's 1989 album `` another time and place '' is a cheap attempt to break into the pop charts again by teaming up with devastatingly unoriginal British producers Stock Aitken Waterman , the team behind the bubble-gum pop of Kylie Minogue and Rick Astley . As a result , most of the songs on the album turn out similar , and totally lack originality . `` This time I know it 's for real '' could have been sung by , say , Kylie Minogue with equal conviction . In other words , Donna Summer is really selling herself way too cheap to be working with these untalented producers . Stock Aitken Waterman has only produced 2 great albums in their time . The first is Rick Astley 's smash hit debut album `` Whenever you need somebody '' and the second is Bananarama 's 1987 dance classic `` Venus '' and `` I heard a rumor '' . Donna Summer 's album pales in comparison .
 No need to spend many words on this , this album is absolutely distasteful , as if S , A & W needed a real voice for their music . Indeed they did n't because they do nothing with Donna 's soulful vocal capacities . In that sense , Mistaken Identity , not a great album , was muuuuch better.Unfortunately more awful productions have followed , just to try to please the masses I 'm afraid , like the 13-in-a-dozen sounding productions like Con Te Partiro , Power of Love , and the last monster -LRB- I meant that negatively -RRB- I 'm a fire . I never understood how Donna Summer could not see that she has so much more to offer or is it all about trying to make a quick buck . I anticipate her new upcoming release ` Crayons ' with fear ; if it 's to show us she can still make records that will be played in clubs I fear it will have very little to offer once again . Try to listen to her live album ` Live & More ' , what a performance -LRB- you can also check Donna doing some old standards on You Tube , it 's worth your while -RRB- . We know Donna can - really - sang , up until today , why wo n't she just forget that house-dance mainstream rubbish , way below what she could really still achieve I 'm sure ...
 Some of the songs are not that good - kind of disappointed in this one . Jewel has an awesome voice but this album does n't show her talent as well as I thought it would .
 The first half of this Christmas album is very good . Jewel does wonderful versions of classic songs . Beginning with track 8 -LRB- Rudolph -RRB- , however , this album takes a nose dive . While some reviewers consider Jewel 's Rudolph a `` playful '' rendition , my wife and I just found it dumb -LRB- one of those tracks you just want to immediately skip over -RRB- . In the second half of the album , the best songs -LRB- or parts of songs in the case of `` Life Uncommon '' -RRB- are essentially just remixes of `` Hands '' and `` Life Uncommon '' . But you can get these - and many other great songs - by just buying Jewel 's Spirit CD -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- . So in a nutshell , the first half of this CD gets 5 stars , while the second half knocks the total down to 2 .
 A generally uninspired album - at times it sounds as if Jewel is simply phoning her performance in . Her voice is n't powerful , and when the orchestra gets loud she simply gets drowned . The better tracks are definately those where the production is kept to a minimum -LRB- Rudolph , I Wonder -RRB- . In a few others -LRB- O Little Town , Go Tell it on the Mountain -RRB- her voice gets unpleasantly thin , which I found distracting.Overall this is a forgettable set ; personally , I really was n't moved in a Christmasy sort of way . If you 're a Jewel fan it 's maybe worthwhile but other folks will find that there are better holiday albums available .
 I love Jewel -- I have all of her CDs and I love all of them -- except this one . The same qualities that make Jewel enchanting and beautiful just make her seem whiny and annoying when singing these Christmas songs . I do n't recommend this CD at all .
 I heard the album , and I 'm grateful I did n't buy it ! Not only were her renditions boring , but her range was pretty limited . In some of her songs , her voice wavered and she strained on the high notes . Her version of `` Rudolph '' almost put me to sleep ! And `` Walking in a Winter Wonderland '' was dull . She sounded more like a choir boy , before puberty , than an actual woman . I think I 'll stick to Bing Crosby . This one left me falling asleep .
 When this came on , we said , `` What was that !? '' To us it was awful , which does not mean that there is probably someone out there who would like it . Just too crazy for us . We were not familiar with Jewel , or would not have ordered it .
 This is the closest thing to mainstream folk Christmas album anyone will get . Although there are backing vocals and an orchestra thrown in for extra holiday glee , this still sticks to a campfire sing-a-long feel . Jewel 's vocals stray close to yodeling territory without getting too uncomfortable.A Holiday Collection remains not as exciting as other season albums , even with a helping hand from a jingled-up version of `` Hands . ''
 If I could give this album 0 stars , I would have . This is probably the worst CD in the whole entire world . I previously did not believe that it would be possible to ruin ` Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer ' , but I was so , SO wrong . This woman takes every classical Chrismas song and turns them into her own rendition of ` Oh , Poor Me ' with her disgustingly whiny voice and extremely lousy musical `` talents '' . She tackles beautiful pieces like ' O Holy Night ' and fails miserably . Her adolescent sound is fine on the sound stages of Lilith Fair , but she should leave the traditional Christmas carols and familiar holiday songs to people who at least SOUND like they enjoy performing . This is the single worst CD of all time .
 I think Jewel has the creative capacity to engage in something more challenging than this economic enterprise to cash in on Christmas .
 I would rather set my hair on fire than be subjected to one more note sung by this wan na be homeless hippie chick . Someone made the mistake of giving me this for a X-mas present and the jewel case has already been recycled and I 'm using the CD as a coaster for my hot egg nog . Jewels whole career boils down to lip gloss and big well just look at the majority of her pictures . The Lilith wave has crashed -- to bad you quit your day job honey . Oh thats right you never had a day job you were poor homeless helpless waif -- or at least thats the story your record company wrote for you .
 she sounds dumb . she ca n't even sing . get Celine Dion 's Christmas cd instead , now that 's a legitimate singer !
 He has been exceptional in the past , but with this last cd I beleive he has lowered his music standard . A little to rocky for me ! The words to his songs are superb .
 I 've just cancelled this recording of ACL from a pending order here at Amazon . I 've learned that this CD does NOT include `` And ... '' -- one has to go to Sony 's Rhapsody to download it . -LRB- There 's also some karaoke tracks that are available only at iTunes , but I can live without those . -RRB- This ommission is ridiculous as the running time for this CD is just over 59 minutes . They could have easily included `` And ... '' . This is just some kind of stunt to get people to join Sony 's Rhapsody service . Feh , I say !
 Why would they release a new recording of this musical , with restorations , and STILL exclude the song `` And ... '' ? I can not believe it . It seems like such a no-brainer to me that fans of the musical -LRB- and the revival -RRB- would want this song . It 's annoying enough that the first recording , thirty years ago , eliminated the song , but the fact that it 's happened a SECOND TIME is unforgiveable . I never would have bought the recording if I 'd known this was going to happen because , frankly , the rest of it is just so-so . This is pure idiocy on the part of whoever made this decision . Way to go , geniuses .
 Do n't get me wrong - it is wonderful to have A CHORUS LINE back on Broadway . It is also wonderful to have this new recording , which is essentially the entire score . It be nice if `` And ... '' could have made the cut , but the money hungry producers should n't be expected to include that . -LRB- Yes , that was sarcasm -RRB- . The current revival is a wonderful evening in the theatre - but what makes it so wonderful is only PART of what made it so wonderful the first time around . Michael Bennett 's choreography and direction are brilliant , and they alone are worth the price of admission . When the show fails , it fails because of the cast . Unfortunately , most of the flaws have been captured on this recording.Some of the orchestrations are bland and sound `` canned '' -LRB- just as it does in the theatre . -RRB- The opening number plays at a DEATHLY pace . Charlotte D'Amboise ca n't sing . It just does n't work . Get it if you 're a collector , but if you 're not - save your money.Get the Original .
 I Loved this show THEN and NOW to experience live . But sadly the revival recording is not half as exciting as the original even if it does have more stuff . It 's too clinical and studied sounding . Repeating the dialogue ruins the flow and becomes tedious after one hearing . It 's also magnifies why Miss D'Amboise as Cassie never became a first string star . She absolutely sounds like a cat being tortured . Pinched , horrible nasal voice and there 's no hiding it even ion the group songs . SAD . I saw this revival and felt the same about her in the theatre . But the album is worth it for the voice of Tony Yazbeck singing anything .
 A Chorus Line is one of those musicals you have to see to believe . It 's all about visuals.This CD is nice for those who saw the show , however , there is only about two songs that are worth listening to if you can not relate to what is going on.On it 's own , this CD barely floats for entertainment value .
 Best
 the original stage production of this was never filmed ??????????? THIS IS JUST PATHETIC .
 I am also p.o. 'd they did not include `` And '' on the CD ! I spent good money to travel to San Francisco and see the pre-Broadway tryout . I spent good money on the CD ! AND ... now I have to pay for this one song on Rhapsody -LRB- which I 'm not a member , which will cost me more money to join -RRB- . Jeez ... can Mr. Hamlisch and the producers ilk me for any more of my money ?! Extremely disappointed !
 this cd captures all the drab mediocrity of the current mess on broadway -- i have never seen a worse offering on broadway in the fifty years ive been going to see plays -- not one person on stage was attractive to look at -- not one could sing well at all -- and the dancing was just ok i guess -- it was so painful sitting thru this i wanted to run up onstage and just make fun of it all like jerry lewis might have if he was still crazy like that -- the idiodtic drama of these non talented desperate people who couldnt entertain their way out of a paper bag was painful to watch -- and here it is - on broadway !!!!!!!! yikes -- the end of the world must be near !!!!! stay away from this idiocy the soundtrack and the play !!!!!
 Having seen the original in 1975 shortly after it opened , and subseqeuntly , different casts over the years , I was hugely disappointed in this production . While it would be unfair to expect the current revival to have the same impact as the original -LRB- they were , after all , playing their own lives -RRB- , this is oddly unmoving . Every performer seems to be `` acting '' , whereas the original , they all came aross as natural and real.Charlotte D'Amboise is talented but her performance is forced . Though she is constantly at work in NY , she lacks that something that would make her a megawatt Broadway star . Donna MacKechnie had that quality . In ACL she was heartbreaking , her dancing was pure passion and desperation , and you totally understood why she could not blend into the chorus , she was such a standout , so amazingly talented with such star quality it was sometimes difficult to stop watching her when the other cast members were performing . D'Amboise comes across as just another member of the ensemble , and in The Music and The Mirror , is really emoting , and dancing really , really hard . In her singing she punches every word and every lyric as if to say '' I am an actress !!! '' Her song is difficult to listen to.While there is a little more music on this cast album , stick to the OBC to get what it was all about.I thought to the novice who 'd never seen ACL , that this production would seem wonderful , but I have a sister and her husband who recently saw this -LRB- and had never seen any production before -RRB- and they found it rather dull and ineffective . The original simply overwhelmed with it 's brilliance ... not here . BTW avoid the dismal mess of a movie at all costs.Still , when a musical such as ACL chnges the face of musical theater , I say `` Bravo '' to any production available !!
 There are several questions I have after listening to this CD.Why are the tempos so crazy ? The opening number plods along like a funeral march , while At The Ballet zips past as if the performers are on crank . Part of me suspects that cast is performing against a pre-recorded accompaniment track.Why does everything sound so thin ? These orchestrations were created to achieve maximum resonance in live acoustic settings . On this CD , it 's like every single instrument is separately mic ` ed and mixed to within an inch of its life , sometimes to the detriment of the overall sound . Sometimes , obviously live instruments sound like MIDI . Usually it 's the sound engineer 's job to make the opposite happen!Why are the vocals so `` hot '' ? In the OBC , there were occasions when the entire chorus would get overwhelmed by reverb and full-sounding orchestra . Now it 's the vocals that tear at the balance.Who cast this show ? I 'm not going to single any one cast member out because it would rude , but -- oh screw it . You deserve to know . This Cassie is some serious vocal ugly . I did n't once wonder along with Zach why she was stuck auditioning on the line , like I did with Ms. Donna McKechnie 's fabulous triple threat.Why not update some of the orchestrations ? I have a deep and abiding respect for Jonathan Tunick -LRB- who is among my top three favorite Broadway creative types -RRB- , but it 's 2006 . Wah wah pedals are out.Overall , although this CD is good for completists , it 's not going to knock the OBC recording out of it 's slot as the definitive A CHORUS LINE recording . If you do n't have a Chorus Line CD and are trying to decide which one to buy , track down the re-mastered version of the original broadway cast . It 's vintage , but it has a raw warmth that is missing from the revival cast .
 If you 've seen the revival on Broadway , you know that the entire cast dances beautifully . Unfortunately , you ca n't see them dancing on the recording and while everyone always thinks of this as a `` dancer 's show '' anyone who has seen the score knows how challenging the music is.While there are a few cast members with exceptional voices , a few of them -LRB- including one in particular - you 'll know who when you listen to the recording -RRB- fall a bit short of today 's standards in the vocal department.They should have added a song in this version called `` Dance 10 , Voice 2 '' ... and not for Val!I was disappointed when I saw the revival on Broadway -LRB- again , a few standouts like the actors who play Bebe , Don , Al , Val -RRB- , but figured that they 'd `` correct '' the vocal mistakes I heard while seeing it live on the recording -LRB- where they could do multiple takes -RRB- . Alas , it 's not any better on the recording.The new orchestrations are nice and it 's great that more of the amazing score was included , but this recording falls short . I 'm sticking to the original .
 It was , and remains , one singular sensation . A Chorus Line changed the face of American musical theater , with an urbane book by Nick Dante and James Kirkwood and sophisticated yet obvious lyrics and music by Ed Kleban and Marvin Hamlisch . The Pulitzer prize-winning musical has been resurrected in Broadway and on CD ... And we ca n't wonder why . Those familiar with the original cast recording will cringe at the flatness of the `` new '' recording , a recording that 's simultaneously intrusive on the memory and superfluous in any collection . Is this what Baayork Lee did for love ?
 I am only in my 20 's but I did grow up listening to the original album of A Chorus Line -LRB- my mom used to play it while we were cleaning -RRB- and I got ta say that this remake is awful . The original cast had great passion in their voices and the new cast is very blah . I do n't recomend this at all . If you really love and appreciate the music find a copy of the orginal and I know that you will enjoy it much better .
 The movie was trash . And this revival is n't much better . I saw the original both in Workshop at the Public in NYC and 5 times at the Shubert . AND ... this new revival though I give them all credit for trying ... it just does n't cut it . There is n't any magic in the mirror . Ed Kleban ... are you rolling over in your grave ??? Someone wrote that the arrangements et al were pretty close to the original . Not ! There is just something missing here in this production . Perhaps it 's the fact that everyone is trying to mirror ... er ... create -LRB- re-create -RRB- the original . Perhaps it might have been better had they had felt less restricted -LRB- in creating a historic theater fable -RRB- and had more freedom to get up the energy , drive and passion A CHORUS LINE must have to tell all the stories .
 I am a classical music lover.From view of the classical music fan , I think that present jazz is sluggish . I think I have a glimpse of the cause and reason for the depression of jazz music today through `` Chick Corea - Return to Forever '' . In the classical music field , Pierre Boulez appeared in Bayreuth in 1976 , `` Der Ring des Nibelungen '' was conducted by him for five years , and Bayreuth was reformed . He practiced his insistence `` The enemy of the classical music is a mannerism '' and denied the past.After that the classical music , that was sluggish , became interesting . The classical music comes to be familiar and now even a manga , of which heroine is a piano student at an academy of classical music , gets a hit in Japan -LRB- Nodame Cantabile -RRB- . So it has become easy to be familiar with the classical music even to people who usually do not listen to music -LRB- in the 1970 's , it was impossible . -RRB- . The Mahler boom occurred because of the appearance of CD -LRB- compact disc -RRB- . We became to be able to get the CDs cheaply to obtain a large amount of masterpieces of the classical music . That is , the development of media made rather old music energetic . Digital recording improved the reproducibility of the classical music , and DVD made the opera familiar . SACD made listener 's ear discriminating , so that the listeners of classical music came to request higher performance to the players.What has jazz done for these thirty years?I am a John Coltrane 's fan . I can find the meaning and value that he in fact denied jazz . However , the meaning and value can not be found from `` Return to Forever '' . After all I think that `` Return to Forever '' has neither broken the mannerism nor denied the past.What is the difference of `` Return to Forever '' from the music that progressive rock band made in the 1970 's ? And what kind of progress -LRB- that ca n't be found in punk rock and new wave -RRB- can be found in listening to `` Return to Forever '' ? Percussions and CHICK COREA 's electric piano find Santana.JOE FARRELL 's woodwinds remind King Crimson.Lyrics make no sense .01 Return to Forever beats like `` Tarkus '' of Emerson Lake & Palmer . FLORA PURIM shouts like YOKO ONO .03 What Game Shall We Play Today is not at all other than pop music either .04 Sometime Ago - La Fiesta STAN CLARK 's wood bass solo has no power . He should learn Jimmy Garrison .
 Sheryl Crow has a talent for movie songs
 I bought a copy of the vinyl-disc version of this for one dollar at a used record store last year . It has two good songs , the country hit `` Promises '' and `` Watch Out For Lucy '' . The rest is not worth listening to once . -LRB- Oh , `` Tulsa Time '' and `` Roll It '' are okay , I guess . -RRB- Recommended
 Not one of EC 's best , the 1977 album , Slowhand is much stronger if one wants to hear some Clapton from this era . Just One Night is also a better option as it contains several live versions of songs from Backless .
 I read a rolling stone review of this album back when it came out and it was the most hilarous thing I 've ever seen ! Something about this album being a non-entity and that Clapton records the transference of a cigarette from one hand to another and its 10th rate Fleetwood mac and that the band sounds like a hawaiian karoake performance . It 's pretty lame - weak and his vocals go out of tune . Tulsa time , Watch out for lucy , and promises are about all there is here - the rest of it can pretty much go away . Golden ring is his attempt to create another wonderful tonight and it falls short . Skip it .
 Compared to his greatest CD 's incl . Slowhand and others , Backless is little more than a mistake . Its title refers to Clapton 's description of Bob Dylan , that he had eyes in the back of his head , that he was in fact `` Backless . '' This CD is obviously under the influence of alcohol and God-knows-what-else and it shows . Only Golden Ring , again written for Pattie Boyd -LRB- ie `` Layla '' -RRB- shows some heart . Skip this one for one of his greatest hits packages .
 Pointless , Meaningless and Substanceless would 've all been more appropriate titles - this makes no Reason to Cry seem like Disraeli frickin ' Gears . `` Promises '' is one-third of Clapton 's `` axis of evil '' - that is , three big , grating soft-rock hits from the period -LRB- the other two are `` Blunderful Tonight '' and `` I 've Got a Soft-Rock-Cheesier-Than-Foreigner-MOR Heart and I am Now Writing Songs That Make Me Seem Like I 've Never Played Rock or Blues or Any Music with Emotion in My Life '' - the rest of the population knows them as `` Wonderful Tonight '' and `` I 've Got a Rock ` n ' Roll Heart '' -RRB- , and it could very well be the worst of the three . And while one bad song ca n't ruin an album , seven or eight can - `` Golden Ring '' has an accordion , for the love whatever 's holy anymore ! And really , Clapton , why all the ubermellow , not-even-remotely-tasteful-or-interesting country-rock ? -LRB- `` Walk Out in the Rain '' , `` Watch Out for Lucy '' , `` Roll It '' , `` Tell Me That You Love Me '' -RRB- ? Oh yeah , because he 's a greedy superstar willing to jump on anything that can possibly make him money . Forgot about that ... anyway , fans of his bluesier work will want to hear `` Early in the Morning '' and `` Tulsa Time '' , but this should be near the bottom of your Clapton buying list . Unless you 're on crack . Actually , I do n't know what being on crack would have to do with you enjoying this album . I just threw that in there to scare your parents . Did it work ?
 You ca n't find find a more enthusiastic Farlow fan than me , but I could n't wait for this CD to finish . All performers sounded very uninspired , almost as if they were playing the arrangements for the first time , and they probably were . The quality of the recording was atrocious -- it sounded as if it was recorded in somebody 's garage , with a cheap recording microphone placed far away from the group . This is as bad as it gets .
 There is a richness to the original vinyl format that is not manifest on CD . In addition , someone fiddled with the album cover . It 's not the same . They should not have done that . I 've been a Van Morrison fan for about 34 years now . If you really want to appreciate THEM , try the original vinyl with a decent turnatable -LRB- maybe a Dual 1019 -RRB- . . a quality stylus -LRB- perhaps a Shure V15 Type II -RRB- , and some Fisher XB7b 's -LRB- Avery Fisher , that is , not the post 1975 garbage -RRB- . Gently drop your tone arm on track two on side one , MYSTIC EYES , the best Van Morrison song ever , and turn up the volume ... LOUD ! Forget this CD they 're pushing .
 It seems that the great fusion band has given itself to noodling ... There are only two listenable , engaging compositions on this album - The Rapids and By The Brook , which are classic Oregon - lyrical , expansive , melodic . The rest of the tracks -LRB- I wo n't call them songs -RRB- are little more than experiments in atonality , which exist on every Oregon album , but not in such great numbers . Usually there is more variety - you get three or four lyrical , beautiful group pieces , a couple of equally pretty duets , a piano or guitar solo piece , a jazzier tune , and a couple of noodlers which go nowhere . Well , this album is jam-packed with the latter , unfortunately . I am not against dissonance , you find some of it in many excellent Oregon tunes , but unless you love dissonance for its own sake , there is way too much of it here . Probably the worst Oregon album .
 Economics no doubt dictated the size of the orchestra and thats too bad . As someone who grew up on the original recording with Jonathan Tunick 's orchestrations , I am forever disappointed with the sound of the revivals.The orchestras sound thin and do n't have any of the magic coloring of Tunick 's genius . Although I love distillations of big works by ensemble orchestras , the sound of the revivals have no appeal to me . Too , its a tough thing to match the voices in the original production and maybe unfair to compare them . It just seems that everyting was just so right with the OBC . Newcomers to Company , however , will no doubt be enchanted by this CD as I was 37 years ago by the original which is so burned into me that I am incapable of enjoying the revivals .
 I have seen quite a few productions of COMPANY including the original on Broadway . Unfortunately , this one does n't come close to hitting the mark . In fact , it 's way off . If the director were trying , once again , to be innovative by imposing his concept for SWEENY TODD onto COMPANY it does n't work . ANOTHER HUNDRED PEOPLE is perhaps a good example how this fails . Were the singer and the musicians really together ? I heard not . It 's a tough song and this singer could n't keep up . Who could be better than Beth Howland anyway -LRB- grin -RRB- . And unless my CD player is failing , a lot of the times the singers sounded quite flat.What surprises me the most is that Sondheim would sanction this . And the weird thing for me is that I enjoyed SWEENY TODD , directed by the same John Doyle .
 I was so excited to see the new production of COMPANY on Broadway . I was a big fan of the original Broadway cast recording , I had even been in a production of SIDE BY SIDE BY SONDHEIM and performed many of the songs , and I had heard such great things about John Doyle 's production of SWEENEY TODD -LRB- I chose not to see it , since the cast recording 's orchestral parts were so scarce , it put me off -RRB- . I can not remember a time when an evening in the theatre was so dissapointing . In an effort to be once again clever -LRB- or to save money -RRB- the cast was also the orchestra . They were all GREAT musicians . They were terrible actors , and the singing was mediocre at best . The staging comprised of actors with their instruments , walking around the stage in circles . Endless , slow , large circles ... I was nearly sea-sick . ANOTHER HUNDRED PEOPLE , was sung with the actor on the piano , and was sung with the enthusiasm of someone preparing her grocery list . The whole cast seemed bored , but then so was I . The only thing I liked about it , was the guy who played Robert ... but I saw the understudy . I understand Raul Esparza is very good ... but his supporting cast was just plain dull . I hope this is the end of `` hey let 's let the actors play instruments '' directing . If you would like to purchase a wonderful recording of a great Broadway musical ... go no further than the ORIGINAL recording , where the actors were expected to sing and act ! Imagine that ! What 's next ? Will actors also be expected to design and control the lighting ? Let actors act and sing ... spend the extra money and get an orchestra .
 This is such an abysmal show . Yes , Stephen , we understand that you can write music , but next time , try to get a lead who can actually sing that music . The first song I listened to on this soundtrack was Being Alive , sung by Raul Esparza , and I had to switch it off . Unfortunately , after taking a breath , I had to turn it back on again , 1 . for morbid fascination , and 2 . because I had to learn it . Needless to say , I decided to do a different song . If you want a good musical , go get -LSB- title of show -RSB- , a brilliant new musical comedy . If it has to be Stephen Sondheim , try Into the Woodsor Assassins -LRB- the revival -RRB- . And if you just want a musical in which people both sing and accompany themselves , the revival of Sweeny Todd with Patti Lupone is AMAZING . Save yourselves the pain that is this musical .
 After reading all the praise for Doyle 's reworking of `` Sweeney Todd '' and `` Company , '' I can only surmise that everyone else was listening to different recordings other than from what I had heard . The sparse orchestration does not suit these powerful scores . As for these singers , they simply do n't cut it . Maybe it 's just that I 'm accustomed to the original cast albums ; for example , I think Len Cariou has one of the greatest singing voices in the business . Doyle 's approach is n't fresh , it 's just self-indulgent . It is simply a matter of `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' In short , the Doyle 's `` Sweeney '' and `` Company '' are bloody awful !!
 This recording is passionless ; phoned in.I love creative revivals , but this is horrible.The idea of using musicians as actors may have worked in Sweeney , but this is lame.Take some valium instead of listening to this CD , it will have the same effect.How in Gods name did Sondheim approve of this brilliant score being put through this meat grinder ?
 This recording is not great company . I 'm really confused
 The most distinctive thing about this album is the cover design , which reflects the fact this was a compilation of two different live sets
 I 'm not much into the salsa stuff , and this album is full of it . There are only 2 or 3 songs that are straight up . That being said , I really like Vince and it was probably worth the 10 bucks just to hear him play `` On Green Dolphin Street '' .
 I have to offer a dissenting view . Jarrett 's playing goes round in circles . He never delivers the goods . This is mood music with pretensions . His vocalized groanings as he plays are distracting and irritating . I attended a solo concert of his in the early 1980s and felt the same way . I think he is way overrated .
 I truely dislike this solo CD , no matter that it is rated highly in all printed and Amazon reviews that I 've read . Jarrett rambles on and on and on and grunts and groans his way to a long and welcomed end . And , it 's not very good piano playing either . Were the other reviewers asleep when listening to `` Koln Concert '' ? I pride myself in being open minded and musically literate but I can not in good faith recommend this disc . If you want to listen to 1970s Jarrett , please try `` Belonging '' or `` Expectations '' . Neither are solo Jarrett but both are excellent . Jarrett is at his best coupled with other great musicians . Also , excellent piano solos by other artists from the same time period include Paul Bley 's `` Open to Love '' -LRB- ECM / 1972 -RRB- and Chick Corea 's `` Piano Improvisations '' -LRB- ECM / 1971 -RRB- .
 Dear Sirs , Some time back , I purchased Keith Jarrett , The Koln Concert from you guys . The CD I purchased is not the same as the album I used to have . The album is a double album that I believe is the whole concert . I would like to have the whole concert on CD . Can you guys help me find the whole concert on CD ?
 The playing on this album is pretentiousness masquerading as profundity . Jarrett can set a nice groove , but then he simply falls in love with it , and self-indulgently persists to a point where I want to scream `` Get off of it ! '' He tosses in some pretty decorations along ther way , and a few shouts and grunts now and then to show us how moved he is by this music , but it all adds up to an immensely forgettable experience .
 I bought this CD because I had become foolishly convinced by MANY different sources that this is one of the greatest jazz albums of all time.First of all I do n't see how this is jazz at all . No , it does n't swing nor does it offer much variety . Motives are repeated over and over and over and over again . One review stated that Mr. Jarrett had not done any preparation before this concert and that the whole thing was improvised . This is obvious , yet the spontaneity , variety and excitement associated with improv is completely missing -LRB- another essential element of jazz music -RRB- . Without swinging or spontaneous improvisation , it is n't jazz ! The question then becomes
 If anything could drive me to homicide , it 's this album . I 've never understood why it 's so highly rated . Someone in another review here said something about its being quasi-New Age . Yep . If you like that , well , good for you . But I 'll stick to Bill Evans , Thelonius Monk , et al. , thanks !
 I do n't know what people find in Koln Concert . There 's only one riff I remember that resembles the beautifully melodic , inventive and fluid improvisations worthy of the reputation that surpasses Bremen + Lausanne . I was expecting something better than B+L because of all the hype but I ca n't stand to hear the CD and I ca n't stand to throw out music . But I never listen to it because I ca n't really stand it .
 Its not a review about Keith Jarrett neither his music . I am very disappointed about the recording . I was n't a vinyl guy before but this CD makes me one . Owning part 3 and 4 since 2o years -LRB- part 1 and 2 were burned due to sun exposure -RRB- I thougth its time to buy the whole Koeln Concert again . But what I got is for the garbage can . This recording is dead . Nothing left of the spirit of this concert.Don ' t waste money . Do n't buy it .
 ... and it 's as pure piano playing it 's absolutely awful . Nothing but ENDLESSLY repeated riffs overlaid with harmonically elementary noodling . No harmonic tension , no structure , no imagination , no technique . It might make decent background music at an all you can eat buffet , however . Pure kitsch from beginning to end .
 I 've heard and bought Jarrett 's CDs before and thought them very good . However , there is always , it seems to me , a close link to folks that record on Windom Hill . This recording is joltingly like those on Windom Hill . I do n't want to demean folks that record for that label . It 's very nice music . It 's not jazz!It seems that Mr. Jarrett goes between WH and jazz . To me he 's much better in the latter . If I 'd heard more of the Koln Concert I woulnd ' t have bought the CD . Maybe bought the `` The Melody at Night , With You '' again , and sent it to my friends .
 If you were curious how a verbalist egotripper sounds on piano , then this is the right material for you.Mr . Jarrett had his only bright solo moments at his very first piano parolas -LRB- Staircase , Facing you -RRB- , some good orchestral compositions -LRB- Luminessence -RRB- and a triple of great jazz ensemble moments -LRB- not so incidentally all of them with Dewey Redman behind the sax -RRB- . And that 's all about him - or rather not
 This is music that exists in a vacuum . It does n't have the structure of classical music , it does n't swing like Jazz . It 's garbage , really . Jarrett has done much better things since , and apparently even he does n't like this pseudo-mystical hogwash .
 This cd contains four improvisations played at the K&ouml;ln concert.Keith Jarrett has an impressive discography going from Bach to P&auml;rt , not to mention his own compositions . So you expect some amazing improvisations but it 's a disappointment.Slamming the same chords for minutes on end with only slight differences in the high tones is not my idea of an improvisation
 The Game is one the most overhyped rappers we 've seen in a long time , and his wack single `` How We Do '' pretty much proves it . The Game spits some pretty pathetic lines over a generic beat PROBABLY produced by Dr. Dre , who has n't been on top of his game as of late.Speaking of wack lines , 50 Cent makes an obligatory appearance in this piece of junk . His line `` 50 ... uhhh ... Bentley ... uhhh '' could n't get any lazier , and so far it 's the frontrunner for the `` Stupidest rhyme in a song 2005 '' award.Bottom line
 This is an example of how rap is getting worse and worse nowadays . remember the days when rap was good ? There gone and that is a shame , cause of biatchs like the game and 50 . The beats are annoying and generic , produced by Dre who needs to get back to bein ' better at producin ' . The lyrics here are weak with no talent , especially 50 who makes this worser than it is already . Also the flow on here is weak and the whole track is basically.I do n't understand why this type of rap is gettin ' fame and respect while all the talented rappers are unknown by most people for some reasonwhich i 'll never know . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 After 20 + years of listening to Sir Georg Solti 's rendition of the Messiah and attending/participating in countless Do-it-Yourself Messiah 's in Chicago , I downloaded this MP3 version . At first , I found the tempo quite pedestrian . Yes , I know that this version is closer to the tempo that Handel marked in the score and it took some time to get used to it since I 'm accustomed to hearing Solti 's version , a version that is as if a 33LP was being played at 45RPM -LRB- just dated myself -RRB- . By the time I was at No. 33 , `` Lift Up Your Heads , O Ye Gates , '' I had overcome my tendencies to rush ahead of the recording in my head and was thoroughly enjoying the recording . But , it was here where the wheels fell off . Sadly , the following list of extraordinarily beautiful choruses , airs and recitatives were excluded from this recording -LRB- and I ca n't think of a single , good reason why -RRB- . No. 34 - `` Unto Which Of the Angels Said He `` No. 35 - `` Let All The Angels Of God Worship Him '' - This chorus is such a beautiful shout of acclimation.No . 36 - `` Thou Art Gone Up On High `` No. 37 - `` The Lord Gave The Word `` No. 39 - `` Their Sound Is Gone Out Into All Lands `` I realize that 34 through 36 are often omitted -LRB- though they should n't be -RRB- but it is a travesty that 37 and 39 are also omitted!Then , it got worse after No. 48 , `` The Trumpet Shall Sound . `` Additional omissions ... No. 49 - `` Then Shall Be Brought To Pass `` No. 50 - `` O Death , Where Is Thy Sting ? '' - An amazing Tenor/Alto duet followed by the beautiful chorus ... No. 51 - `` But Thanks Be To God `` No. 52 - `` If God Be For Us , Who Can Be Against Us ? `` The recording quality , while a bit hollow sounding -LRB- remember , I 'm comparing to the bombastic Solti -RRB- , was quite acceptable . Were this a complete rendition of Handel 's Messiah , I 'd have given the performance quality and recording qualities a 4 star rating . Sadly , with the extreme number of omissions , I gave it a 2 star rating ... and that was being EXTREMELY GENEROUS!Did I get my $ 4 worth ? Yes . I even recommend buying it at the MP3 download price as what was n't omitted here is quite nice . But if anyone were to pay full price for a CD recording of this , he would be getting ripped off as too much is missing .
 I own wonderful recordings of Messiah . I thought it would be nice to have a more recent recording . I guess I misinterpreted the release date on this version . It is possible that this is the best performance ever created . Unfortunately , the recording technique is terrible and quite frankly , I could not listen to the entire recording.I should have known from the price that something was wrong . I will stick to recordings by Shaw and Marriner.Marc Silverstein , M.D.
 I have had a CD of the London Philharmonic version of the Messiah conducted by Fredrick Jackson for several years and enjoyed listening to it . However , the quality of the recording leaves something to be desired .
 This is only my second one star review . And I am rather generous with stars . But this recording is just horrible , especially considering that all of the participants are legendary musicians . First of all , this is extremely old fashioned Handel . The textures are way too heavy for music of the baroque . But worst of all , the performance just sits there like mud on your tires that wo n't come off . Yes , the price is very low , but whatever you do , do not buy this recording .
 this is the worst recording of the messiah i have ever heard ! it is about 33 % slower in tempo ; it is as if the conductor and all the players/performers took a handful of Xanax before the concert . Ugh ! good think it was only a few bucks . i do not like the singers interpretation either , especially the tenor ; stab me in the ears/kill me in the head ! he sings good , though , but i still do not like it .
 CD skips about three quarters of the way through . Given as gift , so the results did n't become apparent until after the holidays . While shipping was good , product was defective .
 I bought this CD after hearing Lucia Micarelli 's incredibly compelling version of `` To Love You More '' . You can hear the song at her website , luciamicarelli.com . However , the snippet of music above called `` To Love You More '' is * not * that song , and sadly it 's what got stuck on the CD .
 If you are looking for great classical style violin playing , try Gilles Apap or Regina Carter 's Paganini
 I read about this CD on the Jethro Tull web site and , contrary to what I would normally do , bought the CD on the spur of the moment . I am sure Micarelli 's style might appeal to a lot of people , but I have to say I was disappointed -LRB- all due respects to you Mr. Anderson -RRB- . I look forward to complex , intensely played music and do n't shy away from soft relaxing music either as long as it continues to stimulate my mind . Micarelli could n't fit into either of the categories . At the risk of sounding chauvinistic I think Lucia is trying to sell this album with her pretty face on the front and back covers .
 This was recommeded ` compliment ' to Groban 's Closer . Not worth the investment .
 My son 's jazz band plays `` Put It Right Here '' , but these guys make it a little bit sad . I wish my son did n't cry over little things like this , but it 's understandable .
 I give this two stars because I am drawn to the shifting chords and slow moving harmonic progression , but then people start singing and then it gets microtonal and I do n't like it anymore . This happens in View 1 , where sudden sounds explode , in not precisely the same tuning as the slow and gorgeous piano melody . It 's like looking at a moonscape and then donald duck appearing in all technicolor glory . The affect is clear and startling . Turtle Dreams , I suppose is more effective given a visual , but I ca n't be sure , although once the initial startling sprechstimme -LRB- if you could call it that ... As Schoenberg rolls over in his grave -RRB- gives way into chanting and vocalized glissandos , there is a certain captivating , and deeply frightening evocation of pure emotion drawn from the guttural voices . Not my emotions , but I guess I feel sorry for who ever does feel that way . Give Monk a chance ... if you can bear it . I am glad I bought this CD , but I look forward to returning it too .
 I have listened to a great many things , and believe that I can appriciate many forms of music , from traditional and classical styles , to pop , to new age . I like most of what I hear . Having said that , I have never heard anything as absolutely terrible as this album . This is the exact opposite of music . Music is supposed to make you feel something or move you in some way on some level . This album fails that miserably . The only thing I felt was a headache , which was self induced by slamming my head against a wall to try to block out the noise , for that is all that Turtle Dreams really is , noise . It is simple chord progressions accompanying various vocal screeches , pops , and whistles , all incoherant , and terribly out of tune . You ca n't sleep to it , you ca n't even think while it is in the same room as you , all you can do is wish that it was over . Do not buy this CD , do not check out this CD , do not recommend this CD to a friend unless they did something to really make you mad . Avoid this like the plague , or wish for a plague to come down upon you and remove you from this world before you remove yourself .
 My recent purchases of Woody Herman albums have been a great dissapontment.My mistake ... I did listen to the samples and I still bought them . Next time I ` lllisten more carefully .
 i like to here thunder storms and rain to fall asleep by , but the claps of thunder were way to loud for sleeping through .
 The thunderstorm on this cd is on a short loop . You will be listening to the same audio several times before this storm is over . Very disappointing .
 OK , I 'm here at Amazon to get a new `` Thunderstorm '' CD/MP3 and have just now deleted my copy of `` Electrifying Thunderstorms '' and took a loss on the purchase . Here 's the deal : * - The quality is above average , but not great . * - But heeeere 's the clincher . About half-way through the almost hour-long ` Thunderstorm ' you get the most obnoxiously LOUD ear-splitting crash of thunder you can imagine . Just like living in Tornado Alley , this baby crashes so loud it 's woken me up for nights ; to the point where I purposely GOT UP and shut it off . This crash of thunder is a real Linda Blair moment , if you know what I mean . I thought I 'd give it a chance , and finally , FINALLY gave up on this CD just due to this particular Thunder-From-Hell moment.Now of course in real life , when thunder hits right over your home , this is what you would hear . But c'mon . That 's the beauty of Mother Nature . But that 's REAL LIFE . And that 's OK . But to buy a CD with the same ear-splitting over-the-house thunder crash is not what we buy these CDs for.Just thought I 'd share my thoughts . I 'll sleep to the amazing `` Mountain Stream '' by `` Natural Sounds '' that I just downloaded for $ 0.99 cents . The quality is one of the best digital recordings I 've ever heard , where every drop of water is waaaaay better than the numerous `` white noise '' wannabe so-called `` rain recordings '' ... trust me .
 The thunder ... well , there is n't enough of it , and what there is , often sounds rather artificial to me.The thunder is often sudden , but it will hit you after LONG periods of no thunder at all . It would have been nice to have the thunder more regularly spaced throughout ... just like a real thunderstorm .
 This CD is not recorded with the best of technology 's offerings . The rain sounds like spittle , and the thunderclaps sound as fake as something from a 1940 's melodrama . Not a lot of reality here . My advice is to buy Thundering Rainstorms . The Thundering Rainstorms CD seemed more `` real '' and less phony . I love the storms of the Midwest , but listening to Electrifying Thunderstorms made me think of horrid old B movies . By the way , if you are making a movie that needs a thunderstorm track , then this is for you . Total `` B '' Movie sound .
 I have purchased other sounds of nature cds becasue I really like listening to the rain at night when I 'm going to slepp . I was really disappointed with this cd . The rain sounds are really low and like it is dribbling from a pipe rather than a rain storm and the thunder is exceptionally loud , too loud in comparison so its jolts you awake . If you like loud thunder then you will like this but I would n't recommend for a relaxing listen at night .
 This CD should have been titled gentle rain with thunderstorm in background ... not electrifying thunderstorms ... I kept waiting and waiting for the storm to build . Finally I figured out the thunder was looped ... you can hear the exact same man made background noises over and over ... disappointing ...
 I bought this for relaxation , but found that I am basically unable to listen to it . There are some nice periods of rolling thunder or gentle rain , but just as you start to relax you are jolted from your seat by an incredibly loud explosion of thunder . This CD actually RAISES my stress levels .
 I like a lot of Keith Jarrett 's music and the music on this CD is great -- UNTIL you hear Mr. Jarrett start bleating out off-key humming/singing , which ruined the CD for me and made me dump it off my ipod . Sometimes it 's not too audible , but once I noticed it I could n't focus on the music anymore . Too bad -- be forewarned . Wish I had taken the reviewers ' comments more seriously -LRB- instead I went by the glowing 5-star review from the All Music Guide to Jazz -RRB- .
 I have about 8 Keith Jarrett cds , so let 's get that established right away . He is a genius , no question -- probably one of the best piano players to have ever drawn breath or touched key . I can deal with his peculiar version of Tourette 's syndrome -LRB- my half tongue-in-cheek diagnosis -RRB- on most albums -LRB- ` scat singing ' someone called it ? uh ----- yeah -RRB- -- but not on this one . I just tried again and kept skipping to the next track until there were no more next tracks . The music ca n't compete with that idiotic noise . I 'm tossing this cd .
 These guys sound pretty good , but they need to lose the kazoo player .
 The 1978 effort `` Earth '' on the GRUNT lable finds the starship in a very polished , studio friendly environment , writing very middle-aged-friendly soft-rock . Earth , while not the worst JS album in my opinion it suffers from some of the worst lyrics I 've ever had to read . These lyrics are coming from the band members themselves , even though outside writers were used for much of the release -LRB- which is the ONLY saving grace for this effort -RRB- . The music , however , is very well written and performed by the band Chaquico and Sears most notably . But the lyrics ... . the lyrics ! Slick 's lyrics for `` take your time '' are so insipid and phoney they sound as if they were taken from a television commercial and bog down a good Pete Sears score . `` Skateboard '' is a cliche attempt at making a record for the late 70 's fad of skateboarding ... `` Good God , that man 's a wizard '' is just one line of a string of horrible lyrics . Slick 's `` Show Yourself '' is yet again another attempt by Slick to write ` meaningful ' lyrics about a personal issue -LRB- this one being the tarnished United States -RRB- and falling absolutly flat on her face . Jessie Barish 's two songs `` Count on Me '' and `` Crazy Feelin ' '' are easily the best work here . The H.Q. Dewy 's `` Runaway '' is also a cut above the rest of the in-house writing from the band members . Overall , a poor effort from a capable band , but a sign of things to come .
 For me at least , this is the final nail in the coffin of the Airplane-Starship . I ca n't bring myself to listen to anything more recent than ` Earth ' and even then I can barely bring myself to listen to most of this album . This is absolutely the last outpost of Slick and Kantner credibility . Slick offers a couple of nice tracks -LRB- ` Take your time ' and ` Show yourself ' -RRB- but despite the introspection of the former and the politics of the latter they are n't remarkable . Sweet pop like ` Crazy Feeling ' and ` Count on me ' are just embarrassing . You would n't even guess Kantner contributed if it was not for the last track ` All night long ' . He manages some happy acoustic strumming mixed with some standard rock riffs and throws in a few lyrics of note . I think he finally got the joke . Another reviewer mentioned a technical problem with their disc - a dragging sound in ` Crazy Feeling ' after Balin sings `` weather '' - I had that problem too . I took it back and exchanged it for another that does n't drag -LRB- technically at least -RRB- .
 `` Earth '' is easily the worst album by any incarnation of the Jefferson Starship . It boasts a glossy , professional -LRB- thus sterile -RRB- production job , and much of the material was formulated with or by outside writers . There are really no worthwhile tracks , although fans of mellow MOR rock from the 1970s might have an affection for `` Count On Me '' or `` Love Too Good '' , sung by Marty Balin and Grace Slick respectively , and written by other people ! The songs are very thin musically and lyrically , and even the arrangements are formulaic . The Starship is clearly on cruise-control on this effort . Balin 's material here is , while very catchy , also very insipid . Paul Kantner can only muster up one tired attempt at a rock anthem , `` All Night Long '' . Grace Slick is in dangerous self-parody mode with `` Show Yourself '' , but with none of the humour . There is a reason why Slick , then Balin left the now corporate Starship . There was nothing but money to keep them together , and this group was never really about `` big bucks '' . Even Kantner 's next incarnation , as evidenced on 1980 's energetic hard-rock effort `` Freedom At Point Zero '' , shows that he was weary of formulaic MOR rock . Avoid this pretty-sounding confection at all costs if you 're a serious fan of either Airplane or Starship .
 Bananarama has always been relegated to fluff and nothing to be taken seriously . This is entirely unfair , in my opinion . The girls -LRB- now a duo -RRB- Siobhan Fahey , Sarah Dallin , and Keren Woodward were and are talented musicians . They co wrote most of the music on their albums . The style early 80s dance synth pop as one would expect . It is amazingly devoid of filler and the album tracks are just as good as the singles which are fantastic . `` Shy Boy '' being one of my favorites . Their debut is their best album , which is a shame because this reissue is so poor.There are many levels these reissue disappoint . For starters , the remastering is a classic hack job typical of the music industry now . The CD is loud , compressed and maximised . This may not bother people who are listening on computers but there are a number of us out there who still use those crazy old stereo systems . Now , the dynamics have not been ENTIRELY squashed as the wave graph image does not look like a brick wall - but it is close . My West German CDs from the 80s sound better.The extra tracks are very welcome but they suffer the same problem as the album tracks per the remastering . Though I have read reports that on some of the other albums , the extra tracks were mastered from vinyl . I have not listened to them yet and ca n't attest to it , but I believe it . Whether or not they lost the original tape or were simply lazy is an open question . Either way , the reported mastering from vinyl is horrendous . Mastering from vinyl is always a bad decision but you can make it sound quite good with some extra processing . The Wake 's `` Here Comes Everybody + Singles '' was mastered from vinyl because they lost the master tape - and they admit to it in the liner notes ! At least they are honest.That 's another thing , the liner notes leave a lot to be desired . The photographs are not period appropriate . There are no lyrics or any notes to speak of except a very brief overview of the album . Also , there are various spelling errors.Ugh , I hate being the downer but I 've been waiting for these for a long time . I had high hopes as London Records/Rhino are not an incompetent bunch . Why this happened is a mystery . My suggestion is either track down the original CDs from the 80s or buy the Collectables reissues available on Amazon . Disregard the reviews . Most people expect CDs to blow their drums out and the Collectables are flat transfers without any mucking of the music . They were not digitally ripped or anything ; just a basic cheap reissue .
 Bananarama 's debut album , Deep Sea Skiving , is one of the hidden gems of the 1980s , and helped launch the career of the most successful girl group in history . `` Aie A Mwana , '' sung completely in Swahili , is their first and one of their best singles . Other classics include `` Shy Boy , '' and a cover of `` Na Na Hey Hey -LRB- Kiss Him Goodbye -RRB- . '' The whole album is full of catchy beats and great melodies.Now for the bad news . Collectables Records says this CD is `` digitally remastered . '' Digitally `` ripped '' is more like it -- the songs on this CD sound like little more than badly ripped low quality mp3s , with the muddled and churny sound typical of them . You 'd probably hear better quality on your worn out old casette tape , or perhaps even those crummy mp3s you 'd been hoping to replace with your hard-earned dollars by buying this disc.Shame on Collectables for passing these off as legit CDs . Stay away from this one if you do n't want to be seriously disappointed !!
 I am not what you would call an audiophile . And I do n't have a thumpin ' system in my car , but when I popped it in the player , waiting to hear the girls shine , as I remember them . I was sadly disturbed at the muddled sound . Everything , tiny and flat . Nothing stood out , drums , vocals , high 's . I thought , ok the radio has had it . Popped another cd I bought , General Public 's awesome `` Rub It Better '' , what a difference ! So I thought , some glitch , put the Bananarama back in , after General Publics album finished . Lot 's of driving mind you . I was still dissapointed . Thought I 'd suffer through and listen to see if it got better . Nope . The whole time , I 'm thinking , it was the album always this bad sounding ? Got to drag out the vinyl . NOpe , sounded better . What gives ? Why do remasters seem to suck a lot ? Is it just me ? Is it as Edward who gave it 1 star , better suited for the computer ? Anyone else think it sounded bad ?
 I hear so much fuzz comparing their music to the Beatles . Do yourself a favor and dont ever repeat this . Im sorry to say this group doesnt even get near to PFR in quality of music . This cd is awful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Too bad about all that soprano sax playing . I found out the hard way a couple of years ago . If this instumentation does not appeal to you try - James Moody AND THE BRASS FIGURES . 8 tenor sax tunes 1 flute number , most with light ensemble backing , recorded a couple of years earlier .
 I did n't care much for this CD . As my title indicates , this is just a few mostly white boys doing cover of groups that I do n't consider Caribbean music . Jimmy Buffett ? Carlos Santana ? Some of it gives you a good hint of steel band music , but it left me wanting more . Skip it if you 're looking for authentic steel band music .
 I could never figure out why this subpar band got popular , I mean sure Poets had a decent beat but this stuff sounds like `` trying to hard no soul '' rock which is the sucky kind . If you listen to their newer stuff which is horrid you can easily see why there was no fire behind these songs because it was a forced venture and not who they were or are .
 The copy I received from Amazon.com had only 1 song listed on it . There is no way to select which song you want to listen to since there are no divisions between the songs . It was burned as just one long song . What a rip !
 ` Mr. Duality ' is as great a song as the BOBS ever did . Funny , clever , musically satisfying . Right up there with the 8 to 10 wonderful , memorable , passing-the-test-of-time hits they have on their first four albums -LRB- s/t , My I 'm Large , Songs for Tomorrow , Sing the Songs of -RRB- . This is their fifth album from 1993 . ` Naming the Band ' is like a notch below . Nice , fun , but not a bang up buster like they are capable of . Sweet.The rest of the songs just do n't hit the mark . I can hear them using similar methods , working on vocal harmony , clever lyrics , fun stories of uncommon subjects but they do n't come together even close to the greatness they accomplished on those other four albums , aside from the spectacular ` Mr. Duality ' . God bless 'em . chrisbct@hotmail.com
 When the Jack Lee Knife mix of this song was charting Billboard 's dance chart , I was so excited to obtain it , because a mix of New Order 's `` Waiting for the Siren 's Call '' brilliantly captured New Order 's classic sound while bringing it up to modern electro house standards . Ca n't say the same for this mix of U2 's best song in years . What you need to do is get the CD single for `` Sometimes You Ca n't Make it On your Own , '' which has the Redanka remix of `` vertigo '' as a b-side , a powerhouse 7 minute anthem mix of the song .
 The world does not need another version of `` My Heart Will Go On . ''
 This is one of the most uninspired albums I 've ever heard . Maybe most of this material has been overexposed but John Tesh sounds like someone had to wake him up to finish most of these tunes . From the sickly sweet ` My Heart Will Go On ' to ` Everything I Do I Do It For You ' , most go from track to track and sound like one big selection . The only bright spot is the organ track on ` Tears In Heaven ' . John stick to albums like ` Sax By The Fire ' . zzzzZZZZZZ .
 This is the first John Tesh cd for me to buy and it will probably be the last , stay tuned . On this cd John does n't place himself in a position to really shine as a soloist . He uses guitar and some other electroinic sounds which keep his performanace at bay . I have grown accustomed to listing to soloist that can give command performances . This performance of Johns ' is a bit shy of what I would call a command performance.My advise to John would be to cultivate his performing skills more to where he could possibly become a great soloist . I know it is a lot harder to performn as a soloist , but these performance are more than worth all that hard work.I Can Not Recommend This Cd
 How can any of these people below me possibly say that this is a five star record . I listened to this as a JOKE , and it was n't funny . Soul-less renditions of rehashed music from movies that we are just sick and tired of -LRB- we meaning the moral majority -RRB- . I am beginning to think that these reviews mean nothing since there are too many five star and not enough of the truth -LRB- ** note to Amazon ** if this does n't get posted - then I know that John Tesh is paying you under the table for the reviews . We will see within the week . -RRB- But in all honesty , this is the worst John Tesh album , which makes is a pretty bad album altogether ...
 ... of the recording on Mercury , circa 1972 , of the quartet featuring Gerry Niewood on reeds and flute . This recording is out-of-print -LRB- I 've been looking for it on CD for over 5 years -RRB- which is a crime because to true jazz fans - as opposed to syrupy pseudo jazz - every note on every cut is right on the money . The band cooks and both Chuck and Gerry are in a zone . Gerry left the band shortly after , my guess is he did n't want to go in the direction Chuck was taking.Come on Mercury , reissue the Quartet recording ! Let people hear what Chuck can really do .
 ` Mr. Duality ' is as great a song as the BOBS ever did . Funny , clever , musically satisfying . Right up there with the 8 to 10 wonderful , memorable , passing-the-test-of-time hits they have on their first four albums -LRB- s/t , My I 'm Large , Songs for Tomorrow , Sing the Songs of -RRB- . This is their fifth album from 1993 . ` Naming the Band ' is like a notch below . Nice , fun , but not a bang up buster like they are capable of . Sweet.The rest of the songs just do n't hit the mark . I can hear them using similar methods , working on vocal harmony , clever lyrics , fun stories of uncommon subjects but they do n't come together even close to the greatness they accomplished on those other four albums , aside from the spectacular ` Mr. Duality ' . God bless 'em . chrisbct@hotmail.com
 I hear so much fuzz comparing their music to the Beatles . Do yourself a favor and dont ever repeat this . Im sorry to say this group doesnt even get near to PFR in quality of music . This cd is awful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 `` Check This Action '' is miles better . So is `` Open All Night , '' but that little gem is no longer commercially available . Root through the used CD racks and the cutout bins for it . I love the Leroi Bros. , but Crown Royale just does n't have the punch of its predecessors . The band sounds listless and the songs just are n't up to the band 's standards .
 did this album have anything worthy of review on it ? it must have really been a hurried album in the making , because brown can do better than this
 It just sounds like the Stone Roses . Vocally , that is . In the aptly titled Unfinished Monkey Business , Mr. Brown gives further creedence to the theory that the whole is greater than the sum of it 's parts , and the parts , when parted out , suck . Since we last saw the swaggering Stone Roses front man , we see he may or may not have learned how make use of a Casio keyboard -LRB- see track 12 -RRB- , he now practices some form of cool guy martial art -LRB- see jacket photos -RRB- , and probably just put this crap out 'cause he was running low on puss -LRB- personal assumption by me -RRB- . By track six , with some horrid female guest vocalist , any illusion that this record was worth half my 24.85 plus tax was blown . I wonder if they accept opened merchandise for returns .
 Ian Brown 's first solo album since the break-up of the StoneRoses contains four very good tracks , three average ones and the restare no more than fillers on this less than convincing LP . The great ` My Star ' was the debut single from the album and the reason why most people purchased this LP . It is a great atmospheric , spacey tune incorporating psychedelia , rock and dance most effectively leading you to believe that this album could be quite special indeed . ` Ca n't See Me ' brings you straight back to Manchester 's ` baggy ' era and the Stone Roses themselves , but is too limited to be anything special . The dragging ` Ice Cold Cube ' should do more than it does after introducing a potentially interesting verse . This is followed by the second of the very good tracks ` Sunshine ' . The appropriate acoustic guitar break and tabla added to the Dylanesque vocals and Lennonesque tune makes for a truly emotive song . The embarrasingly abysmall ` Lions ' is then followed by the third great song on the album - the twisted ` Corpses In Their Mouths ' which shows what Brown is capable of . It uses atmospheric bass and acoustic guitar that perfectly suit Brown 's eerie vocals and lyrics giving the track a jungle feel . Then follows the fourth and last good song on the album - the sublime ` What Happened To Ya ' . The Slide guitar and cracking gutsy vocals are wonderfully used against Brown 's simple but effective tune . -LRB- Whether it was necessary to do a Part 2 is debatable , although it was almost worth it just for Aziz Ibrahim 's Indian vocal segment -RRB- . The next two songs are nothing special and the title track to end with is absolutely pointless . This album has too much variable quality to be anything special but a few tracks show promise for Brown 's solo career .
 I was exploring the Paris Virgin Megastore and stumbled upon this . I thought to myself , `` Well , Silmarils was good , I wonder if this is good too ? '' I listened and for some reason liked it . When I brought it home to California , I took another listen to it . I was confused
 unless you are a big , big jonathan richman fan you can skip this cd . the sound quality of the cd is poor . it 's probably a cleaned up bootleg tape . that 's what it sounds like . the performance itself is out of tune and ragged -LRB- as ernie brooks ' cd booklet notes admit -RRB- . it 's beyond me how ANYONE could think this is richman 's best album . so , unless you are a BIG , BIG fan i 'd advise sticking to the MODERN LOVERS one great studio album -LRB- produced by john cale -RRB- . that 's without a doubt jonathan richman 's best album . `` JONATHAN SINGS ! '' from 1983 -LRB- with a very different modern lovers -RRB- is another great jonathan richman album -LRB- cd -RRB- . if you do n't have it , get that one instead of this . it 's jonathan 's second best .
 Its just music you know , made new whit different artists.The sound its fine , though its more acoustic than normal.Its the same color all the way trough the record.No new composing.Nothing new under the sun from dori caymmi
 Once again Grateful Dead Productions produces a release where the bonus material trumps the main body of work . Why not release all of the 1987 performance ?? The energy in Hey Pocky Way alone eclipses all of 6/16/90 . The bonus material shows the Dead full of energy , playing with zeal and having fun and this is what we love to SEE and seeing how this is a VIEW from the vault you would think that would play into what they choose to release . If you want to see the Grateful Dead as you remember them then this is worth it for the bonus material only . If you want to see the Grateful Dead as your friends or relatives who `` dont get it '' saw them , then watch the 1990 material .
 A decent setlist is ruined by a lackluster performance and a subpar audio/lead vox mic job . The jam/space bit is quite good , though . Caveat emptor ...
 What I want when I buy a CD of whale song is simply that
 This cd was a very good price and I feel now that I got what I paid for -LRB- 2.98 -RRB- and regret not having paid more for a better recording . I can hear mistakes in the repetition of the whale sounds and the whale sounds do not sound natural in rhythm . They seem to continue too frequently within a repeated loop . Also , there are some parts where a sound was started and then quickly stopped , then started again . With earphones on I am sensitive to these kinds of sounds and hear the mistakes . In addition , the surf is quite loud . That is fine , except that my mind is on the surf at that moment and then I hear deep water sounds of whales which take me to the deep sea . Am I on the beach or listening to whales in the sea ? For listeners who are especially critical , and want to hear convincingly natural sounds do n't bother buying this cd . For those who are not particular and just want to hear general `` sea sounds '' it might be ok for a good deal .
 I purchased this cd with the impression that I could use it to help me with falling asleep . However I was n't happy with the disc upon using it . It is the sounds of a whale , but it is on a roll , seemingly over and over again , the same sounds . I did n't feel it helped me at all !
 `` Check This Action '' is miles better . So is `` Open All Night , '' but that little gem is no longer commercially available . Root through the used CD racks and the cutout bins for it . I love the Leroi Bros. , but Crown Royale just does n't have the punch of its predecessors . The band sounds listless and the songs just are n't up to the band 's standards .
 Yeah this is a pretty bad album!I liked it when it came out but unlike Queen 's albums this one got old pretty fast.It sounds a lot like THE WORKS queen 's period-not the greatest either but...-without the magic and the inspiration.THE CROSS is a good rock and roll band and ROGER TAYLOR a great singer and composer but this album does n't reflect any of those qualities unlike Mad Bad and Dangerous to Know and Blue Rock -LRB- 2nd and third CROSS albums -RRB- Which are real cool energetic rock and not a pale copy of Queen .
 Roger formed The Cross during a `` down time '' in Queen 's recording schedule . This first offering is dismal.It relies heavily on weak , synth-like drum machines and samples -LRB- mostly of older Queen tunes . -RRB- The only track worth getting into is the original release of `` Heaven For Everyone '' -LRB- later redone by Queen . -RRB- This version , with Roger on lead vocals , is well done and is surprisingly close to the Queen version . There is a vocal bridge that I wish Queen would 've kept in and the song is done in the `` self help '' vain ... it begins with a soothing voice over with a man urging you to `` close your eyes and imagine soft , white clouds . . '' `` Love Lies Bleeding '' has a catchy guitar riff courtesy of guesting Brian May but all in all , this is Euro pop at it 's worst .
 by the way , i 've never listened to this album but being the queen fan that i am , i was searching around for solo albums to add to my collection . this review was not intended to give anyone a picture of what this album sounds like , i really ca n't tell you . however , boby being the AVID queen fan that he is can sure tell you . he knows every single piece of misinformation about queen , like the fact that roger taylor was lead vocals on the first nine albums . i do n't even know what to say to that . roger taylor may have been backing vocals on a select few tracks , but the job of lead vocals , my dear friend boby , was given to FREDDY MERCURY ! does that name ring a bell somewhere ? i 've looked at the first 9 albums queen made , and nowhere is roger taylor credited for his fabulous vocal powers singing backup . do n't get me wrong , the dude is a great drummer , but he DOESNT SING !!!! maybe on cross albums he does , but as far as the queen collection is concerned , i think you might have gotten a few things mixed up . go back to queen , queen ii , sheer heart attack , a night at the opera , a day at the races , news of the world , jazz , flash gordon , and the game and please list the songs in which taylor sings lead vocals , because i must have missed a few tracks here and there or something , and being the queen fan that i like to think of myself as , i 'd like to be corrected if i have the crazy wrong idea that freddy mercury was their only lead singer for their entire career , let alone the first 9 albums .
 unless you are a big , big jonathan richman fan you can skip this cd . the sound quality of the cd is poor . it 's probably a cleaned up bootleg tape . that 's what it sounds like . the performance itself is out of tune and ragged -LRB- as ernie brooks ' cd booklet notes admit -RRB- . it 's beyond me how ANYONE could think this is richman 's best album . so , unless you are a BIG , BIG fan i 'd advise sticking to the MODERN LOVERS one great studio album -LRB- produced by john cale -RRB- . that 's without a doubt jonathan richman 's best album . `` JONATHAN SINGS ! '' from 1983 -LRB- with a very different modern lovers -RRB- is another great jonathan richman album -LRB- cd -RRB- . if you do n't have it , get that one instead of this . it 's jonathan 's second best .
 I hoped this would be a challenging , exciting album , especially with the line-up -LRB- Konitz , DeJohnette , Holland , etc -RRB- . As it turns out , Satori is just a boring exercise in shapelessness . The standards here are supposed to be played conceptually , but the group plays like it had no idea what it was going to do prior to beginning . Any interesting musical ideas that pop up on the album are abandoned almost immediately in favor of wanking . Particularly atrocious is Marital Solal 's gross overplaying and lack of ability to listen to the other musicians . Further weakening the album is the poor sound quality , typical of 70 's jazz . Holland 's bass and DeJohnette 's drums sound thin and empty . This one belongs in the bargain bin .
 You ca n't find find a more enthusiastic Farlow fan than me , but I could n't wait for this CD to finish . All performers sounded very uninspired , almost as if they were playing the arrangements for the first time , and they probably were . The quality of the recording was atrocious -- it sounded as if it was recorded in somebody 's garage , with a cheap recording microphone placed far away from the group . This is as bad as it gets .
 I DO N'T KNOW WHAT WAS WORSE THE INFAMY ALBUM OR THIS ! O.K. WITH THIS ALBUM YOU DID N'T GET ANY RB JOINTS , BUT STIL THIS ALBUM LACKED SOMETHING.IT DID N'T HAVE THAT OLD MOBB FEEL EXCEPT : -LRB- 1 -RRB- THE INTRO , -LRB- 2 -RRB- TRACK 1-SO ... SO , & TRACK -LRB- 3 -RRB- , AND THE SWEETEST SONG ON THERE WAS `` I DO N'T GIV A ... '' I THINK THIS IS TRACK -LRB- 11 -RRB- , ANYWAY THE SAME DAY I BOUGHT IT , IS THE SAME DAY IT WENT BACK ... ON THE SHELF WHERE IT BELONGS ! ONEESKAEL
 I DO N'T KNOW WHAT WAS WORSE THE INFAMY ALBUM OR THIS ! O.K. WITH THIS ALBUM YOU DID N'T GET ANY RB JOINTS , BUT STIL THIS ALBUM LACKED SOMETHING.IT DID N'T HAVE THAT OLD MOBB FEEL EXCEPT : -LRB- 1 -RRB- THE INTRO , -LRB- 2 -RRB- TRACK 1-SO ... SO , & TRACK -LRB- 3 -RRB- , AND THE SWEETEST SONG ON THERE WAS `` WE DO N'T GIV A ... '' I THINK THIS IS TRACK -LRB- 11 -RRB- , ANYWAY THE SAME DAY I BOUGHT IT , IS THE SAME DAY IT WENT BACK ... ON THE SHELF WHERE IT BELONGS ! ONEESKAEL
 I am shocked by some of the reviews on this page I have read . This is a horable album and these brothas should never touch a mic again . There are some positives , if I can call anything about this album positive at all but I 'll name them afterwards . So , let 's start with the lyrics because the lyrics , in my mind are important . They have no lyrics , none of these cats and I mean none of them are any good with lyrics ... please ... how many times are these guys gon na talk about getting ... drunk ? These cats are just ... dealers gone rappers and not every dealer can do that . I understand that Mobb Deep is pretty much showing loyalty trying to bring their boys into the rap game but that is exactly how Master P messed up , yaw 'll real rap fans know where I 'm going with this.It 's a typical thugged out album where every rapper talks the same old thugged out garbage.When are we gon na grow up and stop admiring -LSB- weak -RSB- rap songs ? ... Now , the positive.These beats are what you would expect of an Infamous Mobb afiliate.The beats are deep , dark and grimy . I love that about this album , if I could take the lyrics out of this album and just keep it as an instrumental I would.That is the only good thing about this album and for anybody who loved this album you must be really sick minded and I feel sorry for you . This is a classic piece of garbage , I want to use another word but I ca n't . Do n't buy this album , it is a disappointment to Mobb Deep fans like myself everywhere .
 I thought , I bought a real new CD of VDGG `` World Record '' , but the jewel case was of such a bad quality that I think I got a good copy of the original CD . The CD it self has a small hole in the silver coating , wich just did not disturb the music . Somehow a CD you would expect from China , not from a country like the USA .
 I 'm afraid that this is the least favorite of my albums from Van Der Graaf Generator . As a fellow VDGG fan told me , the boys sounded like they simply ran out of ideas.Here 's the scoop ... 1 . When She ComesThis is a good tune . A hard driving punkish sound saves it , and Peter does an adequate job of screaming about a `` Belle Dame Sans Merci . `` 2 . Place To Survive , AThis is where things begin to unravel . The lyrics are noteworthy but the music is ill-suited to them . It is tedious and has no catchy hooks .3 . MasksThis almost reminds me of an earlier song , `` Killer , '' and indeed could have been just as intense , but it is too slow , the vocals too affected , and the interlude very boring .4 . Meurglys IIII hate this song . What we have here is two minutes of ideas inflated into 20 + minutes of tired repetition . The flaccid reggae jam at the end is especially noteworthy for its sedative properties . Insomoniacs might be glad to know it is not habit forming .5 . WonderingThis is a good composition by Banton , but ends in the `` Wondering , wondering ... '' refrain before anything is really made of the song.In summary ... 1 . The compositions are unsatisfactory . They sound unfinished . I notice that in some of VDGG 's songs , the band often comes dangerously close to playing a good riff to death . Well , they went overboard on this album and the riffs are not especially inspiring at that .2 . The band playing sounds tired . Guy Evans is barely there on the drums - just to keep time . David Jackson sounds like he wants to play something good on the sax but ultimately he is suffocated by the drab pieces thrown his way . Hugh Banton is obliging Hammill with the keyboard and nothing more.I do note that there were personnel changes after this album . Go figure . I give the album two stars because it is not entirely wretched but it 's getting there .
 I 'll admit it
 This is their 6th album -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . It 's not in the group of their first four albums that are simply stunning -LRB- s/t , My I 'm Large , Song for Tomorrow and Sing the Songs of -RRB- . I 've wondered why I do n't listen to this covers album of theirs as much as I do their first one . Well , it 's simply because they do n't get the groove thing going nearly as often here.Yes , ` White Room ' and ` Wind Cries Mary ' are marvelous . It helps that I 'm a huge fan of both those bands so hearing virtually any clever cover of them makes me happy and , in fact , these are the two strongest interpretations on the album . As is typical of the BOBS after their first four albums , there 's always something great on every album , problem is , this is about it here . ` Is That All There Is ? ' and ` Unchain My Heart ' are pleasant but unspectacular interpretations , that is , fairly predicable versions that do n't stray significantly from the original . Nice enough but nothing to swoon over and I 've swooned , despite being a hetero man , many a time over many of their unbelieveably great songs on those first four albums.The rest of the songs here just miss the mark . As is the case with all their albums numbers five through twelve -LRB- not counting the two best of compilations -RRB- most of the songs on those six albums are just not hits , not striking , not inspired . I find I never listen to those other songs . ` White Room ' and ` Wind Cries Mary ' are immenently listenable . The rest , really , just are a big notch below . chrisbct@hotmail.com
 Sort of like a sausage with a lot of ingredients thrown together but no mixture . leftovers from various artists all put in the same album . No coherence at all . Big band , small combosYes it 's Stan Getz and Miles Davis , but it 's NOT Stan Getz with Miles Davis . I would love to hear both of these artists playing together , that is n't what 's on this CD . Probably their egos were so big they could n't both be in the same room with each other .
 If you would like to fall asleep to the gentle sounds of the ocean , then this recording is NOT for you . Starting with soothing ocean waves , the listener is abruptly awaken about 15 min into the recording - awaken by some sort of loud , shrieking creature - I mean LOUD ! 25-30 min into the recording , the listener is surrounded by a gaggle of geese , trumpeting away with their disharmonious honking . Then , a bit of thunder - nice , but whatever ... Then the waves again ... No consistency . In all fairness to the producers of this gem , the recoding is great if you need only a quick power nap - you 'll be awaken within 15 min by that excruciating shrill !
 The calming waves in the beginning of the CD are perfect . Exactly what I was looking for . I was feeling relaxed and comfortable and was really enjoying it . Then the birds started . And then there were more birds . And more birds . And they drove me nuts ! Not sure how the rest of the CD is but I had to turn it off after what seemed like an eternity of annoying and sometimes harsh bird calls .
 I bought this CD hoping for peaceful shoreline sounds my infant could sleep to but was disappointed because after 20 minutes you do n't hear the ocean at all ; instead , it sounds like you 're in the amazon listening to the local bird population . To be honest after hitting the `` bird '' section I always started the CD over and never found out if we return to the coast . If you are looking for authentic nature sound effects this is nice , but if you want a white noise wave CD you should find something else .
 This CD was very dissappointing . I expected to hear gently crashing waves with a sea gull backround . I did n't hear any sea gulls and the waves sounded like they were crashing in a hurricane , very loud ... I had to turn it off after 15 minutes because it gave me a headache
 This CD was very dissappointing . I expected to hear gently crashing waves with a sea gull backround . I did n't hear any sea gulls and the waves sounded like they were crashing in a hurricane , very loud ... I had to turn it off after 15 minutes because it gave me a headache
 Oh , their finest hour , eh ? This album is so full of soulless and bland material , its sickening . I hate Pale Blue Eyes with a passion . Sheryl Crowe covered it , and really , I ca n't make out the difference ; both versions blow.Basically , the band was trying to make up for releasing an album as coked out as White Light/White Heat . If you like your Velvet Underground spineless , this album 's for you !
 It seems to me that a large part of Velvet Underground 's cult fame and mystique comes from the fact that these guys ca n't play well.Lou Reed ca n't sing worth a nickel . Period . He talk-sings his way through most songs , and when he does try to actually sing , it 's a pathetic attempt . Mo Tucker 's voice is also a joke on the song that she sings . The songs are all 2 or 3-chord repetition , the guitars are frequently out of tune , and Tucker ca n't keep a steady beat to save her life.So somehow , bands that -LRB- 1 -RRB- ca n't play , -LRB- 2 -RRB- sing about the sleazier side of life , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- get ignored -- sometimes rightly -- by the public , somehow these bands rise to legendary status . Makes you wonder where people 's values are .
 I was intrigued by many of the reviews of this album and bought it without being familiar with any of the cuts . Well , if this is their most accessible album , it 's hard to imagine what their others were like . Musically , this is absolute drivel . Perhaps if one was looking for poetry and can ignore the rudimentary vocals and the dearth of melody , it 's of some value . The musicianship is n't special , either . While listening to this , thoughts of slashing my wrists began to seem favorable in comparison . I ended up giving the CD to someone as a white elephant . The single star rating is only due to the lack of a `` zero '' option .
 this recording in no way does any justice to mother africa . she sings american songs , with american music and i found it to be a total and complete waste of time and money . a terrible disappointment .
 I would have enjoyed the music very much EXCEPT the audio quality was totally messed up . How can a product like this be released without some quality control ?
 Once again , Verve has botched up what could have been a great reissue -LRB- I was particularly looking forward to this one -RRB- by deleting two bonus tracks that were on the original Chess CD . By making consumers choose between less music and lower sound quality , the record company is insulting our intelligence . I am not likely to buy anything on the Verve label group for quite some time thanks to this fiasco .
 This is a dreadful ripoff of the Harry Potter Philosopher 's Stone soundtrack == I got it as a package with the sound track of Chamber of Secrets . It did n't occur to me that it would be a fifth rate non musical attempt to fly on someone else 's broomstick DO N'T GET IT
 I have had `` The Sorcerer 's Stone '' and `` The Chamber of Secrets '' original soundtracks for a very long while . And when I was at the store one day I spotted this soundtrack ... it looked different from the others I had , and I -LRB- being a huge Harry Potter fan -RRB- decided to get these CD 's . Okay ... BIG MISTAKE ! I 'm sorry , but this revision of the wonderful Harry Potter music from the original soundtracks is just horrible ! It sounds like the whole CD was played on a keyboard and not with real orchestral instruments . And the songs seem to repeat themselves over and over again just to make the whole CD last longer.Peice of advice
 only about 45 minutes . Only known material from the original soundtrack . Dissapointing
 Unlike his previous masterpieces , Harry Potter lacks the magic John Williams used to have .
 Please understand that this is NOT the orange Michael W. Smith Worship CD translated directly onto a DVD . This DVD is a compilation of the Worship and Worship Again CDs . Make sure you research the songs contained in this DVD , so you will not be disappointed , as I was .
 This DVD is disappointing to say the least . From the moment Michael enters the arena through the crowd I feel like I 'm watching carefully scripted theatre rather than worship to the King of Kings . The focus here is Michael W. Smith , `` Worship Artist '' . Michael appears stiff and very conscious of the cameras , his movements choreographed . The direction is average , lacking inspiration and repetitive . The only moment I felt my spirit engage was during Awesome God . If you want a truly amazing worship experience on DVD I suggest you avoid this . You 're better off buying Hillsong 's `` Blessed '' or Christian City Church , Oxford Falls ' new album `` Lift '' .
 Michael W. Smith the accomplished songwriter and ccm performer put out this worship video of popular worship songs.I have real mixed feelings on this one . I 'm not a huge fan of Michael W. Smith for various reasons but I originally saw it on christian tv which was an edited version with not all the songs on this dvd , and really like it . A great deal of this performance seemed rather contrived , I guess it was more of a performance than a worship service so that might account for some of it.There was too much posing going on and far too much screaming and applauding by the audience , it made it all look a bit like Michael was the one being worshipped . This is a common problem that needs to be dealt with . The entertainment cult of today -LRB- as I call it -RRB- has invaded the church to some degree . I believe in giving honour where honour is due but it get 's ridiculous on here . Listen carefully to the commentaries as well , they are entertaining often for the wrong reasons.Love the versions of `` above all '' , `` open the eyes of my heart '' and `` draw me close to you '' , prefer Hillsongs dvd 's or Paul Balouche 's new one though , far more worship of God going on on these ones . A couple of songs like `` let is rain '' and `` 40 '' were rather pointless and seemed to go on for a long time . Ironic considering the lyrics of 40 ! I do n't think anyone could cover U2 and do them justice though.Thanks for reading .
 Tiny Tim was in my opinion a very talented individual but his talent seems sorely lacking in this rather sad collection of Christmas songs . The less serious songs are fun and entertaining but the more traditional songs are about as enjoyable as a root canal without painkillers.If you want a Tiny Tim album get one of his better efforts such as Girl or the import God Bless Tiny Tim .
 My first experience with -LRB- in -RRB- Temptation was their latest album , `` Unforgiven '' . I loved just about everything about it , especially Sharon den Adel 's powerful vocals . As I often do ; if I really like an artist , I 'll pick up their entire back catalog , but it was a mistake , at least with this album . `` Mother Earth '' is very boring , without the rock influences of `` Unforgiven '' . But the worst part is Sharon 's voice . It sounds like she 's trying to imitate a fairy princess , and the music writing shares this influence . Top-notch instrumentals do n't begin to make up for this lack of verve . For those that like the Olde English swords and dragons vibe ; this is probably a great album , but it 's not for me .
 There 's little else to say that other reviewers here have not said already . The main problem with this album is that for the listener that expects gothic heavy metal , you 'll only get two or three gothic heavy metal songs and the rest is folk-song material with a slightly `` larger '' production . Think Loreena Mckennit . This is n't to say the music is bad , it 's just that what we get is n't what has been advertised to us . As far as the quality of music , the problem is lead singer Sharon den Adel . She sounds fine when the music is in her range , but the higher the register the worse she gets . Deceiver of Fools is especially difficult to listen to because the automatic double tracking makes her out-of-tune voice sound even more out of tune.But I gave this CD only two stars because of Sony 's patently terrible copy protection . Nine times out of ten the player you put your disc in ca n't play it well , and if you put it in your PC you will be commanded to install software . DO N'T DO THAT . Who knows what spyware Sony wants to pile on you ? Instad , download a program like VLC Player that can play the CD without extra software . The CD case itself warns that Macs and other non-PC systems ca n't play the CD , but VLC Player should play it.It 's a shame BMG saw fit to ruin this CD by putting their copy protection on it . It seems that it never occurred to them that doing so would make people not want to buy it .
 I 'll give you the bottom line up front . Sharon den Adel , the lead vocalist , while very talented is not not suited for this type of work . She is blatantly flat or sharp at varying aspects of Within Temptation 's songs including `` Mother Earth . '' They do not even have very catchy riffs . Do n't buy their album . If you like metal buy metal . If you like emo ... kill yourself . If you want to be rocked , either make your own music or find something that does not suck on the surface as well as below it .
 First , since I am reviewing this CD as a product , and not just the music on it , I only gave it one star . The reason for the bad rating is that this particular CD has copy protection on it , making it pretty much unplayable in EVERY player in my house -LRB- I only have DVD players not audio CD players . -RRB- On one of my players the disk was n't even recognized , and on my other two -LRB- standard home entertainment units -RRB- the audio tracks on the CD have very loud popping sounds that happen every second or so . The software that you install on Windows -LRB- and only Windows , no mac/linux love -RRB- which is suposed to allow you to play this disk on a computer , plays back HORRIBLE digital audio files that are on the disk along with the audio tracks . The sound quality of these files is roughly comparable to a full song -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- . mp3 that is only about 200K in size.Anyway , AFTER ripping the audio off of this crippled CD and reburning it I can now comment on the music itself -LRB- finally being able to play it on something that sounds decent . -RRB- All in all the music on this CD is ok . It gets a 3.5 from me . I LOVE the singers voice . And the first 3 songs , Mother Earth/Ice Queen/Our Farewell , on the album are absolutely incredible . The rest of the songs , however , are entirely too slow for my taste . Mostly consisting of a singer/piano duet , the rest of the album just lacks any lasting hook or impression . If you like the slower piano ballads then you will probably disagree with me.But , if like me , you like the faster tunes that are more in line with Nightwish , then I HIGHLY recomend their other album , Silent Force , over this one . Silent Force is an album packed with fantastic songs that I keep playing over and over and over . They are far more melodic , catchy , and powerful than what you will find on this CD.To sum things up , I would pass on this CD if the version you are thinking of getting has the copy protection on it . But , if it does n't , and you do n't mind only getting a few really good songs , this is a descent disk.As a some what ironic side note , I found out about these guys on gnutella -LRB- file sharing -RRB- and told several of my friends and family members about it . Five of us bought the CD . After seeing the copy protection 4 of us -LRB- I 'm the only one who kept it since I can get around the protection -RRB- returned the CD . So , `` Illegal '' file sharing got them 5 sales , and copy `` Protection '' cost them 4 .
 The only reason I got this album is because that beautiful song , `` Bittersweet '' is n't available anywhere but on this import . The rest of the songs are a screechfest of constant high-pitched singing , and after 4 songs of the same , my nerves started to fray . Some of the other stuff is too Goth to be likable for my tastes.To be fair , `` The Heart of Everything , '' their other album , is superior to this one . I enjoy hearing that one often.All in all , I instantly imagined Within Temptation to be the perfect music vehicle for any of Stephanie Meyer 's vampire romances .
 I purchased this CD only being familiar with the third track , Farewell . Sharon does a fantastic job on that song , but otherwise , her voice is just outright annoying ! I listened to the CD three times thinking I was n't giving Within Temptation a fair shake , but I could n't make myself like it ! There are two major elements that turned me against this band . First , Sharon tends to sound a great deal like Alanis Morrisett , very annoying for me ! Secondly , the music just sounds watered down , again , very annoying ! If you want a great female led band , then give Nightwish a shot . Purchase Nightwish 's Century Child , and you wo n't be disappointed ! Nightwish 's female vocalist , Tarja , has a beautiful voice , with a very powerful band backing her up !
 I gave this a 2 star rating because Sharon den Adel can not sing . This would be a perfect band if they found a new singer , this album is horrible with her . I thought she sounded decent on one song and she 's not that great on the first album either . She sings off key all the time -LRB- especially when she starts singing high -RRB- and I have no idea why this got such a good rating .
 UGHHH !!!!! THIS IS SO TERRIBLE ! STAY AWAY FROM THIS WHAT EVER YOU DO !!! ITS HORRIBLE !
 Gee - with all the hoopla DJ Empire generated with respect to this long-awaited Moroder tribute , one would have thought it would contain a set of killer remixes on 2 cds as advertised . I waited and waited for it to be released - then finally bought a copy only to be painfully dissapointed to discover it was a very expensive SINGLE CD , and what 's worse , all the cuts are short , seemingly edited versions rather than full-length remixed versions which most Moroder fans would have preferred anyway . Perhaps DJ Empire will get it right next time around . Until then , do n't waste your money on this expensive hype .
 I bought `` shores of the atlantic '' because I wanted soft ocean sounds to help me sleep . While the CD does contain ocean sounds , they are almost completely washed out by the constant nagging of the birds . Nearly the entire CD is this way -- what you hear are very loud and obnoxious birds that seem to be fighting over the garbage brought in by the last high tide . I recommend this CD for a good laugh .
 Barely 30 minutes long and surprisely tame , a major disappointment . This does NOT have Krupa 's big band , just a trio . If you have n't bought the studio Krupa/Rich album -LRB- 70 minutes long -RRB- , buy that . If you have that album and are looking for more , this ai n't it !
 Any drummer deprived of hearing this recording is likened to a person being deprived of his morning orange juice - forever . It is not all about the band - the crowd is wild - & the 2 drum solo / challanges on the recording are a must hear for every living musician & anyone else that can apreciate 7,543 ways to treat your snare drum with love .
 Can anyone say losers ? Hey Stevie is made up of two ego-maniacs who think they actually have a contribution to make to the world of popular music . Do yourselves a favor - if you 'd like to induce vomiting then swallow some Drano . It 'll be less painful than having to listen to this garbage .
 You got ta be sitting down for this hysterical disaster . Camp entertainment value is a solid 5 stars but as a serious work , it does n't even register a twinkle . Pascucci 's vocal histrionics rival those of Patty Duke 's as Neely . Best cut
 While it was an interesting idea to record the songs from `` Inside DaisyClover '' and `` Valley of the Dolls '' this was a real miss.David Pasucci lacks the range to pull this off . I 'm sure itwill be appearing in the bargin bin before it hits the shelfof your local record store.You 'd do better to get the Original Soundtrack album from `` Valley '' -LRB- now available on CD -RRB- or even a 1968 version by Patty Duke herselfreleased through United Artists called `` Patty Duke Sings Songsfrom Valley of the Dolls and other Selections '' which may be hard to find but it 's worth it .
 sorry it 's horrible ! the sound , the voice and all versions of daisy and valley of the dolls songs are completely lost ... it was a good idea to recorded again the andre previn songs but unfortunetly it 's a disaster in this case ! sorry for david pascucci but it 'll be beter to remove his CD from the music market . .
 Sort of like a sausage with a lot of ingredients thrown together but no mixture . leftovers from various artists all put in the same album . No coherence at all . Big band , small combosYes it 's Stan Getz and Miles Davis , but it 's NOT Stan Getz with Miles Davis . I would love to hear both of these artists playing together , that is n't what 's on this CD . Probably their egos were so big they could n't both be in the same room with each other .
 Rather lame . Not much to write about or listen to . Even the name was n't original , taken from the English 60 's Rock group - better to listen to ` Watercolour Days ' or ` Up Above our Heads ' by the original ` Clouds ' .
 I just bought 4 guitar christmas albums . I almost threw this out the window . Pure garbage . Do not waste your money on this .
 The sound and picture quality are terrible ! Looks and sounds like an amatuer video . It is a real shame that such a great man is portrayed in an awful DVD . Do n't buy this DVD . It is a waste of money .
 After giving this CD about 7 listens over the course of a couple weeks , I put it away probably for good . The melody he relies on through the first movement and several times thereafter is n't bad but it is n't much either . I also do n't like his use of the big clapping sound that was almost comically overdone as a backbeat in the 80 's . Vangelis at times uses some really cool drums which makes that cheap backbeat almost like a physical shock to hear - so out of place . In fairness , that might not have been the case when this soundtrack was first written , and it might not bother somone who does n't find it to be an 80 's new age cliche sound . I just expected more meat and potatoes from the guy who wrote the virtually unsurpassed soundtrack for Blade Runner ! Besides that clapping backbeat , the repetetive simple melody and some fluffy nice chord washes - I did n't find much there there ...
 This is simply my favourite CD.I listen to it almost every day , when I relax after A days work . When I visited Greenland last year , I listened to the Album , when I enjoyed the nature outside , and it completed my nature experience.I can warmly recommend this album to other , that love the Arctic , and Antarctic Nature .
 This is simply my favourite CD.I listen to it almost every day , when I relax after A days work . When I visited Greenland last year , I listened to the Album , when I enjoyed the nature outside , and it completed my nature experience.I can warmly recommend this album to other , that love the Arctic , and Antarctic Nature .
 No hab&iacute;a o&iacute;do casi nada de Vangelis . Tan solo lo que todo el mundo
 This 1955 effort for Prestige is marred for me by vocalizing on 2 tracks and rather loud congo playing from Candido on several others . Fortunately Bennie and Charlie Rouse returned to the studio several years later and recorded BACK ON THE SCENE for Blue Note . It is much the better of the two and is included in the 3 CD box set which gives you 5 LPs worth of music , including SOUL STIRRIN -- WALKIN AND TALKIN and more .
 this is NOT the Plush with Liam Hayes.it 's brain washy christian rock . so if you 're looking for the brilliant music of Mr. Hayes , do n't come here.On the other hand if you enjoy the Creed-like sounds of blind worship ... knock yourself out .
 This album is like vomit that is vomited in someones mouth digested , eaten and then vomited again . nuff said
 I had purchased this product thinking it would be the same as the title suggested . Instead I just got a unheard of CD titled Moonlight Piano -LRB- Hold the Readers Digest part -RRB- . In addition , I soon discovered that the seller had only sent me one of the 2 CDs and I still do n't know whether I would receive the second one . Do your homework carefully and buyer beware ! there are so many pitfalls out there ... so good luck!PJ
 I never rec 'd this . So I will have to give it a bad review .
 I understand that she is the big winner of American Idol , but does n't seem kind of silly to release a DVD with just 2 videos ? I see it enough of VH1 and it is all over the radio . I think that the company that put this out is just wanting more money from their money making machine ... To be honest , I would have waited until she had more videos under her belt . If that did not happen the company could have put her videos `` A Moment Like This and Before Your Love with all of her American Idol performances ... The same thing could be done for Justin too ... I saw this in the store one day and went `` Now what are they doing ? '' I am sorry , I would not waste 7 dollars on a DVD with just 2 videos on it ...
 These kids think they have the guts to sing such popular hits like `` Irreplacable '' and `` My Love '' ... Unfornately , they do n't . It 's a good thing that me and my sister do n't admire Kidz Bop.I rather hear The Soul Calibur characters singing the songs , instead ...
 ... that they even made it this far and to 11 . Seriously now , Kidz Bop has to stop ruining decent songs that a lot of people like . I 'm pretty sure that these 20something idiots that give this 4 or 5 song reviews have no taste in music . What even shocks me more is that this sold really well in it 's first week . You know the saying , IF IT AI N'T BROKEN , DO N'T FIX IT !
 I see this has `` Waiting on the World to Change . '' How long have these children been waiting ? since the Commercial break for Spongebob ? Yeech !!!!
 We hate Kidz Bop ! Kidz Bop is a stupid waste of time ! Most of the kids have n't even hit puberty yet ! A lot of these songs are intended for adults and NOT children ! They should n't even be singing them in the first place ! Please , no more Kidz Flop !
 I 'll make this short and sweet
 If you think Kidz Bop is kid friendly think again . I could put up with tone deaf kids singing kid songs . What makes the content of these songs kid friendly ? Just the fact that kids are on the tracks ? Take a closer look and listen to the lyrics and situations portrayed in these songs . I checked this one out at the public library , glad I did n't buy it . As soon as I saw Irreplaceable on it I raised an eyebrow . Some of the songs I was not familiar with , but I can definitely say that this is anything but a `` Kidz Bop '' no matter how cute they try to dress it up with the chorus of kids voices . Kidz Bop needs to take responsibility and truly make it kid appropriate .
 OMG ... `` Irreplacable '' & `` Lips of an Angel '' . Parents need to read the lyrics to these songs . These are songs with adult content . Man , they will sell anything to gullible parents.Marilyn Manson is more kid-friendly than this .
 OMG THEY KILLED IRREPLACEABLE !!!!! these lil brats cant sing in the first place . they should stick to bawling out their abc 's in the shower . but why must we sane people suffer through this CRUD ?!?!?! for all you sane haters , dont buy this . these songs have ADULT CONTENT in them . little kids need to stick to PBS KIDS , not MTV ! these songs go way 2 high for their voices . and the adults ? i think they used to be turture devices . honestly . if you dont believe me , buy it while i buy the real version.one more thing . the `` cute '' lil ` z ' at the end ? no .
 the songs are better by the real singers like to little to late by jojo is awesome but the kids ruin it . it ends tonight is better without the kids to get the radio disney cds instead .
 Kidz bop is so annoying . It is supposed to be child friendly hit songs sung by kids but the songs they choose are already kid friendly . These `` Kidz '' can not sing . This is annoying . It is a great way to ruin hit songs , I 'll admit to that . NO MORE KIDZ BOP PLEASE
 Wow , I dont belive they made it to eleven ! I mean its mind blowing.They ruin my favorite songs , make bad songs even worse , and they can not sing to save there lives!There are people who like kids bops music along with kevin federlines , and paris hiltons.Do not be one of those people , my dear reader , go and buy the music by the original artist , not kids bops sorry version .
 Think pop music is already bad ? Bored of the Buble/Timberlake/latest rapper with purposefully misspelled name ? Then this CD confirms the worst is yet to come.Most pop music is awful ... but when it 's sung by a children 's choir , it 's worse.Kelly Clarkson 's `` Walk away '' becomes a playground taunt , and the Fray 's `` Over my head '' , an emo indie rock song , becomes sappy.KT Tunstall 's famously annoying `` Black Horse & Cherry ; Tree '' gets an even worse cover by the Kidz Bop kids.John Mayer 's anthem about changing the world & bringing ; friends home from war gets slowed down & sugared ; up.Of course , the Kidz Bop kids also sing about adult issues-such as asking a troublesome boyfriend to stay the night -LRB- `` Too little , too late '' -RRB- , carrying on a romance in the public eye -LRB- `` A Public Affair '' -RRB- , and cheating on one 's girlfriend with one 's ex -LRB- `` Lips of an Angel '' -RRB- Yeah . . talk about kid friendly ... yeah right .
 Despite Featuring some great funk artists this is a really weak disk not even worth the two dollars .
 Perhaps I am insane , but can anyone explain how any of these songs/titles have ANYTHING at all to do with either the book or the movie ?? I have gone to several sites & the same songs are listed with this album . I just do n't get it . `` who let the dogs out !!??? `` Can anyone explain how these songs have anything to do with John Williams or fantasy themes ? One review on another site talked about John Williams being a big composer of fantasy themes , but it just does n't fit . The sounds clips are the original versions of the songs . They are n't adapted to sound like fantasy type music . Has anyone found any sort of place that explains all of these songs or why they are on a CD with the words `` Harry Potter ? '' ... and what 's with the Philosopher 's stone instead of Sorcerer 's Stone ? Did I miss something or does the book have a different title in other parts of the world?Very perplexing .
 There are two things to point out first about this CD.First it is an IMPORT . This means it came from outside the US . Second , the first Harry Potter book 's original British title was `` Harry Potter and The Philosopher 's Stone '' -LRB- as was the Internation English movie title -RRB- . The title was changed when J.K. Rowling sold the rights to Scolastic for US release.The next important thing to note , the songs that are included . If you search the web , you will find that most of the movies listed were released the same year -LRB- the rest seem to be 2000 -RRB- . This is the connection.I find this to be an interesting way to package some good music from multiple venues in one place . However , I definately see where it would be confusing for someone who is ONLY looking for music from the first Harry Potter movie . If this is what you are looking for , you may be disappointed .
 What is this ? Is this a real title ?
 i must warn the listeners the volume of this cd is very low . you will have to turn your stereo up very loud to listen . then be careful to turn back down . before playing next cd . pity rounder wo n't remaster this cd for some better sound because the music itself is excellent .
 Well i was given this Cd by a friend and i understand why he was so eager to give it away.I dont know maybe some people are into this but this aint my style.There are a couple decent tracks on here but the vocals just dont do it for me .
 Seems like it is one sound on a loop . Not as relaxing as i had hoped . Kind of annoying , so i listened to about 3 times .
 But this album is n't . I 'd HIGHLY recomend listening to this album at a record store before buying it . Simply put , I was very dissapointed .
 this is just a compilation album put together by fc kahuna . kinda sorta alright if you like this kind of music and are interested in hearing their influences/peers . personally , i do n't usually like this kind of music and fc kahuna is just an exception , so , this is album is pretty , you know , meh ...
 Another Fine Mess says it all really - disappointingI enjoyed the first album ` Machine Says Yes ' .
 I wish that I could give this cd a good review , but I ca n't because they sent the wrong cd in the case .
 The Ying Yang Twins definitely are n't one of my favorite rap groups . Sure , they can make a few stupid songs like `` Say I Yi Yi '' that get radio and videoplay for awhile , but as far as a really good album , no they ca n't do that . I 'm giving this album 2 stars because it has `` Say I Yi Yi '' and `` By Myself '' which are hits that were enjoyable for a few minutes . This album might really be worth a dollar , but thats being generous . If you enjoy listening to a group of people who want to make noise instead of music , then this is for you . If you want good rap music , then go pick up Tupac 's greatest hits .
 I should of written these years ago . They are wack , plain and simple . If it 's on MTV or VH1 , you know it 's commercial . They ca n't rap , they are just another of the Down south 's ABC rappers .
 Did anyone ASK for a return of the Ying Yang Twins ? If you do n't know who they are , consider yourself lucky . Anyway , they released a song back in 2000 called `` Whistle While You Twurk , '' a song that nobody in their right mind would like -LRB- so of course it was # 1 on The BOX -RRB- . Now they came back for a repeat with Alley.This album is nothing new . It sounds like the kind of album you 'd see advertised on any bus shelter or telephone pole in downtown Milwaukee , Chicago or New York . The intro , called `` Playahatian '' -LRB- that 's a new one -RRB- , is one of those things where you have people dissing the group , but after hearing the rest of this album , you 'll probably find yourself agreeing with the disses . There are the usual you-can ` t-F-with-me tracks -LRB- `` Drop Like This 2001 '' , `` Huff Puff '' -RRB- , as well as uncreative-inventive slang -LRB- the title track -RRB- . There are also ridiculous sex songs like `` Hunchin ' '' , `` Twurkulator '' , `` Tongue Bath '' and `` Say I Yi Yi '' ... especially `` Tongue Bath '' , which the Twins are hardly even in , but it 's bad nonetheless . It features assorted female MCs spitting very bland lyrics , and it 's backed up by some guys that sound like they did n't quite make the cut for Public Announcement.Also found on this album is very sloppy production . The music to `` Twurkulator '' is almost identical to the music to Juvenile 's `` Back That Thing Up '' . But the most puzzling thing about this whole album is , Why is `` Say I Yi Yi '' on here TWICE ? I thought that maybe the second one would be a remix or something , but it 's actually the same song ! Then there 's the unnecessary `` Credits '' , which is just a smooth two-minute instrumental . But you know what the sad thing is ? That 's the best song on the album.Of course there has to be a posse cut on here somewhere . `` ATL Eternally '' features Lil ' Jon and the Eastside Boyz AND Pastor Troy . You ca n't even tell the difference between Troy and any member of Lil ' Jon 's crew , much less the difference between either of the Ying Yang Twins . But after hearing this song , I doubt that anybody will even care.The only thing people will really remember about all this is that the guy that does most of the rapping sounds like a cross between Xzibit and Beenie Man . Not only is this album not worth borrowing , it 's not even worth downloading . Do n't waste your time .
 This CD gets a bad rap which I feel is unfair . Accept is one of my favorite bands , so I would have really liked to give this a higher rating than a 2 star , I would have probably given a 2 and a half but they do n't have half star ratings . I 'm a rebel is a huge leap forward from the self-titled debut . The title song `` I 'm A Rebel '' is truly excellant and is the highlight of the CD . There is also another fantastic song on here sung by the bass player , the song is called `` The King '' and it reminds me both musically and lyrically of classic Dio fronted Rainbow.Unfortunately I could n't rate it higher because it is just too unbalanced . You can definitely hear the ` classic ' Accept sound on songs like I 'm A Rebel , China Lady , and Do It but you can also tell the band is still trying to find it 's sound.The Pros - If you are an Accept fan , you need this for your collection . It has the beginnings of the classic sound . I 'm A Rebel , China Lady , The King , Do It.It even has some cool disco style bass riffs -LRB- trust me , it works -RRB- on Save Us and I Wan na Be No HeroThe Cons - It just feels a little unbalanced . The production is n't very good eitherThe Bottom Line - If you are a fan of Accept , definitely pick this up , the title cut and The King make it worthwhile . However , if you are new to Accept start with the classics `` Breaker '' and `` Balls To The Wall '' Donutman says so !
 Great cover , but that 's it . Nothing electrifying or rising above decent and `` nice try '' status . Get the 1st LP and continue with BREAKER on . A cute record if nothing else .
 This is BY FAR the worst Rainbow album . With the exception of `` Street of Dreams '' and `` Ca n't Let You Go '' , this album is a complete throwaway . This shows a group that is completely bereft of ideas , both musically and lyrically . Blackmore 's guitar playing has rarely been more mediocre and the lyrics sound recycled and stale . It sounds as if very little time was spent making this album ; like it took about 30 seconds to write each song . It is not surprising that Rainbow broke up after making this ; there was obviously nothing left for them to do .
 I dont ` know how it happen , but Blackmore allowed singer Joe Lynn Turner to take complete control of the song 's themes , and we Rainbow fans were obligued to hear lousy tittles as `` Ca n't let YOu Go '' , and other titles that seem more like Poison . Turner always wanted to sing this horrible lyrics -LRB- he did it again when singing for Malmsteen in `` Odyssey '' -RRB- . Sad !
 I 've been trying to collect the Kool & the Gang discography on CD , and let me say the West Germany made , early CD issue of `` In The Heart '' sounds horrendous . No high end , muffled , and very low volume.I ca n't speak for any other versions if there are any out there . If I was a Kool collector I would wait till this is remastered , or , if you do n't want to wait forever , pick up a nice vinyl copy .
 Just Add Water is an average album with suga free doing what a cool west coast rapper should be doing is making the typical commercial west coast songs , although some featuring snoop dogg were good , but the rest is just over the top predictableness and overrated lyrics.Although it does have a nice premise , but the album is confusedThumbs Down .
 False Advertising . There is barely any thunder . If I counted correctly , thunder can be heard a total of three times . The CD should be retitled `` Sounds of the Sea -LRB- with a Rumble of Thunder Every Twenty Minutes -RRB- . '' I already own a Sounds of the Sea CD , so this purchase was a complete waste of money .
 Be aware that this is new cover for Maya
 This 1955 effort for Prestige is marred for me by vocalizing on 2 tracks and rather loud congo playing from Candido on several others . Fortunately Bennie and Charlie Rouse returned to the studio several years later and recorded BACK ON THE SCENE for Blue Note . It is much the better of the two and is included in the 3 CD box set which gives you 5 LPs worth of music , including SOUL STIRRIN -- WALKIN AND TALKIN and more .
 I DO N'T KNOW WHAT WAS WORSE THE INFAMY ALBUM OR THIS ! O.K. WITH THIS ALBUM YOU DID N'T GET ANY RB JOINTS , BUT STIL THIS ALBUM LACKED SOMETHING.IT DID N'T HAVE THAT OLD MOBB FEEL EXCEPT : -LRB- 1 -RRB- THE INTRO , -LRB- 2 -RRB- TRACK 1-SO ... SO , & TRACK -LRB- 3 -RRB- , AND THE SWEETEST SONG ON THERE WAS `` I DO N'T GIV A ... '' I THINK THIS IS TRACK -LRB- 11 -RRB- , ANYWAY THE SAME DAY I BOUGHT IT , IS THE SAME DAY IT WENT BACK ... ON THE SHELF WHERE IT BELONGS ! ONEESKAEL
 I DO N'T KNOW WHAT WAS WORSE THE INFAMY ALBUM OR THIS ! O.K. WITH THIS ALBUM YOU DID N'T GET ANY RB JOINTS , BUT STIL THIS ALBUM LACKED SOMETHING.IT DID N'T HAVE THAT OLD MOBB FEEL EXCEPT : -LRB- 1 -RRB- THE INTRO , -LRB- 2 -RRB- TRACK 1-SO ... SO , & TRACK -LRB- 3 -RRB- , AND THE SWEETEST SONG ON THERE WAS `` WE DO N'T GIV A ... '' I THINK THIS IS TRACK -LRB- 11 -RRB- , ANYWAY THE SAME DAY I BOUGHT IT , IS THE SAME DAY IT WENT BACK ... ON THE SHELF WHERE IT BELONGS ! ONEESKAEL
 I am shocked by some of the reviews on this page I have read . This is a horable album and these brothas should never touch a mic again . There are some positives , if I can call anything about this album positive at all but I 'll name them afterwards . So , let 's start with the lyrics because the lyrics , in my mind are important . They have no lyrics , none of these cats and I mean none of them are any good with lyrics ... please ... how many times are these guys gon na talk about getting ... drunk ? These cats are just ... dealers gone rappers and not every dealer can do that . I understand that Mobb Deep is pretty much showing loyalty trying to bring their boys into the rap game but that is exactly how Master P messed up , yaw 'll real rap fans know where I 'm going with this.It 's a typical thugged out album where every rapper talks the same old thugged out garbage.When are we gon na grow up and stop admiring -LSB- weak -RSB- rap songs ? ... Now , the positive.These beats are what you would expect of an Infamous Mobb afiliate.The beats are deep , dark and grimy . I love that about this album , if I could take the lyrics out of this album and just keep it as an instrumental I would.That is the only good thing about this album and for anybody who loved this album you must be really sick minded and I feel sorry for you . This is a classic piece of garbage , I want to use another word but I ca n't . Do n't buy this album , it is a disappointment to Mobb Deep fans like myself everywhere .
 Mr. Jamie Findlay is a very good acoustic guitarist , but this video lack basic teaching of finger picking that is needed for this video to be called an instructional video .
 This is Goldie Hawn 's only album , from 1972 . It 's not very good . She can carry a tune -LRB- barely -RRB- , but has a small , unimpressive singing voice . The material here is performed in a few different styles . There are country songs , easy listening songs and -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- a vaudeville song . It 's all rather boring , and only collectors of bad celebrity album will want to pick this one up .
 For me , this cd is only a historical moment , that preceeded the great days of that great group , The Cream ! The recorded quality was very poor , not emotionally work!It 's only !
 At this point in his career , I have no idea why Miles Davis was playing at all , except perhaps to make money . There 's not a single composition on here that 's worth hearing ; hell , there 's hardly anything on here that you 'll remember five minutes after the CD is done . Sterile and brainless , this is perfectly representative of the albums he made up until his death . Miles , to be honest , is just going through the motions here . He did n't care about this album , and neither should you.Particular bile goes to the production , which is perfectly harsh and antiseptic , very 80s and very annoying.Overall , this is something no one should inflict on themselves , especially a Miles Davis fan . He had lost it completely by this point .
 Miles ' first studio album after a six-year retirement -LRB- though he had previously released the live double We Want Miles -RRB- is essentially an attempt to jump on the trends - this is more of an '80s funk record than a jazz album , especially displayed on the title track , with grating if smoothly delivered vocals . Which means this is mainly ponderous and trivial - take the extended `` Back Seat Betty '' , which makes use of '80s guitar . Hide me . And too much of it is that insulting style we call jazz-pop which brought Kenny G. success - take `` Aida '' or `` Shout '' . Not a stain on Miles ' career , thanks to deep , lengthy grooves `` Fat Time '' and `` Ursula '' . But one of his least creative .
 Also known as his 1981 `` comeback '' album -LRB- his first recording in 6 years -RRB- , Miles shows a lot of rust in his playing , and most of the songs indicate he 's uncertain as to whether to go for a vintage ' 70 's `` Get Up With It '' style or widen the appeal with forgettable pop songs.Only the opening tune `` Fat Time '' sounds assured . On that track , Mike Stern rips loose an incredible rock guitar solo that ebbs and flows perfectly , with Miller and Foster seeming to egg him on with strong support on bass and drums . Miles ' muted horn before and after sounds a little weak , but provides a nice balance to Stern 's fire.If you pay full price for this CD , avoid buyer 's remorse by not letting the CD player go past track 1 . Miles does n't fully come back until `` Star People '' a couple of years later .
 the disc starts off on a groove then it goes down hill.the vibe is lost and never picks back up again.The 5 year lay-off seems to have had a Impact on Miles.he was Hit & miss through out the 80 's . The Funk of the 70 's was Drowned out by the Synth & drum Machines of the 80 's .
 Sorry - I do n't really like this album . It sounds like 80s elevator jazz . If you want to hear some kickin ' versions of some of these songs , get We Want Miles .
 This was my first Miles Davis album I ever bought . I bought it when it came out , and I thought it was really good at the time . It reminds me when you date someone when you 're young , and since you have no experience , you think that first person is awesome . Well , then , you get away from them and realise that they 're pretty damn lame and there 's a hell of a lot better out there . Time has not been kind to this album . If it was the work of someone else , it might be good . But considered it 's an album by arguably the greatest jazz musician ever , it 's immensely disappointing , especially when you compare it to anything before it.There are some good things about it . The opener , Fat Time , has a killer guitar solo by Mike Stern -LRB- Miles 's taste in sidemen was still uncanny here -RRB- . Aida is a great track -LRB- even though there 's a live version called Fast Track off the We Want Miles album that takes the Aida riff and makes it even better -RRB- . But those two are the only good tracks off this album . Back Seat Betty is a crappy song and a crappy title . Ursula is n't bad , but it 's not particularly memorable . The two worst songs here are Shout and the title track . Shout sounds like slick , 80 's , AOR `` jazz '' , and the title track has a horrible lead vocal -LRB- and even worse lyrics -RRB- . The title track is especially embarrassing with a pedestrian tune and lethargic playing.I do n't have any nostalgic leanings here . Every Miles album I got after this was an improvement . This is not a particularly good album , especially when compared to ANYTHING else Miles did . I 'll take On the Corner , Get Up With It , B. Brew , or Nefertiti over this anyday . I 'll even take Kind of Blue -LRB- which is kind of good -RRB- . Some have said this was the best studio album of Davis 's 80 's output , which does n't bode well for anything else he did in that decade . Go spin some Kind of Blue or B. Brew instead .
 All 10 of the songs come from Stone Cold Rhymin ' , and the CD does n't even take the best 10 songs from the album . This CD is an absolute waste of money . Get Stone Cold Rhymin ' instead .
 Some selections in this album are interesting , but for the most part , we did n't care for it . There is very little melody . We would classify this album as `` experimental '' music . I 'm sure these pieces are hard to play on the mandolin , but the results are not particularly pleasant to listen to .
 Yes Steve Wariner is a masterful guitar player but it was excruciating listing to this album knowing that I would n't be hearing his wonderful voice -LRB- except for one song -RRB- . I love Steve Wariner as a music talent and he should never put out an album again unless he plans to sing too . I have to admit that many of the instumentals are soothing but it just was n't the same without him singing .
 After forty year 's of trying to figure out how anyone listened to these guys without first ingesting illegal substances , I give up.This is the most painful 79 minutes a human could endure without a waterboard ... no one in the band can sing , the lyrics are awful , and it never occurs to anyone to play in the same key or time signature as anyone else . If five drunk chimpanzees formed a rock band , this would be the result.Punish your teenager by making them listen to this album while sober . Explain that they are hearing what drugs do to the brain .
 Sorry I ca n't get into this or any other jam band for that matter . However , I did listen to this in its entirety a while back . The music meanders for a bit and then a few minutes into it Jerry Garcia decides to sing . It continues in this fashion for the rest of the album . This is signaled out as one of their best albums but still . The Dead were fans of Coltrane and admitted his influence -LRB- so did the Byrds but Eight Miles High is a classic song -RRB- but could n't really absorb the aspects of jazz fusion in the way that say , Hendrix did . Basically you get a series of unfocused jams that wear you out . You kind of forget where the song goes and eventually the band remembers to return to the theme . The scary thing was how influential the Dead and this album were . If you 're a deadhead , I doubt you will be swayed by this review but if you 're not buy any 70 's Miles album or Jimi Hendrix official concert albums and see that Live/Dead ca n't live up to its musical contemporaries .
 The Dead 's popularity has eluded and confounded me for decades . Lots of folks I like and respect love the band , such has Village Voice critic Robert Christgau , and it was because of his Consumer Guide review that I gave this live album a listen . But like wow man . The fact that nobody in the band can carry a tune or that the lyrics are bereft of a single coherent thought , pales next to the realization that the muscianship is one long guitar -LRB- s -RRB- noodle with background drumming that seems to be following its own talentless path . It 's like bad jazz played by deaf people . The audience , when you can hear them , sound stoned ... which is apparantly the only way one can appreciate this music . Around this same time or a little after , CCR recorded a song called `` Ramble Tamble '' that outjams , rocks , and otherwise destroys anything on this disc . And they do it in seven minutes ! The evidence on this record confirms my belief that , along with The Doors , The Grateful Dead are the most overrated rock band of the period . All you young ones that do n't know any better , stick with the Stones and The Velvet Underground . You 'll be better off .
 If anyone ever tells you that rock musicians are n't self-serious , self-serving , pretentious , annoying people who consider themselves gods because they can play an instrument , hand them this album and say , `` Well , some do . `` The music on this album is frightfully loose , often reaching the level of complete noise ; non-music . Can you really listen to `` Feedback '' and tell me with a straight face it will `` change my life ? '' And though `` Black Star '' reaches a point of being interesting at the `` chorus , '' the point quickly passes into 15 minutes of pointless , weak , guitar noodling played as though no one was listening , which for a long time was true . The balance of material is also poor . Most of the album is a fluffy , meandering mess , rudely interrupted by annoying pop tunes ; `` St. Steven , '' for example . But we have n't even approached the best part ... If you have the new SACD version , turn the album off and take the liner notes out . -LRB- If you have an older version , just turn the album off . -RRB- Lenny Kaye writes what is perhaps the most self-praising , ornate , ostentatious review of an album and band in rock history , -LRB- and I read all 100 of Rolling Stone 's `` Greatest Artists of all time '' pieces . -RRB- Kaye , in a few short pages , becomes the poster boy for rock 's messianic complex . He goes into some detail about the show 's importance and the album 's relevance in rock 's vast cannon , and how he , being the token , highly skilled , intelligent ROCK MAGAZINE CRITIC was able to organize the album 's greatness into his highly developed brain . He `` got '' it , friends . He then made the brave , prophetic prediction that rock 's soul-saving future would be fulfilled where the Grateful Dead 's `` Live Dead '' left off in a mere five years . He then proclaims he was off by only one year . Through unbaised , randomized double-blind , peer reviewed clinical tests , he proves his proclamation by revealing the album that changed everything , bringing humanity everything but salvation -- `` Horses . '' So what band created this undeniable masterpiece of the finest quality of art ? Why , his own of course !!! Sorry , dude , but if you have to convince everyone of how important you are , you 're probably * gasp * not all that important . By last count , there were three types of people in the entire world that still listens to `` Horses ; '' chin-stroking critics , college burnouts , and Lenny Kaye.Overall
 Okay , I 'm not some ADD-induced kid complaining about how all songs should be between two and four minutes . I quite like jammming , when it 's done right - I am , after all , a fan of Pink Floyd , the Allman Brothers Band , Jimi Hendrix , Cream and several jazz artists . But the Dead do n't have the chops of any of them . Other than Jerry Garcia . He 's an impressive guitarist . But he ca n't save this from being excessive . The Allmans would 've smoked Turn on Your Lovelight , but under the Dead it 's just a turgid , feel-good quarter-hour blues jam . And jamming the hell out of everything does n't suit The Eleven or Feedback -LRB- nine minutes of feedback - what was the purpose of THAT ? -RRB- I like bits of Dark Star -LRB- I think in this incarnation it 's the Dead 's signature song -RRB- , and I certainly enjoy the way it rises and falls , but they could 've played it in seven or eight minutes rather than dragging it out to past twenty . To draw another Allmans comparison , Mountain Jam is even LONGER -LRB- 33:39 ! -RRB- , and I love every minute of it.While I do dig Garcia 's blues guitar on Death Do n't Have No Mercy -LRB- that 's one dynamic guitar solo ! -RRB- , you have to sit through the awful three-minute croaked vocal section to get to it , and when it ends , you get MORE CROAKING ! Why could n't it just been a solo feature for Jerry ? That I would 've certainly enjoyed.The one entire song I like here , then , is St. Steven . Damn and a bucket of fries -LRB- for what 's a damn without a bucket of fries on the side ? -RRB- , that 's a killer song . It 's a rocker singalong gospel rave-up ... sweet . Easily my favorite . Easily . But too much of this just strikes me as aimless ... I know this is a nominal classic , but I prefer several other jam-oriented releases . Now , to me the Dead stand out as a country-folk band , the band who made American Beauty and Workingman 's Dead . That 's good stuff . They were not , in my mind , cut out to be a jam band .
 ... The first CD in this 2 disc set features early recording sessions of the Dead that did not make it to record . It was from recording session before they got the contract with Warner Brothers.Most of the songs on the first CD ended up on the Dead 's later albums . The versions that got released are much better than what is here . Many songs are repeated twice , once as an instrumental and then repeated with the vocal tracks laid down . There are other songs on this CD that were never released , mainly because they were not good enough to be released.The first CD ends up being an interesting artifact , showing the Dead as it was evolving into a real group . It makes a nice bonus disc to a boxset . But , it is n't worth buying on its own . You would n't want to play it repeatedly.The second disc is early live recordings of unknown origin . It starts out with Viola Lee Blues . It is the umpteenth live version of Viola Lee Blues , and all the others are better.There are some great tracks on the second disc . These are live songs that the Dead has never played again . It is the one thing of value on this album . Well played songs that are not available anywhere else . But , there are not enough of them to warrent buying this.With a bazillion other Dead CD 's available , this would be one of my last choices .
 I bought this cd because it was the only one the store had under `` Joseph '' , so I brought it home and listened to it . It was horrible ! The Narrator 's voice is way too high and shrill and you ca n't even hear the beauty of the music . All the songs are like that , the actor 's voices are terrible . if you want the best version of Joseph , buy the 1982 original BW cast . Believe me , it 's worth it . Do n't waste your money like I did on this version , it 's the only Broadway album I 've ever had to give away . Bleh !
 If you like good singing and good voices , this may be the CD for you . If , however , you like Broadway cast recordings for the acting and emotions , you might want to skip this . If this were my first introduction to this play , I 'd no doubt wonder what all the excitment was about . Everything is a little too `` bubble gum '' for my taste . Very little emotion can be felt in the singing . Robert Torti as Pharoah is about the only standout.If you want good acting with your singing , try the video tape version . It has much more depth of sound and feeling than this one .
 Why did they have to ruin this show by making this recording ? If you are considering buying it - DEFINATELY get original cast . They -LRB- for some reason -RRB- decided to put the show to a be-bop style and rap a few lyrics here and there . It does n't suit this wonderful work of art . The female narrator made me want to throw a tennis ball in her mouth to make her shutup ! The original male narrator is very good and they should have have never changed it for recent productions . The female is like fingernails on a chalkboard in my opinion . If you are an ALW fan - Joseph is a must for your cd collection but not this recording - skip it !!!!
 if you are looking for a cd of joseph ... then this may be the one for you ... or maybe not . Michael Damien is hardly passes for a decent Joseph . His voice is extreemly `` breathy '' and lacks all quality and tone that Joseph is meant to have . However , his performance is compensated by Kelli Rabke -LRB- The narrator -RRB- who delivers a stunning performance . If you are interrested in the cd for listening to the narrator that by all means go for it , but if you want to have it for joseph than look somewhere else . While it does not take much to surpass Damien 's performance , Donny Osmand does a good job . However , his `` pop-singer '' voice tends to be an extreem bother to a trained singers ears . He has all the technique of a boys band -LRB- not much -RRB- . However , some do tend to like him and his type of singing and if so thank knock your socks off . My recomondation if one is to buy a cd of `` Joseph ... '' would be to go with the original broadway cast . Laurie Beachman is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- the best narrator who has ever sung the part . While her voice is somewhat an `` acquired taste '' and may take some time to appriciate the time it takes is absolutly worth it . Her voice is best compared to a young Betty Buckley . Beechman bealts this role , with her increadible vocal power , and brings the essence that this role requires . She shines out all the other narrators on these cd 's . Bill Hutton is a superb Joseph as well . He has ability that Damien and Osmond lackto make this role what it is . While he may not have the largest voice , it is a beautiful one and -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- give the best portrail or Joseph . I believe that The original Broadway cast is the ideal recording of `` Joseph ... '' for the true music conniseur . But the others are still enjoyable -LRB- at least when Michael Damien is not singing -RRB- . Happy hunting everyone .
 All 10 of the songs come from Stone Cold Rhymin ' , and the CD does n't even take the best 10 songs from the album . This CD is an absolute waste of money . Get Stone Cold Rhymin ' instead .
 `` discerning social gathering wants & expects to hear ... '' `` the sophisticated private domain for the well-heeled , uber cool society ... `` Please do n't buy it ... The music contains full of pretentious French lyrics and the beat is flat . It runs on and on again ... It is really boring music . I think the dj tried so hard to be in the scene and he impresses no one at the end .
 Why would anyone want to listen to these awful tunes alone , without the movie ? They 're funny within the context of the film , but rather pointless without it . Hearing a rotten -LRB- but admittedly hilarious -RRB- item like `` Sex Farm Woman '' in stereo sound along with the movie is rather painful in itself . But take away the dialogue and you have a doubly -LRB- dubly ? dolby ? -RRB- bad tune . Ha ha to the woman reviewer who also gave this one star who did n't get the joke of the movie at all .
 A man I met -LRB- purely by accident -RRB- suggested I purchase this CD - so I thought I 'd try it . I guess the joke was on me . I mean , this was more of the same-old , except taken to the extreeeeem ! These `` men '' think they are God 's gift , the whole time putting down anything without a 10 '' `` love prong '' Who do they think they 're fooling ? These are scared little boys - with large guitars -LRB- and that 's about it -RRB- . `` Working '' on a Sex-Farm ? I 'm sorry but I -LRB- nor any woman I know -RRB- wants to be `` plowed like a bean-field '' or `` stuck with -LSB- his -RSB- pitch-fork '' !!! I even heard -LRB- the usually acceptable -RRB- Rob Riener made a movie about these perverts ! Is the whole male world going crazy ?
 I was one of the 6 people in the theatre when this movie came out in 1984 . I wish i had gone in for root canal that night instead . this movie could only be described as hatred . not of any band in particular , but of anyone who believes in themselves , and sticks with it . sorry to rain on your parade . but this really -LRB- -RRB- . PS it does not deserve any stars , but we are not given that optoin .
 This is a reissue of a 1987 CD remastered , and in Dolby surround . When I bought it I thought it was familiar , but wondered why it was n't in my collection . Within a few minutes of starting it , I remembered why . I had the original CD but got rid of it.The problem is not with compositions themselves , which are superb , but rather with the presentation and arrangements . Simply put , it seems like the arrangements were n't really thought out with the music in mind , and the motto was , `` when in doubt , hit 'em with bombast '' . Take for example , the `` Television Themes '' medley . `` The Man from U.N.C.L.E. '' is actually a complete song , yet here only a snatch is heard , with the melody mostly drowned out by blasting horns -LRB- which would seem hard to do since `` U.N.C.L.E '' was written for horns , but they do it here -RRB- . `` Barnaby Jones '' , on the other hand , originally consisted of just a basic entertaining yet quick theme for the show . Yet here , it is stretched out seemingly forever consisting mainly of nothing more than repeating that short passage over and over again . Of course , there are lots of horns . The most telling one , though , is the theme from Room 222 . This was a charming gentle work , in keeping with the show itself . As performed here , though , you 'd think Conan the Barbarian was about to burst in and start hacking Thulsa Doom in the classroom . The arrangements of other selections are n't really `` true '' to the compositions either.Although some of the presentation is quite lovely , `` Legend '' , for example , all in all this is a weak , misguided effort . There are lots better examples of Mr. Goldsmith 's great music , including many done by Jerry himself . Save your money and get one of those .
 hey ! what happend ? anyways sleep well ~ ~
 Ms. Warwick issued TWO albums titled `` Dionne '' creating this confusion . The first was in 1972 and is the other `` Dionne '' offering on the website with the proper cover . The cover on this offering is from 1979 , but includes the tracks from the 1972 album . I was most disappointed when I found that both are not issued -LRB- unless the above track listing is erroneous -RRB- . The track listing for the 1979 album with the above cover was
 Do n't waste your money.This is NOT the original soundtrack music . The orchestrajust sounded like it was `` trying '' to imitate but could n't . In fact , it sounds like some of the singers , were singingthe lyrics in BRITISH voices !! With British accents.Listening to that alone was like getting an ice water enema.Not at all enjoyable . I do not recommend this cd to anyone .
 I blame the confusion on Amazon . Whereas the label likely thinks that `` original recordings `` of the Prague Philharmonic being `` remastered '' covers them legally , it is ridiculously misleading . In the recordings world , such a descriprion always means the original recording , after some production work to improve the sound . Not a remake of a remake . Change the caption for this CD !
 How anyone would think this set does justice to any of the selections ? It simply is n't possible to describe how painful it is to hear this rendition of Blazing Saddles . Please , do n't buy these CDs you 'll only encourage them to make more - thankfully I did n't purchase the set , instead I listened to a few tracks on Yahoo Music Unlimited .
 This CD has a lot of good songs on it , but it just too bland for our taste . We prefer Western music to sound as though genuine cowboys are singing it - not a fancy chorus !
 I saw Jackie open for Susan Tedeschi a week ago and for the first two songs I was impressed by how talented this guy is . He can play everything and he can play everything very well . He has a great voice with great control , but he 's got no soul . The music is very cheesy and predictable . After a few songs , which all start sounding the same , I was so bored that I was regretting buying the tickets to see Susan . I acutally felt sorry for the musicians that he hires because there 's no way anyone that I know would want to play this without getting some $ $ . Thankfully Susan came out and kicked ass and made me completely forget about this guy . When I was leaving someone was talking about how his recordings were great so I checked out this disc to give him one more try , but it 's just safe poppy middle of the road music . It 's just like Coldplay , Eric Clapton , or even Hootie and the Blowfish ... safe radio friendly music . Jackie please stay away from the blues because you just do n't have it in you .
 Of the nine studio albums Chicago recorded before the death of guitarist/vocalist Terry Kath , `` Chicago X '' is my least favorite . -LRB- If the numbers sound confusing , it 's because the band 's fourth album was a live set and `` Chicago IX '' was a greatest hits package . -RRB- `` Chicago X '' is the only one of those nine albums that does NOT feature at least one song I would deem `` essential Chicago . '' On `` Chicago Transit Authority , '' you had `` Introduction . '' And right down the line
 I found this album to be pretty lame not one sung jumped at me after numerous listens . We all know the overplayed sappy insipid ballad If You Leave Me Now i was tired of it 15 years ago . I have no problem with ballads but when they are made strictly to make money that is when i have a problem with them . The thing with this album is the music is simply not that good no standouts as i say . I realized Terry Kath passed away before the making of Hot Streets but at least that album has four good tunes . Skip this one please
 If you enjoyed this you obviously really ar n't into raw jazz . This is worst than the smooth jazz out now . I appreciate this album for what it is musically -LRB- im a jazz trumpet player -RRB- but this insnt even a challenge for me to play . I respect it only because Miles was just taking new directions . People who play this kind of music all the time arnt real musicians , Sorry . I wouldnt pay over 5 dollors for this .
 If you 've never heard this album and are a Miles fan . . AVOID THIS ALBUM AT ALL COSTS !! This is nothing like any Miles you would know or ever want to know . It 's the cheesiest pile of 80 's rap , trumpet twidling and absurdness ever put to CD . I am still a huge Miles fan , but this seriously knocked my respect for him down a notch or two . Beyond awful - it 's almost painful to hear .
 Originally my friend and I had a bet -LRB- being the nerds we are -RRB- that if one of us buys `` You 're Under Arrest '' the other must by `` Doo Bop '' . What a pretentious bet . So , with a body full of alcohol , I went and bought this album knowing that it was pure nothing . The amazing thing about this album is that after that first head pounding listen , you eventually start to smile every time you hear it . The first song on the album sums up how the rest of the album will be . It beautifully contains Miles Davis in his first audio-acting debut . Miles plays a strung-out -LRB- whatever the hell he 's snorting -RRB- dude who has lots of drugs , a girl , and a yellow Ferrari . What a great story line ! The rest of the album contains a Michael Jackson and Cyndi Lauper cover -LRB- two of the greatest names of the 80s -RRB- , and some other stupid songs that kill the imagination very quickly . I recently saw a poster with Miles Davis on it and the caption read , `` Think Different '' . Listen to this album and ask yourself if this question applies . By the way , my friend still has not purchased `` Doo Bop '' . That ...
 This album , I definetly do n't reccomend . There are two or three good songs but the rest stink . A poor follow up of Decoy .
 Huh ? What ? Miles Davis , covering Cyndi Lauper ? WTF ? Something 's wrong with that , and not just the fact that Cyndi Lauper is massively annoying , though there 's certainly that . No , it 's a boring lounge-jazz-ish song with all kinds of '80s gimmicks - actually , those gimmicks ruin the album for me . Like on `` Intro
 It never ceases to amaze me on how fans of Miles Davis -LRB- few -RRB- claim to really enjoy this piece of garbage ! Truthfully , I do n't even know why this album in particular was reissued . The first track `` One Phone Call/Street Scenes '' , the crappiest track on the album re-caps from when he was arrested by the police while driving his Ferrari . Sting makes an unnecessary appearance on the track posing as a French cop -LRB- gag -RRB- . `` Time After Time '' , and `` Human Nature '' are the only songs worth listening to out of the rest . I 'm not so sure what a genius like Miles Davis was thinking when he put this one out , but this was a big let down . It does , however , feature some great musicians i.e. John Scofield , Darryl Jones , etc. . If you 're interested in 80 's Miles , start with Tutu . The songs on Tutu were written by Marcus Miller and way better than this one .
 This album contains an embarrassing `` rap '' and an even more offensive cover with Miles and a toy gun . Insulting to my intelligence , this album should be banned . I 've heard Miles empty his spit valves with better musicality . Stay away ! END
 This is one of the very worst albums in Miles ' entire 45 year recorded output . It contains uninspired performances by Miles ' standards , and some of the least distinctive material . Even a great artist can have a dud now and then , and this is Miles ' big dud . When you listen to this album in the context of all of Miles ' electric music , it is dull and disappointing .
 a complete letdown after decoy , a nasty follow-up , but it gave him an FM hit . I think it was a remake of Time after Time . There are no redeeming moments that I can remember on this CD .
 I am a big Randy Neuman fan , but did not like this CD . The one song I bought it for was sung by someone else , not Randy , and 99 % of the songs on it were biblical , like for a church service , and others were from the stage .
 Three years after John Lennon was assassinated , the first of his posthumous albums appeared . `` Milk and Honey '' is a collection of songs that John and Yoko were working on at the time of `` Double Fantasy , '' but were unfinished . So let 's be frank about this ; `` Milk and Honey '' is half a finished album composed primarily of John Lennon 's incomplete demos and Yoko 's finished works.While in 1983 , this might have been met with the still lingering pain of John 's murder , 26 years later and newly remastered , this album comes up painfully short . It 's interesting to hear Lennon 's playfulness and the goofy ad-libs , but that is the kind of patter that would have been gone when the time for the master take was laid down . When I hear the la-la 's and na-na 's in `` Borrowed Time , '' I get the feeling that Lennon was still treating the lyrics as a work in progress . Even the album 's best known single , `` Nobody Told Me , '' has such a jerky chorus vocal that I figured it to be an unfinished segment . -LRB- Even so , it 's one of `` Milk and Honey 's '' highlights . -RRB- Only once does the roughness of the recordings transcend , and that is on Lennon 's cassette demo of `` Grow Old With Me . '' Lennon was aiming for the stars on this one , and there 's a certain raw charisma that comes out of this very simple love song . There 's a hint of an `` Imagine '' to come , had there only been the chance . Like what the surviving Beatles ultimately did with a similar cassette of `` Real Love '' years later , perhaps.Yoko also gets one really great song , in the closing `` You 're The One , '' which she wrote after John 's death . `` In the world 's eyes , we were Laurel and Hardy , '' she pines , only to follow that verse with `` in our minds , we were Heathcliff and Cathy . '' It 's one of the few times she 's hit upon an amazing song , and it almost justifies the album 's purchase . But ultimately , while not as gawd-awful as `` Menlove Ave '' -LRB- which not-so-mysteriously did not get in this 2010 remastering blitz -RRB- , `` Milk and Honey '' is unfinished music , placed on the market to feed the morbidly curious . I re-bought it , yes , but now I remember why I sold it out of the collection decades ago .
 The Amazon review by Andrew Mueller perfectly expresses my take of this album . Part of Lennon 's narcissism - shared with McCartney in earlier Linda days - is the assumption that we 'll love what he loves . Indeed , how many people actually listen to this album or Double Fantasy with equal attention to both artists ? Unfortunately , John Lennon 's creative life after the Beatles was long on promise but very short on delivery . Not one of these songs has the grace , cleverness , craft or exuberance of 1963 's It Wo n't Be Long , let alone Strawberry Fields . Many Beatle fans seem to be as indulgent with Lennon 's later mediocrity as he was .
 Have I ever listened to this all the way through ? I suppose I have , once or twice . `` Nobody Told Me '' knocked me out when I first heard it . But the final creative outpouring of the Lennons -LRB- `` diarhea of creativity '' , John called it in his final interview -RRB- does n't hold much attraction for me anymore -- and not because of Yoko , either -LRB- not in particular , anyway -RRB- . It 's too much personal myth-making , too self-centered . I hope to someday understand this period of their lives better than I do now . Meantime , anyone want to buy my copy of the record ? Near-mint condition !
 Piggybacking her own songs on to her late husbands mostly incomplete work , Yo-yo NoNo showed her true colors with this grave digging exercise in bad taste . Had it been released as a record of Lennon only songs and sold as a collection of unfinished work rather than presented as it is , I would n't have any disdain for it . Attaching her own songs to this record was clearly just So-Low Ohno 's attempt to use this advantage to shove her own dreaded work down the throats of his fans.I am aware that it was expected that they would record a follow up to Double Fantasy called Milk and Honey had John lived to finish his songs , but as he did n't finish most of them and that not all of these songs were intended to be part of that project , as some were written for Ringo , it should have never have been presented to the public as if this was John 's vision of how that album would have turned out . Considering how poorly her own solo records sell and who it is I 'm talking about here it 's not surprising , but it is still disgusting .
 imagine if we never heard from yoko , or john again .
 If you liked the stuff Rhett did several years back -LRB- what happened to you Rhett ?? -RRB- then you will like this cd . In fact , most of these songs sound like they came out of the sessions for his first studio record . From what I heard , Rhett was playing Garth Brooks covers at a county fair in Gerogia and fell off the stage , smacking his head not once but twice . He was unable to sing or even drive his dodge ram , so they dug some old stuff out of the studio and released it as new . good luck
 this album should be called `` randomly assorted for no collective reason hip hop vol 1 ''
 My fondest memory of this CD is dancing with a bunch of friends in a half-empty to `` Hot Topic '' . I immediately rushed out and bought the whole CD , ready for more fun . After listening to it a few times , I 'm not quite as excited . The musicians seem to be having fun , but that alone wo n't make it good . There 's a real `` Hey Girls , let 's start a band ! '' slumber-party feel to it . I feel like a few too many people told them they were really good and they swelled heads and put out a full CD before they tightened up their act .
 If going to see a concert does n't neccicarily expect the creation of live music , then I guess this band is ok.But I went to see Le Tigre play -- and while they did get everybody to dance , I was shocked to see that all they did for half their songs was press play and then dance metaphorically-sloppy corriographed dance moves . The Le Tigre experience means shouting a `` mediocre '' theme repeatedly and jumping from side to side tossing your head ... I just think other bands have achieved this and even more . I am concearned because of how old most of the audience was ... in their late teens and early 20s . Maybe it 's the X and coke and heroine coming back in place of LSD ... kids are not wandering into other levels of the room , they are ripping up the sheets and jumping on the bed of rock and roll .
 Long before it was fashionable , this all-sister New England garage band produced and released their own brand of Do-It-Yourself indie rock . They did n't let anything stand in their way . Little details like meter and tuning never deterred them from getting their message across . Includes the outsider anthem `` My Pal Foot-Foot '' .
 Long before it was fashionable , this all-sister New England garage band produced and released their own brand of Do-It-Yourself indie rock . They did n't let anything stand in their way . Little details like meter and tuning never deterred them from getting their message across . Includes the outsider anthem `` My Pal Foot-Foot '' .
 How strange that so many respect this music as genius , and think that it is wildly original . Original it is not -- it represents what we all do before we learn tradition and technique . What is original is that someone chose to record and market it , and the lyrics have a certain strange attraction ; but the music itself is no mark of brilliance . It has a bizarre naivete that makes one smile or grimace in wonder , but it certainly does n't rank as more important than the Beatles , regardless of what Frank Zappa might have said . Nor are the performances particularly impressive , or incapable of reproduction . No , The Shaggs play music like someone mostly untrained in music , pure and simple ; their results are much the same as anyone would get who had no technique , no concept of intonation or rhythm or traditional melodic structure , or in fact most anything beyond the basic instrumentation of a rock band . One reviewer here challenged drummers to play like this , and certainly it would be difficult to play it from notation , but if you simply give a kid drumsticks and let them have at it , these are pretty much the results you get . Music teachers hear it regularly ; as one who often works with students in their first attempts at group improvisation , I know . Nonetheless , for many of us who have become far removed from this , the Shaggs display a certain breathless magnificence ; their story , as told by Susan Orlean in The Bullfighter Checks Her Makeup is tragic , though . It 's completely questionable whether this music represents anything the girls wanted to do or if it is entirely the result of a domineering and possibly abusive father 's demands . As such , the sweet charm of the songs disolves completely and one is left with an unpleasant , even repulsive aftertaste . That this is broken music from a haunted family seems born out by the lyrics to Philosophy of the World , which claim that `` You can never please anybody in this world . ''
 C'mon . I wanted to like this . I love primitive music , from the Sonics to the Ramones . But the Shaggs music is beyond primitive . It 's garbage . And it 's not of the `` it 's so bad , it 's good '' variety . It 's so bad , it 's terrible .
 The Shaggs ' first album `` Philosophy Of The World '' is an oddity to be sure , and a bizarre , yet bizarrely fascinating piece of rock history . But anything beyond that , and that means this release belabors the point far beyond what is even remotely necessary . Skip it .
 I heard about this and had to have it . It was the worst CD I have ever lisitened to . Sounds a lot like little kids banging on pots and pans in the kitchen . Do n't waste your money ! someone is making a lot of money on this crap cd . I resold it on ebay about 10 seconds after I played it .
 if pre-fab singers like britney spears , mariah carey and the backstreet boys were thrown in a studio and given a bunch of instruments and told to record , the end result would sound something like this .
 If you 've heard a bit about the Shaggs and are intrigued there are two things to do .1 -RRB- Listen to the sound clips offered by Amazon2 -RRB- Read the fascinating article in the September 27 , 1999 issues of THE NEW YORKER magazine.Beyond that ... well , there really is nothing left . Do n't bother spending your money on this . I may be amusing the first time you her it , but there are better uses for your fifteen bucks .
 How can any of you people honestly think this qualifies as music ? This `` music '' does not grow on you . As if listening to it more than once is even appealing to anyone with any musical taste or talent.This stuff is not so bad that it is good . It 's just flat out excrement . Did they just pick random words out of a dictionary and put them together to form lyrics ? I have met parakeets with a more defined vocabulary.The fact that people have actually purchased this piece of garbage makes me weep for the future . And scarier than that , some of them liked it , and then gave it 5 stars ! I have lied awake at night with the song `` My Pal Foot Foot '' haunting me like a Stephen King story.I came close to destroying my entire CD collection , and breaking my own ear drums with a knitting needle . I ca n't believe this exists . Worse yet , I actually had to give it 1 star to be able to post a review . Sad indeed .
 All evidence indicates that the Shaggs were a case of three daughters being browbeaten by their domineering father , Austin Wiggin Jr. , intro becoming a hit girl band , whether they particularly wanted to do it or not . Some lyrics were written by the parents but credited to the sisters to beef up the illusion they were a regular group . You folks getting into the `` innocent self-expression '' of the Shaggs should think about all this . At the very least you should feel bad snickering at them ever again .
 The hipsters can praise this all they want , but they KNOW it 's crap and praising it just helps in their desperate desire to feel so smug and superior to mere mortals . I can guarantee you that few of them actually own a Shaggs album and of those that do few ever listen to it . This applied to Zappa too.Sure , it has a sincerity missing in so much of today 's music , but sincerity alone does not make music -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- listenable . Intrigued by this band 's story ? That 's understanding , it is a fascinating one . But if you still feel a need to hear this stuff save yourself a lot of dough and go with the sound clips . They 'll tell you everything you need to know .
 This is like hearing children play music for the first time . This is talentless on many levels . waste your money if you must .
 I am a fan of Riders in the Sky ; however , the quality of the back up instrumentation was terrible and I was disappointed in the overall quality of this CD .
 I hate to say this but the people saying the tracks are wrong are right . There are 14 tracks of original artists doing classic western songs like Back in the Saddle Again -LRB- I swear it 's Autry -RRB- and Tumbling Tumbleweeds -LRB- the same version used in The Big Lebowski -RRB- . It is definitely not the Riders -LRB- who I have seen live and heard recorded -RRB- . I think there may be secret bonus tracks , but I am guessing they do n't transition to the Riders ' tracks or there was a manufacturing error and for some buyers the Riders ' stuff never got burned . Those who get the Riders should count your blessings .
 ok the stars should be all you need to figure out what my opinion is why do you need any more ?
 This CD is a suprise package ... the titles listed bear no resemblance to what 's on the CD . The music is good , you just do n't know what song will be next .
 The titles on this disc and it 's liner notes are not what is actually on the disc . Further , there are only 14 tracks on the disc and the CD lists 22 ! It 's nice music never-the-less , but for my purpose I like to know the title of the songs that I 'm listening to . Otherwise I would have given this a higher rating .
 I guess I do n't hear what everyone else is hearing ? The follow up to `` Tales . . '' does n't even come close . The main reason is because Rick Wakeman left the band and was replaced by Patrick Moraz.Don ' t get me wrong , Moraz is a top notch keyboardist , but does n't even measure up to Rick Wakeman . Wakeman split because he thought the band was starting to go too mainsteam and he wanted to continue his ideas with the solo approach.Of the pre-80 's Yes albums , this is the one I listen to the least . `` Sound Chaser '' is OK , but the rest of the album gets old quick . If you 're a Rick Wakeman nut like myself then this album will disappoint you .
 Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be .
 yeah , yeah , she has one good song so they decide to put it on there three times and barely change it and charge you ten bucks , I mean , is that supposed to be a joke ? Why pay ten bucks for a song when you can download it free , and then burn it , you 'd think record companies would catch on
 What this song amounts to , basically , is another `` advertisment '' for Darkchild ; the producer Rodney Jenkins . While Jenkins is a good producer , must he say -- or have his name said -- in the song ? This was what Puffy did and now he is gone . And I was never thrilled with him and his materialistic boasting all up in the song . He really spoiled Faith Evans song All Night Long doing that.Now about the song and Toni Braxton ; This song is a backward step for Mrs. Braxton who has paid her dues with her debut album . This song seems like something the yet mature TLC would do aside from that No Scrubs garbage they put out a couple years back . Toni Braxton is of a higher caliber than this.Note ; this cd single has a David Morales radio mix for You 're Making Me High , a butt-kicker from 1996 . Short and sweet and to the point .
 I had never listened to this album , but so many of their live recording from Europe in 72 were just excellent , so I decided to buy it unheard . I was so disappointed to hear these tracks - they 're slow and drawn out . I guess it 's a more relaxed show , good for people that want to chill out , but I just feel like they were n't giving me what I wanted to hear , like the album was just a big tease . I really dislike ` American Beauty ' as an album and I guess I put this into a similar category . If you dislike AB -LRB- not exactly common within the dead community -RRB- then stay away from Europe ' 72 .
 What a big dissapointment this Rhino remaster was ! As soon as I played it I noticed that it sounded worst than my original copy of the Warner Bors . CD release.This remaster is about 5-6 dbs louder than the original release but it is compressed , muffled and clipped . There is a lot less clarity and separation between the voices and instruments -LRB- the drums are a mess -RRB- . It seems the engineers jut compressed the hell out of the original master tape . I did an AB comparasion with my two players -LRB- one of them a HDCD machine -RRB- and the results were not what I expected.This applies to the original Europe 72 material . The extra tracks are better , but apart from an excellent `` Looks Like Rain '' , it is all Pigpen howling , and that is my least favorite GD music.I bought the `` Live Dead '' remaster at the same time and it has the same problem.Stick with your Warner versions if you still have them !
 Before we get into this too far , I have to say
 If you liked the stuff Rhett did several years back -LRB- what happened to you Rhett ?? -RRB- then you will like this cd . In fact , most of these songs sound like they came out of the sessions for his first studio record . From what I heard , Rhett was playing Garth Brooks covers at a county fair in Gerogia and fell off the stage , smacking his head not once but twice . He was unable to sing or even drive his dodge ram , so they dug some old stuff out of the studio and released it as new . good luck
 Did n't I listen to the sample tracks?The singer might be to your taste , but not mine . Do yourself a favor and listen before you buy .
 As a fan of Pete Seeger 's music , I bought this CD in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . Disappointingly , I 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . Peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . I may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable `` best-of '' set , but I 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . Only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of Pete 's fine albums such as the Carnegie Hall classic .
 We do n't care for this CD . We love Pete Seeger and Raffi , but this collection is one high-pitched , twangy song after another ... like something you 'd hear on a hillbilly 's front porch . Frankly , we barely got through the first of the two CDs . We appreciate it for its heritage ; and it is probably true to its original form , however , I 'd be lying if I said we liked it .
 Not trying to piss anyone off , this is my personal opinion after years of torture with this music . I HATE THIS CD AND STILL HOLD A GRUDGE AGAINST MY MOM FOR MAKING ME LISTEN TO THIS GARBAGE ! Its not that I hate folk music , I love folk music -LRB- I love all music -RRB- and lovely people like Judy Collins and even early stuff by the seegers but half of these songs are off key and its twangy and horrible training for any young ear . Let your kids listen to real music please and not stupid kiddy versions that if they have any intelligence they will know are beneath them . You are n't doing your children any favors by buying them this crap . I 'm sure there 's some redeeming value because some people like this but I just can not see it .
 I 'm completely horrified by the song on this cd `` As I walked out one holiday '' . The idea that a song about dragging a child off to a dark room where no one can hear him scream in order to stab him to death ?? And then he 's dragged down to the depths of hell?How in the world is this a cd for children ? I 'm glad I only borrowed it from the library and did n't pay money to hear these grating country twang hillbillies sing about such awful things.Please , do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this cd !
 I liked the first `` so little time '' tape . In this one I barly laughed . The stories just reapeated themselves . Im not saying I dont like the twins , but the script was alittle lame this time .
 SC sings the ballad -LRB- ? -RRB- `` Just one last dance '' with such an artificial voice that you just have to throw up listening to it.The song `` Daddy 's eyes '' is about her first baby , but the lyrics are written by someone else so that proofs Sarah Connor being unprofessional .
 I was really excited to see all of the hits from the 90 's on 1 CD . But the 60 Greatest 90 's Dance Hits was not what I expected . Once I opened and began to play it , I realized the artist are not the original artist . The songs sound horrible . Very disappointed and to boot Amazon on returned less than half of what I paid , because I opened it . I wish they would CLEARLY mark that the original singers are not on the CD . Even though I still love AMAZON , I do n't think I will buy another compilation CD .
 I agree with the previous review . I expected the original artists too . When it says `` Various Artists '' I take that to mean original artists like other compilation CD 's . They need to revise this listing and stop misleading people .
 It says Various Artists in the ad , so I expected the Original music like you 'd get with a `` Now that 's what I call music '' type CD . It appears all the songs are re-done by band , `` THE HIT CREW '' , which it says NOWHERE in the display , and who I 've never heard of.If you want to waste your money on `` THE HIT CREW '' go ahead and spend your money on this , if you want the original songs , do n't bother .
 I HAD TO LISTEN TO THIS NASTY LITTLE SONG ALL SUMMER LONG . I CA N'T BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE ARE ACTUALLY BUYING THIS MUSIC . IT IS AWFUL ! TOTALMENTE INSOPORTABLE E HORROSO ! SUPPOSEDLY IT WAS BASED ON RAPPER 'S DELIGHT - AT LEAST YOU CAN UNDERSTAND WHAT SUGARHILL GANG IS SAYING - I SPEAK SPANISH FLUENTLY , AND THIS IS A NO NONSENSE , BAD FLAMENCO-POP VERSION - YUCK . IF YOU WANT GOOD MUSIC FROM SPAIN , I RECOMMEND CARLOS MAGIC JEAN `` BACK TO THE EARTH '' -LRB- THE DABADA SONG - IT 'S MUCH BETTER , BELIEVE ME -RRB- , OR DAVID CIVERA . CHECK THESE PEOPLE OUT .
 My issue with this is that just like Europe ' 72 , it 's been polished up post-production . There are over-dubbed harmonies , studio mastered mixing and the careful removal of mess-ups . Just listen the version of ` Wharf Rat ' -LRB- my favorite Dead song ever -RRB- . There are layered tracks of Jerry 's voice singing perfect harmonies . What made the Dead great was that they were far from perfect -LRB- not including most performances the year 1977 -RRB- and their imperfections made them one of the last honest and improvisational rock bands out there . If you want real live Dead , stick to Dick 's Picks and other new live releases .
 The soundtrack to this movie sucks ! What you hear in the soundtrack are prerecorded cuts used in the film for when the actors are lip-syncing in the film to certain sections of the songs that the character is either doing a lot of dancing or movement . If you watch the movie Oliver ! closely you will catch that the voices of the characters sound really close to the soundtrack and then all of a sudden the voice is different at a certain part due to the character is actually singing in the film . This is fairly noticeable in `` It 's a Fine Life '' , `` Oom-Pah-Pah '' and some of the other songs in the film . The `` Overture '' is a condensed version of the Overture and the Main title opening in the film it is NOT the full overture.This CD is an exact duplicate of the original LP record release.If you wan na hear the true music and enjoy the songs are they are originally intended to be , beautiful and majestically enjoyble , then watch the movie . This soundtrack puts the film to real shame and is not worth buying.I hope this helps .
 Sure this album presents a reason for you to bob your head . It allows you to have fun . but on the other hand the lyrics are so bad that i feel dumb for tuning in . While many view the uk subs as punk pioneers i feel they are in all essense just another band . The album drones on for what seems like hours , and is so rendundant that i find it hard to distinguish one song from the next . There are maybe a few fun spots such as `` cid '' , or `` new york state police but other than that the hub bub is wrong .
 I have to say the production quality is terrible . My high school mixed tapes were cleaner and higher fidelity than this album . During the song Lost In Motion - one of the more tranquil , moody tracks - there 's a HUGE pop that totally ruins the mood of the song . You 'd think if you were going to spend the time and money producing an album , you 'd either get better vinyl , or fix the screw-ups in post . And I 'm not just talking dust on a record , this is a huge pop like somebody put a fork to the record and plugged it into a high voltage outlet . Not what I expect from a professionally produced trance CD.Other than that , great compilation .
 Trance is way too broad of a term . People tend to call everything trance these days . So while I am browsing through `` trance '' singles trying to find some fresh tunes , I often come upon very bad music . This music is uninspired , overly-repetitive , migraine-inducing , and generally low quality . It gives trance a bad name . A bizarre region of glow-stick wearing `` trance-addicts '' are the only reason this music has n't gone the way of the dinosaur . People like Ferry Corsten . Ugh . If you 're looking for music that sounds ANYTHING like Sasha , Digweed , Oakenfold , or any other big name `` trance '' dj , you wo n't find it here . Skip this one .
 By this point in his career , Davis was just mailing it in . The caliber of the musicianship is par excellence as always . The quality of the songs is what makes this CD a bore . Either Miles just did n't care any longer or he was totally burnt . Take your pick . Either way , these songs are unimaginative , repetitive and say absolutely nothing . Davis was no longer a musical trailblazer but a trend follower .
 I am a guitar player and a fan of good guitar music . If you are hooked on good guitar , do n't get this album . It is really bad . The singing is whiny and the guitar playing is uninspired and uninspiring . The compositions are mediocre . If there is good Ritchie Kotzen out there it is not this one . I heard Ritchie on a compilation album called Guitar On The Edge which is an overall great compilation . -LRB- There are three volumes -RRB- . I am just plain disappointed .
 Honestly everyone calls this album refreshing but I just do n't see it . Maybe the everyday topics make this album extremely relatable to some people , and I hear that , but honestly the only thing worthwhile on this album is the production . He ca n't ride the beats and his rhymes and wordplay are n't clever at all . In the end , I do n't care about any of the things MURS raps about on this album.I 'm glad he 's doing his thing but this album is not that nice .
 I made a mistake of not realizing that this CD only contained three tracks -LRB- two of which being different versions of the same song -RRB- . Worse still , the songs were n't all that good - Ruslana 's voice was over-powered by the overly-loud instrumentals , and there was no one distinctive flavor to her music -LRB- it sounded like she threw a bit of everything together
 Ruslana 's `` Wild Dances '' is a good track . That is widely accepted . But ! Do n't make me burst into tears with saying it is a `` new ethnic '' style !!! That must be a comment from an unknower.What Ruslana 's song had was Shakira 's `` Whenever Wherever '' mixed with `` You Spin Me Round '' . Clich&eacute; words , clich&eacute; and synthetic drums plus a synthetic clothing . Yes , the song is good enough to win Eurovision , yes she was hot wearing no undies on stage , yes she rock the world with the song ... But ! That 's it . First of all , she ca n't sing . Her vocaling is a poor come-close of Shakira . If you happen to listen Ruslana 's 2 different versions for `` Wild Dances '' u will notice what she is trying to do . One version has the fully English lyrics that target the european market , which sucks ` coz the catchiness of the song is gone . The second has Ukranian-English lyrics -LRB- reminding us the days of Shakira 's Spanglish newcoming -RRB- which tries to make a vocaling game in the middle of the song , that causes a plane crazh : -RRB- Yes , she 's done big ! But the rest wo n't come . It was like so in all past time Eurovision events . Do you still remember when Dana International rocked with `` Diva '' or Imanni 's `` Where Are You Now '' ? Do n't go far ... Do you remember Sertab 's `` Everyway That I Can '' ? Next year , you 'll forget Ruslana 's Wild thang , forget the muscle show of Sakis , forget the disability of Ramon ... Eurovision passes ... It really passes !
 This is another example of the political choices made in the Eurovision Song Contest ... In my opinio this is one of the worst winners of the last 20 years ...
 Do not buy this CD to relax or sleep . Screeching gulls & fog horns override the sounds of ocean surf . Instead buy Echoes of Nature , Ocean Waves . This CD really works .
 Not recommended if what you want is a sleep aid -LRB- which is what I was searching for -RRB- . Too many seagulls , foghorns , singing whales etc. for any sort of relaxation . Might be nice just for background or white noise , but not if you want to sleep !
 The ocean waves were so peaceful until the anoying cackling seagals rang in . OMG ... I never wanted those high pitched birds . I could n't sleep with this or even listen to it . After about 5 mins . I put it back in it 's case and there it sits collecting dust . I do n't reccommend this for something to help you sleep .
 I agree with the other comments that have been left about this CD not being peaceful or relaxing , unless you prefer squawky gulls , fog horns , and orca whales to the ocean surf .
 Second Worst CD I ever bought . . It just sounds like a lot of humming like a radio or tv thats lost its station ... Terrible ...
 TNT 's debut -LRB- ? -RRB- album includes two really good tracks -LRB- `` Seven seas '' and `` Knights of the new thunder '' -RRB- built on the classic heavy metal formula . The singer Tony Hansen have a rather high pitch voice , and on some songs it works just fine but on others , like `` Ready to leave '' it 's far from good , and it seems as Hansen try to sound more or less like the superior Rob Halford -LRB- Judas Priest -RRB- and it 's rather annoying . I would say that the material on this release is quite alright with cuts like the strutting `` Last summer 's evil '' , the fast `` Tor with the hammer '' , and the ballad `` Without your love '' . In `` Break the ice '' , TNT sound very much like Dokken . The problem with TNT is that they 're not unique in any way and in 1984 when this album was released , there were hundreds of bands just like TNT - some more talented , some less talented .
 I remember buying this album back in the day ... yes , back in 1985 . The cover and overall artwork pointed at some sort of aggressive metal . After all , METALLICA was getting big and changing the way metal should be played . Even the cover is a bit reminiscent of ` tallica 's `` Ride The Lightning '' . So what did I get ? Basically TNT were a glam metal band with some decent guitar playing and a flirt with power metal . The songs are average to say the least and in one song they completely ripped ACCEPT 's `` Balls To The Wall '' riff ! From what I recall , only `` Deadly Metal '' was somewhat above average -LRB- at least compared to the rest of the album -RRB- . TNT had neither the class of a JUDAS PRIEST or an IRON MAIDEN , nor the newfound edge of newcommers like ANTHRAX and METALLICA . They were n't even THAT `` glam '' for the hair crowd either , so they kind of disappeared from the public eye . Production wise , I must confess that it sounds pretty full and coincides with what was being produced by commercial metal bands of the time . I understand some of the reviews here but I take them as pure nostalgia . What caught me off guard was the sheer expensiveness of this CD edition . I remember getting RID of my vinyl album pretty quick . This album should only be purchased for nostalgic reasons or if you find it at the `` on sale '' bin at your nearest AMOEBA record store . Otherwise , steer clear from this below par metal band .
 Buyer beware ! This album has been mis-filed as a Wailin ' Jenny 's album . It is n't ! Al `` Wailin ' '' Walker is a rockin ' Vancouver blues musician ... and while he 's pretty darn good -LRB- and if you 're into the blues , you might really enjoy this -RRB- , the music you 'll get if you buy this album wo n't be that of a Canadian folk trio . So , avoid the mistake I made and make sure you 're getting the album you really want . This one happens to be from one of the best living blues pickers in North America.Amazon.com is n't the only one to get this wrong
 Not worth the money you 'll spend on it . I do highly recommend their other cd `` One Step Forward ''
 The title of this video states that it is VOL 2 of the Bell Telephone Hour video , something that has been available for several years now . In fact , these two videos are the same ; there is no VOL 2 of the Bell Telephone Hour video . It is an excellent video , however , just do n't buy it if you already have the first one that was issued .
 THE JAPANESE PRESSING OF THIS ALBUM IS BEING SOLD HERE WITHOUT THE ARTIST `` S CONSENT AND IS NOT MANUFACTURED FROM THE MASTER TAPAS BUT FROM A RECORDING OF THE VINYL ALBUM
 this album should be called `` randomly assorted for no collective reason hip hop vol 1 ''
 I hate to be the voice of dissent on this board . I bought this album after going to a really great Mary Lou Lord concert where all she did was rave about Eliot , so I just went out and purchased it , without ever hearing any Eliot songs . The album is very quiet and Eliot 's voice is high and not very good . The lyrics are disappointingly shallow . The melodies are okay . `` Between the Bars '' is the one salvaging tune on the CD , it 's a nice little song -LRB- little being the operative word -RRB- . Then I went online and read some reviews of Eliot Smith . Critics were pretty mixed , but mostly positive . Mary said Eliot reminded her of Joni Mitchell in her `` Cold Blue Steel '' phase . I just ca n't see the connection.I just ca n't really see what 's so great about this album . Your immensely positive reviews interest me , however , and I 'll have to go back and listen to it again . I doubt I 'll change my mind . I think Eliot just needs to be louder .
 Product arrived so long after purchase that I assumed it had been lost in the mail ; at least three weeks elapsed between purchase and my receipt of the item . When it finally did arrive , the product was not as described ; it had so many deep , visible scratches that it wo n't play at all in most CD players . If it does play , it skips uncontrollably every 4-6 seconds , halts , repeats , and is generally unlistenable . Do n't get me wrong , I love Elliott Smith , but I would NEVER buy from this seller again
 I purchased the cd because of the posted reviews . Those reviewers obviously liked the self centered , self indulgent , depressed , simplistic lyrics . It seemed to droan on and on for ever ... It was n't worth the time.Sorry -- I 'm over 30 and am not interested .
 If someone can sell this many albums and make a living off of blatantly imitating Nick Drake , that is truly a sad comment on the current state of popular music.My prediction ? This will wind up in cut-out bins within five years , while the Nick Drake ouerve will continue to endure . ` Nuff said .
 Yonder Mountain String Band 's rapid rise to fame , and their success in delivering bluegrass music to a mainstream audience has been impressive . Their gritty , simple , energetic sound has been a trademark of sorts , and leaves audiences to enjoy the music without having to invest too much energy interpreting what they hear -- it is straight-forward picking , with a twist.Straight-forward continues with this album , but with a foggy , studio sound indicative that all good things come to an end . Yonder has found a producer , a channel to larger audiences , and with that the obligations of the music business . This CD smacks of production , money , and a tour.I ca n't comment on any one song in particular because , unfortunately , they are lackluster .
 You know , I have to apologetically say I did n't really like this too much . I love bluegrass and play banjo but it just was n't my style . I expected alot of creativity but it was just kind of predictable and rock and rollish . I threw it away .
 Unfortunately , Yonder Mountain String Band has turned their back on their bluegrass roots and have wandered off into never-never-noodleland on this latest offering . Subpar vocal harmonies , pretentious lyrics and standard-issue level chops compared to others in the bluegrass genre leave not much nice to say about this disc . Kind of following the same path as String Cheese Incident , one supposes
 After the intricate instrumental interplay and inspiring vocals on Elevation and Town by Town , I was disappointed by YMSB 's newest self-titled album . The vocals are flat , uninspired and with very few harmonies which made their previous albums a joy to listen to . Their `` acoustic '' instruments rarely sound such and the occasional electric dissonance is not welcomed . Dump the new producer and get back to your roots boys !
 Yonder Mountain was my favorite band until this album came out , which is their ONLY bad album . Although I used to travel to see them , I have n't bothered to even see them in my home town the last couple times they came because this album is so disgraceful . This album made me wonder whether they would be DMB or John Mayer on their next album , seriously . I was so dissappointed when I heard this over-produced , compressed crap that is n't even their style of writing . With that said , I think they 're realizing that this album was a messup and because it was their worst album , they are heading back to their roots a little and got rid of that record company . Now that a couple years have passed , I 'm slowly giving them a chance again , and they 're winning , as long as their shows do n't sound like this pop-rock crap album .
 As a set of songs go , this album by Yonder Mountain String Band should have been solid . Instead , it is ruined by painfully poor production by Tom Rothrock , using many electronic effects and shrill tones that ruin a number of songs.The first example comes out of the gate , the otherwise nice `` Sidewalk Stars '' , which works well live . However , bassist Ben Kaufman 's vocals are processed to the point it feels like a sheer drone ; robbing the song of the emotion it deserves . Same case for `` Angel '' , which should have been an album centerpiece , but again its heavily compressed electronic effects used becomes an instant liability.The best songs represented on the album are `` Have n't Been Myself In Years '' and `` Troubled Mind '' , because those tracks have the least amount of compression.What 's sad is that YMSB opted to use the same producer for the next album , The Show . Again , the results were only scratching the surface of its potential , and the results are strictly because of the poor production.If you buy this CD , strictly do so to support the band . You are better off downloading numerous shows from archive.org or purchasing a recent soundboard from livedownloads.com.Please , YMSB -- use a producer with real vision and a real * ear * the next time you enter the studio .
 I have followed these guys for some years now and they are always pushing the bar for what is considered bluegrass and I have always enjoyed the ride . This albulm seems to be a bit over produced and some of the rough edges that make me like them are lost . There are a few good tunes but overall I would say go and see them live for the true YMSB vibe .
 Mark , Don , and Mel must all have brain tumors , or they were influenced by the ridiculous Who reunion tours . I mean , an orchestra , what the hell are you guys thinking ? What next , a 50 piece choir ? How bout some tap dancers ? Grand Funk are at best a power trio , and just compare Bosnia to Live Album and tell me which one is the real McCoy . Ok , they 're older , but still ... just listen to Lemmy in Motorhead proves you can still rock .
 Another listener had the good sense to write in that this CD is INSTRUMENTAL.That should be mentioned . I almost bought it and would have been very upset that I had wasted my money . Thank you other listener . You wrote in on my birthday . You saved me some money . Good present .
 This should be known that this is an insrumental CD !
 `` Pickin on Garth Brooks '' is an INSTRUMENTAL collection of Garth Brooks ' biggest hits . There is no vocal accompaniment . It features steel guitar , banjo , mandolin , fiddle , piano , harmonica , and percussion instruments.I bought this in the store and knew it was instrumental when I got it , but it had a cool cover and sounded kind of interesting so I got it . I was bored after the second song . The songs all sound pretty much like the regular versions without Garth 's voice . I kept waiting to hear him start singing , and would then get dissapointed when I remembered he was n't on the album . I do n't know what I was thinking when I bought it but I was bored out of my mind.If you 're a `` diehard '' bluegrass fan , well , I take that back ... because you still probably wo n't enjoy this CD . It did n't really add anything new to Garth 's music and some of the instruments are a little too prominent on certain tracks .
 When an act makes it to the big time and they see them making hit records and money , eveyone want 's in . This is a toast to the record bosses who know how to make a fast buck . However , i 'd advise the record buyer to pick up a real Garth Brooks CD , `` no fences '' perhaps or `` in pieces '' , or even both . Much better than this `` tribute '' album .
 As a professional music reviewer , I would steer clear of this CD as if were the plague . There are millions upon millions of excellent albums available of all Genres , why waste time with Cajun . This is simply Louisiana swamp muck . If you are not familiar with this type of music , pat yourself on the back and feel lucky , this music is a bad , bad experience for the ears . I can not stress this enough . This music has no merit and I fear for your taste if you persue the purchase of this stinker . - RC
 John Zorn 's game pieces are generally dense , difficult to understand , and make little sense without seeing them live -- essentially , they are rules for improvisation and interaction between musicians , often cued in various forms . `` Hockey '' is probably one of the most difficult to make any sort of headway into -- it sounds as if each musician comes in , plays for a bit , then another musician comes in and the first one receeds -LRB- the AllMusic Guide refers to this as `` passing the puck '' , probably an accurate assessment -RRB- . The music is presented in two forms , replete with additional/atlerante takes from its original release , including four takes of an `` electric version '' -LRB- take 4 was the only issued one originally -RRB- featuring Eugene Chadbourne -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Wayne Horvitz -LRB- amplified piano -RRB- and Bob Ostertag -LRB- electronics -RRB- , and 13 takes of the acoustic version -LRB- 2 , 4 , 11 , and 13 were originally issued -RRB- featuring Polly Bradfield on violin , Mark Miller on percussion , and Zorn on game calls and clarinet mouthpiece . Some of the alternates are complete , some are not.The electric versions succeed quite a bit better than the acoustic one , primarily because the instruments are better able to fill space with the amount of noise they generate -- take 3 is a particular monster , with Ostertag all over the place with his synth and Chadbourne borderline frantic while Horvitz delicately inserts himself between the two . The issued take -LRB- 4 -RRB- is also remarkable , if nothing else for the sheer level of chaos the three manage to generate -- there seems to be a much higher level of interaction on this one , with Ostertag remaining active at all times and Chadbourne and Horvitz trading off with him.The acoustic versions are , well , odd . Here , the pass idea is taken to the extreme , with literally single notes or two notes being played in rapid succession , Zorn blows a duck call , Miller shakes a shaker , Bradfield scrapes across the strings , Zorn sustains a crow call , Miller cranks a fishing reel -LRB- it sounds -RRB- , Zorn blows a goose call , and somehow during that hter 's a couple violin scrapes . Noen of the takes last more than four minutes , and its probably a good thing , many of them get tedious far before then . Their interactions are somewhat clever at times , occasionally witty in their setup , but largely its uninteresting to me.As far as Zorn 's early work goes , `` Hockey '' is a good introducition , the game piece concept is well illustrated in the 17 tracks here , and while it can get irritating , this one makes an interesting listen .
 I love African music but this CD is not one I like . It is very repetitive . I have many African Music CD 's where I recognize each song . I do n't think I would ever be able to do that with this one . Nothing stands out as being any different from the the others . I suppose if you wanted to practice dancing the rumba this would give you endless rumba rhythms but for just listening they become very annoying .
 Ben Franklin in Paris is a nostalgic favorite of mine , because my brother and I happened to be in Philadelphia on a family trip when it was previewing there , and I was excited to see a Broadway show before it made its way to Manhattan . I was thrilled by the show -- including the score , Robert Preston 's performance , and the stage effects involving a hot air balloon ride . Back home in New York , I eagerly awaited its opening -- surprised to discover there had been a cast change -LRB- Susan Watson , who I had seen and loved in Carnival , replacing Jacqueline Mayo -RRB- and some number changes -LRB- including the elimination of a pretty ballad , `` Tis Incredible As Love '' -RRB- . I was disappointed to see that it did n't open to rave reviews , but pleased that there were at least enough good quotes to fill a full-page ad in the New York Times -LRB- which I still have somewhere -RRB- . I bought the LP the moment it came out , delighted to find that they had included a copy of the official souvenir program in the jacket -- though worried that this might indicate they did n't expect the show to last long enough to need all the programs . I also got the sheet music as soon as it came out -- it includes several songs which , to this day , are among the ones I most enjoy playing and singing , including `` I Invented Myself , '' `` To Be Alone With You , '' `` You 're in Paris , '' `` When You Dance With the Person You Love , '' `` How Laughable It Is , '' and `` Look For Small Pleasures . '' -LRB- At the time , I thought the last song was the most beautiful song I had ever heard . I guess I had n't yet heard a lot of Jerome Kern . '' -RRB- I was sure that `` Half the Battle '' was going to become a huge popular favorite . Someone even played it at a talent show at my Junior High . But , alas , it did n't . The show also has that rarity , a show tune in Latin -- `` Hic Haec Hoc . '' I tried to convince a teacher that the song 's inclusion justified a school trip , but no dice . Listening to the score now on CD brings it all back -- a delightful , almost flawless score ; charming performances ; an interesting book . And I love being able to tell people I saw Ulla Sallert live on stage . -LRB- Who ? They know in Sweden . -RRB- And I love the fact that the non-English-speaking actress supposedly learned the entire role phonetically . -LRB- It certainly sounds as if she did . -RRB- I forgot to mention the opening , a sort of Prologue as I remember it , with sailors hanging from the ropes on a Tall Ship singing a song that included references to all 13 colonies . Quite stirring . Why does n't Encores revive this show ?
 I was fifteen at the time , and my all-time favorite record was the 1938 Carnegie Hall Concert . The day tickets went on sale I took the subway to Carnegie on my lunch hour from high-school and got tickets way up in the second balcony , but I was lucky to get them at all -- the concert sold out in one day . The night of the concert , the weather was miserable and rainy , and the concert was generally a disappointment . The only real high spot was Roll 'Em with Mary Lou Williams . She injected some energy into the whole concert . The arrangement of Stardust was good too , as I could n't ever recall hearing a Goodman band that featured flutes ! But Jack Sheldon singing Rocky Racoon -- I mean come on ! I have the vinyl double album more as a momento of the event than as anything I really listened to . Probably not worth the money -- stick to the 1938 version . There 's a reason it 's the best selling jazz album of all time . I ca n't wait for the new CD to come out . I have the original 12 inch LP issued in 1950 -LRB- Goodman forgot he had the recording of the concert for 12 years -RRB- -- my dad 's . I discovered it in 1973 and it is the reason I got into jazz in the first place . I also have my replacement LPs of 1970s vintage . It 's about time to go digital on the '38 concert .
 This double disc has one stellar moment
 Take the rock group Yes ... remove the awesome guitars , virtuous bass , bombastic drums , innovative keyboards , strong songwriting skills and group dynamic and what you have left is this.Jon Anderson has a weird , high pitched voice that is fine when laid against the backdrop of Yes but on its own , it is a bit grating . The eccentric lyrics , that you do not pay much attention to because of the incredible virtuosity of the musicians , also sounds silly . THis is boring elevator music with lyrics.However , `` I 'll find my way home '' is a stunning and majestic masterpiece of sheer beauty . If a used cd is less than $ 8 , the one song is worth the purchase .
 I really , really liked `` Chariots of fire . '' I expected similar quality of music especially on a `` Best of ... '' album . I like new age music , I like synthesized music , I like keyboards , but this album is really tepid . The `` Italian Song '' is not very Italian . Not like a Verdi or Puccini opera , not folk-like as `` O Solo Mio , '' not like `` Funiculi , Funicula , '' not even like the modern ballads that Josh Groban sings so beautifully in Italian . Only the title is Italian . It is bland and boring . It does not even do a good job of minimalism . Track 2 tries to be progressive Rock , but it fails just as the first track failed . Track 3 attempts a jazz sound . It has lots of good rhythm , and it gets better as it goes on , but the intro is cacophonous . The lyrics sound as if they were written by someone tripping out on drugs with some perseveration on previous religious training . The intro to track four sounds like a child found the synthesizer and said , `` Let 's see what this does . '' It is disjointed and unmusical and has nothing to do with the song once it begins . The actual song , `` One More Time , '' is not too bad , although it gets very repetitive.Track five is my favorite . Vangelis produces melodious sounds with the sythesizer . Jon matches the reflective sound with his voice , then it bursts into an energetic middle section , eventually returning to the slow , moody feeling of the beginning . I found this piece intriguing and wanted to know more . What is `` Play Within Play ? '' Alas ! There are no decent liner notes . `` The Friends of Mr. Cairo '' sounds like a sound track for a Dick Tracy movie . It clearly is a spoof of old gangster flicks . It is light-hearted and fun even though it is in a minor key . The music is okay , the sound effects add the spice that make this track interesting.On track seven as I was listening to the vocals , I realized how much more romantic Kathie Lee Gifford sounded on the last album I reviewed . I thought I would give her a bad review , but her voice was beautiful and I had to objectively rate the album accordingly . Here I expected to rate the album highly and again , listening objectively , I have to alter my original intent . The vocals are not grating , but neither are they great . They are like the album as a whole , merely tepid.Did I say track 5 was my favorite ? Perhaps it should be track 8 . `` He is Sailing '' has a really catchy beat . Here Vangelis approaches the sound that he demonstrated on `` Chariots of Fire . '' The melody sings nicely , the rhythm moves you.The same can be said of Track 9 . As a compilation , tracks 5,8 and 9 work well together . The other tracks seem out of place . In fairness , a `` Best of . . '' album is not comprised of songs meant to flow well together as an actual album would . It is only designed to run through a list of songs by a person or group that are considered the most popular or most definitive . Still , one gets the feeling that perhaps the tracks should have been arranged in a different order.Some individual tracks are good , but as a CD this leaves much to be desired . There simply are not enough really good tracks . If you are a Vangelis fan , I suspect you would do better to buy complete albums after having a listen and leave this `` Best of Jon and Vangelis '' on the shelf . It leaves you feeling shortchanged and the lack of decent liner notes adds to that feeling .
 Let me make it clear from the start that I am very fond of Bill Staines . That is why I find this album so disappointing . Most of the cuts on this album are inferior to other performances by Staines of the same pieces . Staines ' music is best with minimal accompaniment . Unfortunately , many of these cuts are overdone . The drumming on Ballad of the Maples is not only overly loud but it does nothing to support what may be the best example of a style of yodeling popularized by Elton Britt fifty years ago . -LRB- If you have never heard Britt 's recording of `` Chime Bells '' , you are missing a gem . -RRB- When Staines sings with just his guitar , he can extend his performance as he does on other versions of Maples . The backup group here severely hamper his musicality , forcing him into a style which is all wrong for him . The earlier cut of Maples would alone be worth the price of a CD . If only it were available.It is hard not to like many of the songs here . All God 's Critters has become a staple for singing around campfires . Again , what is wrong here is that these are not the best performances . If you are new to Bill Staines , select a different album . All are better than this one . In fact , buy two or more . When Staines is good , it is hard to get enough of his music . Unlike many singers , his music wears well and two or three straight CD 's leave you wanting more . That is , when the cuts are the good ones .
 The sound is very crisp and detailed and when it comes to surround sound I have to defer to those who have reviewed it in that format.However , avoid this version if you only intend to listen in stereo and buy the SACD instead . I found that the choir in Candle in the Wind just about vanishes , as does the electric guitar in Funeral for a Friend .
 I just did not like how they made this cd sound fake and the songs were not that good.I have a set of the yellow brick road that is just red book and it sounds great bought it at w ----- t for 5.00 . I used my Classe pre , amp , oppo 83 es player.My other set up is a INTERGA 9.8 PRE AMP , SONY 9000ES AMP , SONY ES CD PLAYER . THANK YOU
 I have now owned 3 separate copies of the 1st CD of this 2-disc set for the Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Album . i have been trying for years to obtain the entire album . disc 1 is only the 1st 8 songs of 17 songs . none of the sellers i inquire with can confirm if they are selling the entire album . since I have too many of disc # 1 , if anyone knows where i can get the 2nd disc , songs 9 to 17 , or even the entire 2-disc set as a used CD , let me know . my purchase price was refunded by amazon since this was not what i expected to get . the seller did not even know it was supposed to be a 2-disc set !
 I bought two copies of this SACD , both had glitches and would not play in my player correctly , be forewarned . I dont have any other problems with other SACDs so I assume it is in the production somewhere . They would lock up for no reason , this is right out of the box , both copies .
 I was never a big fan of Bernie Taupin 's lyrics , which is too bad because Elton himself is a great pianist and has a way with a melody too . Bernie 's lyrics positvely blow , however , and get in the way of Elton himself . Songs like the obnoxiously homophobic All the Young Girls Love Alice , racist and sexist Sweet Painted Lady , I 've Seen That Movie Too and This Song Has No Title have some of the worst lyrics ever . And some of the songs are awful even without the lyrics
 It sounds like the Wicked Witch of the West is singing !!! Hey Elton , where 's Dorothy ??? You need to go see the Wizard so he can give you some talent , because this album sucks !!!
 Brand new out of the box would n't play on my Sony DVP-S9000ES SACD player . The track side of the discs has a gold color which may be why my player shows a dirty disc error . Confirmed conflict with player , just ripped it on my computer , sounds great ! Planning on a new OPPO BDP-83 UniversalGoodbye Yellow Brick Road -LRB- 30th Anniversary Deluxe Edition -RRB- Player , hope I do n't have a problem there .
 The sound on this cd was very bad . Using my imagination I could hear the way the songs sounded originally , but this cd was a big disappointment . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 I love Elton John and wanted to buy some songs off Goodbye Yellow Brick Road but Funeral for a Friend can only be purchased by getting the whole album . Sucks !
 First here is what gives the star to this album -LRB- and it is a big star , sorry there are n't more -RRB-
 As a professional music reviewer , I would steer clear of this CD as if were the plague . There are millions upon millions of excellent albums available of all Genres , why waste time with Cajun . This is simply Louisiana swamp muck . If you are not familiar with this type of music , pat yourself on the back and feel lucky , this music is a bad , bad experience for the ears . I can not stress this enough . This music has no merit and I fear for your taste if you persue the purchase of this stinker . - RC
 I ca n't say anything particularly good about this CD . Robert Miles ' Children is good , as always , but I sure as hell would n't buy this CD just for that song . This CD is lots of endless beats with a serious lack of climax . Booooring !!
 Theres only one description for this CD ... `` boring '' The only time I felt the music in this CD was when I finally heard the song `` Children . '' The rest of the time I was waiting for a climax or something that stands out from the continuous repeating beats and tunes . This is definitly a CD that you will not get into . It was very plain and lacked originality .
 I do n't understand how this is Clinic 's big break through album . Internal Wrangler was such an excellent realease - it had passion , a fresh sound and variety between tracks while still being cohesive.Walking With Thee is OK , but lacks all of these elements . I was so excited to come across Clinic , hoping they could break new ground in music -LRB- cuz there are n't too many who have done that since Mercury Rev 's `` Yerself Is Steam '' -RRB- . However , with this record it appears Clinic is just a one trick pony.With their new found acceptance by the general public , I do n't think Clinic will ever feel the need to stray from their singular sound . Tis Sad indeed .
 Sheesh , this band does n't just rip off the VU more than the Jesus and Mary Chain ever did - they take it ALL from one VU album.It 's galling to me how this band does n't even seem to have a clue how to appropriate their influences - there is nothing here but pure regurgitation , and they 've been doing it for SEVEN YEARS without the slightest change up !
 Clinic 's studio material is not bad , but their live shows are quite poor . Just saw the show last night , and the set was only 25 minutes .
 When I ordered the item , Amazon sent me a detail of my purchase ; I also received an acknowledgement from dvdlegacy , the Seller . However , having waited past the due arrival date , I queried the Seller and received no response . I then contacted Amazon , only to find out that the Seller was no longer active in their system . How long that had been the case was not discussed , but I was then informed that , due to company policy , I would have to wait another 5 days before Amazon could take any action . They began a review process on the 31st March . I was notified that I would receive a reimbursement on my credit card , but that it might take two weeks . One day after that , I was notified that the reimbursement had been authorized and would reflect on my credit card statement . Though I was happy to receive the reimbursement , I was annoyed at having to wait 22 days to find out that I was not going to receive an item from a Seller that Amazon -LSB- once it had looked at its records -RSB- found it knew was no longer trading ! - I believe there needs to be a more thorough system of checks and balances ; certainly the technology is available for such up-to-the-minute vetting . -LSB- This review is rated with 1 star because the system would not allow me to upload the review with a `` zero '' star status , as I had wanted . -RSB-
 I was NOT impressed with this cd . I like her older music so i assumed i would like this one as well . To my shock and disappointment , the first song on the cd was some hip hop type music with Tonex who i 'm not a fan of . Ms. Cesear has put one foot into the world and one foot with God and in my eyes is between 2 opinions with this CD . I think hip hop belongs in the world and has no place in gospel . I was disppointed with Shirley Cesar on this one ! Would not reccomend .
 I love a loose rock group as much as the next guy . Probably more . With their debut Hot Printz , Australia 's Bumblebeez 81 are so loose they 're slack . But lazy is another story . Most of these 14 songs and/or fragments are based around a good beat , fuzz guitar , raspy vocals , and occasional rapping . It 's akin to backporch alternative . Singer Chris Colonna even sounds like grandpa with his teeth out . And it 's intermittently fun . `` Pony Ride '' , the single , is genius/stupid with its chorus of `` come on ride the pony got ta get it up '' . `` Come Ova '' is a cute Pixies rip . Otherwise , the rap is lame . The playing is amateur . And the songs kinda sound the same .
 Okay i love Punk , i like Techno alot , I even like white girls rapping , but this cd is just bad ! If you want a headache listen to it .
 This CD reissues two ancient 10 '' Lps from the early 1950s of selections from ANYTHING GOES and THE BANDWAGON.ANYTHING GOES - with so many other better recordings this collection is little needed . Mary Martin was a poor choice for the album since the show was written for Ethel Merman , and just a Ethel would not have been appropriate in SOUND OF MUSIC or PETER PAN , Mary should not have been cast in this recorded version of ANYTHING GOES . Also with no one else in the cast the duets lack theatrical context . The orchestrations are not the originals from 1934 , and now sound very dated.THE BANDWAGON - This collection seems better suited to Mary Martin , although again the original theatrical context is lost since it 's just her and the chorus performing . Those familiar with the 1953 movie THE BANDWAGON may be surprised that only 3 songs from the revue were used in the film , so this disc offers a chance to hear the opening chorus : `` It Better Be Good '' ; the delightful `` Hoops '' ; and `` Where Can He Be ? '' This last number is perfectly suited to Ms. Martin 's voice and talents . She also makes the most of `` Dancing in the Dark '' and the slightly risque `` Confession . '' But , a little Mary goes a long way !!!
 I bought this CD reminiscing about when live music was more dangerous and less predictable than the arena orientated music we experience now , where we were accustomed to musicians taking risks in their performances.Alas this CD is an object lesson in self-centredness . From the first track where Stevie Marriot tells the audience to ` shut up ' to the final agonising minutes of the long , foggy jam that is ` Walk on Gilded Splinters ' , it appears the assembled talent have disappeared up their own collective jacksy.This particular set predicts the interminable delivery of ` progressive rock ' that became familiar in the 70 's whose only saving grace was that it resulted in the reactive rise of punk and other celebrations of the short sharp song.Humble Pie were never very big in the UK and I think this demonstrates why .
 I can believe what Voice Lover said
 Giordani can be excellent in the theater , but this album seems to have caught him at a bad time . He always seems to be changing gears during his performances here . He seems to have several voices in each register and you do n't know from one minute to the next what you are going to get . I found this album to be a very unpleasant listening experience and think it was a mistake for Giordani to let Naxos issue it.If you want to hear a better performance by Giordani , pick up a copy of Verdi 's Jerusalem on Philips which catches him in much better vocal estate .
 -LSB- read -RSB- was a wonderful Christian rock/pop album . Tight songwriting , inspired vocals , and catchy hook laced after catchy hook.Electric Soul pales starkly in comparison . The songwriting is lazy and predictable , the production is thin , and none of the hooks have made it over from that other LP.If you do n't already own -LSB- read -RSB- and are looking for a solid Christian album , absolutely pick up a copy . I purchased it 15 years ago when it was released , and though I do n't listen to much spiritual music anymore , I continue to come back to it every so often.If you already own -LSB- read -RSB- and were considering picking up more from the Curious Fools discography , look past this record .
 It was disconcerting to see that CD had belonged to a public library . I would have preferred to give my money directly to the library . Also , the jewel case was cracked . This could have happened during shipping which means packaging was not good enough to protect it . If not , it was shipped this way . I would not buy another product from this vendor .
 The elements were promising , the result was not . Maureen O'Hara , not necessarily known for the lilting Irish lyric soprano she possessed , was given her own Broadway star vehicle that unfortunately came off across as a bland attempt at ripping off `` The King and I '' -LRB- The plot elements and certain devices were all too similar -RRB- . The lush overture promises a lot , but it never comes through . Most of the score is rather embarrassing - they sound like parodies of Broadway numbers rather than actual music theatre songs . Especially awful
 Wow ! What a crappy show . This CD is only for completests , which I am afraid includes me . It was interesting to hear the singing voice of Maureen O'hara , but the music it self is basically just boring , and not even bad enough to laugh at . It sounds like a show written by an amateur for a little theatre group to put on .
 Having collected original cast albums and soundtracks for more than 45 years , I consider myself qualified to judge the quality of a score and its recording . `` Christine '' was a flop back in 1961 in spite of the star quality of its leading lady , Maureen O'Hara . It did receive an orig . cast recording from Columbia , the leading producer of that genre in those days , but because the show disappeared from sight so quickly , it had a limited pressing and has been virtually impossible to find in its vinyl LP version . Therefore , when DRG obtained the rights to release a CD version , my interest was piqued.OK , action/description , as Amazon suggests
 honestly , i ca n't disagree more with the rest of the reviews here . back to their roots ? their power-pop driven guitar chords ? maybe there 's more guitars and banjos in these songs , but few of them even come close to the first two albums . the truth is , jars of clay has reinvented themselves so much that their latest venture is just a bit overdone and underdeveloped . their sound is now overproduced without being catchy , more repetitive without being powerful , more enhanced without delivering the best of the goods . which is not to say that it wins for worst-album-ever
 Jars of Clay has had some catchy tunes and meaningful words in the past , but the lyrics have degenerated into confused , pseudo-profound ramblings . Furthermore , the music lacks taste and variety . With only vague reference to God , in what sense can this CD be called Christian ?
 Let me say that first and foremost Jars of Clay is my favorite band and I have been listening to them for nearly a decade . The first three albums were superb , and Who we are Instead is also an excellent album . This album is definately JoC 's most bland and cookie cut album . The biggest problem I have with this album is that it 's song are of a typical mainstream christian idealism , a category that a lot of contemporary christian artists have unfortunately been emmersed in . Do n't get me wrong , songs about God are more than encouraged , I love Worlds Apart , Much afraid , Hymn , and just about any other jars of clay song . But there was a level of uncertainty , passion , and doubt in Jars of Clay 's songs . The songs on this album are , like I said earlier , christian cookie cut . There is nothing special about the lyical content of this album . I also have to say that revolution is one of my least favorite jars of clay songs . A song that basically states over and over again , hey , you do n't have to conform to the rest of society to become a revolution . Weak lyics , it is very obvious that you need not conform to change stuff , but it stops there , it would also seem obvious that one would be required not to conform to society to be any influence to another person . I 'm dissapointed to be writing such a lack luster , whiny review about my favorite band . If you like cookie cutter christian songs , get this album , also be sure to pick up Avalon too .
 Ok the first Jars cd was superb . It had passion , and it had beautiful lyrics about God , and the lyrics were honest . Now what has happened ? The lyrics have become watered down . Yes you can find hints of God , but they are very watered down . The music also is a disappointment . People are saying that this is a very strong album musically . I do n't see the big idea of the amount of talent . I was strongly disappointed . Come on Jars , stick with your honest and strong lyrics , and your beautiful acoustic arrangements . A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !
 I absolutely love the band Jars of Clay , but in all honesty this cd is their worst one they 've ever done . Sure , Fly and The Eleventh Hour are great songs , but with the exceptions of those two none of the other songs made a lasting impression on me like the songs from their other albums did . Their first one was absolutely wonderful and along with Steven Curtis Chapman 's Heaven in the Real World is the best Christian cd ever . Much Afraid stunk at first but eventually it grew on me . If I Left the Zoo was disappointing too at first but soon I grew to love that one almost as much as their self-titled one . But I 'm sorry to say that this album for the most part is just plain horrible . I love Jars of Clay and when I saw them at the Fair in '99 I thought they did a great job live , but this album just is n't the same . I excitedly bought it the first day it came out , and I have tried to repeatedly listen to it , but I have gotten seriously sick of it and feel like throwing it away . This really bites ! I do n't know what in the heck they were thinking when they made this thing , but I think they need to give their fans a refund . Truth be known , all of their albums sounded radically different from their previous ones , and this one is no different , but their first and third albums were masterpieces , their second album was pretty darn good , but their newest one is definitely one to throw away . I have never once regretted buying an album of theirs , but I sure wish I had bought another cd that morning instead of this piece of garbage . Jars , you have n't lost me yet as a fan , but if your next one does n't even have a decent amount of songs on it then I 'm sorry but I may end up saying good-bye to you guys . Please Jars fans , do not buy this one ! If you do you will be seriously disappointed and will definitely want to get your money back for it . Again I say , Jars of Clay , what in the heck happened to you ?
 I have followed and enjoyed the Jars for many years . I own all their previous albums and looked forward to this release with anticipation . Although the music is strong and the album is pleasant , I find it to be hollow and it appears to be an effort to move to the musical mainstream . Even though it is possible to interpret `` you '' for God or Christ in many of the songs , I find it to be a shallow attempt to please a secular audience . This does not necessarily make the CD a bad CD , you just wo n't find the kind of spiritual message that was featured in their previous albums . I had always enjoyed their complex expressions of faith and their journey toward God in their music , yet , I do n't see any of that reflected here . The whole album smacks of a sell-out to a mainstream audience . If you are looking to find a band moving toward a spiritual maturity and further expressions of growth toward God in a human world , you will be sadly disappointed . I do not even find a reference of praise or thanks to God in the liner notes - Who exactly are you guys attempting to please ? I am afraid they have directed this album at the wrong audience , and my excitement and anticipation in this CD has been a hugely unsatisfying . I hope for better next time ...
 As a long time Jars fan , I was looking forward with excitement to this new album . Although I find it to be a `` nice '' album , thats about the best I can say about it . Melodies are good , music is strong , but there is definitely a lack of substance . I have always enjoyed the spiritual element of Jars of Clay , yet , it seems to me they are trying to appeal to a broader audience by diluting their message of God and Jesus . Sure , it is possible to substitute `` God '' for `` you '' in many of the songs but why not proclaim His name openly , as they have in the past ? There is not even any mention of thanks to God in the liner notes . What 's up here guys ? Who exactly are you trying to please ? Although this is a pleasant album , I was hoping for a stronger spiritual message . There is just nothing distinctive about this CD . I have all the rest of the Jars albums and this one just does n't measure up . In trying to appeal to a broader secular audience , I fear the Jars have lost their core audience of those who are looking for a spiritual dimension in their music . The lyrics seem to me to be a lot of new age imagery - no substance . I was just overall VERY disappointed , there is nothing memorable about this effort at all . I have tickets to see them in May , ordered long before this release and I just hope their message is n't as diluted in concert as it is on this CD . I would like to enjoy this CD more , yet , I ca n't help but feel they have strayed from any real content of worship . Again , I have to wonder - who exactly are you trying please ? Be careful where you store up your treasures ...
 OK . I 've really tried to give this CD a chance . I loved their first CD right from the start . I had to listen to the second one for a short while , but I soon began to love it . Same for the third , although it took a bit longer -LRB- that one seemed a bit more experimental in parts -RRB- . I read all of the previous reviews about this latest release - people really loved it and seemed to indicate that JOC had gone back to their roots . Yes , lyrically , it 's quite ` nice , ' but to be quite honest -LRB- and I 'm sure a number of hardcore fans will find my review ` not helpful ' -RRB- , I find this CD to be a real snoozer . Perhaps it 's because my wife and I have really gotten into Delirious and Third Day . Besides rockin ' , those two bands also seem to come right out and praise God & Jesus - which I think is great . Obscure references , hints , and ` conversations ' do n't impact me like hearing God 's name glorified . The bottom line is if you like subtle and peaceful music , then by all means buy this , but if you 're the type who wants to jam a bit , then you might be better off spending your $ 's / 's on another Christian CD .
 i must admit i was quite disappointed with jars 's latest . although i frequently hear that the band is `` returning to their roots '' , i find nothing even remotely similar to their early work except that they produced it themselves . i have been forced to come to terms with the fact that jars of clay is in a downward spiral , both musically and lyrically , that began with `` if i left the zoo . '' maybe i 'm being unfair . perhaps i 'm being too tough on them . their first two albums were such masterpieces that any subsequent releases were bound to be disappointments . but now that i think about it , no , i 'm not being too rough with the chaps . jars began with similar musical roots to caedmon 's call , and caedmon 's has stayed strong and matured as a band , while jars has diverged onto the wide , well-traveled path of ccm mediocrity . lyrical shallowness kills this album , and just can not satiate the depth of meaning required for a really great jars album . thus , i rate the cd a 2 out of 5
 Yeah , so this one just did n't do it for me . I 've been touched by every Jars album thus far , but ca n't manage to make myself like this one . After the personal sounds and emotions on their self-titled debut , I fully expected to enjoy their return to more raw sounds after the experimentation of `` If I Left the Zoo '' -LRB- which I also enjoyed -RRB- , but this album left me disappointed . It felt forced . They 've grown up musically and the sound does n't , and should n't , work for them anymore . Also , the lyrics of `` The Eleventh Hour '' did n't feel as personal and interesting as their earlier stuff and really felt distant from the music . Songs I really enjoyed included the title track , `` I Need You '' , and `` The Scarlet Letter '' . Nothing else really struck me . Bummer .
 Jars of Clay has had some catchy tunes and meaningful words in the past , but the lyrics have degenerated into confused , pseudo-profound ramblings . Furthermore , the music lacks taste and variety . With only vague reference to God , in what sense can this CD be called Christian ?
 Jars of Clay has gone from being a really good band , to being a really good christian band . Lyrically and muscially i find nothing moving about the eleventh hour . Perhaps my perspective is skewed because I want to hear something sonically comprable to their debut . Whatever the reason , the eleventh hour is a good cd , but nothing to marvel over . Maybe they will quit trying to be like other bands and go back to what they are good at ... Sounding like Jars of Clay .
 all i can say is i dont know what happened to these guys.the original self-titled and much afraid were amazing , i - still - listen to them even today ... but everything since then has been so pathetic , i mourn for the band . i mean , this is NOT jars of clay ... im sorry , it 's just not.i feel horrible giving such a good band a bad review , but sadly they deserve it .
 This cd is way too horrible for words . Their first album is really the only one you should buy of theirs , because their subsequent ones have just paled in comparison . This one in particular is the worst one they 've ever done . I feel sorry for those people who say this one is their best . They obviously are not right in the head and need to learn to think more clearly . This album is pure garbage and anyone should be smart enough to realize that . In fact I believe that this one album being as popular as it is signifies America 's downfall and God help us all if this album continues to be a hit . Please I beg anyone reading this review to not help America continue it 's downward spiral into the toilet . This album should be outlawed as soon as possible . Thank you for your time .
 This is a boring album from Common . His delivery is DULL and lyrics are wack . Buy something from Nas ...
 It should be pointed out that FSMB are `` truly traditional '' and that their repertoire might not suit lovers of the more refined string band music . The brilliant Hollow Rock String Band epitomise the gentrified kind and you should surely listen to `` The Fuzzies '' before making your purchase .
 Sound quality is dismal . `` 20 bit mastering '' is a joke.No way to tell if the original tape or something after is at fault but if you 're expecting anything better than AM radio , look elsewhere .
 Monty Alexander is one of the giants of jazz piano . I have a majority of his releases , on CD as well as vinyl . PLEASE AVOID THIS IMPORT '' THE WAY IT IS '' . The recording is horrendous , EQ is all wrong , you ca n't hear drummer Frank Gant , Bob Maize `` s bass is too loud in the mix , the tinny , out of tune piano sucks and Monty is just trying to get through the gig ! Dont be fooled by the hip cover of Monty strokin ' it . This set is not like his great MPS live recordings . Buy any of his legit recordings on major labels , and you will be amazed . Leave this one alone . And yea , I 've heard a lot of Monty live , on one occasion -LRB- 5 nights , 15 sets , back in the day -RRB- . Long live `` Alexander The Great ! ''
 I have always been a big fan of Creedence Clearwater Revival and I usually prefer live music over the strict confines of the studio . But , if this album is any indication , CCR was a much better studio group than a live group.This concert is taken from 1970 , before Cosmos Factory was released . It consists of the hits and more popular songs up to that time -LRB- except Suzy Q -RRB- . The group just races through the songs . The songs are even shorter than the studio versions . It is fast , but there is no energy or emotion . It is as if the band just wanted to get it over with and get paid . John Fogerty had a reputation for disdain of his fans and a love of money.The sound quality of my CD is pretty poor . Newer versions are supposed to be remastered . I doubt that this would help much because the original LP did n't sound so good either . I would guess that the problem is in the original recording and that digital remastering wo n't make that much difference.Note that at this time , Creedence Clearwater was about the biggest band in rock . Woodstock was originally developed as a festival starring CCR . John Fogerty would not let their performance appear on the Woodstock album or movie because he was upset that they did n't get paid -LRB- That did n't bother any of the other groups of the time -RRB- . John Fogerty could n't get along with anybody . He fought with the band members over the style of music they played . He wanted the group to be a showcase for his songs , while the rest of the grouup wanted to open up more . The frictions caused the group to break up . He fought with his record company , which caused him to drop out of sight for a long while after CCR broke up . This concert was from when the tensions in the band were just starting . Maybe that is one of the reasons for the poor performance .
 There have been few people to approach G. Shearing 's talent for playing the piano . This record was no exception as his phrasing and arranging done `` internally '' on one instrument is typically impeccable . The selection of material is likewise very , very good . However , this recording was done at the private studio of Hans Georg Brunner-Schwer in 1974 . While the equipment there might have been quite good for a private studio in 1974 , the tape noise on the recording is so pronounced as to be a real distraction . Perhaps as an MP3 recording listened to in a car this would be an acceptable level of fidelity , but on a decent modern home system ... no . This is the first Shearing recording I 've ever regretted purchasing . That 's the bad news . The good news is that there are numerous other examples of his talent out there in print and many of them sound absolutely wonderful , even for their age .
 AND THAT 'S EXACTLY WHAT RUTH PRICE IS!THAT LITTLE JAZZ CLUB THAT RUTH OWNS -LRB- THAT SHE PASSES OFF AS -RRB- ANON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION IS ANYTHING BUT NON-PROFIT . I AM SO DISAPPOINTED IN THIS WOMEN WHO CALLS HERSELF A MUSICIAN , AND YET RIPS OFF EVERY MUSICIAN WHO PASSES THROUGH THE JOINT . SHE IS NOT WORTHY OF ANY FORM OF RESPECT , BECAUSE SHE HAS NO RESPECT FOR HARD WORKING STRUGGLING MUSICIANS , WHOM SHE NICKELS AND DIMES TO DEATH . THE JAZZBAKERY IS A SHAM , AND RUTH PRICE OUGHT TO HANG HER HEAD IN SHAME !
 Man , this dvd sucked . I thought it 'd listen to the reviews given by amazon buyers . But boy was I wrong ! This is the worst dvd ever ! These are only opinions . Some of the dates for the albums are wrong and nothing is accurate . Except for the OBVIOUS stuff . So do not buy this ! -LRB- ... -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- When will they release a REAL , Queen documentary ?
 I like the demos by one of the presenters that showed some of Brian 's guitar `` tricks '' , but the rest was ho-hum .
 This is one of the nerdiest music critique DVD 's ever . If you want to see and listen to a group of unabashed Queen lovers talk about the early Queen albums/songs , this DVD is for you . If you want to see early concert footage , look elsewhere . The concert footage of portions of `` Keep Yourself Alive '' and `` Stone Cold Crazy '' is the best 5 minutes of the DVD . Other footage is mostly dubbed over with the studio recording , and all footage is constantly interupted by the bantering Queen lovers . The guitar guy is pretty interesting , but overall I would say get together with your old Queen listening buddies and reminisce , it 's cheaper .
 It should be pointed out that FSMB are `` truly traditional '' and that their repertoire might not suit lovers of the more refined string band music . The brilliant Hollow Rock String Band epitomise the gentrified kind and you should surely listen to `` The Fuzzies '' before making your purchase .
 Not Kern or Hammerstein at their best , title tune repeated too many times , story as told , is about as dumb as one would expect for a show of the era.To revive the show would be a task of no rewards .
 I purchased this CD , `` Creedance Clearwater Revival , 20 Bit K2 '' and received `` Bayou Country , 20 Bit K2 '' . I contacted customer service , returned the CD and re-purchased `` Creedance Clearwater Revival , 20 Bit K2 '' again online . I just received it today and they 've sent `` Bayou Country , 20 Bit K2 '' AGAIN ! The problem is the UPC sticker on the back of the CD displays the UPC number and title for `` Creedence Clearwater Revival , 20 Bit K2 '' CD . However , the CD itself is `` Bayou Country , 20 Bit K2 '' . The person packing the order needs to verify the title of the CD and not just rely solely on a small sticker on the back . I will be returning this CD again and wo n't be able to purchase it until the vendor , Newbury Comics , rectifies their error.Update
 This is not an album I would would not recommend . It has a few good songs -LRB- Have you ever seen the rain and Hideaway -RRB- but other than those there is nothing special . If you want to buy a creedence album I would recommend their gteatest hits volume 1 .
 `` Surfer Rosa '' and `` Doolittle '' are much better introductions to the Pixies . I 'm sure a lot of people new to the group enjoy this compilation , but it 's nowhere near as cohesive or brilliant as those early masterpiece albums , which are filled to the brim with awesome material and arranged perfectly . In fact , Death To The Pixies puts too much focus on some of their lesser , later work . Disc Two , the live portion , is a nice show but it 's a shame for Pixies fans to have to shell out extra cash for the accompanying ` best of ' CD just to get it.I give it two stars because the music is good , but the arrangement is not . Pixies were an album band , and compilations only degrade their impact .
 I do n't care what anybody says -- this is NOT a good introduction to the Pixies . Buy the studio albums , starting with Surfer Rosa and Doolittle . Trust me , you 'll be a lot more satisfied.As for the first disc -- no River Euphrates ? No Hey ? No Alec Eiffel ? No No. 13 Baby ? Come on ! While I ca n't complain with what they did pick -LRB- simply because 99 % of the Pixies ' material is flawless anyway -RRB- they seem to have skewed their choices toward the loud , aggressive songs and almost completely ignore the quieter , yet equally masterful compositions . I could name 17 other tracks that are just as worthy of inclusion as the tracks selected here , which is a testament to just how good the Pixies were.Now , onto the live disc , which was recorded pre-Trompe Le Monde . Definitely some gems , including a great performance of B-side Into The White and an amazing rendition of Where Is My Mind ? -LRB- complete with audience singing ! -RRB- . However , the steep price tag of this set will deter all but completists who probably already have Pixies Live At The BBC anyway -LRB- which is far from comprehensive but has some very interesting selections -RRB- . So ... why do n't they release a separate live CD ? Damn cheapskates.Only recommended for serious completists -LRB- for the live CD -RRB- . For the uninitiated , start with Doolittle and Surfer Rosa and move through the catalog .
 i hated this cd with every last ounce of hate in my body
 Please do n't waste your money ! , shes been recoding albums for the last 5 years . RESULT = Failure . She ca n't sing a bit ... ! ...
 I ca n't really say much about the whole album . I just happened to watch the video for `` Ojos Negros '' and I had to write something ! The song was so bad , the music was generic , and the lyrics were just as bad -LRB- especially the English added -RRB- . The video was so cliched it just made me laugh . I just ca n't get over how awful this song was.I 'd take Shakira over Ms. Manterola anyday . Having a nice body does n't equal having talent . Sorry .
 the seller did not communicate or offer refund . in the end he did not even respond . he send me a broken cd . i highly recommend that nobody buys from this person .
 What a disappointment - the selections are hum drum , the back-up renditions uninspiring and Astrid 's delivery lackluster . I certainly would not recommend anyone purchase this CD , unless , of course , one is so devoted to Astrid you just had to have it to add to a collection .
 This is a decent punk compilation covering a long time period . There is early pre punk -LRB- Stooges -RRB- ,70 's punk -LRB- Gand Of Four , X -RRB- ,80 's hardcore -LRB- Suicidal Tendencies , Black Flag -RRB- , and newer bands -LRB- Lagwagon , MxPx -RRB- . My main complaints about this cd are that Gim me Gim me Gim me is n't a from Henry Rollins era Black Flag and it has too much ska which I don ; t really consider punk . Overall I 'd give it about 21/2 stars .
 I was chocked by the awful production in this album -LRB- compared to theirnext effort , SHOCK TACTICS -RRB- . It seems to have benn recorded in a garage . It is also clear why Bruce Dickinson left the band . He was shoulders and head above the other musicians , in terms of musical skill . His voice shines like diamond , while Paul Samson 's guitar work is weak ; well intentioned , but really weak . Of all the SAMSOM albuns , the only worthwhile is SHOCK TACTICS , produced by Tony Platt .
 Norm Granz , owner of Verve records , would have been happy re-recording the golden egg `` Getz/Gilberto '' album forever . The ravishingly beautiful `` Getz/Gilberto '' is one of the best selling Jazz CD of all time and a testament to the fact that Jazz performers can make a pop-ish album without sacrificing their integrity.But it did n't work . Stan and Astrud 's affair torpedoed her marriage with Joao Gilberto . Stan was now tired of her . She was on a big ego trip . In this album , as with `` Getz/Gilberto 2 '' , Norm kept forcing them together and they could hardly stand to be on stage with each other . -LRB- This is a live CD -RRB- Stan 's bored , going thru the motions . The warmth , intimacy and chemistry of `` Getz/Gilberto '' was gone.Stan had move on to a new band . His recordings here , without Astrud , are rerecordings of songs from his classic album `` Nobody Else but Me '' recorded months earlier , which Norm Granz put on the shelf and lost for 30 years ! -LRB- see my review -RRB- . That 's a much better CD . Astrud had pushed off to the first of a series of other bands , She recorded `` Telephone Song '' with them . Stan refused to do more Samba for Verve.For better Stan doing Samba / Bossa Nova , try `` Getz/Gilberto '' , `` Jazz Samba '' , and `` Jazz Samba Encore '' -LRB- see my reviews -RRB- .1 & 1/2 - 2 stars for a mediocre effort
 There 's a reason this is much maligned ; it 's a very poor swan song from CCR . Fogerty checks in briefly with two terrific songs -- the country opener Lookin ' For A Reason and Someday Never Comes . Sweet Hitchhiker , despite a roaring guitar riff and a great Fogerty vocal , is CCR by the numbers . Stu Cook and Doug Clifford contribute some interesting numbers but they lack the focus and power of Fogerty 's weakest material much less his strongest . Most of the originals sound like second hand garage rock knock offs of popular songs.The reality was this ; CCR had returned to The Golliwogs . For the first time in their history CCR sounded like a pale imitation of themselves and half a dozen other bands . Like The Beatles ' Let It Be , Madri Gras was anti-climax to a brief but bright career as America 's finest rockers .
 I still ca n't believe , after over 30 years of listening to CCR , that this album was actually released . I consider myself a huge CCR fan but this is one album that most definitely does not have a reason to exist . Yeah , we all know that Stu and Doug wanted to get in on the writing action , and that actually WOULD have been a great idea except for that fact that they could n't write a song to save their lives . I can almost appreciate that Fogerty actually released this stuff , probably just to haunt those two guys for the rest of their lives . They deserve it . The fact that these two guys had the audacity to think that their first-ever songwriting efforts could even BEGIN to approach even the weakest Fogerty composition is absolutely mind-blowing to me . One wonders if they were acutally listening to the songs on the previous six albums they just made . Also , if they are such great songwriters , that must explain why they play SO many of their own compositions during their Revisited gigs . Yeah right . Do n't even get me started on the Revisited thing ... I 'm not leting Fogerty off the hook here either ; considering he had just made 6 incredible albums before this to an exacting standard , I think it was beneath him to even release this and it cost him some artistic integrity , that 's for sure . Yeah , go ahead and get pissed at your record company and your bandmates , but there 's no need to take it out in the record-buying public by releasing this tripe . I know I just ravaged Stu and Doug above but I get the impression that Fogerty was no angel himself , I 'm sure.Ok , to be fair , I agree with some of the other reviews here , as there are actually some listenable moments on the Stu and Doug songs . But , as someone else has mentioned , the venom which Stu has in his singing makes for a quite uncomfortable listen . Looking back , I really feel bad for these guys that they could n't have worked everything out and that this whole thing got so ugly for them . The first 6 albums by this band have provided me with literally a lifetime of enjoyment and it saddens me that all parties concerned probably look back at the creation of those albums with contempt.At least this whole thing -LRB- probably -RRB- served as a lesson to future bands ; if things are going south , go out on top . It worked great for the Police , Cream , and many other bands .
 Generally when your brother leaves your band , you should know that the ship has sunk . Alas , somebody forgot to tell John Fogerty this . This story behind this truly wretched album that I 've always heard is that not even Stu and Doug wanted to make this , but John forced them both into making it and writing their own songs , which are atrocious . All six of them . They 're both pretty bad singers
 This is one bad album from the once great band . Well , as a quartet C.C.R. never made a bad album , but as a trio ; they stunk ! The trios live album `` Live In Europe '' was a fake -LRB- see my review -RRB- and their one studio work was a bad joke . I bet Tom Fogerty was laughing at this release . By 1972 , Creedence was officially pronounced dead ! 01 . Lookin ' for a Reason - 4/1002 . Take It Like a Friend - 1/1003 . Need Someone to Hold - 3/1004 . Tearin ' Up the Country - 4/1005 . Someday Never Comes - 10/1006 . What Are You Gon na Do ? - 3/1007 . Sail Away - 1/1008 . Hello Mary Lou - 5/1009 . Door to Door - 5/1010 . Sweet Hitch Hiker - 10/10The `` 20 Bit Mastered '' sound is wonderful , but why would anyone want a polished turd.The best songs are available on Chronicles 1 & 2 . Sweet Hitch Hiker and Someday Never Comes are on Volume one . While Hello Mary Lou and Lookin ' For A Reason are unexplainably on Volume two .
 With the ability to purchase individual MP3 tracks , there is no reason to purchase this set of substandard cover versions . The arrangements sound like they were ripped off from Cirque 's own studio albums .
 I searched and searched , but could n't find much in the required `` hooks '' that are needed for a good metal song that you want to hear over and over again . There is some good lead work , but it does n't satisfy . Check out `` Second Coming '' for their best stuff .
 I wanted a fairly straight rendition of Jerome Kern 's beautiful songs , but this is not it .
 First let me just say that I consider myself the # 1 fan of -LRB- -RRB- . OK now that that 's outta the way ... I was very disappointed in this DVD . The CD was pretty cool , and that 's what the one star is for , but the music videos on the DVD were terrible . When I listen to Sigur Ros I picture abstract and eretheral things , like weird or peaceful landscapes or romantic stories - not dancing down-syndrome people dressed as angels , and not children playing soccer -LRB- football -RRB- . I was n't really offended by the scene with the two boys , but I did n't really feel too good about it either . A music video should reflect what the director feels when he/she listens to the music . I did n't see any connection between these images and the genius music of Sigur Ros -LRB- except that the videos were in permanent slo-mo -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and do n't get it - or do Sigur Ros a favor and get it . Up to you .
 Gave this as a gift ann the CD does not play on a brand new notebook with CD/DVD player using Windows 7 . Do n't understand that with today 's technology , this should not be an issue and is unacceptable .
 I love and cherish the vibe and flow of `` I Want You '' . It 's an essential Marvin release , and I highly recommend the music , but not this particular CD . Please allow me to explain by asking the following , `` Has anyone who purchased this remastered version ever opened the booklet ? It 's empty , yes , it 's totally blank . The packaging is bereft of liner notes , sentiments , lyrics , photos , or any chart information . I was seriously looking forward to flipping through heartful sentiments written either by Robert Palmer -LRB- who covered `` I Want You '' years later -RRB- , Stevie Wonder , Barry White , Smokey Robinson , anyone at Motown for that matter or even Madonna -LRB- who was heavily influenced by this album -RRB- . I totally blame Motown for this conceptual oversight , yet I believe the double disc version contains what this CD lacks in visual material . I 'm thinking the Motown execs would only splurge if earning potential increased by issuing a bloated double disc , deluxe edition . For someone supposedly natured and cultivated the sound and vibe of Young Black America , Berry Gordy sure is greedy , Berry Greedy - ha , ha . But I digress . Thus I burned myself a copy of `` I Want You '' and sold the CD right here on Amazon.com .
 This purchase was not fulfilled ... the product was not shipped instead my money was refunded with no explanation
 Her 3rd LP was not as great as One in A Million . I only like four songs on the whole album . Matter of fact , I do n't listen to the album at all . I bought the album out of respect for Aaliyah because she seemed so sweet and nice . To bad I will never get to met her .
 Aalyah 's new self-titled album is big on trying out new cutting edge sounds , but not big on making great songs . Most Aaliyah fans who liked the lead single `` We Need A Resolution , '' will probably like # 3 `` Rock the Boat '' and # 6 `` Care For You '' which are slow songs . They are actual flowing songs , which are a rarity on this disk , which is filled with so many music and temo changes , that you ca n't tell if the song is supposed to make you dance or cry . The one good thing about the disk is that it shows off Aaliyah 's vocal talent more than anything she 's done before , and while she 'll never be a diva it shows that she is a more than competent singer . I give the album 2 stars because it is groundbreaking , but it shows me that sometimes it 's just good to stick to your past formula .
 Aaliyah made 3 decent songs , IMO . But other than that , she was unoriginal . She did n't have a great voice like millions claim and she did n't write her own songs . Very average to me . Even Monica has a better singing voice , but no one payed attention to her . Jeez ... I wonder why . Aaliyah was mediocre . Great performer , but not a great singer . Get anything by Anita Baker , Whitney Houston , Aretha Franklin , Phyllis Hyman , Chaka Khan or Tina Turner . REAL singers . Aaliyah 's music was never groundbreaking or new . Basically her team wrote songs that ppl like Jlo , Britney or Ashanti could 've sang . And no , this album is not a classic . THe reason why Aaliyah is this so called princess b/c :1 . nothing was bad written about her2 . she died at 22
 I purchased this CD used and indeed it was USED . Skipped from beginning to the end . This maybe my last time buying from here . I purchase a double CD of Janet Jackson Design of Decade and only received the single disc CD . So enough is enough .
 this cd will half to grow on me because it has nothing on one in a million what 's wrong with ya 'll are you guys really desperate for AAliyah from her long break I guess so but # 11 is the best and the only song I like and rock the boat is catchy but it did not catch me !!! sorry baby girl !!!
 Ok , ok so it took me two yrs. , to get around to writing a review of this album , but now I 'm finally doin ' it . I was never really into Aaliyah 's music all that much , and the only reason that I bought this album was b/c since , I liked `` Rock the Boat '' , and `` We Need A Resolution '' so much , I based my liking of the album on those songs -LRB- and all the positive hype the album got when Aaliyah 1st pasted , more on that later -RRB- before I even heard the entire LP . And , I must say w / all honesty that when I bought this album , and heard it for the 1st time , it pissed me off b/c I was expecting sooooooo much more than what I got . The two singles I mentioned above her really the ONLY two stand-out tracks . The rest of the album , well ... . I ` ma be brutally honest here ... The other songs sound like `` Thrift Store-made-knock-off - designer imposter-versions of most -LRB- if not all of the songs -RRB- on Janet 's `` Janet '' album . Now , I know Janet was Aaliyah 's idol , and I give this album 2 stars cuz she bit Janet w / this album -LRB- cuz Janet 's my girl too -RRB- but , the fact that she bit off another artist who 's a vet does n't sit well w / me @ all . Moving right along , I mentioned that another reason I bought this album other than for the two singles is b/c of all the hype the album got . Well , when it 1st dawned on me on how bland , and unoriginal this album was , I came to realize that the only reason people were hollering how incredible this album was is b/c here we had a young woman who had her whole life ahead of her -LRB- LITERALLY -RRB- that died MUCH too soon , and that is the only reason . This is indeed the case w / all these people who 've been writing these reviewers claiming how good this album was . C'mon , people ... let 's really be honest w / ourselves . This album is NOWHERE near the masterpiece people have been claiming it was for the past two yrs . -LRB- and who are still claiming that to this day -RRB- . It 's sad that when Aaliyah died , people all of a sudden praised her music , but for the 7 yrs . she was making music before her untimely death , she was LARGELY IGNORED BY THE PUBLIC.Botton line
 I expected more of this album . I thought there would have been more hot beats and a little bit more production from Timbaland . Instead , it seems as if she tried to experiment on different things a little bit too much and it backfired badly . The only bright spots on the album are like the first 3 or 4 songs and then the rest of the album goes downhill from there . Do n't waste your money !!
 I just had to come out of my `` semi-retirement '' to do a review about Aaliyah 's new CD . I may not be the top 100 reviewer , but I feel I know what good music is . I enjoyed Aaliyah 's One In A Million , and Age Ai n't Nuthin ' But a Number , but her self-titled CD is ... flat -LRB- and I 'm being nice -RRB- . I do n't feel any of the tracks , even the current `` We need a resolution '' . Well resolute this ... GET TIMBALAND BACK ! I may be wrong-maybe it will win Grammys-but for now ... Look for my copy on the auction block !
 It 's a very bland album . I did not care for it at all . `` We need a resolution '' was a dumb song . She is very talented and pretty woman but her songs were no good . You could say it was boring . The only good song on this album was `` rock the boat '' and that was about it . If you like Aaliyah , you should just buy the singles and save your money . I 'm glad did not waste my money on this lp .
 Aaliyah is back with her new self titled CD fresh off her No. 1 smash `` Try Again '' . Unfortunately the songs on here fall flat , way flat.Starting off with the first single which is bombing on radio , and at MTV TRL `` We Need A Resolution '' , has no beginning , middle , or end . There is no chorus , there is no hook , MAN ! there is no rhythm.Unfortunately the rest of the album goes in the same direction , Aaliyah takes chances on new sounds and beats but they have no where to go . From her next single `` More Than A Woman '' ... how can I explain this - There is NO song - you need a hook , chorus and rhythm , and it continues with `` I Refuse '' , etc.There are no standout singles here , the album is a mish mash mess . Which is too bad because Aaliyah had a chance with her self titled CD to hit big , but instead it just fizzled.Shows on the Billboard Charts too , where she remains yet to be seen . Her single `` We Need A Resolution '' still ca n't crack the Top 50 of the Billboard Hot 100 , maybe because we need hooks , rhythm and chorus.A absolute and total disappointment .
 How come all of a sudden she 's good just because she 's dead ?
 Vocally Aaliyah is lacking BIG time.She ca n't sing at all.This album is the worst album i 've ever heard.Some songs are ok but most of them should not have been created.I would n't recommend this album to anyone but if you 're looking for your first Aaliyah release , `` One In A Million '' is a good choice .
 Aaliyah was a good person , at least thats what you guys are saying.But do any of you all know her , NO , DID N'T THINK SO !!!! She could have beeen the meanest person in the world , and nobody would know.You all have no idea how crazy you all sound talking about that girl like you all knew her!To me this album was stupid !!! It was not all that good as you all are trying to make it seem -LRB- just cause she dead -RRB- And heres something you guys did n't know , her album was number 55 on the charts for a while , and that 's not good to me.Then she dies and it goes straight to # 1 . Am I the only one that notices how dumb that looks on the fans.You all did n't talk about that girl at all when she was alive.There were never any specials on her really , until she died.She got most of her fame from her dealth.The album sucked.She did a horrible job.I heard that album once , and hated it.Don ' t waste your money coustomers.It 's not worth it . !!! I highly Recommend Brandy 's Full Moon , though ! *
 I really hoped that this one would be a blast . Her album `` One In A Million '' was definitely already a step in the right direction , especially with the inclusion of Timbaland as a producer on half of that albums tracks . What followed was a string of excellent singles and soundtrack cuts like `` Are You That Somebody , '' `` I Do n't Wan na '' and , of course , `` Try Again . '' Next to `` Try Again '' -LRB- it is included on the German version of her new album -RRB- the only other stand-out track on `` Aaliyah '' is `` More Than A Woman , '' once again a collaborative piece with Timbaland . The rest , and I really hate to type it , is disappointing . She is still talented , but she really should look out for better material next time around . She really should go back and `` Try Again '' quite quickly before her star as a singer might fall considerably , and why not work with Timbaland for a whole album for a change ? - August 26 , 2001
 I was very disappointed when I heard this CD . I liked Aailyah 's earlier work . I liked the songs on the radio . And after hearing all the hype about this WONDERFUL CD I went out and bought it and was so dissappointed . I think Aailyah 's voice is beautiful but these songs were n't really that good . To bad this had to be her last works . She could have done so much better .
 Her fans long awaited this CD , but it 's a disappointment to some ... like me . To me , `` Aaliyah '' really is n't worth the money . I listened to the CD all the way through , and out of all the tracks on this CD , there are only three of them that sound good . Those tracks would be `` We Need A Resolution '' , `` More Than A Woman '' , and `` Never No More '' . Of course , her first single off this CD was the reason why I went out and bought it . I thought to myself after listening to this , `` I should 've gotten the single instead . '' I was very disappointed and felt that I wasted my money . It lacks the production that her two previous CDs -LRB- `` One In A Million '' and `` Age Ai n't Nothing But A Number '' -RRB- had . All the beats and the lyrics on Aaliyah 's self-titled CD sound the same , and the lyrics are just plain awful . I recommend you save yourself -LSB- price -RSB- and go buy the `` We Need A Resolution '' single .
 i Think Aaliyah is talented but i would not call this album one of the best cd 's i 've ever heard . although the songs like `` rock the boat '' and `` more than a woman '' are really good the rest of the album is -LRB- sorry Aaliyah -RRB- very lacking , i could even call alot of the songs fillers . I do n't think this cd is worth the money , my advice is to get the singles or download the good songs off the filesharing service.ps . i hope they bring out a best of or greatest hits Aaliyah cd , coz i 'll be getting that one if it comes out .
 I was a huge fan ... but with a release like this , I think she will be losing a big part of her fan base ... not one hit on this album ...
 I have to say that Aaliyah is n't one of my favourite people because I think that her voice is only mediocre and after listening to her album , I have become even more convinced of this fact . I have been brought up listening to well developed singers with excellent vioces , all of which are somewhat naturally talented . Aailyah is n't one of these people . Trust me !! I have listened and listened to this album trying to find that special spark of something that was worth listening to but my tiresome journey has failed -LRB- miserably -RRB- . I would n't advise you buying this album unless you were a complete Aailyah fan otherwise I personally think that it would be a waste of money .
 I remember Aaliyah back in the day . I was a teenager when she came out and remember her first few albums . I felt they were masterpieces compared to this . This one had two many doctored songs , worked over by the studio and Missy . Artists need to stop getting Missy and P. Diddy for everything and be themselves . Everytime Missy produces an album it turns into her and Timbaland . It happened to Monica 's After the Storm and Nicole Wray 's debut -LRB- that 's probably why we ai n't heard of her since -RRB- . I guess if you like Aaliyah you 'd probably want to listen but it 's nothing compared to her first and second albums.As for the debate at hand , I for one side with people who choose to be honest . This album is not all that and Aaliyah has done better . She seemed to grow more on the second album than this one . After Rock The Boat , this album got tired . People need to wake up ! It seems funny how everyone 's checking for Aaliyah now but I remember back in the day in 94 ' how people booed her when she was nominated for Soul Train Awards because she was with R. Kelly . That 's right when Aaliyah first came out she was getting dissed now everyone seems to love her . Yeah , she died and it 's sad but before we overwork our '' worship '' over Aaliyah 's death why not spread some of that to real legends like Gregory Hines and Paul Winfield ? Two people who will go down in history for opening doors ? No one shows them love yet people continue to get mad about a singer who was n't even checking for none of ya 'll . Man please ! Put your energy into something positive and be real . Half of you guys give this album five stars then got the nerve to turn around and give Mary J. Blige albums just two . Please ! Stop fronting ! This album is not Aaliyah 's greatest and the real fans will know she had more to offer on her first and second albums . Peace !
 Yo she was an o.k. singer , but she was no acter . Her new c.d. was wack and everyone knows that . Just because she is no longer with us everyone feels the need to lie and not keep it real . She was tight nahh I 'm lying , she was wack and could n't write a song at all . I think every hit song was written by someone else . She never did tell the truth about her and R.Kelly , that is when she was tight . RIP -- Aaliyah
 ashanti is better than this.avoid aaliyah at all costs .
 ashanti is better than this.avoid aaliyah at all costs .
 Looking through the nonsense scribbled here that are supposed to pass for `` reviews '' I have to laugh . Barely anything is written about the music . Instead , you are presented with incoherent babble about a dead girl . Who cares ? No major loss . And when a review is about the music , there is no explanation whatsoever.I think Aaliyah was a poor talent . Like all R&B singers and bands I have heard . Rap and Hip-Hop , too . It 's funny though , because even though I 'm not a fan of this genre , I probably know more about it than most fans . Oh well.She was a weak Death Metal singer with a poor growl . Instead of this false Grindcore nonsense , I would like to suggest the new Pig Destroyer album , Prowler In the Yard.P.S . When you say `` we miss you Aaliyah '' ... she ca n't hear you . She 's dead .
 Listening to all the tracks on this album , I 've come to the conclusion that Linda Perry , Ms. Osbourne 's producer , who also has produced Gwen Stefani and Pink , has made a gigantic mistake by trying to slip that one , entirely ripped off song by Kelly Osbourne 's unsuspecting fans.In case anyone is wondering , the melody of `` One Word '' was entirely ripped off from Visage 's `` Fade To Grey '' ... right down to the softly spoken French . If a whole album worth of seemingly original material could be produced for Ms. Osbourne , why was it necessary for her to try to sell a total Visage ripoff as her first , chart topping single ? If Michael Bay can be sued for stealing the plot of `` The Island '' from the writers of `` The Clonus Horror '' , ca n't Ms. Osbourne and Linda Perry both be sued by Billy Currie , Christopher Payne and Midge Ure for unauthorized usage of their song ? If I were them , I 'd look into getting some lawyers together on this . I honestly mean that . If you take a good look at this album cover , she even stole Visage 's style there too . Check out the cover for Visage 's `` The Anvil '' and other Visage album covers and pictures and try to tell me she did n't . Ms. Osbourne cited Godard 's `` Alphaville '' as inspiration for her music video for this single . I believe she 's only using it as an excuse to explain why the French language is used in `` One Word '' without being called on it , seeing as `` Fade To Grey '' has a woman speaking the lyrics in French throughout , in the exact same fashion.These other tracks are clearly nothing to write home about , and she seems a bit more `` screamy '' and loud on them . Perhaps because she did n't have Steve Strange 's vocal mold to go by on the other songs?I 'm still amazed she and her producer had the gall to go this far to get a hit on the charts . Two thumbs down from me , as I ca n't possibly support this thievery . Go listen to the real thing , not this pale imitation . If you want something new instead , listen to Ladytron , Client or Adult . or any number of authentic bands who write their own music and do n't feel the need to rip off their predecessors .
 After reading many of the reviews on this site , I 've come to the conclusion that everyone either knows to much or knows to little . Try to guess which I am.I 've listened to this album for a while now . I really respect Linda Perry for trying ... to produce/write a Kelly Osbourne album that would be considered acceptable . Sadly , the weakest part of this album is Kelly 's singing ! Sure her vocals are slowed down and kept simple . So what ! That means she has n't actually improved at all ! They just took her old sound-slowed it down-and gave it a dance beat and took out the slang . -LRB- songs like `` edge of your atmosphere '' , and `` entropy '' sound like rehashed old Kelly songs ! -RRB- I watched the music video -LRB- for One Word -RRB- and Kelly appears elegant , smart , independent , and sexy . All very False ! This album creates a mirage to make you think she has talent . The reality is that Kelly had as much to do with `` Sleeping in the Nothing '' as she did with `` Shut Up . '' Kelly did n't write most of these songs , Linda Perry did . The Kelly in the pictures of this booklet is not the Kelly in real life ! This album is a farce , pure and simple.The truth about Kelly Osbourne : - She gets in bar fights with Christina - She has the Ugliest , most meaningless tattoos I 've ever seen ! -LRB- she looks like a Biker Chick -RRB- - She dates crappy members of crappy Punk-Rock bands -LRB- the used -RRB- -LRB- See-Secret Lover -RRB- - She threw eggs at Bruce Dickinson - She sponges on the talent of others artists -LRB- including Ozzy -RRB- - She Is only famous because she is the Offspring of Ozzy Osbourne - She Hates it when people bring up the `` Reality Show '' -LRB- It was actually very staged ! -RRB- - Other Artists despise -LRB- and/or -RRB- ignore her -LRB- Madonna has never even commented on the Cover Kelly did -RRB- - She took no responsibility for the awful `` Shut Up '' -LRB- she blamed Epic -RRB- - $ haron -LRB- enough said -RRB- $ $ $ $ In short , I 'm glad to see that money cant compensate for talent ! Now ... go listen to Dido or Missy Higgins . You know ... Some one with there own talent !
 What a piece of junk . Some label actually wanted to put out a disc by her ? She has completely no talent and only has a disc out because of Ozzie . Of course some songs sound good - in the studio they can do ANYTHING with her voice . With all the good music out there , why waste your money on this ?
 After hearing Kelly Osbourne 's gorgeous new song `` One Word '' I got the maxi-single and have really enjoyed it , especially the Chris Cox Club remix and the b-side cover of the Human League 's `` the Sound of the Crowd . '' I thought it was a nice direction for her . I 'll admit , I was fully and totally suckered in by that single . I badly wanted to like this cd , I really did . Unlike many I did not judge Kelly Osbourne as an artist just by the image you see in magazines or on TV -LRB- she comes off looking like a spoiled brat on her family TV `` reality '' show , but I am inclined to think that is more about crafty editing than anything else . -RRB- But the bottom like for me -LRB- again , there 's that bottom line ... -RRB- is that there is nothing here on this cd that is as hooky or as memorable as `` One Word '' , nothing I 'd like to hear again , nothing I 'd even want to listen to and pick apart to find something , anything , about it redeeming . These songs all sound like demos . They are undeveloped from a songwriting perspective as well as their overall sound and have that unfortunate `` ProTools '' sound stamped all over them . In other words , they all sound the same , like they were programmed from one tiny Casio keyboard in one day . Some are laughable , some are just downright embaressing . At its best , this kind of eighties derived pop makes you want to want to jump around the room , or head out to the dancefloor . This just makes me want to roll the windows up so no one can hear it coming out of my car stereo . IT 'S THAT BAD . And it 's really a shame , because I had such high hopes for this cd . Granted , writer/producer du jour Linda Perry has worked wonders on many a singer , coaxing great lyrics and great performances out of them -LRB- Pink , Christina Aguilera , et al , please stand up ... -RRB- but this cd ... I do n't know , I 'm just not feeling it . Back to the drawing board , Kells ...
 The music is dated and reeks of early 90 's . Linda Perry , an obvious untalented has-been , wrote all the songs in this horrible CD . There is no inspiration , the songs are simply terrible , the drums are boring ; Perry is a disaster . Kelly should have known the songs were garbage , I find it hard to believe anyone would like them . A couple of high points are that she actually sings pretty well and is aware of her voice limitations . She keeps within her voice range . The first two songs could have been awesome had the teeny bopper bells been deleted and the overkill flanger effect minimized . The second song has a 70 's disco drumbeat that just does n't work - it weakened the song . Song three and four are latrine filler . The rest of the songs are low average . Ok to buy the CD if you like early 90 's music and Kelly 's voice .
 The Good `` One Word '' has a catchy ` sunglasses at night ' keyboard run to it . Instead of shouting , Kelly brings it down to near speaking . The lyrics are quite clever . `` Redlight '' has an up-beat tempo and a great rhythm that compliments Osbourne 's vocals well . `` Secret Lover '' had a Cars or Devo kind of feel . Kelly shows that new wave may actually be the appropriate genre for her.The BadThe back-beat to `` Edge of Your Atmosphere sounds like it was from a pre-programmed Casio keyboard . It 's also pretty lame to quote Veruca Salt from Wilily Wonka and the Chocolate Factory in a song -LRB- `` Secret Love '' -RRB- . `` Do n't Touch Me While I 'm Sleeping '' is the dumbest song about avenging a date rape -LRB- the dumbest ! -RRB- . They really could have taken any marginally talented female artist and have had the same output.The VerdictSanctuary took all the right steps here ; makeover , top-notch writer producer , more popular genre among demographic , and great pop-rock music . The execution however is flawed . We all know after watching The Osbourne 's that this is not the real Kelly Osbourne . She is not a ` pop princess ' .
 Listen to One Word -LRB- the first track on the CD -RRB- and then to the 80s hit `` Fade to Gray '' by Visage . Sounds familiar or what ???
 It would be great if we lived in a world where everyone who was the son or daughter of a famous musician possessed the same amount of talent and ability as his/her parent . Unfortunately , this can not always be the case and it is most certainly not so with Kelly Osbourne . Although her first album `` Shut Up '' was juvenile and annoying , I had high hopes for Kelly when I heard `` One Word , '' the first single released from `` Sleeping In The Nothing . '' The song sounded fresh , interesting , Kelly 's vocals were noticibly understated , and the song 's chorus `` It 's not the way that I want it/It 's just the way that I need it , day after day '' was addictive . I purchased the album almost immediately after it was released and was disappointed to learn that `` One Word '' proved to be the aberration . The majority of `` Sleeping In The Nothing '' sounds nothing like `` One Word '' and is basically an unmemorable attempt to sound like twenty years ago . The songs are bland and cliched , `` Do n't Touch Me While I 'm Sleeping '' is horrible , and the robotic elegance of `` One Word '' is nowhere to be found -LRB- `` One Word '' is , by the way , a rip off version of Visage 's `` Fade To Grey '' -RRB- . In addition , Kelly 's heavy reliance on songwriter Linda Perry makes this more Perry 's album than Kelly 's . I 'll give her two stars for a second effort , but if I were Kelly Osbourne , I would try another creative outlet . She could try painting , knitting , raising llamas ... but not singing .
 Marianne Faithfull 's Vagabond Ways , released in America in 2000 , was something of a return to form after over a decade of feeble releases and redundant compilations . Fans and critics reacted to Vagabond Ways with the kind of enthusiasm and praise Faithfull had n't received in since 1979 . It seemed as if Faithfull was finally finding the emotional maturity and personal vision to move beyond the badly-lacquered , dusty and increasingly dishonest faux-Brechtian persona she had adopted and become dependent on during her years with producer Hal Wilner and after.Unfortunately , Kissin Time finds Faithfull back in the dog house , and apparently in the clutches of a group of flamboyant hairdressers , fashion-week fanatics and young-thing media addicts . A closer look reveals this assemblage to be musicians and producers Jarvis Cocker , Beck Hanson , Billy Corgan , Damon Albarn and Blur , Etienne Daho , and Dave Stewart . Strangely , Faithfull is hilariously listed with a ` Lead Vocal ' credit on each track , suggesting she 's become a guest artist on her own album . For the first time , Faithfull talks or talk-sings a large portion of or all of each song , which is n't interesting in itself and does n't mesh well with the kind of nouveau pop sensibilities attempted here.Beck Hanson 's ` Sex With Strangers , ' one of his would-be hip , triple-layers-of-irony Midnight Vultures-era concoctions is instantly disposable
 ... and I said , `` Hey , are n't you Marianne Faithfull ? '' And she was like , `` Yes . '' She lit a cigarette . I said to her , `` I just picked up ` Kissin Time ' at my local cd store . '' She said , `` You and everyone else I know . '' I laughed and said , `` Well , not to be rude , but , like , what was the point of this record ? '' She smiled and said , `` Have a seat . '' I did . We sat next to each other at the bar . I ordered a vodka with lime , she had a club soda . `` I appreciate the question , '' she said . `` You know , I just wanted to have some fun , invite a few international musical icons to collaborate with me . '' `` I see , '' I said . `` That makes sense , '' I said , `` what with the kids these days . '' `` Right , '' she said . `` It 's not a very good record , is it ? '' she said . `` No , '' I said , '' it 's not . ` Sex with Strangers ' is fun , and the stuff with Billy Corgan is OK , but that second song is god-awful and the Jarvis Cocker number , ` Sliding Through Life on Charm ' is so obvious . '' `` The critics all loved that one , '' she said blowing smoke away from me . `` What do they know , '' I said with a wink . '' ` Nobody 's Fault ' is a nice cover , '' I said , `` but for some reason , that song seemed so much better when it came out a few years ago . '' `` Really ? '' she said . `` You know , I really like that one . '' `` Well , you 're allowed , '' I said . `` In all , '' I said , `` the whole thing is inconsistent and sloppy . Call me conservative , but I like you doing Kurt Weill . You are the best interpreter since Lotte Lenya . '' `` Why , thank you , '' she said . `` I would love to see you do a Noel Coward record , too , '' I said . `` You know , '' she said , `` if you 've got millions of dollars , we 'll do it . '' `` Honey , '' I said , `` I just spent my last fiver on this here drink . '' She lifted her glass , I lifted mine , we toasted old habits , and she walked away . I did n't ask for an autograph . I never believed in them .
 I 'm a fan of BNH 's style and CDs of the mid - '90s and was excited to find out that they put out a new disc with the old lineup . I was really disappointed in the slower tempos , lack of vocal bounce and general feeling of tiredness coming through . I can see how people who like a more sedate and `` mature '' approach might like this , but I miss the energy and positive vibe of the old BNH.It 's great when musicians `` grow , '' but it works best when they are able to discern the framework that got people to like them and develop that framework . This disc abandons the brightness that made BNH so refreshing in the past and replaces it with a kind of weariness that is unbecoming for this band .
 A lot of the songs on the BNH 's new release did not grab me . The best song on here is `` All fired up '' IMO . This cut is funky . I welcome and applaud the musicianship on here , but compared to `` Shelter '' this cd falls short of my expectations . I 'm all for sticking with a formula , but they need to mix their signature sound with a more updated sound IMO . This cd lacks experimentation and artistic growth . Welcome back BNH , but please take risks on your next cd .
 i use to really be digging this band back in the early to late 90 's , but they just got stuck on a groove & now seem desperate to re-connect when if they had have kept things on point they would be ahead of the musical curve . bringing back N'Dea is a little too late now . a New producer & some new Songwriting ideas might do them some good . there first 3 albums were cool , but it 's been a good minute since I felt anything by them . there are Grooves , Hooks & Runs in there music , but this ai n't like it use to be . glad they are still around doing there thing , but I feel they need to up-date there sound & add some new writing .
 `` Get Used to It '' and `` We wo n't stop '' are TBNH releases that share the same category
 Ouch . These guys should call it quits and start a side band . It 's obvious that the Heavies have become a cash cow for themselves and Delicious Vinyl . Their debut album was great and by far their best . Heavy Rhyme Expeirience Vol 1 -LRB- where 's Vol 2 ! -RRB- was also good and does n't get played near enough . I though the end had come with Shelter , but Siedah Garrett brought some much needed songwriting abilities to the band , and the album has aged well . And then I saw that they got N'dea back ! No more Maxim cover models turned singers!Unfortunately , this album is really bad in every respect . Too much N'dea `` OoOoOoyeah yeah ! '' and she ca n't hit the lows anymore either . Redeeming signature BNH instrumentals ? Nope . These guys could be so good ... . is n't there someone out there who can produce them and get them in touch with a song writer?Maybe they should forget about getting a pretty face to front the band , and stick Andrew Levy up there to sing ... . and they should all get back to basics .
 While hyped as Gus Gus ' new album , GUS GUS VS T-WORLD is actually just repackaged tracks from proto-Gus Gus effort T-World -LRB- circa 1995 -RRB- . It 's a collection of boring house mixes . Little on here is actually fun to listen to , and they all lack the characteristic Gus Gus groove that -LRB- sadly ex - -RRB- members Daniel Agust and Hafdis Huld brought to the band because they had yet to join Biggi Veira and Herb Legowitz and make the Gus Gus most of us know.The album is doing well on the dance charts as I write this , and I agree that some of the songs here might make a good background for those looking for uninvolving techno , but those expecting a bona fide Gus Gus release are going to be disappointed .
 As you have probably heard this is an instrumental cd , and that 's fine , but I would have to argue that it is a fairly mediocre one , especially if you compare it to GusGus 's past work . This is a far cry from their first two albums and is n't really very satisfying . The entire feel of the album leans toward the generic house side of gusgus rather than the innovative quirky side . This also is n't -LRB- as the sticker on the cd claims -RRB- a cd with seven new tracks . Purple was released on the Polydistortion album and Anthem was on the PI soundtrack . While Purple is one of their classics and -LRB- in my mind -RRB- arguably the best track on this weak EP/LP -LRB- I ca n't quite tell which it is supposed to be ... -RRB- , Northen Lighs and Anthem do somewhat stand out as solid tracks . The rest of the cd is pretty much expendable ... It almost is n't fair to call this a gusgus album seeing that only three of its original nine members were in on the creation of it . Now that Hafdis is gone and many others have left , gusgus looks to be a band on their way out , which is really quite sad because I love their older work . But judging by the quality of this cd -LRB- produced seemingly , by the only existing members of gusgus -RRB- they do n't have much left to offer .
 On it 's own , this record may be -LRB- barely -RRB- decent , but compared to Gus Gus ' other efforts it is surprisingly lame , boring , monotonous , unoriginal , etc. . I know it 's their earlier work , and perhaps they were ahead of their time -- but instead of appreciating their `` roots '' it 's much more enjoyable to listen to their more developed recordings . This CD has no standout tracks , save for `` purple '' , which was already released on their other records . This CD does not seem like a `` Gus Gus '' CD -- it could be anybody making mediocre techno music with a synthesizer and boring samples . Buyers beware , for die-hard fans only ...
 Polydistortion is , in my opinion , one of the greatest albums in the last decade . So what 's the deal with this stuff ? Frankly , its not horrible . Anthem is catchy , and the rest of the CD makes great background music for your party . But its unadulterated suburban dance club music , plain and simple . It 's stunning that a band could deteriorate this bad this fast . You might like it , but promise me you 'll at least listen to it first . Keep your mind open and your expectations low low low .
 This would have been the only reason I would have bought it , but it 's missing from the soundtrack . Luckily I found this track on the Kill Bill Vol 1 album .
 The only reason I 'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is `` Moment of Truth '' by Survivor . It 's a song that bears repeated listening , unlike the others , which are throwaways . You can download `` Moment of Truth '' on iTunes or just about any music download site , so I would n't even bother getting this.It 's a shame that Bill Conti would n't release his orchestral music , with the Pan Flute and string-sounding instruments , in a wide release . That 's the heart and soul of the film , in my opinion . I checked on the Varese Sarabande website , and a limited edition of the Bill Conti score for all 4 movies in one 4-disc set is indeed available ; exclusively through them , of course . There 's a limited supply , and the sets are about $ 45 each . I do n't know why they could n't have the soundtrack for each movie available separately , and why they had to make it a limited supply . Anyway , if you want the scores for just the first 2 movies -LRB- minus a couple of the tracks on the `` official '' releases -RRB- , for much cheaper , just copy and past the following into Google ; you 'll come across some sites that have it , -LRB- legally as far as I know -RRB-
 This album should be called `` Songs from The Karate Kid '' . I expected to see some of the songs on this album but not ` only ' the songs . Where is the beautiful instrumental music from Bill Conti ? A major disappointment .
 What 's the 4-1-1 ? If you were just a kid in 1984 , chances are you loved this movie . It was your typical ` fish out of water ' story . Young Daniel -LRB- Ralph Macchio -RRB- moves to a new neighborhood and gets picked on by the high school bullies . At the same time he 's fallen for the most popular girl in school -LRB- Elizabeth Shue -RRB- , who just happens to be connected to the main bully Johnny that keeps kicking the crap out of Daniel . All the bullies belong to the local karate studio the Cobra Kai 's . They train for ` no mercy ' and that 's just what they give to Daniel . Eventually his landlord Mr. Miyagi takes him under his wing.Sure , the first thing you start to think is , he 's clearly going to teach him karate so he can fight back . I mean he is from Okinawa and all . Nope , Mr. Miyagi makes Daniel wax his car , sand his deck , paint his house , and paint his fence . However , there 's a plot twist . All these hard labor tasks are actually karate blocks . Once that is discovered -LRB- and all of Mr. Miyagi 's house chores are completed -RRB- Daniel begins training for the big karate tournament . Ironically enough he makes it to the finals to face Johnny . Just when you think he 's down and out , Daniel breaks out the secret ` crane technique ' to win the match , get the girl , and earn Johnny 's respect.As for the soundtrack , I 'm not sure that The Flirts and Jan & Dean were relevant at the time , but their song `` Bop Bop -LRB- on the Beach -RRB- made it to the soundtrack . It 's been a while since I 've seen the movie , but this probably played during the beach party scene . Why they included this instead of `` Cruel Summer '' , I 'll never know . What 's an overcoming the odds movie without a song by Survivor ? The Moment of Truth is more keyboard oriented than their past guitar heavy anthems . The song builds to an over-the-top chorus . `` No Shelter '' by Broken Edge adds a little new wave sound to things with its muted riffs and driving keys . `` Young Hearts '' by Commuter is a catchy power-pop love theme . You know , the kind of song that plays in the background of a montage where the guy and girl are shown doing things together . I may be wrong , but I 'm pretty sure that Gang of Four is a punk band . 1984 must have been the year they sold out because `` Desire '' is more of a pop song . I guess their could be another Gang of Four . Finally , the big tournament anthem `` You 're the Best '' by Joe ` Bean ' Eposito rounds out the soundtrack . I love the songs energy and emotion , but damn it 's short.The VerdictI bought this soundtrack for just one song -LRB- `` You 're the Best '' -RRB- , hoping that the other songs would be just as good . I was wrong . There were one or two that I liked , but the rest were just crap . I did n't even recall most of them from the movie.Did You Know?The name ` The Karate Kid ' was actually a character in a D.C. Comic book series . Special permission was given by D.C. for the term to be used . Ralph Macchio passed on the role of Marty McFly in Back to the Future .
 Loved the film when it first came out and have seen it many times since . There is only one song on this CD that creates the excitement experienced when you watch the movie , You 're The Best , and for me , it was worth getting the CD for just that song .
 I am a dyed in the wool Iggy Fan , and love all of Iggy / Stooges material from 1969 throughout -LRB- Ave. B is so so though -RRB- . Wake up suckers is very poorly recorded , and the quality and sound levels change from track to track . Iggy sounds really wasted on several tracks , and even forgets the lyrics to Gim me Danger ! You are way better off buying Iggys studio albums and Raw Power . Especially get FUNHOUSE ! Unbeleivable stuff for 1970 ! Also New Values , and Soldier are supreme IGG-Monster .
 But you ca n't blame the guy . He 's got to eat just like the rest of us . Back in 1968 he noticed that Christmas records just sell and sell and sell , so he recorded one -LRB- `` The New Possibility '' -RRB- and would n't you know , it became his best seller - not Blind Joe Death , not Railroad , not The Yellow Princess or any of those other masterpieces . So he put out more Christmas albums over the years -LRB- I think I count five -RRB- and this is the ickiest one of the lot - can you stand `` The Skater 's Waltz '' or `` Do You Hear what I Hear '' ? The music is mostly duets with Terry Robb , and most mellifluous they are too . And I guess guitarists will like the arrangements . But as a Fahey record , this is for completists .
 There are three very good tracks on this CD featuring Knopfler on guitar . The rest is basic Irish music featuring a traditional Irish type of flute . It is an aquired taste . I found it to be high pitched and annoying . The music works well as the soundtrack of the movie which is love story set in the background of the IRA . But , the story is bleak and depressing , and so is the music . Out of the context of the movie , the music is n't that pleasant to listen to , and would be a real downer for a Sunday brunch or a dinner party . Someone calls it challenging . It is a challenge to sit through it.If you like the Titanic soundtrack , you would probably appreciate this . As a bonus , you do n't have to listen to Celine Dion sing .
 This CD is billed as cruising music ; however it would be better described as a blues CD . Sarah performs the entire album with a six string and a very bluesy voice . Overall the songs are about boats and people but very little content to get you motivated . I would recommend you listen to it before you spend money on it . .
 I first heard their collection called Zabagabee
 I just purchased this CD today and read a few reviews on Amazon before I opened it up . Almost all but a couple -LRB- or few -RRB- reviewers loved the CD and the band , but those two or three thought otherwise . The complaint I most agreed with was the CD 's blandness , it 's inability to provide a consistency of individual , good songs . On their own , the songs are n't bad , but as a CD they fit almost too perfectly together . None of the songs really stand out , especially as the CD progresses.Don ' t get me wrong , some of the songs are really good . Concrete Sounds is amazing , and Penelope and X.I.Y. are good -LRB- as is Seville , which has nice little riffs throughout it -RRB- . My only problem with the CD is the presentation . It 's a very mellow CD , and the songs seem to fade into each other almost as one long song . Of course there are differences in the songs , but they are n't catchy jumps that grab your attention . Then again , that 's not the kind of music this is.The first and only Pinback song I 'd heard before this album was off the Absolutely Kosher Records sampler . The song , Microtonic Wave , was good . It hinted at an experimental band that managed to do as much as it could while staying downbeat and mellow . What I expected from Blue Screen Life was more of that , a group of songs that were all different but could easily be recognized as Pinback.I guess , in general , the CD is too mellow for my tastes . I 'd say close to 33 of the 35 people who reviewed this CD on Amazon loved it , one guy even said this was one of those `` cd 's that remind you why you love music in the first place '' . So , I guess I 'm in the minority . I still have n't listened to any other Pinback , but I plan on checking out their self-titled and Offcell . From what I can tell , if you like Pinback you 'll like this CD . If you 're just looking for some music to mellow out , I recommend the Postal Service or Death Cab for Cutie.I ca n't help but think I 'm just missing the point .
 The first 2 songs are good indeed , but all the others are super-kitsch , really horrible , over , disgusting ! Try to find the right CDs from this master . I had read the other reviews and bought this one , and now I feel like throwing it through the window .
 This album is no good . It has those thick orchestral parts that make me sick!Wes deserves all the homages and admiration but if you 're looking for the great sound from this master , do n't buy this album !
 There is no bigger fan of jazz guitar or rock guitar than me . I cut my jazz teeth on Wes and Grant Green . They are both great but this disc is not . It sucks you in at the beginning of nearly every track and then the strings come in and you just want to vomit . Did this stuff really sell in 1965 ? Elevator music in the extreme . Sorry Wes . Jazz fans , seek out the Fantasy Jazz titles . `` Incredible Jazz Guitar '' is the ultimate . All the others are good or great . Forget this turkey .
 The Good `` One Word '' has a catchy ` sunglasses at night ' keyboard run to it . Instead of shouting , Kelly brings it down to near speaking . The lyrics are quite clever . `` Redlight '' has an up-beat tempo and a great rhythm that compliments Osbourne 's vocals well . `` Secret Lover '' had a Cars or Devo kind of feel . Kelly shows that new wave may actually be the appropriate genre for her.The BadThe back-beat to `` Edge of Your Atmosphere sounds like it was from a pre-programmed Casio keyboard . It 's also pretty lame to quote Veruca Salt from Wilily Wonka and the Chocolate Factory in a song -LRB- `` Secret Love '' -RRB- . `` Do n't Touch Me While I 'm Sleeping '' is the dumbest song about avenging a date rape -LRB- the dumbest ! -RRB- . They really could have taken any marginally talented female artist and have had the same output.The VerdictSanctuary took all the right steps here ; makeover , top-notch writer producer , more popular genre among demographic , and great pop-rock music . The execution however is flawed . We all know after watching The Osbourne 's that this is not the real Kelly Osbourne . She is not a ` pop princess ' .
 Listen to One Word -LRB- the first track on the CD -RRB- and then to the 80s hit `` Fade to Gray '' by Visage . Sounds familiar or what ???
 It would be great if we lived in a world where everyone who was the son or daughter of a famous musician possessed the same amount of talent and ability as his/her parent . Unfortunately , this can not always be the case and it is most certainly not so with Kelly Osbourne . Although her first album `` Shut Up '' was juvenile and annoying , I had high hopes for Kelly when I heard `` One Word , '' the first single released from `` Sleeping In The Nothing . '' The song sounded fresh , interesting , Kelly 's vocals were noticibly understated , and the song 's chorus `` It 's not the way that I want it/It 's just the way that I need it , day after day '' was addictive . I purchased the album almost immediately after it was released and was disappointed to learn that `` One Word '' proved to be the aberration . The majority of `` Sleeping In The Nothing '' sounds nothing like `` One Word '' and is basically an unmemorable attempt to sound like twenty years ago . The songs are bland and cliched , `` Do n't Touch Me While I 'm Sleeping '' is horrible , and the robotic elegance of `` One Word '' is nowhere to be found -LRB- `` One Word '' is , by the way , a rip off version of Visage 's `` Fade To Grey '' -RRB- . In addition , Kelly 's heavy reliance on songwriter Linda Perry makes this more Perry 's album than Kelly 's . I 'll give her two stars for a second effort , but if I were Kelly Osbourne , I would try another creative outlet . She could try painting , knitting , raising llamas ... but not singing .
 After hearing Kelly Osbourne 's gorgeous new song `` One Word '' I got the maxi-single and have really enjoyed it , especially the Chris Cox Club remix and the b-side cover of the Human League 's `` the Sound of the Crowd . '' I thought it was a nice direction for her . I 'll admit , I was fully and totally suckered in by that single . I badly wanted to like this cd , I really did . Unlike many I did not judge Kelly Osbourne as an artist just by the image you see in magazines or on TV -LRB- she comes off looking like a spoiled brat on her family TV `` reality '' show , but I am inclined to think that is more about crafty editing than anything else . -RRB- But the bottom like for me -LRB- again , there 's that bottom line ... -RRB- is that there is nothing here on this cd that is as hooky or as memorable as `` One Word '' , nothing I 'd like to hear again , nothing I 'd even want to listen to and pick apart to find something , anything , about it redeeming . These songs all sound like demos . They are undeveloped from a songwriting perspective as well as their overall sound and have that unfortunate `` ProTools '' sound stamped all over them . In other words , they all sound the same , like they were programmed from one tiny Casio keyboard in one day . Some are laughable , some are just downright embaressing . At its best , this kind of eighties derived pop makes you want to want to jump around the room , or head out to the dancefloor . This just makes me want to roll the windows up so no one can hear it coming out of my car stereo . IT 'S THAT BAD . And it 's really a shame , because I had such high hopes for this cd . Granted , writer/producer du jour Linda Perry has worked wonders on many a singer , coaxing great lyrics and great performances out of them -LRB- Pink , Christina Aguilera , et al , please stand up ... -RRB- but this cd ... I do n't know , I 'm just not feeling it . Back to the drawing board , Kells ...
 The music is dated and reeks of early 90 's . Linda Perry , an obvious untalented has-been , wrote all the songs in this horrible CD . There is no inspiration , the songs are simply terrible , the drums are boring ; Perry is a disaster . Kelly should have known the songs were garbage , I find it hard to believe anyone would like them . A couple of high points are that she actually sings pretty well and is aware of her voice limitations . She keeps within her voice range . The first two songs could have been awesome had the teeny bopper bells been deleted and the overkill flanger effect minimized . The second song has a 70 's disco drumbeat that just does n't work - it weakened the song . Song three and four are latrine filler . The rest of the songs are low average . Ok to buy the CD if you like early 90 's music and Kelly 's voice .
 Listening to all the tracks on this album , I 've come to the conclusion that Linda Perry , Ms. Osbourne 's producer , who also has produced Gwen Stefani and Pink , has made a gigantic mistake by trying to slip that one , entirely ripped off song by Kelly Osbourne 's unsuspecting fans.In case anyone is wondering , the melody of `` One Word '' was entirely ripped off from Visage 's `` Fade To Grey '' ... right down to the softly spoken French . If a whole album worth of seemingly original material could be produced for Ms. Osbourne , why was it necessary for her to try to sell a total Visage ripoff as her first , chart topping single ? If Michael Bay can be sued for stealing the plot of `` The Island '' from the writers of `` The Clonus Horror '' , ca n't Ms. Osbourne and Linda Perry both be sued by Billy Currie , Christopher Payne and Midge Ure for unauthorized usage of their song ? If I were them , I 'd look into getting some lawyers together on this . I honestly mean that . If you take a good look at this album cover , she even stole Visage 's style there too . Check out the cover for Visage 's `` The Anvil '' and other Visage album covers and pictures and try to tell me she did n't . Ms. Osbourne cited Godard 's `` Alphaville '' as inspiration for her music video for this single . I believe she 's only using it as an excuse to explain why the French language is used in `` One Word '' without being called on it , seeing as `` Fade To Grey '' has a woman speaking the lyrics in French throughout , in the exact same fashion.These other tracks are clearly nothing to write home about , and she seems a bit more `` screamy '' and loud on them . Perhaps because she did n't have Steve Strange 's vocal mold to go by on the other songs?I 'm still amazed she and her producer had the gall to go this far to get a hit on the charts . Two thumbs down from me , as I ca n't possibly support this thievery . Go listen to the real thing , not this pale imitation . If you want something new instead , listen to Ladytron , Client or Adult . or any number of authentic bands who write their own music and do n't feel the need to rip off their predecessors .
 After reading many of the reviews on this site , I 've come to the conclusion that everyone either knows to much or knows to little . Try to guess which I am.I 've listened to this album for a while now . I really respect Linda Perry for trying ... to produce/write a Kelly Osbourne album that would be considered acceptable . Sadly , the weakest part of this album is Kelly 's singing ! Sure her vocals are slowed down and kept simple . So what ! That means she has n't actually improved at all ! They just took her old sound-slowed it down-and gave it a dance beat and took out the slang . -LRB- songs like `` edge of your atmosphere '' , and `` entropy '' sound like rehashed old Kelly songs ! -RRB- I watched the music video -LRB- for One Word -RRB- and Kelly appears elegant , smart , independent , and sexy . All very False ! This album creates a mirage to make you think she has talent . The reality is that Kelly had as much to do with `` Sleeping in the Nothing '' as she did with `` Shut Up . '' Kelly did n't write most of these songs , Linda Perry did . The Kelly in the pictures of this booklet is not the Kelly in real life ! This album is a farce , pure and simple.The truth about Kelly Osbourne : - She gets in bar fights with Christina - She has the Ugliest , most meaningless tattoos I 've ever seen ! -LRB- she looks like a Biker Chick -RRB- - She dates crappy members of crappy Punk-Rock bands -LRB- the used -RRB- -LRB- See-Secret Lover -RRB- - She threw eggs at Bruce Dickinson - She sponges on the talent of others artists -LRB- including Ozzy -RRB- - She Is only famous because she is the Offspring of Ozzy Osbourne - She Hates it when people bring up the `` Reality Show '' -LRB- It was actually very staged ! -RRB- - Other Artists despise -LRB- and/or -RRB- ignore her -LRB- Madonna has never even commented on the Cover Kelly did -RRB- - She took no responsibility for the awful `` Shut Up '' -LRB- she blamed Epic -RRB- - $ haron -LRB- enough said -RRB- $ $ $ $ In short , I 'm glad to see that money cant compensate for talent ! Now ... go listen to Dido or Missy Higgins . You know ... Some one with there own talent !
 What a piece of junk . Some label actually wanted to put out a disc by her ? She has completely no talent and only has a disc out because of Ozzie . Of course some songs sound good - in the studio they can do ANYTHING with her voice . With all the good music out there , why waste your money on this ?
 I 've listened to enough John Fahey to know this disk is way sub par . Terrible selection . Dull presentation . Very dissapointed with this disk .
 RUN FOR COVER has the dubious distinction of having two of Gary 's most pedestrian songs ever
 Fans of 80 's rock can tell you that the genre has a distinctive feel and sound replete with what is now considered cliches not just in the big hair and tight pants but also in the vocals and instrumental stylings which define the genre and make it distinctive to listeners over the years . This album by Gary Moore is very representative of the time although representing a more toned-down commercial version unlike the harder and personally for me more preferable side of the genre ala Metallica , Megadeth and especially Iron Maiden and is much more like a Poison or Warrant or dare I say it , Judas Priest type album.Although Gary sings throughout I think it 's clear that he 's a much better guitarist ; his vocals can be described as adequate and in no way falls in the same league as say Coverdale or Dickenson or even Ben Johnson of AC/DC and so the real strength of the album lies in the guitar work for the songs which are all written by Gary except for the strongest tracks `` Military Man '' and the bonus track which is the best track on this cd `` Still In Love With You '' which were written by his great pal and the bass player from his former band Thin Lizzy , Phil Lynott which has excellent guitar solos full of feeling and incredible phrasing and I think is Gary 's best ever overall solo showing that you do n't need to play fast all the time to be good . The solos are so good that even the greatest ever slow guitar soloist , David Gilmour , of Pink Floyd would have been proud . `` Once In a Lifetime '' is the commercial Top-40 type hit which is a great pop number complete with synthsiser although the guitar solo is a real killer and I 'm going to learn it note for note when I get the time . It reminds me a lot of a Starship from `` Knee Deep In the Hoopla '' kinda tune . `` All Messed Up '' though has great slide guitar work and helps to reinforce the fact that Gary is a complete guitarist.Overall , the content is consistently strong from start to finish and represents the best songwriting and is a great leap in that department when compared with say `` Corridors of Power '' . Other than the one already mentioned i.e. the cd 's best track , the other bonus tracks
 RUN FOR COVER has the dubious distinction of having two of Gary 's most pedestrian songs ever
 Reviewer 's Log , Sunday , Oct 31 11:45 PM11 :46 ... Finished off a hard football Sunday with about a sixer of Hacker-Pschorr , two or three Old Peculiers and lord knows what else . Room spinning . Ready to review new Tea Party disc .11:48 Detect some mighty hard rockin ' . Apparently the writing 's on the wall and Jeff and the boys are pissed . Same here .11:51 Peeeeuuuw ! Okay , looks like they decided to sequence the mandatory power-cheeze ballad at the beginning . Good , I hate discovering that darn thing after about 35 minutes . `` Requiem '' * nearly * ruined _ The Interzone Mantras _ for me .11:57 Clever title , `` One Step Closer Away '' . You are clever Mr. Jeff Martin . You ooze cleverness from each and every blessed Canadian pore .12:01 What the ... passed out for a minute there , thought I heard something about having a drink and a laugh and promising someone an ocean . Must have dreamt that crap , there 's no way the Tea Party would write such cliche-ridden tripe . Is there ? 12:05 Hmm ... it took them * five * songs to get to the morroccan percussion . Something 's not right here . `` Luxuria '' playing standard composition 101 whole-step-key-change-at-the-end-of-song arithmetic ... clever , clever Jeff . Stomach feels like alien baby is kicking .12:07 What ? Ca n't see the CD playlist . Actually , I can see it , five of them , in fact . What is this warmed-over Hoobastank noise behind it though ? 12:10 Okay , this is more like it . . I think I like this song . We 've made the anger in Jeff ! But how did we do that after paying $ 30 for an expensive import of this mediocre album ? 12:13 Sweet ... `` The Watcher . '' Cower as Jeff Martin harnesses the power of religious metaphor ! This does n't go anywhere towards vindicating these drama queens from pairing with Scott Stapp , but hey , courting the Evanescence Christian Light crowd might be a savvy business move .12:17 -LRB- The blurb for `` empty glass '' would be here except it was time to get another beer . -RRB- 12:20 A duet with Fiona Apple 's lawful good twin is not helping matters any .12:25 Has it really been this long since we heard a guitar solo ? Man , I could use a few more minutes of shredding to help wash the taste of fecal matter from my mouth ... oh crud , the disc is over .
 The Tea Party . Devastatingly powerful , haunting , and exquisitely beautiful . I 've had the sheer honor to watch their evolution since ` 94 and attended a goodly sum of live shows -LRB- all of which were naught short of divine -RRB- . They 've traversed from blues , folk , industrial , eastern fusion to six kinds o ' rock n ' roll . Honestly their discography is a part of my soul . Alas , this maudlin swan dive dubbed Seven Circles succumbs to monotonous banality.Despite having a flawless track record up to this point , there have been some questionable decisions made by the band in recent years . Most notably employing the help of Sc * tt St * pp & Seven Circles producers Gavin Brown & B * b R * ck . And let us give an honorable mention to the latter . That vile despicable wretched loathsome li'l speck of flesh has fouled all the sacred territory he has , for unknown reasons , been allowed to walk . May his soul rot in putrid foulness.There is also the issue of releasing anemic radio-friendly ballads as singles time and time again -LRB- heaven coming down , messenger , angels , soulbreaking , stargazer , oceans -RRB- . Anyhoo ... onward to Seven Circles -LRB- 7c -RRB- . Through trial and error I have found that the best way to abide this album is to be distressingly drunk and having the volume knob at 11 . Nevertheless , I find some of the insipid lyrics still grate my brain in this state . To name a few -LRB- warning
 The majority of what I wished to say has already been said here , but I feel compelled to throw as much criticism as possible at this album . Why ? Because this band should 've known better . Seven Circles is a solid modern rock album that would have made a lovely debut for any up and coming band . Once the Tea Party name was attached to this recording , expectations shot up while the worth of the album dropped down . Way down.Unlike some of the other reviewers , I 've completely enjoyed * every * Tea Party disc . Some find Triptych to be too commercial - I see it as evolution . Interzone Mantras feels like a louder Tea Party , still vibrant , but evolved . Seven Circles , however , sounds like a band moving backwards - just without all the good stuff . The riffs are basic , the songs are unremarkable , and the lyrics are often worse than those scribbled into the notebooks of sad junior high school kids everywhere . Oceans and Empty Glass are particularly horrible to listen to lyrically.At points , this album almost delievered . One Step Closer Away started out moody and held my attention until the ridiculous chorus kicked in . How in the world did anyone think that transition would work ? It sounds like a cut-and-paste of two completely different songs . The female vocal on Wishing You Would Stay is something that I 'm wishing would have gone -LRB- clever , eh ? -RRB- . Some tracks were pretty good -LRB- Luxuria , Seven Circles -RRB- , but the latter fell totally flat when it had every opportunity to spiral into a fantastic crescendo . Everything about this album was just missing something.I want to be critical of this album for a good reason - the Tea Party can do much better and they should know it . Their fans have high expectations of them because they 're such a talented and creative group of musicians . Being vocal in the disappointment of this album is n't meant to be negative ; rather , a sort of tough love . We know they can do better and * want * them to do better . I 'll be there to buy the next album , too , but I can only hope they learn from this mistake and do their talents justice next time around .
 I have been a long time fan of The Tea Party . I have all the official releases and still listen to all of them up to now . I have come to expect a change in the music and feel of the band . What I was n't prepared for was this . Of all the releases I have to say that this is the one I do n't listen to . The only two tracks I do listen to are Writings on the Wall , and Seven Circles . It 's not a lack of musical talent or substance , rather a lack of good quality sound . Although I am saddned by the news of the band breaking up , I take comfort in knowing that they will not continue if this is whats to be expected . For those of you who are new to TTP go and get The Edges of Twilight and Transmission . The others albums are great , but you must first become a fan to appreciate them
 I ca n't express how let down I am by this album . I love the Tea Party and have seen them Live several times and its an awe inspiring experience . This Album however is not . I got ta say the alarm bells went off when I heard Bob Rock was producing , but I still went out and bought it thinking he could n't do that much damage . How wrong I was ! This album has no soul and every single song sounds the same . Gone is the magical dynamic and rich tapestrey where every Tea Party song sounded unique . I listened to this album several times hoping I would warm to it but I 'm afraid it just annoyed me more to see such a talented and experimental band who are great songwriters put out an album like this . The only reason I give this album any stars is that its not possible with amazon ratings to give it a zero , otherwise I would have .
 A lackluster effort that was shelved within a week . This band is capable of so much more that it hurts to listen to this release .
 Look , I have been in absolute awe of the Tea Prty ever since `` Edges of Twilight '' came out ... before that , `` Splendor Solis '' a great album ... after edges ... `` Transmission '' , Hard , aggresive , and different . Then `` Triptych '' lighter but a great strong album ... Then , `` Interzone Mantras '' dirty gritty recording lots of attack , darker than triptych and unreal . . Now `` Seven Circles '' ? What is this ? I am not about to bash these guys they are one of my favorite bands of all time . But Circles is a real let down ... It 's very ummm well , not like the Tea Party . I completely understand bands grow , change and mold themselves again and again and i am a fan and respect that , when it works . I listen to this album i feel like i am listening to the Goo Goo Dolls . . a very polished recording ... production on the drums is n't what it used to be . . the guitar work is a little different . . oh do n't get me wrong his talent is still there . That independant sound they have been known for is not present here . Where are the SYNTHS ??? where are all those world instruments . . `` Luxuria seems to be the only track on the album that resembles the Tea Party . If you are a fan of past albums 1 of them or all , this disc will be a let down . . It 's not terrible , or the worst i have ever heard , but i fear this might be the begining of the end when it comes to the Tea Party and myself . Honestly it seems like they tried to conform to a certain genre or style and held themselves back . `` Writings on the Wall '' has power and force behind it but i still find it a challenge to really like it and listen to it.I think the Tea Party will lose some of their fan base but in return start gaining a new one and i wish them the best of luck ... Get the album listen to it ... If you like it that 's great ... If you do n't I am sorry and the best we can do is hope that the next effort by them is better and they get out of this `` Seven Circles '' downward spiral ... It 's a sad time ...
 It has already been said , ok rock album , but disappointing release from such an innovative & talented band . As far as the guy who said Bob rock was a good choice , Bob Rock = bad albums , i.e. Metallica & Our Lady Peace .
 This band has taken every bit oftalent and originality they had and thrown it all away in favor of Tom Morello guitar riffs . They sound like a bad -LRB- der -RRB- version of Audioslave . RIP .
 THE TEA PARTY SHOULD BE ASHAMED FOR RELEASING THIS SUB PAR PEICE OF TRASH . THIS CD IS RADIO TEA PARTY AT BEST . WHERE IS THE GREAT GUITAR WORK THAT WAS PROMISED ? NOT ON THIS CD . ALSO WE DO N'T NEED TO HEAR STP 'S INTERSTATE LOVE SONG 'S GUITAR RIFF AGAIN AS FEATURED ON THE TRACK THE SEVEN CIRCLES . THIS CD IS A CLONE OF EVERYTHING PEOPLE DO N'T WANT THE TEA PARTY TO BECOME LIKE EVERY OTHER BAND THAT HAS NOTHING LEFT TO CONTRIBUTE EXCEPT TO SELL OUT . BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME GUYS FROM A VERY ANGRY FAN !!!!
 I agree with Luke Magnus 100 % . The Tea Party were a inovative , unique and powerful band . I was hooked the moment I first heard Splendor Solis and my admiration and appreciation grew with their next two albums . Seeing them play live was truly amazing.With all their releases up to and including Transmission , we were hearing beautifully crafted music unaffected by standard pop music parameters and ideology.My heart broke when I first heard Triptych and nothing since has helped to heal it . What indeed did happen ? 7 Circles is another example of lazy lyrics and songs which seem to be born out of a desire for Radio airplay rather than the desire to stimulate the senses . It is as if the band has conceeded that they must appeal to a broader audience in order to sell records . What a shame.I live in hope that The Tea Party will one day return to form .
 An experiment :1 . Listen to `` Splendor Solis '' , `` Edges of Twilight '' , `` Alhambra '' , and `` Transmission '' .2 . Next , listen to `` Triptych '' , `` Interzone Mantras '' , and `` Seven Circles '' .3 . Which group of albums churns your stomach raw ??? Something between Transmission and Triptych occurred that radically altered the Tea Party 's musical vision , but I ca n't begin to imagine . Nonetheless , The Tea Party is no longer a band I musically respect . `` The Seven Circles '' embodies a form of music that I find repugnant . The party is indeed over.This album is TERRIBLE .
 Well at last it has happened . Oh the signs were there on tryptych and interzone mantra 's . Where once a tea party album could be listened to from start to finish , on tryptich , some tracks are being skipped due to mediocrity . The whole first half of interzone is an excercise in futility . Now with seven circles here , the whole record is a writeoff . There is simply nothing here to remind me of the great band tea party once was . What a letdown . All the years of waiting only to have this rank offering released . The album is all gloss . Production values are good , everything sounds good technically and yet there is no soul . It sounds generic which I would think is about the worst thing someone could say about a tea party album . Stargazer , oceans and wishing you would stay almost bring back a small smidgeon of the old magic but its like pulling rabbits out of a hat instead of parting the red sea . Can the tea party be salvaged or are they doomed to reproduce this generic crud for now on . Surely they still have the talent to create great music but do they have the will ? It just sounds like they are going through the motions now to fullfill some contractual obligation .
 Hindsight is 20/20 , as they say.The fact that Jeff has left the band -LRB- amicably or not is a point of contention between him , JB and Stewart -RRB- , should tell us that the efforts that were made in the creation of this album were mitigated by a decided lack of inspiration . Hence , we 've got the weakest Tea Party album to date . And sadly , this is how we say goodbye to them.If you have been a fan for awhile , like myself , you are no doubt upset by the band 's breakup . But , are you surprised it 's AFTER this terrible offering ? No , you 're not . I 've done myself a favor so as not to rub salt in the wound , and relegated this disc to the bottom of the pile . Because hearing this uninspired , ham-fisted pseudo-Tea Party music is a concrete documentation of the band breaking up.And this `` tears me apart . ''
 It 's amazing that the extended play version of the song is not for sale . Looks like I wo n't be buying this !
 this really is not Donna 's best work . I can see why she cringes when she hears this now . While I dig the title track -LRB- hell , who doese n't ? -RRB- , this album is not very strong overall . You can tell Donna and her producers were still tweaking her sound -LRB- which would materialize on `` A Love Trilogy '' the following year -RRB- and trying to establish her as an artist . But `` Need A Man Bules '' is just unlistenable , while `` Full of Emptiness '' and `` Whispering Waves '' are just average . Her voice is high and lovely , but you can tell she holding back . I really liked `` Pandora 's Box '' because you get to hear Donna flex those pipes the way she does on her later work . Since this is the album that really got the disco ball spinning , it is worth having in your collection , but as an album it is just average . For a better picture of Donna , check out `` Four Seasons of Love , '' `` Live & More '' or `` Bad Girls , '' among others .
 This impulse buy turned out to be the worst music purchase of my entire life . On the plus side , the album cover is funny enough to pull pranks with .
 So I love `` Loveless '' and so decided to add some more MBV to my collection . And seeing that this album got the same ratings as `` Loveless '' I went for it - sadly , without listening to the preview clips . Alas , I found this album to be , frankly , an absolute MESS ! None of the semi-melodious , invitingly-droning , enveloping , soundscapeness that makes me fond of `` Loveless '' . Very hard to listen to , not very approachable for an average music appreciator . My face was kinda scrunched up in confusion as I tried my best to listen to every track but ended up skip forward through them all within a mere 20 minutes and started wondering how much I 'm gon na get for it at the used CD store . Yikes . I ended up getting cold feet on the other 2 MBV cd 's I ordered along with it and they currently await the postman to take them back to Amazon unopened for a refund .
 This is college mope-rock at its absolute worst . Having enjoyed ` Loveless ' , I was shocked to hear how dry the production is . This is not kind to ANY element of MBV , and shows why Shields dialed up the guitar and swept everything else under the rug on ` Loveless ' . An act of sheer necessity . From the milk-carton snare to the absurdly morose vocals of Shields and Butcher , to the droning , insipidly downbeat drivel of the songs themselves , this is bad , bad stuff here , folks . If this was MBV 's last record , only the most defiantly non-conformist indie poseur would like this or make the effort to convince themselves they did .
 This is the worst crap ever . No talent , no ideas ... just noise . No melody , not even a mood ... just children playing around on electric instruments without a clue . What a shame that the people who listen to this ... crap ... waste their time , when there is so much good music to listen to
 If you want to encounter a textbook example of the `` Hollywood Left '' in all its absurd contradictions and vanity , go no further than this album . On the one hand Henley rails against corporate greed , Reagan , and America 's sins , while on the other , he strikes a careful fashion pose on the record jacket , cigarette in hand ! The entire record preens and struts this multi-millionaire 's moral superiority without a shred of irony concerning exactly who it is who 's lecturing us . Undeniably , Henley has his share of talent , particularly as a singer . He chooses good collaborators to give his more popular songs a distinct sound , i.e. the Bruce Hornsby piano chord pattern echoing thru End of the Innocence . But it is ultimately shallow and uninspired . Henley wants to be Bob Dylan , but in the end he 's closer to Barry `` Eve of Destruction '' McGuire .
 This was a very disappointing purchase . I was looking forward to hearing well crafted and insightful lyrics and melodies , but instead received tired , bored and didactical rants . I listened through the first few tracks , and then tired and bored myself by the tiredness and boredom of the performer , I rifled through the rest in the hope of finding something of interest . There was nought , and CD , cover and all were tossed in to the rubbish . Sorry . If possible I would have rated this only half a star - for effort .
 Together with the other guys in Eagles , Don Henley assured his immortal place in rock history . I wonder - how can a man who was a part of something so great as the Eagles release such a -LSB- bad -RSB- bunch of songs ? I just do n't get it ! I owned this album for many years but when it was time to `` weed out '' my cd collection I decided that this one have to go . But before I sold it , I wanted to record the best songs from it , but I must admit that I could n't find a single song I really like . So , now it 's gone , and I have not missed it for even a split second !
 Beware , This is not a DVD-A , it is a 5.1 DTS recording , at 44.1 / 16 . It is not a hi-def/hi-res recording . It 's basically a surround-CD . Unfortunately , Amazon does not seem to have a cubby for it , so they list it under DVD Audio .
 I really liked the first record these guys put out . It was somewhat similar to Rancid with big melodies and sing alongs but had a dirtier street punk style with the punk equivalent of thug life rap lyrics . On this second effort the formula is left largely intact but for some reason this release lacks any truly standout songs like the several that graced their first record . While the songs are played with energy and are somewhat faster and meaner than their first effort , they lack any distinguishing characteristics to set them apart from each other or the myriad bands playing this style.This is pretty disappointing as this is essentially the same songwriting team as Rancid . There 's no reason these guys should be writing material as generic as this or even letting arguably boring songs like `` Mainlining Murder '' , `` Switchblade '' and `` The Kids Are Quiet On Sharmon Palms '' be released to the public . Ironically one of the better cuts on the album , the short but sweet `` Little Rude Girl '' sounds more like a Rancid outtake , with proper backing vocals and melodies , than a song belonging on this record . This fact just serves to underline the point that maybe Lars is better sticking with his main band from here on out.There are a few variances here worth noting , mainly the salty pirate jig duet with fellow Rancid band mate Tim Armstrong `` My Life To Live '' and the closer `` The Viking '' . `` My Life To Live '' has a mandolin vibe running under a tale of pillaging hookers coast to coast complete with dozens of callouts to all their favorite ladies of the night . It 's pretty catchy but maybe unduly so given the lack of quality material surrounding it . `` The Viking '' is basically a straight blues ballad accompanied by mournful strings that could have been a disaster given it 's five minute running time but with Lars ' gruff vocals and love 'em and leave 'em lyrics it does n't come across as cheesy at all.I have to say that this album is a bit of a disappointment . The first record is a great record and one I still find myself playing quite a bit but this one , while energetic and well played , is just too formulaic to really grab your attention . I 'm sure die hard Rancid fans will still find things to like here as I have but this is certainly not essential.Check out more reviews at ohboydestroy .
 Garbage . The first album was good . This one though is trying to put up some kind of front like their these racist gangsters trying to prove how hard they are . I do n't think so . I 'm sure you are all living it up on the rich side of town thinking about how you can convince kids that even though your not oppresed you can still be punk . Move to Uganda or Rwanda if you think your so tough then you 'll come crying back to your fans and guitars and drugs and cars .
 Lars ' side project appeals to me because it songs pretty much exactly like Rancid , and their first CD was pretty awesome , a solid punk album for all fans of Rancid . They were a safe haven from the transplants stuff and Skinhead Rob 's rap . This record is not bad , in fact the music is actually really good and some of the tracks are legendary -LRB- 1 % and Skins , Punx , and DrunX -RRB- . There is one problem , and it 's BIG!The lyrics drive this album right into the ground . After the fifth or sixth song about prostitutes and how we 're gon na screw them and then kill them , you 're about ready to put this CD away for a long while . I agree with the guy who said that the album booklet was completely unneccessary , and even Tim Armstrong could n't pull `` My Life to Live '' out of the fire.This is just mediocre , bottom line . I know punk lyrics are nothing deep , but c'mon guys , spend more than half of five minutes and write something at least decent .
 Well for fans of Rancid and their side projects the Transplants and Lars Frederickson and the Bastards , there is both good news and bad news . The good news ? Well , the group can only go up from here . The bed news ? Lars Frederickson and the Bastards followup to their brilliant 2001 self titled debut , is easily the worst record I heard in 2004 , a vile , ugly , tuneless and most unforgivable , stupid excuse of a record.What makess `` Viking '' so bad you maybe asking yourself . You maybe thinking , `` hey man , the first Lars record was great , Rancid 's a really good band . It ca n't be that bad , '' but you would be mistaken . In under forty minutes Lars not only bores you makes your head hurt , but also makes you re-evaluate those cheerished Rancid records that sit in your C.D. wallet.Like the first one , this one is essential a conecpt record . But where the first one took you to the back corners of Lars ' childhood in Campbell , California with honesty , humor , sorrow and detail enough to place you on the streets with Lars -LRB- not to mention some of the most anthemic and authentic punk music of the last fifteen years -RRB- , `` Viking '' is about how much of a bad ass Lars and his compadres are . But the only thing `` Viking '' convinces you of is that these guys probably are n't . `` Streetwise Professor '' has Lars screaming over the most generic punk riff ever written about how hard is . `` The Bastards '' , the records lead off track and single , tells you about how hard his band is . On `` The Kids Are Quiet on Sherman Palms '' , Lars tells us about how hard he was . You get the point.Hell , we even get the now requisite cameo from `` Skinhead '' Rob Ashton , from Rancid bandmate Tim Armstrongs side project the Transplants , on `` Switchblade '' , where Rob raps about how hard he is . God , these guys have an image problem.When Tim shows up to try and salvage this travesty of a record on `` my Life to Live '' , with a surprisingly credible mandolin part rocked by Rancid 's bassist Matt Freeman , you hope that it might save the record , but these guys ahve different plans . Over the most genreic punk / Celtic song ever written , Tim and Lars talk about how much they love hookers , with lyrics that are so poorly written and idiotic that it takes a much stronger man then myself not to die laughing . Some of the funniest lines I ca n't re-print here , but to sum it up , Lars and Tim like hookers . So much so that even in the sleazy booklet we see them hanging out with them . Maybe its just me , but I always thought true badasses did n't have to pay for it!But the most telling track very well may be the final track , `` Viking '' . Easily the worst , but at the same time moranic enough to make you laugh , song on the album , over overwritten strings and a Hammond Organ , Lars brings up to date , informing us that he 's `` got a mother '' , so apparentenly he `` ai ` nt motherless '' , and that he 's not only `` dated pop stars '' -LRB- which took prescious time away from his beloved hookers -RRB- , but he 's also `` stolen fast cars '' and `` tried suicide / but did n't die '' , because believe you me , he is still `` here to tell '' . The refrain of the song , spoken , not sung by Lars , is `` Sorry ladies , but I 'm married to the sea '' , and by that point you wish he 'd stay there.The record could be salvaged if the music was n't as bland as it is . This is subpar 70 's era punk mixed with the worst parts of Motorhead 's back catalog.Halfway through the record there is a semi-decent song called `` Marie , Marie '' , but lo and behold that song was n't even written by Frederickson , but rather its a cover . `` Viking '' is pretty much the defintiton of a bad record . There are fewer records that are more tuneless , uninspired and idiotic as this is.Easily the let down of the year .
 Now it 's official Rancid have not only turned their own albums into garbage but their side projects are starting to suck too . This album has a few decent songs but it does n't even come close to their first album . Also Lars and Tim are talking about sex and prostitutes , how freaking macho they are . I thought they were supposed to be punk and above all that stuff . Sometimes with all the shout out and city droppin '' Shout out to Oaktown '' , it just sounds like a transplants album especially with Rob Aston in the mix that guy could ruin Kurt Cobain coming back from the dead and recording a new Nirvana album . Overall there are some ok songs but nothing memorable and also their are some laughable songs in which Lars tells us how much of a thug he is , `` Switchblade '' .
 Now I 'm a fan of Rancid and I absouletely loved the 1st L.F.A.T.B. album it was a punk rock classic , that you bought just to check out what it sounded like and then became completely hooked on , I 'm suprised my cd copy still works after the amount of times it 's been played I think it and the cockroaches will be all that survives a nuclear holocaust.With songs like `` Dead American '' , `` To Have and Have Not '' , `` Wine and Roses '' , `` Anti Social '' and `` Vietnam '' it was an album destined for punk rock immortality.What then happened with `` VIKING '' ?? thinking it would be a fairly safe bet after the dissapointment of the last Rancid album I handed over my cash in the hope Mr.Freidreksen would enlighten and entertain me.I suspected something was amiss when I looked through the CD and discovered Lars fancying himself as some sort of punk rock , biker -LSB- ... -RSB- and Norse god.The only track I did like was the cover of The Anti Nowhere League 's `` For You '' the rest was mediocre or abonimable with none of the power or spark that fuelled the first album , quite frankly the -LSB- ... -RSB- seem bored and I think Lars has been drinking too much.The final nail in the coffin `` The Viking '' sounds like The Pogues dying of alcohol poisoining with the Specials slowly dying of an overdose in the corner.Can I have my money back please Mr.Freidreksen ?
 were the hell are the negative stars on this site , because this is a sameful record ... lets face , rancid finally realized that they are going down , so they had to , at the last second , reach out the mainstream with this bull about hookers and drugs . Punk is a mere house hold name thats thrown around and abused by sellouts like this pitiful excuses for musicians . Epitaph even pulled their fan review section , because those that were with punk rock to begin with slammed this piece of crap record and told something that rancid couldnt handle
 I 've been following Rancid for about 8 years now -- I 've even met the band members at Warped Tour . Sadly , I must admit that this record was a great disappointment on several levels . Let me explain :1 -RRB- Lyrics
 What are you doing Karrin o Karrin , must have been listening to Cassandra Wilson too much ? She picks up a familiar song and twist it so it 's barely recognizable , they call her a song stylist , some style . Karrin , please do n't go there . Every song you have in this album I have the original and listened and compared and I asked why ? I 've got a similar experience with the last Rod Stewart album and I have the same question , why do you even try ? Where 's the jazz ballads , the wonderful bossa-novas , I miss the real Karrin in this album . If I have a suggestion Karrin , listen to Paula Morenlenbaum in the album CASA by Ryuichi Sakamoto/Morenlenbaum 2 , throw out those Cassandra Wilson stuff you have . I hope it 's just a slip , not a fall .
 These covers are simply awful . Karrin Allyson does not need to make a departure from what she knows and does best . From the tacky cover art to groaners like `` Wild World '' , it 's obvious that she and Concord Records need to regroup and get back to jazz . Into the used cd bin for this one . Looking forward to better things from one of my favorite JAZZ singers .
 I heard this recording in the background while dining outside in a lovely wine bar setting . Wow , I thought , good stuff . After downloading this via Amazon , I can now say , it 's only `` so , so , material '' . Nothing orginal or creative . I love covers ; however , expect the covers to reflect the performing artist 's own personality and style . Ms. Allyson just does n't do it for me , and hey , I live in Kansas City . Overall , I find her vocal work as nothing special and the arrangements to be less than out of the ordinary . I say , if you wish the standards , the classics to be `` today '' try Holly Cole . Perhaps , Ms. Allyson should also take a listen .
 Oh dear . This from one of the Eagles ??? Obviously Don Henley was the Eagles and Glenn was a passenger . OK , I have n't heard any other GF albums and I wo n't bother on the strength of this . 1 star each for Two Hearts and Soul Searchin ' -LRB- nice backing singers -RRB- but I 'm afraid that is being generous . If you have the money to buy this , Do n't ! Buy anything from the Eagles or Don Henley .
 Glenn Frey 's Soul Searchin ' is n't good . Very 80s sounding album with little to offer and a lot to annoy . I mean , coming from a founding member of The Eagles this should at least have some good tunes on it . Instead it 's just one of those terrible albums that came out during the worst period in the history of recorded music
 I 'm a big country fan , but it really gets to me when artists ` pontificate ' their left OR right leaning political views . Stick to the music guys , and leave the politics to those who are more informed . It 's funny how they grab on to the stereotypes perpetuated by the liberal left and just regurgitate it without fact checking at all . Reagan was probably one of our greatest presidents ever , and the left really , really hate that.The songs are n't bad , but I prefer `` the seer '' or `` the crossing '' . Check out those instead of this release . Unless you happen to BE a leftist and want to listen to something that further validates your views .
 This album has many of Big Country 's best songs from the 1980 's , e.g. , `` Steeltown '' -LRB- worth the cost of the album alone -RRB- , `` Flame of the West , '' `` Comeback to Me . '' It 's been out of print and inaccessible for years . And even now , very few of the songs are available as MP3 's or on compilation albums . So I was * thrilled * two days ago when I saw that amazon was selling the cd at an affordable price.Then I got the CD and played it . Words can not express my disappointment . The sound quality is abysmal , there 's weird background noises , and worst of all , the vocal tracks are so buried in the mix that you can barely hear them . I am having * serious * trouble believing that this a legitimate release , and not some 5th generation bootleg copy churned out in somebody 's garage.My advice
 Stuart Adamson was right all along . The reviewers here pointing how the lyrics are paranoid and wrong are brainwashed by corporate media . The Flame of the West was with us here in the 80 's . America saw him return here in the 2000 's for eight loooonnnggg years . And look at us now.Sad economy , loss of jobs and the demise of the decent middle working class . If there is anytime for this gem to be revived , it is now . I rated this release a 5 , but be forewarned , the sound on this remaster is ugly and we hope for a re-release soon.EDITSo still in 2012 no remaster , the Crossing gets a re-release , they hire a different singer and they go karaoke now . Very sad . My opinion is that the management has always stifled Big Country , that is clearly evident now . Great band but I 'm putting Big Country at the back of my collection till this album gets fixed .
 I waited along time to find a remaster of this record , one of my all-time favorites . The original , while weak in volume , certainly trumps the sound quality on this . They corrected the volume , but the lack of clarity is unacceptable , especially for something calling itself a `` remaster '' . Very disappointed .
 Fans of 80 's rock can tell you that the genre has a distinctive feel and sound replete with what is now considered cliches not just in the big hair and tight pants but also in the vocals and instrumental stylings which define the genre and make it distinctive to listeners over the years . This album by Gary Moore is very representative of the time although representing a more toned-down commercial version unlike the harder and personally for me more preferable side of the genre ala Metallica , Megadeth and especially Iron Maiden.Although Gary sings throughout I think it 's clear that he 's a much better guitarist ; his vocals can be described as adequate and in no way falls in the same league as say Coverdale or Dickenson or even Brian Johnson of AC/DC and so the real strength of the album lies in the guitar work for the songs which are all written by him except for `` Wishing Well '' which appears to have been a Free/Bad Company alum effort.The first track `` Do n't Take Me For a Loser '' is the trademark 80s soft rock number with a classic riff and good fills/solos before we get another trademark soft rock ballad with extremely sappy , sugary lyrics but it 's not the worst track here to fall under that category as that `` honour '' goes to `` Falling In Love With You '' which was nauseatingly sweet , commercial and sentimental drivel . Ironically , among the 3 bonus tracks is `` Falling In Love With You -LRB- Remix Instrumental -RRB- which is excellent because there are n't any vocals and the guitar playing is simply exceptional which makes me wonder why they did n't just use this track for the main course and the main course version as the bonus track as this would have made the overall album all that much stronger . The other bonus tracks
 I was very intrigued when I read about this album and listened to excerpts on NPR 's website that I bought it from Amazon 's MP3 store . I thoroughly enjoy the album , but am very disappointed that one track , Disillusioned , cuts off before the end of the song . I re-downloaded the album , hoping that the problem occurred when it was transfered to my computer ... but the problem was still there . I even listened to it on my ` Amazon Cloud Player ' -- still has the same problem.If folks would like to buy this album , I would recommend that they purchase the CD instead of downloading it from Amazon . -LRB- Unless you do n't mind an abrupt and premature ending to one song . -RRB-
 This album by Kool and the Gang , while not as annoying as their 70s recordings , is still too funky for me . I think they really hit their stride with `` Joanna '' , and singer J.T. Taylor took it to a new level with his solo career which he really caps with the amazingly smooth `` Sex on the Beach '' . My suggestion
 ... an interesting idea -- round up a bunch of roots/bluegrass/Americana artists -LRB- mind you , mostly from the browner side of the pasture -- aside from the Duhks -RRB- to pay tribute to Randy Newman . Newman is as much a storyteller as he is a songwriter -- his compositions rich with a peerlessly literary degree of insight and an almost cinematic sense of emotion and tension . He 's had a few well-known numbers , but he 's basically been an underground/cult artist for the past four decades ... aside from his work scoring films and writing music for animated features.But this disk ... first problem is a hakneyed song selection . Considering the consistant quality of Newman 's output , here the producer -LRB- or the artists -RRB- have settled on a set of Newman 's most familiar cuts . No interesting obscurities , no uncovered gems . And they ARE out there . I mean , do we really have to hear `` You Can Leave Your Hat On '' again ??? Especially a hammy version like this one ? It 's one of Newman 's least interesting ... why does n't someone take a stab at `` Beehive State '' ? `` Vine Street '' Anything from his brilliant recent disk `` Bad Love '' ? Despite the fact that Newman 's been doing good stuff in the '80s and '90s , no one attempts a tune made after 1977 . Strikes me as laziness . Yawn . Kim Richey 's choice of `` Texas Girl at the Funeral of Her Father '' is as by far the most intriguing choice ... With that complaint out of the way , even if these were interesting selections , the performances are thoroughly uninspired . Lackluster . Adequate . Bela Fleck 's instrumental run through of `` Burn On '' is pretty cool , but that 's it . Most of the other folks either try to ape Newman 's own delivery -LRB- bad idea -RRB- or just kinda bland their way through the songs ... taking them so literally that the songs limp lifelessly to a close ... Not the best way to honor Newman ... but maybe this is all part of his own sense of misanthropy and self-sabatoge . I do n't know .
 I just listened to this album - had to erase it from my computer . It 's an appalling travesty . Randy Newman is one of the greatest song writers of our generation , and none of these tracks captured it 's song . I 'm throwing the CD in the trash !
 I just bought this CD , my first by her , and am somewhat disappointed in it . Well , lets just say I could n't listen to it anymore this morning after about half of it.The musicianship is excellent . The vocals , though powerful , are so affected that it became unlistenable to me.I can hear that she has her own voice here and there , but to a greater degree she 's trying to emulate something , and it gets grating to keep listening to it.I also found the CD titles of all her stuff to be a bit affected too . Is she afraid that someone will forget she 's a woman?Gone Woman Blues , I am Every woman -LRB- oh puhleeze -RRB- , Mama 's Blues , etc , etc. . Makes me wonder if she 's jockeying for the Holly Neer Award in the Delta Blues category.If I could find another CD of her 's where the vocals come from her heart and not from her marketing plan , I 'd buy it .
 until the strange voice of a woman pops in . I thought that this piece 's music was rather bland , and the singing ruined it , but I know for sure that ANOTHER WAY , by Paul Van Dyk , is much better than this .
 Wow , thanks , Sony/BMG ! You 've just made a CD that 's incompatible with the world 's biggest online music service -LRB- iTunes -RRB- . These bastards have decided to install copy-protection software -LRB- i.e. syyware -RRB- on their CDs , making them COMPLETELY worthless for the millions of honest consumers who burn music and have iPods . Granted , the DualDisk is n't copy protected , but why should I pay MORE for a DualDisc just to burn it ? I should be able to rip the CD and keep a physical copy in case my computer crashed . Copy protection is self-defeating and benefits no one . Everyone loses
 This is a novel concept for opera lovers and fans . There are some original songs and also some classic arias and ensembles with a modern update . Most of the pieces have been `` enhanced '' with additional voices -LRB- e.g. an aria sung as a two-soprano piece , with three male voices as backup -RRB- . Unfortunately , this album has so much echo and reverb that it is almost impossible to hear the artists ' actual voices . If you just like opera music , this is a wonderful album , but if you are a student of the operatic voice , look elsewhere .
 I love this group , but would NEVER buy a CD that I could not listen to on my computer or iPod
 The CD shown here is the infamous disk inflicted upon the listening public by SONY/BMG/RCA which has resulted in several law suits because of its inclusion of a particularly nasty bit of spyware/malware -LRB- a `` root kit '' -RRB- which is buried in any Windows computer system into which the disk is inserted , innocently or otherwise . It is a spectacularly stupid , sneaky , and downright mean attempt to control copying of the disk 's contents , and as such it has earned universal opprobrium after its discovery and publicizing by a third party . This disk has been recalled and owners of it -LRB- such as me -RRB- may supposedly return it for replacement with a non-infected version.My first bit of advice on the recording , then , is either to return it for exchange or put a note on it to warn against insertion into a computer . Alternatively , if you have the equipment , software , and ability , you may capture its music by playing it in a regular CD player with a cable connection to your sound card 's input . A stereo analog audio cable connection will do , but if you have it , a digital SPDIF connection will do even better . My infected CD , by the way , is labeled as RCA Victor 8 2876 68883-2 . -LRB- Further information/discussion of the CD 's problems can be found on the Internet . -RRB- The replacement version of this CD , the 2006 Australian Tour Edition , with two `` bonus '' tracks and presumably free of the rootkit , is also listed on Amazon.I am a newcomer to Amici Forever -LRB- though they 've been around awhile -RRB- and no fan of `` fusion '' music in general , but I bought the disk because some of my friends are fans and I wanted to see for myself what they were like . In general , I must say that I rather like this disk , though it is obviously something quite distinct from the classical music from which much of it is derived . It is a transformation of familiar classic tunes into a populist genre characterized by strong emotional intensity , highly synthesized and sonically processed sound , and often prominent percussion effects . -LRB- The waveforms show clear evidence of volume-limiting , with sustained passages right up to the allowed maximum . This creates the effect of great loudness and intensity , even passion . -RRB- The singers possess fine voices for this idiom , which seems partly an outgrowth of the `` Three Tenors '' phenomenon . A good bit of the singing is in Italian , but English is well represented , along with bits of Spanish , French , and even background Maori.I think these pieces should be treated as creations in their own right -LRB- even though many are derivative -RRB- and judged on their own merits as to musical appeal , imagination , and artistry . `` La Fiamma Sacra '' -LRB- the sacred flame -RRB- is sung in English , despite its Italian title , and tells the story of a low-born man endowed with the gift of a singing voice which destines him to greatness . It is sweet , sentimental -LRB- not wishy-washy ! -RRB- , and altogether loveable . `` Nella Fantasia '' -LRB- in a fantasy or dream -RRB- is widely known as a tenor vehicle derived from Morricone 's film soundtrack for `` The Mission . '' -LRB- I believe Bocelli and Watson , among others , have recorded it . -RRB- It is sung in Italian , and is very fine and satisfying in this version . `` The Prayer '' -LRB- la preghiera -RRB- , a composed song in Italian and English , is also widely known , especially in the version by Bocelli and Dion . Here it is no less delightful with five voices instead of two . `` Aranjuez Ma Pens&eacute;e '' -LRB- Aranjuez my thought -RRB- though titled in French is sung in the Spanish appropriate to its subject , the historic town just south of Madrid . The tune is a well-known and gorgeous theme from Joaqu&iacute;n Rodrigo 's guitar concerto `` Concierto de Aranjuez '' set with words to make it a kind of love song for a place . The words are lovely and poetic and the piece is hauntingly and exotically beautiful . -LRB- Rodrigo is buried in Aranjuez , and I doubt if this borrowing makes him turn over in his grave . -RRB- `` So Far Away '' is another love song for a place , this time New Zealand , `` the land of the long white cloud . '' It is a very nice composed song sung in English with ethnic touches -LRB- a celtic pipe and background chorus singing in Maori -RRB- . It has an irresistible loveliness . `` Nostalgia '' -LRB- la mia nostalgia -RRB- is a derivation from Rachmaninov 's immensely popular and often quoted second piano concerto . It is a song of loneliness and longing for a past love whose music tells the story without the need to understand the Italian words . `` Core ` Ngrato '' -LRB- ungrateful heart -RRB- is an old Neapolitan chestnut sung in Italian dialect by tenors from as far back as Caruso and on up to today 's cohort . It complains of the lover 's mistreatment by the unappreciative Catar&iacute; . It 's a fine , impassioned song , and this group does not stint in its presentation . `` Land & Freedom '' -LRB- terra e libert&agrave; -RRB- is perhaps the most surprising inclusion here , for it is a transformation of the supremely beautiful second movement of Beethoven 's Symphony No. 7 into another song of nostalgia for a beloved place , now distant or even vanished , associated with freedom , music , and poetry . In this Italian language song , the composer uses Beethoven 's own exquisite countermelody , along with his strikingly lovely harmonies . With music from such a master , how could this song be anything but transcendant ? `` Mon Coeur S'Ouvre &Agrave; Ta Voix '' -LRB- at your voice my heart opens -RRB- is the most popular aria from Camille Saint-Sans ' opera `` Samson and Delilah , '' sung by Delilah to express her love for Samson -LRB- with some response by him -RRB- . This arrangement , which becomes a duet , preserves much of the original , and is properly ecstatic as sung in the original French . `` Recondita Armonia '' -LRB- hidden harmony -RRB- is another well-known aria , this time the tenor Cavaradossi 's song about his fascination with the contrasting beauties of two female figures -LRB- from Puccini 's opera `` Tosca '' -RRB- . Here he gets support from other Amici members , but the music itself is left mostly intact , except for the instrumental accompaniment and vocal expansion . It 's quite convincing . `` Adagio '' is another borrowing from a purely instrumental classic , the Adagio in G minor attributed to Tomaso Albinoni though actually written in 1949 by Remo Giazotto -LRB- who claims he based it on a bass line of Albinoni 's -RRB- . The voices here follow the interweaving melodic lines of the strings , singing the newly-supplied Italian words of a lover 's yearning for his absent love , and ending with `` I feel beating within me this music which I invented for you . '' The result of this fusion of the old -- or old-fashioned -- with new words and vocal/instrumental sounds is likely to be much more accessible to most of today 's hip-hop generation than the original , for all its classic elegance and beauty . `` Ocean Heart '' -LRB- oceano cuore -RRB- is another instrumental music adaptation , being a setting of new Italian words to an arrangement of music from Aram Khatchaturian 's ballet `` Spartacus . '' The original music here is much less familiar than that of the other two , perhaps emboldening the arranger to take a bit more liberty -LRB- a new countermelody is added to the composer 's own tune -RRB- . This attractive , more midstream arrangement may waken many new ears to Khatchaturian 's lovely , pensively yearning melody.In summary , I applaud Amici Forever for their success in translating some of classical music 's finest products into a form likely to appeal to a much wider audience than heretofore . This is not for everyone though
 I was totally blown away by this groups first release and I could n't wait for the next . As soon as it was available I got , played it and was absolutely dissapointed . The song choices were boring - why are they doing the same few songs every current ` pop opera ' singer or group is doing ? The background dance mix on a few of the selections did n't add - but detracted from the song . It was liked listening to two differnt recordings playing at the same time . On the plus side there were a few saving and wonderful pieces , but not enought to save this recording . They each have beautiful voices and collectively sound awesome , but this release does not showcase them to their best - it 's a cliche and it made me sad .
 I found this album as jejune and prosaic as their first.I am a little baffled by the rise of this sort of cross-over music . In the past , groups that have followed this path have made two or three albums and then disappeared off the map.There is no artistic or musical purpose for the existence of Amici - they exist as a `` band '' -LRB- make that a group of pseudo-operatic Karaoke singers -RRB- to make money . This is what they really do and do with passion - make money.Perhaps Amici have their place in a shallow world of reality TV , talent quests , marketing , advertising , Karaoke , cloned TV shows and music without any commitment to anything other than making money ? Maybe we deserve Amici?Go away and listen to the Swingle Singers and get back to me !
 FIRST , IF YOU HAVE AN iPOD , THIS CD WILL NOT COPY TO iTUNES OR THE iPOD.Second , overall this appears to be a poor attempt at furnishing the kind of modern classic quality which others have already done so well . Listen and if you do n't want to use on an iPod , consider purchasing it , but do n't buy it before you have listened to Il Divo first - very similar style but streets ahead in musical quality.Probably the most tiring recording of Nella Fantasia I have heard.Overall , it is n't bad listening , but for what they produce , there is much better out there that is n't so pompous as to protect against use on the iPod .
 Copy protection is unlawful . ENCRYPTED MUSIC TAKES AWAY OUR RIGHTS AS AMERICAN CITIZENS . STAND UP FOR YOUR RIGHTS AND DO N'T BUY THIS ARTISTS MUSIC !
 I am disappointed to realize that I unwittingly loaded Sony 's anti-piracy software rootkit into my hard drive when I loaded this CD . I did n't realize that something would actually install itself on my hard drive . I also did n't realize that this particular file would be a file created so as to be difficult to remove.I was even more upset to learn that , in doing so , I opened my hard drive up to at least one documented computer risk , as reported in the New York Times -LRB- Brian Krebs
 I will never purchase another CD that is copy protected ! If I can not use it on my iPod then I have no use for it . These record companies have become so greedy that they deserve to lose money . I have never stolen a song ever and I am rewarded with garbage from a paranoid corporation .
 There is a consumer alert regarding Sony Digital Rights Management software included on some of their music CD 's . The Illinois Attorney Generals Consumer Alert can be found athttp : / / www.ag.state.il.us/pressroom/2005_12/20051208b.htmlBeware that this CD in particular is mentioned since the CD case appears not to include the specifics relating to the Sunncomm software.As I recall the Sunncomm protected disks also install the copy protection systems even if you decline the EULA agreement that is displayed when you insert the disk into a computer , so extra care should be taken when inserting these disks into any computer . You do n't get the opportunity to decline installation , the software contains security flaws , and the disks do not contain software to uninstall the protection programs . You need to contact Sony directly to uninstall.The patches they describe are patches to the uninstaller software , early versions of which add more security flaws into Windows than the original CD software does.With any luck , SonyBMG will recall these disks as well and replace them with either properly tested and functioning software , or as a standard CD without the copy protection in place -LRB- as they have done for the rootkit infected CD 's created using First4Internet software -RRB- .
 I purchased this CD , and when I went to play it on my Win XP computer , in my user account , it required administrator rights to install software . I switched to my admin account and installed the software , and the CD played in the Admin account using it 's own peculiar CD player , not using Windows Media Player , my default CD player.When I switched back to my user account , the CD again wanted Admin rights to install software . I changed the rights to my user account , temporarily , and was able to install the software and play the disk . But after I then removed Admin rights from my user account , the disk would not play . It insists on Admin rights in order to play.For my money , this is unacceptable . Since the CD is opened , I 'm not going to be able to return it . But I 'll never buy a CD that 's copy protected again . I 'm not trying to make a digital copy of this music anywhere . I 'm trying to put the actual plastic CD into my computer and play the music I paid good money for . If copy protection means that I ca n't play it on my computer unless I 'm running in an Admin account , that 's not good enough .
 Forever , in the case of this highly overated group , should only last five minutes . Also , and shame on me , I overlooked the ` security ' aspect of this CD , and woe unto me for doing so . I essentially purchased a lousy CD that I was unable to relicate for my own use . -LRB- I have several playback sources in my own home . -RRB- However , in retrospect , this was a blessing , akin to not spreading a malicious disease .
 I did n't feel this cd was nearly as good as the first one . The music was boring , I thought , and the female singers not very good . It is on my pile to give away .
 I did n't read all the reviews before I bought this CD . The only CD player I own is in my car . I load discs onto my Ipod and put them away as a backup . Sony has `` copy protected '' this disc so it wo n't play unless it 's in a CD player . If you try to rip it you open your computer to risk because it installs software that is hard to remove . I 'm beyond p * ssed . No more Sony products for me if I can help it . Too bad . Amici Forever is a good band , but there are lots of other groups whose music does n't leave you with security vulnerabilities .
 But you ca n't blame the guy . He 's got to eat just like the rest of us . Back in 1968 he noticed that Christmas records just sell and sell and sell , so he recorded one -LRB- `` The New Possibility '' -RRB- and would n't you know , it became his best seller - not Blind Joe Death , not Railroad , not The Yellow Princess or any of those other masterpieces . So he put out more Christmas albums over the years -LRB- I think I count five -RRB- and this is the ickiest one of the lot - can you stand `` The Skater 's Waltz '' or `` Do You Hear what I Hear '' ? The music is mostly duets with Terry Robb , and most mellifluous they are too . And I guess guitarists will like the arrangements . But as a Fahey record , this is for completists .
 If Marilyn Monroe did a vocal album with jazz backing , she would have done a better job then the awful Bev Kelly , who makes the talented but vocally limited Blossom Dearie sound like Sarah Vaughan . On this CD of pleasant satndards backed by a good jazz combo , Kelly whispers in her warbly Jeri Southern like voice -LRB- Jeri Southern has a good voice , but small -RRB- , trying to be a jazz singer but talking her way through lyrics in-effectively . This CD is not recommended .
 I did n't have particularly high hopes for High School musical , but my wife wanted to watch it . Needless to say , it disappointed even my expectations . It 's just about as corny and cheesy as you 'd expect . The protagonists are perfect , good looking , intelligent , kind , etc , etc. . Worst of all , the music was n't even that good . The songs were n't catchy and sometimes were sung amateurishly . I guess I 'm probably not the intended audience , but still I ca n't imagine anybody over 12 enjoying this .
 I bought this cd for my daughter . I am waiting til Christmas to give it to her so I am unsure how to rate it yet !
 Do n't Buy it . Be warned . It 's stupid . You will regret it is the worst possible thing that has come to musicals and hopefully will be the last .
 Seen a lot of people hailing this one as classic - well do n't believe the hype my friends . The production is shoddy and the songs , as with most Morbid Angel albums , are n't bad but they are n't that great either.This is a mediocre death metal band , they have yet to put forth a truly good record . To avoid disappointment , seriously consider borrowing a friend 's copy or something before you buy . I can not recommend buying this record .
 That , in my opinion makes for a perfect description of this band who seems to have been creatively bankrupt from day one , lifting almost all of their riffs from the Hell awaits \ Reign in blood era -LRB- not that those albums were that great in the first place -RRB- . The drumming is not that great , and the soloing , like Slayer 's , are directionless and meandering.This was not the first authentic Death metal album . It 's not even Death metal , it 's Grindcore . There is a huge difference between the two subgenres . Death metal started with the release of Swiss band Hellhammer 's `` Apocalyptic raids '' -LRB- Who 's members would change their name and debut under the name of Celtic frost a year later -RRB- put out six years prior to this album 's release in 1989 . Some recommendations of mine for those interested in listening to some more authentic Death metal include Hellhammer , Celtic frost , Death , Entombed , Dismember , Hypocrisy 's first four albums , Therion 's first two albums , Possessed , Incantation , Bolt thrower , Angelcorpse , Diobalical , Obituary , Malevolant creation , and Kataklysm . Well , that 's it . Later .
 Death metal can be a great genre . However , bands like these are just so stupid that you ca n't even tell why people like it . THe riffs are boring , the drumming is very technical , but not used in a good way . Overly technical music most of the time is n't good , because to make good music , you have to have some kind of atmosphere , feeling , a meaning . Sure , Morbid Angel 's music has a meaning , but it 's simply a gimmick being milked to death . Satanic lyrics have got to be the stupidest lyics ever . IT dose n't take much talent to write evil lyrics about how much you hate god . Jeeze , get some real music instead of this trash . At least they went into a better direction , instead of milking it to death like Deicide has done -LRB- and they sucked when they first formed back in Florida -RRB- . IF you are looking for a good rush of metal , do n't even bother with this . It 's fast , but not relentless , or very scary . ANd the growling vocals do n't do that much either . I would say that Morbid Angel ca n't deliver on lasting appeal . Technical music is like a hot , stupid girl . IT 's great on the surface , but the expirence starts to get boring.Exactly what this means is that this album ca n't hold up well . IF you listen for the technicalitly of the instruments , it wo n't hold up long.Fortunaltly , Morbid Angel moved away from the stupid lyrics and bland music , and went into a better forray and actually making entertaingin death metal songs , and finally added some musical merit . Songs about death are actually great , as long as the music can capture the lyrical content . Morbid Angel did that quite well after that .
 I 've seen a lot of people hail this one as a classic death metal record . Maybe I just do n't get it . It far from -LSB- stinks -RSB- but it just is n't that heavy.Here 's my reasoning
 Boring and repetive with stupid lirycs and not even heavy or fast . Morbid angel is the worse deathmetal act todate and they will always be that ! Terrible is n't close to what m.a. sounds like ... I mean , where 's the talent ? Where 's the love for deathmetal here ? Its no where to be found ! Im some one with an open minded mind and i did give every single morbid angel cd a listing and not one song sounded good and coming close to being even decent or even fast and heavy . For good and brutal deathmetal look for `` deicide '' , '' decapitated '' , `` scar culture '' , `` cannibal corpse '' , `` deeds of flesh '' , `` skinless '' , `` gorerote '' , `` grave '' , `` obituary '' , early , `` napalmdeath '' , & early `` cryptopsy '' albums like none so vile & whisper supremacy -- well , cryptopsy is more like grind/death and some times hardcore ... But still brutally as ever -- more then weak morbid angel will ever be in their whole sorry and mediocre career .
 Extreme has been a hot word in marketing for the past few years . Extreme sports , extreme pizza , extreme television , extreme fajitas , extreme feminine hygiene , etc. , etc. . What the advertisers are trying to imply is that these products are exciting and even dangerous if not handled properly . The advertisers also want you to believe that if you buy these extreme products , you too will be exciting and dangerous . Unfortunately for the consumer , it does n't work that way.Now , we have extreme metal that is defined by Satanic themes , really fast music , and parental disapproval . Kids buy extreme metal hoping it will make people think they 're dangerous Satanists and part of an exciting underground scene . In reality , owning these extreme metal albums only means you bought something that you will be embarrassed of in a few years.Morbid Angel is cited as one of the first and best extreme metal bands around , but for being so extreme the music is very dull . It 's fair to say they 're very skilled musicians because they can play technical music at high speeds , but it never turns into anything powerful or memorable.The kiss of death for their music is the vocals . It 's obvious that the vocalist is forcing himself to sound evil and scary . If the vocals sound evil and scary naturally -LRB- like Danzig 's vocals -RRB- , that 's fine . However , when you force things that are n't there it will never work.The Satanic themes do n't really do anything for the music since you can not decipher what the vocalist is saying.Most all death metal , black metal , and grindcore have nothing to offer except being extreme . Even when it 's extremely technical , it turns out to be too much of a good thing . Some say it 's extreme , some say it 's excessive .
 I have one Question
 If it is possible to recommend a CD on the power of one song and one song alone , then that is exactly what I 'm doing . `` Subway '' rocks - it 's a great song , sung in a falsetto style I 've never really heard Barry use before . Sensible use of synthesizers and a steady , flowing feel to the song make it one of their best . It 's a hidden treasure . The rest of the album is overblown and pompous.But you ca n't get `` Subway '' anywhere else , so ... the decision is yours . The best song of their career just happens to be on what I consider to be their weakest album . Go figure .
 The video and audio quality of this production was very poor compared to other DVD music videos I 've seen . It seemed like a poor VHS production rather than DVD ! A great talent deserves a better quality production than this . Also , extra footage was very disappointing . Pre and post concert interviews were fan comments outside of the concert hall and a brief video of Natalie signing autographs . No in depth interview with Natalie Merchant or other interesting back stage video . Other DVD Music Concerts I 've seen offer much more .
 I was a a very big fan of 10,000 Maniacs when Natalie was the lead singer and because of that I purchased Natalie 's debut solo lp . It was very good . `` Ophelia '' IMO was not as good . Too many slow and dreary songs . I found many of the songs on the DVD boring and it was n't helped by the sub-par audio recording . I never liked the song `` Ophelia '' and found it to be a poor choice for the opening song . Her version of `` Wonder '' was , you guessed it , boring . There were definitely better songs she could have included , live , such as `` Life is Sweet '' instead of a partial recording of it . Also , what about the single `` Kind and Generous '' . The CD of the concert with different song selections was much better and not boring . I probably am more of a fan of 10,000 Maniacs than Natalie 's solo CD 's . The so-called documentary -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- was mis-leading as it was less than 5 minutes and not really a documentary .
 I 'm a big Natalie fan , but not a fanatic . The DVD did n't do much for me . i bought it after listening to the Live CD , but was disappointed that the playlist did n't include anything more of substance . The documentry consisted of all of 5 minutes of people in line for the show . Life is sweet was audio only , Waterbound , Senor don gato were awful , and anyone who was a 10000 manics fan would not enjoy her drawn out these are days.Stick with the **** MTV Unplugged - 10k maniacs video ... a far better value.The whole setlist : List is sweet -LRB- partial -RRB- , Opheilia , wonder , san andres fault , beloved wife , senor don gato , space oddity , carnival , break your heart , these are days , gulf of araby , waterbound .
 I was very disappointed in this DVD , so much so that I returned it . The audio quality is poor , with enough audible distortion that I found it unlistenable , and I am not an audiophile , just a mainstream consumer . The video quality is marginal , about on par with a second-generation VHS copy . The direction is poor , with many shots of the back of musicians ' heads . The extras , interviews , etc. are either brief or non-existent . Compare this DVD with Diana Krall
 While I do enjoy Natalie Merchant 's music , I was extremely disappointed with the concert on DVD . Video quality was marginal and the audio mixing was terrible . Some instruments are barely audible while others are grossly overpowering -LRB- as is her vocals in several occasions -RRB- . The lack of traditional `` additional material '' on DVDs is also glaring . This one pales in comparison to any concert on DVD or VHS .
 Natalie could have been a little more nicer to the audience instead of being a prude like she always was . You hardly could hear her voice , she looks like a farmer girl in These are days and really she does n't show a sense of appreciation to anyone . Her band is too loud ... Not a great video , especially to a die-hard Merchant fan .
 It 's true that you can never recapture the past as you recall it ! True , our perceptions change but sometimes other things alter with time and you have to admit that they are gone forever . The item which has apparently made off like a bandit in the case of this album is Paul Dianno 's voice . Whilst no right thinking British Heavy Metal fan would give two cents for the Lionheart material contained here , it is disturbing to hear these appalling renditions of Praying Mantis classics . PM wrote some soaring , melodic anthems in their time and they are all comprehensively mutilated here by Dianno who growls and mumbles his way through the material with apparent disregard for tone and pitch.Sadly he is not the only culprit , the production credits go to Dennis Stratton and Tino Troy . These two presumably listened to the tapes via a transatlantic telephone link while they were mixing the album as the muddy , confused mess would sound more at home on an Edison wax cylinder than a CD.If you 're looking for Mantis in all their glory you 're better off hunting down the re-issued studio albums .
 I rarely take the time to review any multi-media , but I had to speak out on this one . When I saw there was a new Nip album out I was hyped for a minute . I was involved with Nip and many other locals in the late 80 's / early 90 's -LRB- rip WD -RRB- . This rapper was a pioneer in his time , 1992 - `` South Park Psycho '' and 1993 - `` Psychic Thoughts '' are masterpieces . I took a chance and shelled out the high price for `` Return Of The Psychopath '' , LOW AND BEHOLD this cd is poor quality all around -LRB- come on it 's 2004 ! -RRB- ... it sounds like it is just a compilation of unreleased boring filler tracks -LRB- maybe because it is -RRB- from Nip 's post 1996 `` Psychotic Genius '' album . As much as it hurts every Nip fan to acknowledge and accept that he fell off big time and should n't be in the game at all . This type of album is not only embarassing , it 's losing him -LRB- and or his label -RRB- money for unmoved units of a product that is sub-par to most regional cookie cutter rappers . Not one song stands out , beats are plain and boring , lyrics are so cliched and played out -LRB- I swear I should have known this when I saw the album cover -RRB- . The cd has Black Market Records listed as Nip 's label ... which makes sense and goes hand in hand with this soon to be $ 1.98 throw-away discount rack cd -LRB- Black Market went bankrupt and is now a ghost label , and the Singletons are good at throwing around small ammounts of money to buy -LRB- or steal as they did to Lynch -RRB- artist 's b-side tracks and compile them into poorly mastered `` new albums '' . What really got me angry the most was the price of this cd , it should be sold for a quarter of the list price ... as a matter of fact mine is going up for sale NOW for $ 1.98 ! Stick with Nip 's `` South Park Psycho '' and `` Psychic Thoughts '' , they are overpriced as well -LRB- due to being long out of print -RRB- , but worth every cent . STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE AT ALL COSTS ! RTS Nip ... see you soon
 I bought this Limited Edition soundtrack hoping I would finally get all my favorite songs from the film on CD.Pros : The Limited Edition CD does contain some sweet tracks only released on LP/Vinyl that ARE very hard to find just like it 's stated on the CD . I enjoyed listening to these tracks but having `` Set It Out '' several times on the CD is such a waste.Cons : Even though this CD claims to be `` factory pressed '' and have Polydor stamped all over it , this is an unofficial release . How do I know that ? Quality . I own several Polydor/Polygram CD releases of rare artists and songs and one thing is always clear to my ears . They are made using the original MASTER TAPES . The Limited Edition of the Breakdance 2 soundtrack has been made using LP or VINYL sources . The songs have obvious muffled clicks and pops plus the sound is watered down -LRB- due to the effort of trying to place too many filters on an LP/Vinyl source to `` correct and clean it '' -RRB- . This is true for all the tracks on this Limited Edition CD . What a damn shame!My suggest to you is , if you do n't care that you are listening to a filtered VINYL version of the Breakin ' 2
 After buying Mrs Crowe 's Blue Waltz and Guitar for Mortals , I was hooked ... was . Sorry Adrian this one 's a bummer and I wo n't take a chance on you again . : - -LRB-
 I agree with my fellow Glass City Sprouts fan . If Paddy McAloon set out to make an album full of simple melodies and lyrics , he succeeded . I do n't , however , listen to Prefab Sprout to hear such music . This album , front to back was a profound disappointment , even compared with the usual pop drivel out there . Compared with earlier Sprouts efforts , it was a tragic disappointment . There is very little musical or lyrical depth and substance on this record . It is simply uninteresting.Don ' t waste your money . If you have n't heard any albums from the band , check out Two Wheels Good , Swoon and Jordan . If you have , be extremely wary before buying Andromeda , and find a record shop that will let you listen to it before purchasing . On a positive note , I look forward to seeing what follows Andromeda . I 'm confident that Paddy has some more platinum in the vault .
 Fans had to endure 6 long years of dead silence before getting to hear Prefab 's follow-up to the brilliant `` Jordan
 There is a thin line between sensibility and downright cheesiness . While I still admire Paddy McAloon , I have to say that he went overboard on this one . Songs such as `` The Fifth Horseman '' exemplify the Sprouts ' sometimes risible music in this album . You can still get a glimpse of this very fine band 's genius in other songs such as `` Weightless '' , `` Andromeda Heights '' , and `` Electric Guitars '' . However , I have listened to this album for several months hoping that it would grow on me to no avail . In case you 're new to the Sprouts , try `` Swoon '' . It is one of the best pop albums ever made . It will challenge you at first with its musical and lyrical whim , but it will definitely grow on you . Also , `` Two Wheels Good '' is an absolute classic .
 Paddy McAloon and Prefab Sprout had 6 years and enough brilliance to create some of the best alternative music of all time in the 80s , it is such a disappointment that he and the band has fallen into such simple melodies and melodramatic topics . This is not worth the import price -LRB- I paid 35.00 by becoming impatient and not buying through Amazon.com -- about 33.00 too much -RRB-
 While it is a pleasure to have another Arrau performance of Beethoven 's 5th piano concerto , the presentation is disappointing . First of all there are about 40 minutes introduction , with a montage of interviews , rehearsals and so on , with a devastating commentary . Afterwards you get a hum-drum performance with a rather mediocre orchestra , tiny sound and not much of a concept . But what is really annoying about this disc ? Well , there 's a gap between sound and image , a gap of less than a second , to be sure , but enough for a distraction from the presentation . Finally I chose to switch off my tv and preferred to listen only .
 For pianists hoping to watch Arrau 's hands in this concerto , be warned , because the sound is out of synch with the video by about a second , rendering this DVD useless in my opinion .
 I was hoping that this band would have evolved in some or any degree over the past decade , but sadly they have not . Having the courtney love message on this cd is further testament that this band is tapped out . Now that Kim is in her 40s , you 'd think there would be more emphasis to release a breakthrough cd rather than these out-takes from the past .
 Bought this CD thinking it would be similar to their cover tune , Kids in America.Was I wrong , this is worst cd I 've has the displeasure to listen to.Old chic , lead singer does nothing but scream throughout all the tracks . The tunes are simplistic , lack depth and show no inkling of creativity.If you like endless screaming to nonsensical lyrics then this rubbish is for you .
 I bought this one on a whim when I was a lad , and immediately hated it . On a few more listens , I found a little bit to like , but not much . The songs all pretty much sound the same , and only a couple have some interesting things going on -LRB- Shreds of Sanity , Profane Creation -RRB- . Basically , death metal , and hardly memorable . The guy sings in a hoarse monotone the whole way through and the drumming is by the numbers . There are pretty pictures of cybernetic penis-guns in the booklet , but other than that ... well , lets just say that I do n't plan on keeping this one in my stereo in the years to come .
 Ohhhhh , it 's an AUDIO-dvd ! Here DVD means `` digital versatile disc '' not , as we usually think of it , a `` digital video disc '' . THERE IS NO VIDEO ! This is not a video of Chris Whitley , who we all love and miss , performing the songs from one of his great CDs . This is just a souped up audio version of the CD we all have.Who knew they have DVD 's without video ? This is for audiophiles . Not for people looking to watch him perform his songs.Love Chris Whitley , DVD-audios , not so much . Yeah , `` Dirt Floor '' CD is a 5 star CD . This bait-and-switch DVD Audio 1 star , unless you realize what you 're buying . Maybe you have a home theater ! Then maybe this is for you.All the reviews are reviewing the CD . Come on , Amazon . Sheesh .
 Any diehard Elvis fan such as myself would want to add this to their collection to make it complete . However , it is apparent that RCA has run out of quality unreleased material and are milking it for what it is worth . Except for the gospel numbers , who wants to listen to Elvis singing to the prerecorded backing tracks of Suppose and Indescribably Blue ? Tenn. . Waltz is not worth programming into your player.The one or two lines that were released on the 60 's box is good enough.The overall sound quality is better that I expected but if you feel the need to listen to this then find some shmuck who actually paid for this and ask to borrow it.One listen will do ` ya !
 It is clear from listening to these recording , especially the ones made in the sixties , how astray Elvis ' vision of who he was in the recording studio , had gone . Only in his gospel work do we hear the close harmonies that are evident on a lot of the songs recorded here -LRB- again , most dramatically from the 60 's -RRB- . Judging by what he recorded at home , and what he recorded for public consumption , the damage done to his career by the B movies becomes much clearer.For example , `` Tumblin ' Tumbleweeds '' , of all things , has a grace and beauty to it that Elvis rarely bothered to try to achieve at this time in the studio . If Elvis would have been truer to his musical roots , and adamant about recording what he loved , he would have never needed a `` 68 Comeback '' , because he would have never left .
 Having just read Peter Guralnick 's Careless Love , this new release intrigues me , but I wish I had more information . When were these recordings made ? Are these all from the 1970 's ? How bad is the sound ? Is the King 's voice already shot ? How does it compare to , say , the `` Million Dollar Quartet '' disc ?
 Do not , under any circumstances , be tempted to purchase this CD . I expected the sound quality to be poor , and it certainly is , but what 's most disappointing about this CD is Elvis is drowned out on many tracks by the flat voices of his buddies , Sonny and Red . If you are a fan of Elvis ' bodyguards for some reason , I suppose this might be of some interest , but otherwise , this is for completists only.These recordings were mostly made in the 1970 's in the Jungle Room at Graceland on a small , home reel to reel machine . Voices go on and off mic , there are strange thumps and noises in the background , and various other annoyances that one might expect of a `` historical recording . '' Really , the best thing about this CD is the picture of Elvis in uniform on the cover .
 Elvis at his most `` unplugged '' . This is Elvis playing and singing with friends . Very informal and not very pleasant to listen to . I suppose if you are an Elvis fan and a completist , you would probably buy this . However , due to the poor sound quality and questionable quality of the performances , you may not play this more than once .
 I purchased this CD about a month ago and was very disappointed in it . I was n't expecting great sound quality , but I did expect something better than this . There is too much laughing and constant chatter on this CD . If only `` the guys '' had taken a hike while Elvis was singing . The saddest thing is many of these songs would have been beautiful had Elvis recorded them professionally . I have many of Elvis ' recordings , but this is one that I wish I had saved my money on .
 Digging through RCA vaults in search of unreleased Elvis `` treasures '' recorded in the studio has its merits . Elvis was one of a handful of recording artists whose alternate takes could be as compelling as the master takes . Much of the artistic success of the _ Essential Elvis _ series is based on this fact.Enter the next phase in the process of scraping through the vaults in the BMG 's relentless quest to release every note , giggle , joke and body function Elvis ever committed to tape
 Doo do do dooo . When luv breaks down . doo do doo do . I heard so much raving about this record , but it 's got no balls . All hail the Bryan Adams of the UK !
 Overrated musical nihilists who basically just strip down the Ministry aesthetic and drag a minimal , anti-melodic , plodding vibration of attempted dread far past its interesting point .
 Well , it 's fast , I 'll give it that . But I ca n't make out any of the lyrics , and the vocals just sound like screeching -LRB- I Kinda sound like my dad here ! -RRB- . If you 're a grindcore maniac , you might like it , but I did n't enjoy this at all . Ans this is coming from a huge Motorhead and Slayer fan . All it did was give me headache . No rhythm , no harmony , no nothing . Save your cash .
 I 've been a fan of napalm for almost 16 yrs ago and to be honest this cd really was a piece of donkeycrap , seriously , if you want to get an idea of what this revolting mess sounds like , try playing some of their later -LRB- and muuuuuuuuuch better -RRB- , stuff on fast forward to a tape of two wolverines humphin ' while disembowelling a stray cat for added cheer ! very nonsensilcal and retarded are a lot of the three second songs , a waste of time when I first bought a loooooong time ago and still is , if you want better stuff from naplam , buy harmony corruption or utopia banished
 THis CD is horrible , as all the others released by this band . THis manages to be a little worse than the others !
 I 'm a huge Pentangle fan . Huge . Went for about a decade listening to Pentangle anywhere from every day to once a week . I love every member of the group and have many solo albums and other projects done by Renbourn , Jansch , McShee , and Thompson on either CD or LP or both -LRB- why have n't I ever noticed side work by Terry Cox ? I now wonder -RRB- . I bought this album back in the late 80s , knowing that anything by Pentangle was going to be good to great , with odds favoring great . Could n't STAND this one -- with electric bass and electric keyboards -LRB- not things I usually avoid , but just wrong for the Pentangle sound -RRB- , no Renbourn and no Thompson . It was a long time ago , but I found it to be unlistenable . I either gave it to someone I knew would n't listen to it , or I threw it away . Years later , I saw one of its songs on amazon as a free download , thought , `` it could n't really be that bad , could it ? Maybe this is even the best song on the album and I could make up for the fact that I lack this CD for free with the one cut . '' And it was god-awful . So , do n't take my word for it -- if you have every other Pentangle album , then , hey -- do n't let me stop you . It 's just money and a little bit of your time .
 I am a great Natalie fan . I found `` Ask a woman who know '' simply delicious ... so this new album is quite surprysing to me as it is boring , dull ... she still has a nice voice , but most of the songs do n't catch the listener . At least , they did n't attrack my attention ... with the exception of `` Day dreaming '' and `` The more you do it '' ... I hope next album is better than this.In the meantime , let 's hope we get a new album from the greatest voice of all time ... our dear Whitney nowadays seems to be ready to give us some hot material . She is in our prayers .
 after reading all the positive reviews i decided to buy this c.d. what a disappointment ! ! ! this is definitely not the natalie i have known over the years . the problem is the sophomoric hodge podge of love themed songs . did she recently get remarried or something ? it is an embarrassment to hear natalie singing `` do n't say goodnight '' . sorry , this is definitely not the sound of a mature artist . it sounds like a wannabe.don ' t waste your money on this - buy some of her older work . this will defintely be on the bottom of my pile of cds .
 `` Day Dreaming '' is the only decent song on this compilation of uninspired songs that were better left sung by other artists . What a waste of time and talent-I 've come to expect better from Natalie . I sure hope her record company prevents her from recording something like this in the future . Bring back the classy Natalie I know ! Do n't waste your money on this .
 This album is just awful . I did n't even buy it . I listened to the snippets on -LSB- ... -RSB- and if that is any indication , this album will be a total flop . How can reviewers call this music R&B ; ? First of all , the song selections are terrible . Natalie either chose songs that were too recent to cover -LRB- i.e. Fiona Apple 's `` Criminal '' , Sting 's `` If I Ever Lose My Faith In You '' or Des ` ree 's `` You Got ta Be '' -RRB- or songs that will be forever labeled as belonging to the original recording artist -LRB- Neil Young - `` Old Man '' and Bonnie Raitt `` Love Letter '' -RRB- . I do n't know what drew Natalie to choose these songs but whatever the reason , her interpretations do n't come across as sincere . Listening to the samples left me empty.I prefer Natalie 's jazz albums . That genre of music better suits her voice , particularly as she gets older . This is a poor attempt at a pop music comeback and will likely go down as one of the stinkers in 2006 .
 While there a couple of good tracks most are poor covers , if you want to hear a great version of Old Man buy Liz Wright version & the same goes for Desiree ` Got ta Be ' . Having seen Natalie Cole in concert performing a lack lusted show of some of her new album in London -LRB- concert lasted 75mins -RRB- , it made me want to delete her albums from my ipod . Shame on you Miss Cole ! You have lost a few fans from last night .
 I was disappointed and bored with this release . Although I love many of the songs , the versions I like are n't performed by Ms. Cole . Go back to your roots , Natalie . This did n't do it for me
 Natalie Cole is Both a great Vocalist & very stunning looking lady , but this Album ca n't bring any life . the Problem is that Natalie cole has already done this Album 2-3 times already way better . now Natalie Cole is a Very underrated Artist & very versatile , but this sleepy time Album is just mainly polished Cashews & Wine Music for the background . I did like Natalie take on the Isley Brother 's Do n't say goodnight & Aretha Franklin 's : `` Day Dreamin '' , but aside from that this album does n't hold my attention . Natalie Cole has already done way better Cover Projects .
 I think that this album of Natalie is not so good ; there are many songs that in their original versions -LRB- Criminal by Fiona Apple , If I ever lose my faith in you by Sting , Day dreaming by Aretha Frankin -RRB- were very good songs , while Natalie , in her interpretations , make them much more `` pop '' than they were before ; `` pop '' in the sense that Natalie 's interpretations are more commercial and easy.I do n't like this album very much ; the only song that I consider good is You got ta be .
 The CD is a disappointment on two fronts . The recording quality itself is poor ; muddy , distorted , inarticulate , sometimes distant , and poorly balanced . I 'm sorry to sound so overwhelmingly negative , but the truth is that most of the CD sounds like it was recorded by an amateur with lousy equipment and needles pushing red all over the place . On the second front , the performances are inconsistent and far from inspirational . There is definitely some music worth hearing on this disc , but your Larry Young money is better spent elsewhere -LRB- `` Unity '' , for example -RRB- .
 I loved Sierra Swan when she would sing with Scooter Ward with such great songs like `` Suffocate '' and `` No One '' However this disc to me any way was dreadful it sounded like the bad modern pop instead of an original recording . It occurs to me that she was pushing for more radio play and relying on bad modern techniques and in order to do that I could not tell weather she was trying for Jessica Simpson or Celine Dion -LRB- OK maybe that is a little too far -RRB- sad really I had so many hopes however I still have a belief that her future releases may be more mature and although I disliked this album I gave it two stars for the fact the she is finally out there however tragically this falls short .
 OK , let me start off by saying that I am indeed a VU fan and do not write this to bash the band , I just want to warn those who are unsuspecting and think that this package is actually `` deluxe '' , because it 's not . This album is essentially the original release , some Nico songs thrown in and the un-edited version of the album . This may sound like a lot of great stuff , but pay attention . The Nico songs can be bought seperately , they are not exclusive to this release . But the real problem is that the second disc sounds so identically similar to the original that it defeats its own purpose . I 've listened to the discs with headphones on and there are differences , but they are so small and slight that even the most devoted fan probably would n't be able to tell the difference in a blind taste test . If you are trully a completionist and want every VU release , by all means knock yourself out , but if you already own the original do n't waste your money . Finally , if you do n't own the original or the deluxe , definitely by the original , it is one of the most under-rated and under-appreciated rock n roll albums of all time .
 i love the original cd but the second cd is the same than the first , should be like Loaded -LRB- fourth lp of Velvets -RRB- in his version '' fully loaded edition '' two disc with alternate and different versions of the same songs
 You can read all the reviews you want to about this album ; for me , anything with the Velvets boils down to feelings . I was 19 in 1971 when I heard this album for the first time , and it simply blew me away . I was into what I thought for the time `` alternative '' music
 Alright , I just listened repeatedly to the entire discography of the Velvets and reached the following conclusion
 The cd contains the a remastered edition of the original album . I do n't know what the engineers had in mind , but the remastered edition makes my ears bleed . The sound volume has been boosted to a way too high volume and results in completely distorted music . Some of the songs are totally unlistenable . Sure , the loudness of the original album is much less than most current releases , but this is no excuse to change that.To conclude
 I am an open-minded sort , and approached listening to this record as such . I think people who LOVE this `` music '' must be the types who look for the hidden messages of an artist -LRB- visual or music -RRB- . I do n't listen to music for its messages unless it is pleasing to my ear first . I understand what dissonance and syncopation are . They are not excuses for poor musicianship . I recently pulled out my copy of this recording and re-listened to it thinking I was n't ready for it when I first purchased and listened to it in the '80s . It was n't as bad as I remembered , but my 1-star vote is a meager attempt to correct the over-inflated rating this album has in this forum.Before anyone dismisses me as close-minded , I think you should know that I can get into many types of music . Take for instance Frank Zappa ... I am not a GREAT fan but I appreciate and would highly rate most of his work ... but not the Velvet Underground.I am suddenly struck by the thought that those who enjoy the avant-garde tend to be individualists , but as I witness the countless 5-star reviews here I ca n't help but think VU fans are sheep .
 This is truly the most overrated album of all time . Nevermind ? Ten ? Dark Side of the Moon ? The Wall ? Wish You Were Here ? Sgt. Pepper 's ? Machine Head ? Images and Words ? Wishmaster ? Lift Yr . Skinny Fists ? OK Computer ? Disintigration ? The Downward Spiral ? RATM ? Nevermind the Bollocks ? Anything by Minor Threat ? Reign in Blood ? Ace of Spades ? Evanescence 's worthless Fallen ? Hell no . This is the king , always and forever .
 This was a classic in its day . Listning to this album in 2005 is truly painfull . . it 's almost 40 years old . You do the rest of the math ...
 Does anyone recommend this album to a classic rocker ? I 'm only a teenager , but I like AC/DC , Zeppelin , The Who , Pink Floyd , The Beatles , etc. . I was wondering if anyone would give me an idea on whether to purchase this album or pass it up and buy something closer to what I like .
 I bought this album because this smart guy in school is always talking about it and I thought , `` Hey , bet he likes cool bands like Incubus and Hoobastank , I should check this out . '' I mean , `` Velvet Underground '' sounds like `` Velvet Revolver '' , right ? So I was expecting some sweet licks and solos like Slash might pull out , or maybe some awesomely screaming vocals that ROCK the paint off the walls!Well let me tell you , none of that is to be found.The album starts off with a little toy xylophone . A TOY XYLOPHONE ! Come on ! How the hell can your name sound like `` Velvet Revolver '' and you put little tinkly xylophones in there ? It made me want to turn it off immediately , but I pushed through . After some songs , one of them was bluesy and stuff , I get to this song with a viola . I mean , do any of these guys know how to rock ? The lead singer just mumbles his way through things , Lou Reed , lead talker ! As for the instrumentation , the guitars are sloppy and the drummer is so simplistic , I mean , I bet these guys ca n't dance AT ALL , and certainly not to the decidedly UN-phat beats on this crap CD.My other problem is that this CD is just not from the streets . I mean , they claim to be `` Underground '' but come on , Nico ? She 's not Beyonce , she 's not even Ashanti . Ja Rule would n't be caught dead dueting with her , so why the hell is she on this album if it 's so great ? And Lou Reed would never stand up to 50 Cent . OK , so they hung out with Andy Warhol who survived getting shot , but he got shot by some lady , it 's not the same as when a Gangsta shoots you.In conclusion , this album is decidedly poor . Sloppy instruments , a tired lead singer , and a lack of rockitude force me to recommend New Found Glory or Dave Matthews Band if you want to get down . G-Unit if you want something street . Velvet Underground if you want to waste money .
 I regret that i got carried away by the recommendations given on my previous purchases as well as the other reviews on this compilation `` Peel slowly and see '' is definitely one of the worst in my collection.It sounded more like a jam session by a not so talented garage band ! Do i say more.Can i have my money back or atleast exchange the same for some better music ?
 I have committed certain critical suicide by bashing this album , but so be it . For all of the hushed , awed appraisals of the 1967 VU release `` The Velvet Underground and Nico , '' I really doubt that anyone truly enjoys this album -- those who claim to are simply falling victim to `` Well-I-guess-I 'm - supposed-to-like-this '' syndrome . There are countless albums that are more original , more melodic , more inspired , and , especially , more timeless than this one.I guess I heard VU too late in life -- when I finally purchased a copy of `` Nico '' last year , I was preparing myself to be stunned by what my friends called `` visionary music . '' What I got in return was a collection of quaint , jangly guitar rock songs , not unlike a softer version of The Who . It has some original character of its own , with a few fey guitar distortion parts and screeching viola lines thrown into the mix , adding a somewhat bizarre and obtuse character to Lou Reed 's bluesy compositions . Occasionally , an actual tune -LRB- i.e. , `` Sunday Morning '' -RRB- emerged from the ` experimentation , ' but even its melodic merits sounded dated and clich&eacute; to my modern ears . That 's the chief problem with `` Nico '' -- once you have heard the music of VU-influence bands like the Jesus and Mary Chain , Joy Division , and the Stooges , you do n't turn back to this primordial album . It may have been alt-rock 's blueprint , but it is not that genre 's definitive statement.I 'm sure that , at some point in time , VU sounded unlike anyone else . They were supposedly the antithesis of the `` flower-power '' movement of the late 60s , as if this is supposed to be some sort of admirable feat -LRB- maybe it 's just me , but a lot of good and influential music came out of that ` wimpy ' hippie movement -RRB- . Needless to say , VU 's golden moment has long since passed . Subsequent musical generations have outdone VU by tenfold -LRB- yet try to find * any * band that has outdone the Beatles or the Stones -RRB- , and their original catalog , including this album , seems now like nothing more than an antiquated , dusty chronicle . What 's more , it simply does not compare to the music of contemporaries such as the Beatles , Jimi Hendrix , The Who , et al ; it was n't like VU were the only ones ` breaking rules ' during the 60s . Such a forward-looking attitude was more the norm than the exception during this decade . To me , VU 's jangly rhythm guitars and cutesy background vocals do not constitute truely futuristic musical vision . Their ` sonic assaults ' are not at all shocking to my ears -- modern bands have pushed the envelope much further , and with better songwriting , to boot.VU may have made it to the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame -LRB- a joke considering that the Stooges and so many other more deserving bands have been left outside looking in -RRB- and they may be rock critics ' favorite child , but I dare anyone to say that VU 's music is n't hopelessly dated . Not only that , but it is also roundly mediocre , with tuneless arrangments and muzzy production that subtracts from any hope of an actual song rising to the fore . Call it ` cool , ' call it ` hip , ' but do n't call it genius -- to elevate `` Nico '' above the scores of superior albums that followed in its wake is akin to putting a unicellular amoeba above a developed human . To steal a line from Reed himself , `` what comes is better than what came before . '' How strikingly true .
 No - there 's nothing wrong with the Velvet Underground - one of my absolute favorite groups of all time . But this box set is a big disappointment.First of all - not much live stuff - and what 's included is sketchy and poor quality . There 's also nothing included from the album , `` Live at Max 's Kansas City . `` Secondly , the album includes the `` closet mix '' version of the Velvet Underground 's self-titled 3rd album - not the commercially released version you are familiar with . Now let me tell you , Lou Reed may be one of the great songwriters of the 20th century , but he 's no producer - its no surprise why the third lp was not released as the closet mix - it does NOT do the album justice . So , if you 're buying this boxset in part , to get the 3rd album on disc , you will be disappointed.Thirdly , why all the missing music ?!? This box set as a comprehensive , representative collection of the VU 's music is an utter failure . Great songs from other Velvet Underground compilations - `` VU , '' `` Another View , '' etc. , - are missing . The first cd - an entire disc of demos of all the songs that are on disc two - is overkill . I 've got REAL old pre-VU stuff on vinyl - eg . `` Ostrich Song , '' `` Cycle Annie , '' etc. , that is not included either - In other words , the music from the Lou Reed 's early , formative years is not even represented.If you 're trying to replace all your old vinyl and cassettes of the Velvet Underground , with compact disc - as I was - this box set is NOT for you . Do yourself a favor and avoid the frustration by spending about the same amount of money and instead buying the albums `` VU and Nico , '' `` White Light/White Heat , '' `` Velvet Underground , '' and `` Loaded , '' - then get the two later-released compilations , `` Another View , '' and `` VU . '' NOW you 've got all the essential music you need . If you 're STILL not satsfied , then get the box set .
 The record I received is the regular 180 black vinyl album , not the yellow one that is advertise . I already had the original black vinyl release so this is just false advertisement . Buyers beware !
 TVU was the front band for The Exploding Plastic Inevitable , Andy Warhol 's answer to the San Francisco-scene light shows . Without the intriguing visual montage of the live show -LRB- and the decibels -RRB- -- placed in a studio just making music -- TVU was at a disadvantage . The main creative force in the band , Lou Reed , was content to keep the music simple -LRB- or `` minimal '' -RRB- ; some of the music on this album is only a step above three-chord garage rock . Reed 's lead guitar work was competent , but not gripping , often leading nowhere in particular . Then there was the original Eurotrashette , Nico , and her wobbly warblings . -LRB- In fairness , it must be pointed out that Nico was basically foisted on the group by Warhol , who felt that a touch of glamour up front would help the band 's appeal . -RRB- Taken as a whole , considered more than forty years later , the effect leaves many scratching their heads over the enthusiasm that this ensemble has engendered among otherwise seemingly sensible people . -LRB- Rolling Stone magazine put this album at number thirteen on its list of The Best Albums of All Time , `` All Time '' apparently being basically since Rolling Stone started publication . -RRB- But vanguard artists are often looked at in retrospect with a lack of comprehension about the contributions they made that were absorbed into mainstream sensibilities.What might TVU 's contributions to popular music under the heading of rock be ? The group injected street grit into a music scene that was becoming increasingly sophisticated and was soon to go hippy-dippy -LRB- this album was released on the eve of the Summer of Love -RRB- . They took their cue from Bob Dylan , as so many did , and pushed his acerbic poetic musings on contemporary life a bit further , openly taking on drugs as a theme , for instance . Rock and roll seems to be ingrained with a nostalgie de la boue that reasserts itself every so often . TVU showed that you could sell attitude , without having much in the way of music underpinning the act . TVU polished a cool , edgy image , and image was what Warhol was about.As an artist , Warhol succeeded by turning his deficits into assets
 While everything else was fine , the album did not come in the yellow vinyl as the description said . I paid a few extra bucks for it that I could have saved if I bought just the regular vinyl , which is what I received .
 The Velvet Underground is a favorite of mine . They became a great band AFTER this mess was recorded . I try listening to it once in a while to see if it has anything to offer and I come up empty . The singer Nico does a decent Marianne Faithfull impression when she 's not sounding like she 's about to drift into a heroin coma .
 I was there when this album first came out . I bought it the first month it hit the shelves , simply to own an album by a band associated with Andy Warhol . In 1967 , he was hip , cool , and perfectly tuned into popular culture . I took the album home , peeled off the banana peel on the cover , put the record on and was disappointed . `` Sunday Morning '' was obviously meant to be a hit single but never made it . `` Femme Fatale '' was a lovely ballad written by Lou reed which was destroyed by a -LSB- poor -RSB- arrangement on guitar , lousy production , and stunningly bad singing by Nico . The other songs were dreary musical dirges about drugs , s/m , etc. . The very poor production quality made the album stand out as raw to many . To my ears , it just sounded like garbage . I returned the album to the store the next day . About 30,000 people bought the album and then it died at the stores . A miserably unsuccessful debut album in a year full of great musical highlights.Fast forward ahead to 1969 . The Velvets are falling apart . They can barely pay their rent . Lou Reed composes two great songs for the `` Loaded '' album
 This is a terrible reissue of one of the greatest albums ever recorded . Instead of messing around with why the album itself is good or bad , I will just go right in to why the REISSUE is anything but essential.The reissue starts with the album in stereo . After that , there are a few NICO solo tracks . NICO is great , and I love NICO , but her work needs to be appriciated on its own . This would be like reissuing an album by the Who and adding Pete Townsend solo tracks.After the NICO tracks , the Mono Singles begin . After the mono singles , the mono album composes the second disc . Listening to the album in mono is kind of neat , but why put the singles on there if they are already on the album in the mono mix.In the end this is a waste of time and money . Rather than spend thirty dollars on this pitiful two disc set , I would suggest buying the original version of the album and a NICO album . This would cost roughly the Same amount of money but more worth the listeners while .
 I know this is going to be heresy . I first heard this band 's record over thirty years ago . The rock press was fallin ' all over themselves with praise about how important this band was . They were mentioned in the same sense as the Beatles , Stones , Byrds . ect as major rock influences . I bought this album in the mid sixties , I listened many times , trying to like it and wondering what I was missing . Most garage bands I knew could play and make up better songs . The songs are one or two cords -LRB- oK sometimes three -RRB- , the singers drone on and on , I 'm never sure what they are going on about and the whole thing was recorded in a substandart fashion , which makes it unlistenable . I was recently making a late sixties mix and bought the album , I am leaving them off ! Sorry , not the Beatles , not even the Iron Butterfly or even Blue Cheer . . Skip this one , if you want a better picture of the sixties and it 's wierdness , get the Nuggets box set instead
 I generally will not review a product on Amazon unless the existing commentary is thin . This CD is an exception , because it 's so critically acclaimed and so flawed that I do n't think there can be enough negative reviews on here to compensate for the cult following of people who 've listened to it so many times that they think it 's worthwhile for the rest of us.I do n't need to tell you what 's wrong with it . There are lots of other good reviews detailing the many ills of this recording
 Lou Reed ca n't sing , or play , and if you combine that with a penchant for writing songs that are unpleasant to listen to , then you can call it avante garde , and it can somehow justify this foursome of nobodies having a record deal when many other bands with talent went hungry . Influential ? You bet . Punk rock would not exist without this album . Interesting ? Sure . It 's different ; that 's for sure . Fun to listen to ? Only if your tastes run the gamut from the frog-voiced fashion model Nico to the psycho rantings of Lou Reed about Heroin , sadomasochism , and other `` fun '' topics . John Cale 's violin screeches offer the final proof that this is one album you can not listen to for pleasure.If you like this album , you deserve it .
 I 'm about to comitt heresy
 I 've listened to this album repeatedly , and I just do n't like it . Why should I settle for a band with very little musical talent ? There are so many other bands that have good songwriting AND talent to spare that I do n't see the point of dripping praise upon Andy Warhol.I wonder if anybody has ever compared Velvet Underground to Phish . I think this comparison perfectly demonstrates the difference between bands with opposite levels of talent . Both have the appeal of a band that never made a deliberate effort to become popular.I realize that a lot of people really like this album , but I think it 's completely ridiculous to call it the best album ever . Do you realize what sort of competition is out there ? If this tops everything that Led Zeppelin -LRB- or a hundred other good bands -RRB- ever did , then I must just be crazy .
 This album almost defies logic ; it 's not meant to be pleasant sounding and so any attempt to clean up this album seems almost sacrilegious and yet this album has inspired great musicians such as David Bowie -LRB- heck the whole punk rock genre -RRB- and even David Sylvian 's Japan has done a very interesting rendition of `` All Tomorrow 's Parties '' the original version here being my favorite track.Sadly and true to form , Amazon has gotten their product descriptions wrong again as this version of the classic album in definitely not remastered as is advertised ! The sound quality is just as good/bad -LRB- depending upon your point of view -RRB- as the normal , much , much cheaper version that 's currently out there . And so is this version worth more than $ 41 bucks?Granted the mini-lp sleeve is a nice work of art in itself but frankly , unless you do n't already have this album , it 's really hard to justify the incredibly expensive price as it 's not like the sound quality is vastly improved or anything like that . Hence the 2 stars , which is not a reflection of the creative content of this album which is simply a modern art masterpiece but is for the great lack of value for money this version of the album represents unless you 'd pay more than 4 times the price for basically what amounts to well-designed cardboard.If you had to translate avant-garde to music however , this album is what it would sound like . The late great artist Andy Warhol did the album cover and apparently produced the album as well . Like all sonic works of art , the only way to listen to this properly is to just experience the album allowing every note to slowly sink in with your eyes closed . From the almost innocent nursery-rhymish opener , `` Sunday Morning '' to the cacophony of the last track , `` European Son '' , with gems like `` Heroin '' and `` All Tomorrow 's Parties '' in between add the Dylan-esque spoofs of `` There She Goes Again '' and `` I 'm Waiting for the Man '' and you have with the album design both a visual and sonic work of art.The content of this album is a very important contribution to rock music history and definitely a lasting classic .
 most supporters of the VU seem impressed that this record has songs about bondage and drugs on it with a cover by Andy Warhol . so what ? the question is , are the songs any good ? not really . Sunday Morning is a sweet pop song . Waiting for the Man is repetitious with a threadbare tune and is only notable for being about a heroin dealer . who cares ... the song is n't any good regardless what it 's about . All Tomorrow 's Parties has an intersting atmosphere bouyed by a strange piano phrase but it just plays that figure over and over . that song really needs a bridge . it gets very tedious . the last two songs are just a bunch of noise . this record is wildly overrated . any CCR lp of the time has better written songs without the pretentious Warhol/drug/pop art connection . bands like REM and U2 cite this album as a major influence on them which is n't surprising because those bands have basically been making the same records musically for the last 20 years with only changes in production , not improvement or variation in songwriting . take away all the sordid drug and bondage ideas and VU is just an album of so-so tunes .
 No - there 's nothing wrong with the Velvet Underground - one of my absolute favorite groups of all time . But this box set is a big disappointment.First of all - not much live stuff - and what 's included is sketchy and poor quality . There 's also nothing included from the album , `` Live at Max 's Kansas City . `` Secondly , the album includes the `` closet mix '' version of the Velvet Underground 's self-titled 3rd album - not the commercially released version you are familiar with . Now let me tell you , Lou Reed may be one of the great songwriters of the 20th century , but he 's no producer - its no surprise why the third lp was not released as the closet mix - it does NOT do the album justice . So , if you 're buying this boxset in part , to get the 3rd album on disc , you will be disappointed.Thirdly , why all the missing music ?!? This box set as a comprehensive , representative collection of the VU 's music is an utter failure . Great songs from other Velvet Underground compilations - `` VU , '' `` Another View , '' etc. , - are missing . The first cd - an entire disc of demos of all the songs that are on disc two - is overkill . I 've got REAL old VU stuff on vinyl - eg . `` Ostrich Song , '' `` Cycle Annie , '' etc. , that is not included either - In other words , the music from the VU 's early , formative years is not even represented.If you 're trying to replace all your old vinyl and cassettes of the Velvet Underground , with compact disc - as I was - this box set is NOT for you . Do yourself a favor and avoid the frustration by spending about the same amount of money and instead buying the albums `` VU and Nico , '' `` White Light/White Heat , '' `` Velvet Underground , '' and `` Loaded , '' - then get the two later-released compilations , `` Another View , '' and `` VU . '' NOW you 've got all the essential music you need . If you 're STILL not satsfied , then get the box set .
 This album is one of those records that is bought by sophomores in college who want to look cool . It is soooo avante-garde and so hip to buy an album all the other cool people say that you should have . But upon listening to this record years later , I do have to say that it is really boring ! The chord progressions are trite and simple . The production quality is lousy . The lyrics are about uninteresting people who have no socially redeeming qualities . The singing hurts my ears . Lou Reed is a terrible lead guitarist , and when he attempts to play `` fast '' he is about as lousy as they get . Sell this CD at a used record store and get a life ! Spend your money on something else . You 'll regret buying this boring piece of music in about 5 years . Trust me . Or else buy `` Rock and Roll Animal . '' It 's a somewhat better album .
 This record was released in 1967 , the same year The Beatles 's `` Sergeant Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' , The Jefferson Airplane 's `` Surrealistic Pillow '' , Creams `` Disraeli Gears '' , and Pink Floyd 's `` Piper at the Gates of Dawn '' were-in other words , in a year of amazing , brilliant , and original rock and roll records . `` Velvet Underground & Nico '' is very different from these four records -LRB- except that `` European Son '' is slightly reminiscent of `` Piper at the Gates of Dawn '' 's `` Interstellar Overdrive '' -RRB- , but obviously derived from 1965 's `` Bringing It All Back Home '' and `` Highway 61 Revisited '' by Bob Dylan , with a bit of mid-sixties Rolling Stones thrown in . Really , I think `` Velvet Underground & Nico '' 's claim to unusualness rests mainly on the ineptitude of its musicians . The guitars and Nico 's and Lou Reed 's singing -LRB- when he tries to sing , that is , -- a big mistake -RRB- are very , very much out of tune , and no one here knows how to play his instrument-and I 'm not just talking about John Cale on `` electric viola '' ; the rest ca n't claim to be doing it deliberately . Lou Reed 's lyric imagery differs from Bob Dylan 's mainly in that it is much cruder -LRB- but for that matter , with `` Blonde on Blonde '' in 1966 Dylan had already gone well past `` Bringing It All Back Home '' and `` Highway 61 Revisited '' -RRB- . `` Velvet Underground & Nico '' gets my votes for worst record of 1967 and worst record with which Lou Reed was associated -- including `` Machine Metal Music '' . Recommended
 `` The fact of the matter is , even if you buy a record because it is influential , you wont -LSB- sic -RSB- listen to it unless it is good . '' Although , I 'm going to take up the matter of influence in a moment , first I want to acknowledge the above sentence . Its author , I think , hits the nail on the head . But does he ever wonder how much owners of this formerly obscure artifact from an excessive era really do listen to it ? I mean even those owners who profess to be passionately devoted to it . I doubt very often . I imagine very seldom.We might reasonably suppose it influenced Lou Reed , whose talent developed gradually and is only slightly in evidence here . Lou Reed and Iggy Pop -LRB- then Iggy Stooge -RRB- influenced David Bowie and late seventies punk rock . David Bowie influenced late seventies and early eighties new wave . Punk rock and new wave influenced what came to be called `` alternative rock '' . So , yes , I suppose you could say this album influenced `` alternative rock '' , but mostly indirectly , and for that matter , Lou Reed was himself greatly influenced by Bob Dylan . Considering how much else was going on at the time `` Velvet Underground & Nico '' was originally released , a respect for historical perspective requires us to admit that `` Velvet Underground & Nico '' was and is relatively insignificant.More to the point , it was and is unmusical .
 Pretentious lyrics , painful melodies , mediocre musicianship , a guest appearance from the enigmatic `` Nico , '' and an album cover that Andy Warhol spent five minutes designing . What 's not to love ? Well , everything . But this record has always been a critical favorite . Why ? Because critics love music that no one else does , especially pretentious music . That 's what separates music critics from the proletariat . So who do you believe , the critics , or your lying ears ?
 I 've been hearing about this band forever . People really like them . That 's awesome . However , these guys dont even mask ripping off other artists . There She Goes Again , IS , Hitch Hike from the Rolling Stones . I have never heard a band rip off anything like that before.I think this CD is pretty lame . If you want to buy something different thats a bit off the mainstream , do n't start here .
 Removed ... if you do n't live VU , then you must be wrong.Rating still applies .
 Some albums/bands are afforded a particular status as a received opinion , The Velvets are one such.There music is conventional . their lyrics obvious , but it is uncool to say so , There was some good music made in the late 60 's , Beefheart et.al . Not by this band however .
 This is one of the worst albums I have ever heard in my life ; the singing is horrible and the lyrics are insipid . . , no amount of drug referecesare going to save tuneless concoctions such as `` waiting for the man '' and `` Run Run Run . '' Nico is a true horror , her ... voice makes unlistenable material `` Femme Fatale etc. '' even worse . Lou Reed was -LRB- and still is -RRB- a writer of unmelodic and uninteresting song rendered listenable only by the occasional collaboration with a brilliant producer . The only thing that makes this album tolerable is John Cale , whose viola renders certain song -LRB- Heroin , Venus in Furs -RRB- and listenable and sometimes even beautiful . The ominous shrieks actually provide a line of melody where previously there would have been none .
 Although this album is not a heavy listening experience , in that there are no heavy metal type of sounds , there are screeching violins that are just as disturbing . The song Heroin is an attempt to reconstruct the musical feeling of taking heroin and the attitude towards it , the most scything feeling on the entire album . Sometimes they sound like the Byrds and sometimes they sound like the Stones but the sound is original in its energetic impact . Seems as if there were so many modern musical masterpieces released in 1967 ... yes this is one of them and worth its place on anybody 's must listens .
 Trusting the masses has always been a dangerous thing . But perhaps even more dangerous is be duped after they give you evidence . Case in point , Velvet Underground and Nico . I was n't really interested in VU , even when I saw their album on many `` Best of all-Time '' lists . But when I started reading tha tthey had influenced some of my favorite bands , like Nirvana , REM , etc. , it was enough to make me almost believe . Almost . I downloaded the entire album off the computer and burned a CD , and surprise ! surprise !! I did n't like what I heard . So simplistic . So pretentious . So uncreative . So boring . The album starts off with `` Sunday Morning , '' and the first time I heard it , I remember thinking , `` Hey ! I though this is what started Alternative . Why does it sound nothing like Alt-rock ? '' I had an opened mind and thought it would get better . It did n't . `` Waiting for the Man , '' the next track , I found silly , boring , and again , anything but alternative . This is Classic Rock . Or Oldies . The production is so bad it actually sounds like a 50 's record . I will admit that `` Heroin '' is a decent song , about 3 Stars out of 5 , but the rest is so simple that it becomes numbingly boring.Now that the actual music is discussed , let 's move on to the influences . Did Talking Heads , Bowie , Iggy Pop , Nirvana , and REM like the Velvet Underground ? Yes . Does that really mean anything ? No . Despite what so many reviews here say , THIS IS NOT THE BEGINNING OF ALTERNATIVE . If this is first alternative record , as claimed , then why did it take 22 years before the NEXT alternative record -LRB- `` Nevermind '' Nirvana -RRB- was released ? Some have said it was because they were ahead of their time . Now go back and listen to the actual album , without taking into consideration those that were `` influenced '' by it . Listen to `` I 'm Waiting For the Man . '' Now , can you honestly say that this simplistic album was ahead of it 's time ? You can reason and say that VU influenced David Bowie or Iggy Pop , who in turn influenced Blondie and Talking Heads , who in turn influenced REM who in turn influenced Nirvana , etc. etc. . Even with that family tree reasoning , it 's still a strech . Alternative is unique , stranger chord progressions and deeper lyrics than regular rock . Listen to Pearl Jam 's `` Ten '' and then `` VU and Nico '' and see if it 's really the same type of music . Are the bands mentioned above influenced by VU ? Sure . But they 're influenced , too , by the Beatles and other bands . Does that mean that teh Beatles started every hybrid of rock imaginable ? Nope . Last example
 John was quite ill when he made this record , and it shows . There 's no inspiration , and no syncopation . Everything is tired , flat , listless , dull . You 'll never find a more apt title on anyone 's album than `` Minutes Seem Like Hours , the Hours Seem Like Days '' . So this is for completists only . As the album title itself says `` I Remember ` Blind Joe Death ' '' - now THAT was a great album !
 Fahey explained this disaster by saying that he had a virus when it was recorded and during the playback . It 's a very poor album , full of bum notes and uninspiring playing . There 's plenty of potentially good material , but it 's really an object lesson against recording things when you 're ill . His producer should have called on him to re-record it when he was better . It 's too late now , of course .
 If I could give this album no stars , I would . This album is pitiful ! Peterson cant swing for his life . Ray Brown is good here , and I just ca n't figure Ed Thigpen out . Man , this was terrible . If you buy this , you will be dissapointed !!
 Aah ! It hurts . Just listening to it makes me want to say `` Get Out of My House You Bums '' . While on the subject ` It Was Blip Jock Harvey ' by the Mellonheads is a very sleuth record . This is not . I thought it was supposed to be heavy ... my mum liked it though . She says they are like a young Barry Manilow .
 This is not music . It is nothing . This CD is horrible , Napalm Death makes nothing new in relation to their other albuns .
 This is a perfectly fine collection of Mills Brothers and Ink Spots tunes , BUT the fine print says -LRB- regarding the `` Platters '' and `` Drifters '' songs -RRB-
 While the video assumes the position from a couples angle , I personally found it to be of little assistance to me . Excessive medical commentary makes this video a little long and drawn out .
 I bought this DVD brand new and it did n't work . I tried on two different DVD players and it did n't work . I have n't had time to return it yet .
 `` Currently unavailable '' ... I should have been so lucky when I stumbled upon this stinkeroo a few years back . The `` Greatest Hits '' are unrecognizable . Either this is a vanity project or it 's Mr. Burdon gleaning new performance royalties . I 'm giving it one star only because zero is currently unavailable .
 Although in technique and efficiency this is a mature Godflesh effort , it misses the cohesion of mechanics and feeling that made earlier Godflesh great . The hypno-trance stylings and abrupt , brutally minimal beats are great but do n't save the distracted focus of this work .
 11/2 Going for decadently dilapidated , all i get is deathly dull with occasional pounding prowess and shrill sensation .
 WOW - This album is proof that even if you like one song on a CD , it does NOT mean you 'll like the rest of their stuff . These songs -LRB- except for `` Chasing Cars '' which I still like -RRB- are SO MONOTONOUS and unimaginatively played ! In each song , not only are the lyrics repetitive , but the music consists of phrases that are intoned again and again , without much variation . The drummer rarely plays any fills , but just keeps playing the same beat over ... and over ... and over ... It makes for a truly boring listening experience . The comparisons to Coldplay are valid on only the most superficial level .
 With the exception of ` Chasing Cars , ' there is little originality or variety on this album . Final Straw is much better , and significantly less depressing . The entire album is slow moving and morose in mood . Perhaps I need to listen to it more , but I find myself wanting to turn it off almost everytime I pop it in .
 I rarely purchase a CD without listening to the entire album first . I 've been burned too many times . I thought I 'd take a chance on Snow Patrol , based on the strength of their single , `` Chasing Cars '' . That was a mistake.Is it just me , or did every other melody sound exactly like the one before it ? The lyrics were repetitive and mediocre . I feel that good music should make you feel * something * . Listening to this , I felt NOTHING.Well that 's not true . I felt disappointed and annoyed for having wasted my money on this CD .
 I just got ta say that anybody who likes their early stuff and the Reindeer Section who says this album is good is being very forgiving . I listened to this album and just thought , `` These guys want to make a whole lot of money . '' This is especially disappointing since they have had up to this point such an authentic sensiblity . Like another reviewer said , you can play this for your family , or in your car and not be disgusted ... BUT , for Snow Patrol , this is below average . The packaging seems appropriate
 A tragic disappointment . This should 've been called the We sold out album . There are several radio friendly tracks . Lightbody has obviously worked hard to lose his heavy accent and the end product is bland and sounds just like everyone else . There 's nothing distinct about this album . There are a couple of pathetic attempts to recapture the mood of their previous album but they fall flat . Sadly , they still have great lyrics , but they lack emotion . If you like the earlier sounds of Snow Patrol , do n't waste you 're time on this generic trash . This is n't the indy Scottish alternative sound you expect .
 Well , their guitars are in tune . That 's about all I can say about this creatively dull CD . It has all the syrup but none of quirk of Coldplay whom they seem to be emulating . It might be endearing if it was n't so boring . I found myself yelling at the car stereo on track 10 `` open your damn eyes already ! '' The one bright spot was ` Set The Fire To The Third Bar ` at least it had some soul . The lyrics are probably the worst part except for the music - have n't these guys ever heard of a lead guitar ? Seriously , I am majorly disappointed considering how impressed I was by an acoustic version of ` Chocolate ' I heard on a local radio station . Got ta Go - I 've already wasted too much of my life on this ... yawn ... err , what was I talking about ??? Does n't matter , see ya .
 I loved , and still love their last album . What the hell happened ? This is meek , watered down , radio friendly and unexciting . After two listens , yes there are a few decent songs but other than that ... go buy Final Straw if you have n't heard 'em and are interested . I was wondering why it was so cheap . Unoading it to the naive or hopeful I guess .
 Could there be a more instantly forgettable group than Snow Patrol ? I mean , let me guess -- you heard a couple of songs , they sounded cool , you bought the CD and played it a few times , and how often to you play it now ? Ever ? Mgawsh , they become so tiresome so quickly . You 'll notice how fast even their hits get dropped from radio playlists ? The DJs got bored too .
 This music annoys me . When I hear it I want to give it a good shaking . Those chugging guitar cliches , those renta climaxes , those sensitive words and pursed mouthed strangled deliveries all speak to me of the plague of Coldplay . Enough .
 I 'm disappointed in this album . It actually got to be annoying listening to the same hooks and lyrics over and over again . I do n't recommend it at all .
 I though this would be a nice CD but the only song I liked is Chasing Cars .
 I wish I could give this music no stars . Its sucks so bad . This is so draining . It takes something out of me to hear this music . The only song i half like by them is chasing cars .
 This is the most bland , uninteresting tripe released this year . Does Snow Patrol have anything to write about , anything at all , that does n't have to do with love ? Snow Patrol seems intent on playing the biggest possible stadiums out there . There is no other excuse for this claptrap .
 I like the music the the Snow Patrol , the only problem is that I have n't received it . I ordered other items at the same time I received them in a timely matter . At this moment I have n't receive the Snow Patrol
 Final Straw got to me , and hung on by a thread . The melodies began unassumingly , with the the honest `` How To Be Dead '' . Each of these songs quietly built up to grand pop melodies - even if they did n't seem grand on first listen . I 'm not exactly sure why , but Final Straw was one of my favorite albums of 2004 ... All in all , I appreciated their last album for reasons unknown to me.I have known about this release for a few weeks , and anticipated it - mildy , albeit . I was underwhelmed by their single on myspace , Hands Open . Having now listened to it in the context of the album , I think it is even one of the weaker tracks . Unfortunately , it fits in well with many of the songs on this album . On Final Straw , the songs were unassuming and yet managed to be catchy . On `` Eyes Open '' the songs are louder and faster . They seem to have made a distinct effort at crafting catchy pop/rock in this album , and their attempts fall flat . Trying too hard?There are a few positives to `` Eyes Open '' , including the lush track `` Chasing Cars '' , and Gary Lightboy 's consistently pleasant vocals . Sorry , I ca n't add much to this category.The simple truth of the lyrics on Final straw are replaced by seemingly cliche ones , which offer nothing meaningful to relate to ... at least not anything you have n't heard before . Backing the relatively hollow lyrics is instrumentation failing to offer one especially interesting hook or memorable riff . The overall sound reminds me of some generic Christian Rock bands -LRB- I think if you have any experience in the genre , you will understand - the good bands are far and few between -RRB- . If you do n't want to take my advice , you might be better off taking this album sans comparisons . It is inoffensive enough to play in a car stereo , or at home with your parents . Yet , my main question would be for all of the five-star reviewers . Is this album really an extraordinary composition , of the highest calibre ? I would confidently say that `` Polar Bears '' and `` Final Straw '' were better albums , and even these are n't exactly timeless masterpieces . So please , go test this album out . If you hear some life-changing music , then we 're not listening to the same thing.Rating
 When I saw on Napster that Snow Patrol had a new release , I sat in front of the computer for an hour . Final Straw has to be one of the most perfect albums ever released , but this does n't even sound like the same band -LRB- much less the same singer -RRB- . Talk about generic , the opener `` You 're all I have '' is so standard , with obvious lyrics and and the same 3 chords , you 'd think 13 year olds would have written it in their garage . Nothing grabs you on this disc , and when it does , something goes horribly wrong . On `` Shut your eyes '' the spare guitar line reels you in , and the lyrics are intensely intimate ; an entreaty only to you , the listener . Then the entire chorus of 20 people -LRB- not professional singers -RRB- enters the scene and ruins the mood . The rest is bland , bland , bland . `` It 's beginning to get to me '' is a bright spot , though , but not enough to save this repetitive non-effort .
 I know that this may be the the fault of the shippers , but the case that the CD came in had a significant crack in it . The actual CD itself was n't damaged , but it is still disappointing .
 I do n't mind this album . It 's got some PRETTY good songs , but it does n't compare to Final Straw in the least.Final Straw just transported me to another musical plateau . I guess you could call it a concept album in a way . It did tell a story about a relationship from start to finish & it was BRILIANT . The whole thing was just a rollercoaster ride of emotions & feelings.Eyes open just sounds to me like the same old stuff you hear from other bands . I find little originality in it . Lightbody even sounds like he 's bored while he 's singing these songs.Very disappointing . It 's beginning to seem to me like they took the commercial route maybe due to management 's advice , to gain more exposure than `` Final Straw '' did with the typical results . The new album did gain wider exposure & sales , but it 's ORDINARY . C'mon guys , you can do so much better .
 Well , I will keep this brief . I usually would not write one of these , but I feel like I may be able to help someone out . If you loved Final Straw , chances are you will be shocked how this album is NOTHING like that one . I was highly anticipating this new album , ran out to get it on the 9th ... after trying to see the bright spots in the album for some time , I have to say there really are n't any . The whole thing is bland . Where are all the great lyrics and sounds I know they can create ? Here 's hoping they get it right on the next album .
 I love Snow Patrol , I really do . Final Straw is a great album and it made me go out and buy their older stuff -LRB- that I could find -RRB- . I even saw them last year at Coachella and was really impressed by their live show.But this album is really disappointing.It 's really produced , to the point where it seems like the question when recording it was `` how do we make this song appeal to the most people ? '' There 's an edginess that 's lost on this album . To that end , it does n't feel as sincere , either.The vocals are probably the easiest to point to , as what once sounded like heartfelt indie rock now seems like light rock crooning.I had high hopes for Snow Patrol -- and for this album -- but those hopes were n't realized .
 Seen it all before . Honest , musically excellent , heart-on-sleeve band toils under the radar for years , finally hits paydirt , goes mainstream , production-happy , and loses its soul . For me , this is like the denouement of Supertramp in the early 80 's , with similarities . Supertramp finally hit paydirt with the slick `` Breakfast in America '' , but the band 's co-founders could n't agree on direction after that . A final album followed , far inferior to the epic , and the band splintered.Now for Snow Patrol we have the aftermath of the brilliant Final Straw ... Lightbody sacks original member bassist McClelland , throws himself into producer Jacknife 's camp , and comes out with the formulaic Eyes Open . It is a cd devoid of soul . Where Final Straw had a dozen excellent tunes , Eyes Open has but two that interest me
 The concert was great . The audio well done . The viewing was like being on a merry go round . The director never held a shot more than a few seconds . It gave me a headache . I ended up re recording it onto an audio disk to listening to it . Mr. Petty please do another DVD concert , but change the director . I enjoyed the concert , but couuld n't handle the constant video cuts .
 There is absolute no bass in the sound mix ! I pumped up my sub woofer to try to compensate , but the bass drum got too loud . I moved the low pass filter towards 250 Hz , but that did n't really help . Hey , if you play bass and you want to JAM with Tom , this this is your video because you can plug into your amp and jump right in . I 'm not bashing the performance , just the sound engineer 's mix .
 I like Tom Petty but this DVD is bad . I have an HDTV set , but the DVD is formated with the black bars on the top & bottom . Why ??? It makes it look like your viewing the concert through a slit . Poor editing too . Fast moving close ups reck the concert feel . The audio is bad also . I have a 7.1 surround sound setup and this audio just sounds bad . Save your money . Do n't buy this . There is a reason why it 's cheap ...
 I 'm interested to buy this DVD . But before I do , I 'd like to know the Audio Encoding -LRB- is this DD 5.1 or DTS ? -RRB- and the complete track/chapter listing.Thank you , aranleaf
 Not what I expected after seeing them perform live in 2005 . Boring , on stage performance on this disc . Do n't buy this one .
 I JUST FINISHED VIEWING THIS DVD . SEVERAL THINGS COME TO MIND . FIRST , OVER HALF OF THE CAMERA SHOTS , IN THIS DVD , START AS `` OUT OF FOCUS '' THEN FADE INTO FOCUS SLIGHTLY . THE CAMERAS JUMP AROUND AS IF THE EDITOR HAD JUST DRANK ABOUT 50 CUPS OF COFFEE BEFOR ENTERING THE EDIT ROOM.I DO N'T THINK THERE IS 1 CAMERA SHOT THATS STAYS ON THE SUBJECT FOR MORE THAN 5 SECONDS . VERY HARD TO WATCH . SECONDLY , THERE ARE A LOT OF FILL SHOTS . EVERYTHING FROM THE BASS PLAYERS BOOTS TO THE BACKS OF PEOPLE OUT OF FOCUS AND TOTALLY OUT OF FOCUS SHOTS OF WHAT I DO N'T KNOW . I 'M SURPRISED TOM PETTY SIGNED OFF ON THIS PROJECT AS BAD AS IT IS.TOM AND THE BAND PLAYED THEIR COLLECTIVE BUTTS OFF ONLY TO BE RUINED BY BAD , BAD , EDITING !
 I 'll make this quick ... Remember the `` Pack Up The Plantation '' tape from the mid-80 's ? Great show . Amazing energy from the band , excellent setlist , and TP in his prime . Plus it was energetically directed , with great shots of all the band members , back up singers , etc. . . One of the best concert videos ever . Compared to that , and many other live concerts on the market , this one is a drag . Overall it 's a lackluster performance , the camerawork , editing , and overall pace of the production is sluggish . The greatest insult is the cutaways of individual bandmembers that are not even in sync with the soundtrack . Tht tells me that this show was undershot , and consequently over edited . Essentially sucking the life out of what was probably a good show in person , but feels amd looks tepid on DVD . One highlight
 John was quite ill when he made this record , and it shows . There 's no inspiration , and no syncopation . Everything is tired , flat , listless , dull . You 'll never find a more apt title on anyone 's album than `` Minutes Seem Like Hours , the Hours Seem Like Days '' . So this is for completists only . As the album title itself says `` I Remember ` Blind Joe Death ' '' - now THAT was a great album !
 Fahey explained this disaster by saying that he had a virus when it was recorded and during the playback . It 's a very poor album , full of bum notes and uninspiring playing . There 's plenty of potentially good material , but it 's really an object lesson against recording things when you 're ill . His producer should have called on him to re-record it when he was better . It 's too late now , of course .
 Just A note for the somewhat misguied US reviewer . While this album -LRB- CD these days -RRB- was released after Rainbow ` Rising ' , it came from the tour for the ` Rising ' LP . It was definately prior to the release of ` Long Live Rock 'n' Roll ' . The LP was originally to be a Japan only release , but bootleggers had already started taping all of the shows on the '76 Tour . It was released worldwide in an effort to `` Beat the boots '' . Other boots of this tour have mostly the same track listing as ` On Stage ' , but occasionally have more or less ` Rising ' tracks on them , depending on which leg of the tour they were on . You also must remember that these years were also the `` jam-happy '' years at concerts . Deep Purple songs were also kept in for fans of that Blackmore era of Purple . If you want a far more representative album of the tour try `` Live In Germany ' 76 '' , which I tend to enjoy better than this LP -LRB- CD -RRB- ... and they probably were smoking something !
 I find it interesting that in all of these starstruck reviews no one raises an obvious question
 Rainbow 's ` On Stage ' is to me one of the weakest live alnums I 've ever heard , especially cosidering it comes from the era when great live albums were plentiful . First off the mixing is dreadful ; Blackmore 's guitar is drowned out by the keyboards throughout . It also suffers from the same problem as Deep Purple 's equally boring ` Made In Japan ' , possibly one of the most overrated live albums ever , in that the long extended versions of the tunes just meander , not going anywhere . If you want the line-up with Dio , stick with the superior studio albums . I think the were much better and more concise with Graham Bonnet and Joe Lynn Turner . This one 's for completists only .
 I have purchased all the Deluxe Editions so far . I want the series to continue , but this `` On Stage '' is probably the weakest of the bunch so far . -LRB- Followed by Long Live Rock N Roll . -RRB- There are errors with the songs , -LRB- Duplicate material -RRB- there are problems in the performances -LRB- Blackmore 's delay was n't working during the first solo on `` Catch the Rainbow '' or something strange was happening . It sounds like he just stops and starts a few times and it is very odd . As for the remastering the sound is `` ok '' but it is no revalation . I think the remastering helps the drums more than anything else . It is very hard to reccomend this at close to $ 30 . I would say it is for the completists only . Someone dropped the ball in checking the final product as there is duplicate material and erroneous source dates listed . It 's just not worth the high price tag . The import live CD 's from the German tour are the way to go for your live Rainbow fix . So far my favorite Deluxe Edition is `` Down to Earth '' followed by `` Rising . '' What a shame they ca n't find the multis for `` Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow '' as that is my favorite album from Rainbow .
 There are two versions of this album for sale on Amazon . The one that says it 's a 2009 release is a CD-R , not a CD . It will not last as long , and will not play in all CD players . Just so you know .
 I 'm a huge Pentangle fan . Huge . Went for about a decade listening to Pentangle anywhere from every day to once a week . I love every member of the group and have many solo albums and other projects done by Renbourn , Jansch , McShee , and Thompson on either CD or LP or both -LRB- why have n't I ever noticed side work by Terry Cox ? I now wonder -RRB- . I bought this album back in the late 80s , knowing that anything by Pentangle was going to be good to great , with odds favoring great . Could n't STAND this one -- with electric bass and electric keyboards -LRB- not things I usually avoid , but just wrong for the Pentangle sound -RRB- , no Renbourn and no Thompson . It was a long time ago , but I found it to be unlistenable . I either gave it to someone I knew would n't listen to it , or I threw it away . Years later , I saw one of its songs on amazon as a free download , thought , `` it could n't really be that bad , could it ? Maybe this is even the best song on the album and I could make up for the fact that I lack this CD for free with the one cut . '' And it was god-awful . So , do n't take my word for it -- if you have every other Pentangle album , then , hey -- do n't let me stop you . It 's just money and a little bit of your time .
 Even though this sounds like a retarded wolverine having oral sex with an epeleptic cocaine addict , do n't judge napalm based on this monstrosity , they got a lot better afterwards , listen to harmony corruption or utopia banished or death by manipulation , waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better !
 Glad to see I 'm not the only one not smitten by this `` masterpiece . '' Sure , Napalm Death 's debut Scum is historically important , widely known as the origin of grindcore and all that -LRB- not to mention the launchpad for Godflesh and Carcass -RRB- ; but musically it 's really not too great.Maybe it 's because the genre that Napalm Death spawned never caught on with me . Grindcore , in theory , should be awesome -- more brutal than death metal with less theatricality , minus the cheese that plagues -LRB- most -RRB- black metal , and faster than both hardcore punk and thrash , all the elements for badassery are in place . However , in reality grind sucks -- most players in the genre are sonically indistinguishable from each other , there 's very little in the way of musical innovation , and all is sacrificed for sheer speed . The only grind bands that I enjoy are those that have expanded outside the genre 's limits such as Discordance Axis , Cephalic Carnage , and Pig Destroyer . I also like `` noisecore '' bands like Dillinger Escape Plan which are obviously influenced by grind but take the sound in a more technical direction.Make no mistake -- Scum IS fast , and brutal , with constant blasting rhythms and short song lengths -LRB- no longer than 2 minutes -RRB- that lay in stone the grind sound . It makes Reign In Blood almost sound like Fleetwood Mac by comparison . But that 's really all it has going for it . The songs generally bleed together into a samey-sounding mess -LRB- made even worse by the grainy production -RRB- . Though most of the band is talented -LRB- proved by later bands and projects in the case of Justin Broadrick and Bill Steer -RRB- , their performances here are somewhat amateurish and out-of-time . Riffs are your basic punk 3-chord jobs , just accelerated to light speed . The bass is nonexistent.The greatest problem with this album , and what makes it really hard on the ears , is vocalist Lee Dorian whom I simply can not stand . While the lyrics are good , taking on social and political issues in the vein of Crass and D.R.I. and ignoring the retarded Satanism of Slayer and Morbid Angel , Dorian 's horny rhino delivery makes them absolutely indescipherable . His replacement , Barney Greenway , was miles better.Don ' t get me wrong -- I do n't hate Napalm Death . In fact , their later album Harmony Corruption , which combined their signature sound with actual songwriting , tighter playing , and the aforementioned Greenway , is much , much better . Classic even . However , unless ridiculous speed is all-important to you , I 'd avoid Napalm Death 's first two albums .
 This is singlehandely the worst album I have ever heard . I 've heard a lot of noise rock , noise metal , and just plain noise music , whether it 's Wolf Eyes 's Slicer , Godflesh 's Streetcleaner , and Lightning Bolt 's Ride The Skies . I was interested in hearing more from the noise metal spectrum , and someone reccomended me Napalm Death 's first album , Scum . I was reluctant at first , because I heard their stuff from the 90 's and it sucked , but then I found out that this is a completely different lineup . And I also found out that Justin Broadrick of Godflesh/Jesu was in the band at this time . I am a big fan of Jesu and just recently getting into Godflesh , so I gave it a shot and downloaded a few songs.And it still sucks . Go figure.I mean , can these guys even play together ? And what the hell is with the vocals ? I read the lyrics to `` You Suffer '' and it 's simply `` You suffer , but why ? '' But is sounds like `` DSLJF : LSJFLSKJFSLKHFKLJSHFLSK ! '' Lee Dorian is single handely the worst factor of the group . He really makes me hate this album.I 'll admit , the slow or medium-paced riffs were good and heavy , but then , of course , they go into 180-mile mode , and Lee 's grunting comes in . This is terrible stuff . As far as grindcore goes , it 's an overrated genre that is just a bunch of big guys trying to prove how tough they are.Don ' t bother with this . If you 're looking for aggresiveness , try Godflesh 's Hymns .
 I bought this `` cd '' off of a friend of mine for a nickel.He had bought it thinking it was going to be a great metal CD and ended up shaking his head in confusion and disgust.I , on the other hand , fell on the floor laughing the first time I heard it.Now keep in mind that I 'm a huge metal head and like metal as extreme as Cryptopsy , Nile , and Quo Vadis but this Napalm Death CD had me in stitches.Basically , every song starts out with about 30 seconds of them trying their hardest to play a basic mid tempo metal riff before they then go off into blast beat hell.I let my drummer in my current band hear this CD and he literally fell off his drum stool he was laughing so hard.I guess in terms of unintentional comedy , this CD is one of the best.Now I realize that Napalm Death have gotten better as time has gone on , but this CD is a complete joke and I really ca n't understand how anybody can give this a serious positive review.The production is terrible and the singer sounds like he 's severely constipated and has n't taken a dump in eons and now he 's angry about it.The bass sounds like a low register buzz saw and the drummer really needs to practice with a metronome and learn some basic drum etiquette.rated 1 star as far as serious metal goes but I would rate it 5 stars if you 're wanting a good laugh and hear something truly funny in a most unintentional way .
 As usual , I want to put this record into context : Since its origin in the mid 70s , punk rock always had a reputation for having more beats per minute than any other form of rock . Bands like Black Flag in the US and Discharge in the UK were two of the first punk bands to put heavy emphasis on speed , transforming punk into hardcore . From then on , there was always some young new band trying to play faster than anyone else.In the mid 1980s , fast music was my life . I was always on the lookout for the fastest music in existence . After Black Flag and Discharge , there came MDC , Die Kreuzen , DRI , Corrosion of Conformity , Slayer , and so on . In 1987 , it was only natural that Napalm Death 's Scum turned up in my quests . There was a sticker on the front of the LP that said something like `` THE FASTEST BAND EVER , PERIOD . '' Right up my alley , I bought it on the spot . I do n't think I could have been more disappointed . Yes , it was the fastest music I 'd ever heard up to that point . But it was sloppy . It was performed poorly . At the time I remember thinking `` I guess there 's such as thing as ` too fast ' after all . '' It was recorded poorly . The band had cheap equipment , or at least it sounded cheap . Being a fan of punk and hardcore , I can appreciate the efforts of amature musicians . But there has to be something there . There has to be a sign of even the tiniest kernel of talent or a germ of genius buried under all the slop . In this record , there was nothing but speed for the sake of speed with no apparent attempt to put any effort into any other aspects of the songs.Usually when I start a review like that , it ends with `` But I later came to appreciate the record , and now it 's one of my all time favorites . '' Not this time . I 've never liked Scum and I never will . This record caused me to have an aversion to Napalm Death and grindcore in general for years . Napalm Death later became quite popular , which left me baffled . Eventually I finally gave their second album -LRB- From Enslavement to Obliteration -RRB- a listen , and was stupified by how great it was . They had an almost entirely different line up than the first album ; I think drummer Mick Harris was the only surviving member from Scum , but thankfully he 'd become a much tighter and more precise performer . The new guitarist * and bassist were also much more skilled . -LRB- * I think side one of Scum had Justin Broadrick on guitar , while side two had someone else . My memory is hazy , but I think it was Bill Steer , who was also on the second album . Broadrick went on to form Godflesh , and Steer later formed Carcass . -RRB- The point I really want to make here is this
 I am a huge Napalm Death fan but this album is awful.The sound quality and production is the worst that I 've ever heard.Plus the vocals are terrible and the playing is sloppy.Pick up Harmony Corruption , Enemy of the Music Business , or Order of the Leech instead of this album.Those three are all very `` violent '' Grindcore Metal .
 When i ordered `` Scum '' i expected well plyed grinding riffs and very brutal drumming like cannibal corpse or exhumed ... but apparently the inventors of grind are n't nearly as good as the immitators . The main problem w / this album is the horrible drumming drowning out everything else . There are other major flaws
 If anyone is telling you this is a good album , do n't listen to him . The music on this album is almost entirely monotonous `` blast beats '' . There is no point to listening to this , nor was there any point in Napalm Death in ever creating this .
 Who can listen this `` music '' ??? Listen
 i could n't help but notice all the dismay displayed in the reviews below about ` an angle ' ripping off conor oberst -LRB- bright eyes -RRB- . i 'd just like to point out that conor originally ripped off a lesser known , less poster boy type , called DAVID DONDERO . he is an extraordinary & original talent who conor was -LRB- and probably still is -RRB- a big fan of . without conor 's indie boy looks & style , david holds less potential for mass marketing , which is why he has n't had conor 's success . you should check him out , and remember he was doing his thing way before conor bounced on to the scene & was given credit for his originality & genius .
 You know when an amazing underground genre and its scene gets some attention ? and then a few great bands are thrust into the spotlight ? And then of course afterwards the hordes of cheap imitators come and ruin it . It happened with glam , grunge , and screamo among others , this band is a perfect example of this problem and the only way to solve it and save the genre is to stay as far away from this wanabe Sh ** t as possible . Seriously the bulk of the people who listen to this loser only do because they want to have a laugh at how much he sounds like Bright Eyes , do n't buy into this crap if you want funny music buy music that is made to be funny not this pathetic rip off .
 First of all , this album mirrors Bright Eyes in so many ways , it 's almost ridiculous . He sings about photographs , NBC , drinking . Bright Eyes song Old Soul Song is all about developing a photograph . Let 's Not Sh ** Ourselves has Conor yelling about NBC , ABC , and CBS -LRB- two of which An Angle has in Change The World -RRB- and Bright Eyes sings about drinking in about 1/4 of his songs . Also , Kris has mastered the Bright Eyes singing style . This is not a negative thing , it 's just very similar.But as for the album itself , minding the bright eyes comparision , it is about 3 miles away from a masterpiece . That being said , at least it 's on the road to a masterpiece , albeit far far away . Songs like True Love and A Way With Words are fantastic and shine on the album . Songs like White Horses and Green Water have an strong energy and really keep you interested in what else Kris has to offer . But too many songs just leave the listener bored and asking `` when is he going to stop singing about getting drunk ? '' Songs like Born in a Bottle and Angry Drunk are pretentiously long and lyrically boring . Going back to Bright Eyes , the only reason that songs like The Big Picture work is because the lyrics are so brilliant . Kris does n't have this lyrical ability yet.However , I am excited about the future of An Angle . I think in the next coming years if Kris can mature a little , both musically and lyrically , he 'll make an album that 's brilliant . An album like Bright Eyes ' `` I 'm Wide Awake It 's Morning '' -LRB- which I believe is his best -RRB- . Maybe he should just lay off the drinking .
 Everything about this band and this album is a rip off of Conor Oberst and Bright Eyes . The lead singer of An Angle tries to recreate Bright Eyes ' music , replicated Conor 's voice , his type of music , instrumentals , everything . Even the whole alcohol aspect is taken from Oberst . It 's ridiculous . The only reason i listened to this band in the first place was because I read reviews about how similar it was to Bright Eyes . So , if you want a low quality attempted replication of Bright Eyes , listen to the band ... but i suggest you save your time and just dont .
 So alright , some hack like me telling you this album sucks is n't gon na prove it right ? Well go just about anywhere on the net , -LRB- punknews.org for example -RRB- , find user comments about An Angle and you will see too that everyone agrees this band sucks pretty bad . I was unfortunate enough to see their live show and I must say it is worse than the record . Everyone that plays in the band seems to be acting way cooler than they really are . Bright Eyes rip off ? Hell Yes ! But even with that aside , this is really just pretentious crap , I mean ... hell ! Look at the record cover , you can tell they think they 're way too cool ! Do n't waste your money kiddos ! This cd is good for target practice , if you want to buy some funny music , go get a Wesley Willis or even a damn Weird Al CD or something!Ryan
 it is beyond me that a record label would put this out . it 's so embarassing how bad he rips bright eyes from song structure , subject the production and even the cover art looks just like fevers and mirrors .
 lem me start of by saying i was reeally dissapointed with this documentary . having fast forwarded practically all of the video because of the bore . only good reason to own this dvd is because of some unreleased art work from the band AND the music videos that is in it `` sexy boy '' , `` kelly watch the stars '' , `` all i need '' , and `` le soleil est pres de moi '' . the music videos are really entertaining to watch . Fav . video `` all i need '' . besides that the documentary really bites . everytime the band would be in an interview all u ever got to hear was the reporters questions and thats it , the video would cut off to another scene as soon as the french duo would open their mouths , questions that i was really interested in knowing the answers . besides that theres that annoying camera thats always panning left to right in practically every scene -LRB- it goes so far to the left and right that u see the walls 75 percent of the time and of the band 25 -RRB- you get practically no info on the the band , and when it was over i was still in the same place as when i put the dvd in . i absolutely love AIR but this documentary doesnt do it justice . Good only for the videos and art work .
 This video 's pretty old but I thought I 'd contribute a review of it anyway ... Being a big fan of Air 's music and videos , I was really looking forward to something special with this video but it really is the most boring bag of rubbish I 've ever payed money for.It 's so disappointing.All it seems to be about is the Air boys dossing around with their mates `` Phoenix '' and Beck 's backing band ... It 's such a ridiculous idea to just simply release this `` documentary '' when they really should have made it as a supplement to the full concert . ... In terms of music , all we are `` treated '' to are some short clips of them performing live but not enough to make it interesting ... But it does have two redeeming features which is possibly worth the price of buying the video
 And boy am I bitter . Were the makers of this documentary trying to make some profound statement about the differences between America and Europe ? How long does it stay entertaining to know that most people have n't heard of Air ? Could they not have injected the band members with drugs -LRB- stimulants , preferably -RRB- and given us something more interesting to watch than each of them staring blankly , in turn , into the camera for thirty seconds ? Could they not PRETEND to have some entertaining quirks or know some interesting stories ? Since Air is largely souped up easy listening , could n't they have played some music in the background more than just one song at the beginning ? All right , I 'll admit , the scene where they walked through the hotel , knocked on their door , and walked inside was riveting -LSB- sic -RSB- , but it did n't add to the `` continuity '' . My fellow viewers -LRB- owners of the tape -RRB- decided to rewind before the credits finished , and I am left with the feeling of having squandered much more than an hour . This failed even from the `` get to know more about them '' angle ; it revealed squat , and one could have read everything ever printed about them in the span of this ploy .
 This is not an exciting video to watch - quite the contrary
 Me being a die hard AIR fanatic I decided to purchase this documentary despite the bad ratings . I did n't learn anything about AIR on neither a musical nor personal level . This is probably the worst documentary I have ever seen . Terribly disappointing .
 This is by far the worst band `` documentary '' I 've ever seen , and I 've seen many . A documentary covering a band on tour could be A -RRB- amusing , B -RRB- informative , C -RRB- silly , D -RRB- wild and crazy , or any combination of the above . What it should n't be is frightfully dull . Granted , Air is not a rock band and throwing furniture out the hotel room window is not something you 're going to see , but there 's so much standing around watching air waiting . The title does not lie
 I purchased this DVD with high expectations of seeing the band perfoming Moon Safari live . While there is some footage of the live performance , its no where near what you 'd expect . The title is correct , this is more of a documentary than about the band playing music . A little of the documentary style would have been fine , but when the entire DVD is full of people talking about how great the band is and , well , it just gets old . Like others , I would have much preferred to see the band performing live and less of the filler . I wanted to see how they were going to create the vocals , and what types of instruments they used.The music videos on the DVD are the only reason I keep it . I prefer the remix of Kelly Watch the Stars on the DVD , its a bit different from the version on Moon Safari .
 When I popped in Good Enough on my cd player I was almost put to sleep by Utah Phillips slow and dull poetry and songs . The poetry is just about some crazy stuff about him fishing on a slow river full of fish . BORING ! You know when I want a music cd I want bumping songs , not slow poetry . People who like Utah here is some advice
 I love the roots . i dont listen to rap that much but i find them to be a very ecletic and organic rap group in a world today full of rap stars only in it for the money and girls . but this album , which is almost like a greatest hits collection live - there is a reason why most rap artists never put out live albums . the sound quality just isnt there . i love things fall apart , but the version live of the next movement sounds hardly anything like the album version . the quality isnt that great . im sure its alot different if you see them live in concert - im sure its spectacular . but just rap in general - it just doesnt sound as good live .
 THE MEMPHIS RECORD represents probably the best recording sessions of Elvis 's career , from American Studio in Memphis in 1969 , so the music here is a terrific blend of blues , rock , country , and gospel styles . BUT , this CD is a HORRIBLE re-mix of these songs !! Many times certain instrumentals or backup singers are unwisely given much more or less prominence than on the original LPs , giving those songs a much different sound than originally intended , and in many cases making it hard to hear Elvis at all . In probably the worst case of sacrilege , Elvis recorded `` True Love Travels On a Gravel Road '' as a partial duet with Charlie Hodge -LRB- ? -RRB- , yet on this CD Hodge is completely eliminated , with the result that some lines are hard to hear . Making matters worse , the overall sound quality of this CD is harsh and tinny.I do think the cover of the CD is clever , made to look like a newspaper from 1969 , and there 's a wonderful essay in the booklet about these sessions that was written by Elvis biographer Peter Guralnick . Unfortunately , the same care was not lavished on the recordings themselves , so as another reviewer said , get this great material elsewhere . Instead of this travesty , get the CDsFrom Elvis in Memphis , orThe Memphis 1969 Anthology
 I own one of the old `` From Elvis in Memphis '' CDs with fairly poor audio quality , and purchased this CD as an upgrade . This CD is a travesty . Everything is remixed , and while the technical audio quality far outclasses my old CD , it also strips away horn sections , bass lines , and more importantly , all the power and emotion from the original . While my lousy old CD version would accompany me to the desert island , this CD would be the first thing I 'd toss overboard if my boat was sinking . You owe yourself this material , but get it elsewhere .
 The 90s ended just a mere 6 yrs ago ... and for sure there 's still dust settling ... leave it alone and try again anytime after 2010
 I sort of suckered myself into buying this setonly to have greatly regretted it upon receiving.You see , I am a collector of music . I have thousandsof CDs in my music library . My biggest passion concernsthe collection of compilation CDs dedicated to a particulardecade.Rhino has always been known to put out some of the bestcompilations available on the market.Upon receiving this 90s boxed set , I was absolutelydumbfounded by how much crap was included in this set.While each of us have different music tastes , it is quiteobvious that this is certainly not an accurate depictionof the 90s decade.What this looks like instead is a few choice hits thatmake up 10 % of the set , and 90 % second-tier music thatwas probably the only thing available that Rhino was ableto obtain licenses to carry.I would not reccomend this set to anyone .
 You know the old saying `` If you remember the 60 's , you probably were n't there '' ? I do n't remember the 60 's and I was n't there . I do however remember the 90 's very well , but for the life of me , do n't remember the majority of the tunes found in this box set.I loved the `` Have a Nice Decade '' 1970 's box set , and the `` Omigod '' 80 's box set . They really brought back some great memories , and introduced me to some new music I missed the first time . I expected more of the same with the 90 's , but was horribly disappointed.This is n't a `` greatest hits '' box , actually you could boil all of the hits down to 1 CD with what is presented here . You may recognize several bands found here , but rest assured you wo n't be hearing any of their major tunes , usually the B-side ... if your lucky . For the most part the music that is not considered a Billboard hit is utterly forgettable , usually falling into three catagories :1 . Screechy-nails-on-the-blackboard female vocalist accompanied by punk band2 . Tired sounding Prozac addict barely awake for recording session .3 . Rap and Hip Hop `` sampling '' 1970 's tunes and adding new lyrics.The screechy sound wears real thin , real quick!The tired sounding Prozac guy sound can work for some bands/songs ... but after 3 disks of steady listening , you want to jump off a building.Rap ... seriously , can someone please tell me how the songs presented here by Busta Rhymes and Ice-T fall into what anyone would call `` music '' ?? I felt as if I were being punished and yelled at when any of these songs popped on . I do n't think the audience for a Busta Rhymes tune is dropping any cash for this box set , so why include it?I tried to convince my wife that the 90 's were n't a bad decade musically before ordering this box set . After listening to this box , I 'm almost inclined to agree with her . But , I remember so many great songs and artists from the decade , most of which are n't included here , that I still hold out some hope for a great 90 's compilation . Save yourself the $ $ $ $ and just order some Billboard Greatest Hits , or NOW That 's What I Call Music disks instead .
 The music on this CD was excellent -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , but the packaging concept is the absolute worst in the history of music -LRB- 0 stars -RRB- - the cover is a clear baggie of moldy coffee beans that smell like something died and was left laying in the sun . It permeates the entire CD and will the smell will take over the rest of your CDs . I do n't know Rhino was thinking this time , but it did n't work . I wish they would have come out with alternative packaging . I 'm trying to decide if it is bad enough to return the CD .
 Planned a road trip just for the purpose of listening to this box set ... just as I had done for the great 70s and 80s Rhino boxes . I can not believe how bad this is - particularly how unrepresentative of the decade it is . PLEASE Rhino - try again .
 I can see and agree with some of the critical reviews of a box set like this . For someone who was n't into music during this decade or never purchase many CD 's , I 'd imagine it 'd be a very welcome addition.I own the 70 's pop culture box set , and while I 'm a child of the 70 's , I was n't into 70 's music in the 70 's . The 60 's were a tough decade to follow . ; -RRB- I really enjoy that box set as opposed to this one.The trouble I have with this is the lack of direction . You have 7 discs ! That is plenty to give a decent gist of the era . Unfortunately , the discs are completely random , as opposed to placing a theme on each disc . As some have mentioned , there are a lot of good choices here , both mainstream and a some more obscure titles . It 's the omissions that stand out . From the grunge , rock , alternative genres , it 's really a weak selection . No Radiohead , Stone Temple Pilots , Nirvana , Beck ?? They did n't spend the time deciding which were important songs to the decade . It 's basically just a collection of songs from it.Had the arranged them by genre , it would 've promoted a more focused selection .
 Call me crazy , which many of you will , but is this compilation really indicitive of the 90 's ? Where 's the angst ?? Yes , there are many obscure songs on this set . And yes , it 's great they they found non-mainstream music to include . However , when attempting to encapsilate an entire decade , should n't you also include mostly popular music , showing the trends and forms of the decades?While some of the bigger artists were included -LRB- like M.C. Hammer and Oasis -RRB- what happened to the surprise artists like Alanis , No Doubt and Whitney Houston?Overall , I think this set was a big waste of time . I spent most of my years in High School as a music freak , and the years before and after that I collected , listened and studied all genres.Perhaps I should just release my Ipod playlists , with better 90 's collections , and more thoughtfullness involved ?
 Well , although my opinions and assumptions are always inaccurate , I thought I 'd comment on what I 've heard thus far of the 7-CD WHATEVER ; 90 'S POP CULTURE BOX , which still has me reeling from the overpowering aroma of coffee beans strewn all over its strange front cover !! Actually , the only comment I could make here is , well , what happened to Rhino 's sense of humor ? When they looked at the 1970 's , their collective tongues were jammed so far into their cheeks that , well , I bought it just because the track list of the first two or three disks was thoroughly laughable , emphasized further by the advertising line on the sticker for the shag carpeted cover , stating something like `` the decade that just wo n't go away ! '' Even moments of the ' 80 's box had me snickering!But , I have to again boldly restate my original assumption that those doing the compiling here were too emotionally attached to the decade to step back and find those sometimes embarrassing one hit wonders and include 'em hereon . Instead , we have disks full of material that definitely powered the playlists of alterna-rock stations and , now , will keep such stations going , powered on mere nostalgia . Instead of having fun with the output of the decade , it seemed as if Rhino 's people just could n't step on any toes at all ... or maybe they were so charged with the aroma of those coffee beans ! Wow , that smell was embedded in my nostrils all night long , and yesterday was an extremely hot ` n , so you could imagine my reaction as I peeled back the shrink-wrap !! Yet , when you think of big chart yuks of the decade , you certainly do n't think of Michael Penn , Ani DiFranco , They Might Be Giants or even Sinead O'Connor covering Prince , no matter what you think of her politics !! And where oh where are all the real `` pop culture '' references ? Did someone just think that the theme from `` FRIENDS '' was enough ? What happened to `` THE SIMPSONS '' , `` BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER '' and so many other bits of media ? I buy these expansive , expensive things so that I could have that treasury that tells me much about the decade , like VH1 's smartass wrap-ups of decades past . Oh , I do recall that , during that decade , there seemed at times to be such a cause-consciousness and need to `` understand '' each other upon coming out of the excesses of the Me decade ; so I get the hint of a more serious approach to this set , but the Me of the ' 80 's did indeed continue and we got some songs on the pop charts that were the complete opposites of what is included on these disks !! If the ' 70 's box , for example , was compiled with these sensibilities , we would have instead gotten seven disks that included songs that were played on the more inventive sides of radio , including how rock slowly morphed into prog , then punk and post-punk as the ' 70 's closed . But , as I 've said , that was not the aim of that collection and paying homage to the ' 90 's should * NOT * have been the goal of this box either !! Oh , and forgive my cluelessness , but what * WAS * the pungent coffee-flavored jacket supposed to represent ? I heard snickers from the J&R ; Music World staff as I brought the set up to the checkout , and I felt the cover and just returned a weak snicker or two , but wow , I finally understand now * WHY * they were laughing !! It 's a shame , therefore , that the ' 70 's box did n't have an incense-scented cover instead of the matted shag smiley face design !! I 'm pondering how long it will take before the crystals or actual coffee beans lose their scent entirely . Maybe this is a rare instance where I should have waited until the original cover was phased out !! Caffeine addicts take note !
 im usually a big fan of the 80s music -LRB- thats when MTV used to play videos -RRB- the 90s decade was musically ruined by garage bands that couldnt sing for **** . quite to the contrary , the 90s had some decent songs ... . its just not featured on this box set -LRB- whatever -RRB-
 From January 1 , 1990 through December 31 , 1999 My radios were blaring both pop and college stations 24/7 while I subscribed yearly to Rolling Stone and SPIN . I also spent most of my free time and money at the local Indie CD shop collecting well over 300 discs of the decade 's most interesting and enjoyable music.All of this to say folks ... I have NEVER ! even heard of over a third of the songs in this so-called collection . Instead of a fun filled trip down `` Memory Lane '' , RHINO has instead sent me spiraling into a `` Land of Confusion '' ... I did n't recognize a lot of the titles on the back of the box but hoped that once the set started playing they would quickly ring a bell or two ... No such luck ... Discs 1 and 7 bookend nicely but the fillers 2-6 are sorta weak even though they do contain a scattering of `` OMG '' cheesy one hit wonders that have worn rather well . Most of this mess seems to be deep tracks off the producer 's personal promo CD rack and not at all a true reflection of the pop culture era that was the 90 's ... 1 star for some really cool coffee bean packaging . Too bad though that what 's actually brewed inside is rather bitter . A waste ...
 This set pretty much sucks.The lamest collection of songs from the ' 90 's that you 're ever gon na hear , sounding like they were taken from 3rd generation sources.On top of that , the book inside features various wankers who try to sound glib and ironic , but still end up sounding like they should be writing for a Time-Life collection -LRB- with the exception of the Sub Pop founder -RRB- . On top of it all , and this really gets me , the material describing the events of the decade in a timeline format , on top of being generally lame , is written AND edited as if by a non-native English speaker , which a -RRB- makes it hard to read , and b -RRB- contributes to a general feeling of shoddiness . Not what you want from a hundred-dollar investment , is it?I 'm really surprised at Rhino ; I 'm usually a big fan of their collections . Avoid this one .
 Set aside the fact that you could take $ 100 to iTunes and make your own CD set -LRB- or mpg file folder -RRB- much better than this one . Set aside , too , the fact that musical culture is just too splintered and disparate anymore to capture in a decade-spanning 7CD set.I enjoy compilations because they reveal someone else 's impression of a musical time frame or genre . Even on those terms , though , this set is a failure . You get absolutely no sense , listening to this set , that there 's an organizing consciousness behind it . In fact , this is the first Rhino compilation I know of that does n't seem to have been assembled by fans of music . More than anything , this set reminds me of the now popular `` Jack '' radio format
 I know its heresy to say a Velvet Undergorund albumm is anything except amazing but I 'm going to anyway , people need to know the truth !!! I 've listened to this a few times but I just remain dissapointed by it . Stephanie Says is basically a early -LRB- & inferior -RRB- version of Caroline Says 2 from Berlin with a name change for Caroline whilst She 's My Best Friend , Lisa Says , Ocean & Andy 's Chest are weaker versions than those Lou Reed put on his solo albums.Its not all negative though , I Ca n't Stand It is brilliant & with its choppy guitar interplay & good vocals could easily fit on the 3rd Velvets album . Foggy Notion is also a great song.I do n't hate this album but I do n't love it either but I 'd say get the 4 official velvets albums & then think about if you really want this.Or tape the 5 good songs from one of your friends .
 This is abother re-release of Sidewalks Fences & Walls , produced by Swamp Dog ... do n't buy it - Solomon Burke was never paid for this recording and will NEVER perform any of the songs on it .
 This was an OK compilation , , , , I do enjoy the remix of Knock On Wood , , , not bad for an old song .
 When I popped in Good Enough on my cd player I was almost put to sleep by Utah Phillips slow and dull poetry and songs . The poetry is just about some crazy stuff about him fishing on a slow river full of fish . BORING ! You know when I want a music cd I want bumping songs , not slow poetry . People who like Utah here is some advice
 Do n't offend Rachel Bolan on myspace or he 'll comment back and then block you from defending yourself ! He 's really an a * s hole and Skid Row is a has been.If you want something that rocks get Angel Down from Sebastian . Do n't waste your time or money on this new lineup . I have the cd and wished I did n't !
 2.5 StarsSkid Row 's debut album with Singer Johnny Solinger `` Thickskin '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- may not have been a great album , but it was a decent enough effort . While Bolan 's songwriting was n't bad , the bands attempt to modernize their sound left something to be desired , as the band sounded more like the Goo Goo Dolls than Skid Row . And as if an 80s metal band trying to sound like a mid 90s alternative-pop band was n't bad enough , newcomer Solinger came off as faceless and bland , a far cry from the charismatic Sebastian Bach.Returning three years later , Skid Row 's second offering with Solinger is about as good as the first ; which means that `` Revolutions Per Minute '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- is an okay-but-not great album . The good news is the band rocks a little harder and sounds a little tighter . The Goo Goo Dolls type alt.rock has been left behind in favor of a more rocking album . Solinger , perhaps more confident , has stepped out of Bach 's shadow a bit , as he comes across as less generic than he did on `` Thickskin . `` The bad news , however , is that the album just is n't that great . It does n't suck ; it 's mostly enjoyable and listenable , but great songs , like `` Monkey Business '' and `` I Remember You '' just are n't there . Most of the songs , like `` Disease , '' `` Another Dick in the System , '' `` Love is Dead , '' etc. are very average . You can listen to them once and enjoy them , but you soon forget them . Ironically , and sadly , the band sounds best when they are trend-hopping . The two standouts , the pop-punky `` Strength '' and `` Nothing , '' seriously border Good Charlotte/Blink 182 territory , but are well-written and memorable none-the-less . Unfortunately , the album is weighed down by the awful `` White Trash '' and the rock-a-billy `` You Lie . '' Imagine Larry the Cable Guy fronting a rock band on a bad SNL skit , and that 's what you get.To be blunt , Bolan may write the songs , but the band needs Bach . It 's Bach 's signature voice and strong melodies that helped make vintage Skid Row great , and without him Skid Row has limped-on ever since . Plus , there is no-way that Bach would have sang on most of these songs as he is smart enough to know mediocrity when he hears it . Bach 's solo material -LRB- heard on his recent tour as well as 1998 's `` Bring ` Em Bach Alive '' -RRB- blows Solinger-era Skid Row out of the water.The Bach-factor aside , the band just is n't as good musically as they once were . The totally underrated `` Subhuman Race '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- saw some real creativity and solid songwriting . By contrast , Skid Row 's last two albums have seen a once promising band digress , half rehashing past glories and half embracing trends that are already five-years pass&eacute; . I guess by 2012 it will be time for Skid Row to make an emo album.If you are a big fan of Skid Row , check `` Revolutions Per Minute '' out ; as there are a few stand-out songs and the album , overall , is an enjoyable , if unmemorable listen . That said , the album is far from the band 's best work and casual fans are advised to stick with the band 's first three Bach-era albums .
 What ever happen to the Skid Row I love ? This CD is not worth buying unless you have some extra dollars , ... but on the second thought it 's better for you if you buy some burgers with that!They used to have an anthem songs and hits like `` I remember you '' , `` Youth Gone Wild '' , `` Slave to the Grind '' , `` Monkey Business '' , `` My enemy '' , `` Into another '' , `` Breakin ' Down '' , and so many more ... but all gone now.Solinger is nothing compared to Bach , and if you listen carefully to most of the songs , it was like that Solinger trying so hard to sound like Bach . The drummer also poor , very poor , the guy playing -LRB- I do n't even remember his name -RRB- looks like a junkie with no spirit to live . Rob 's playing is much better than you , man !! Only 1 song that a little bit worth hearing is `` Disease '' . The rest is like the band trying to be badboys with dirty lyrics , but that 's not the Skid Row I used to know . My advice for the band management is recruit back Bach
 Too be far , I 've only listened to it twice , so maybe I 'm not qualified to review this . But that 's because it just does n't interest me enough to give it another listen . Do n't get me wrong , I loved SKID ROW back in the day , except for the Subhuman CD . Even `` THICKSKIN '' had some pretty cool tracks on it . I only heard a few potentials on this one , I know they 've got better writing skills than this . WAY TOO much `` punk '' influence for me . And alot of the lyrics just seem to be too jokey . I do n't know , it just does n't `` do it '' for me.In my opinion , if you were a popular 80 's band and want to appeal to your fans , you need to do one of 2 things . Either come out with an album that has the sound that made you famous , or come out with an album that 's heavier and just kicks your teeth in . Cause lets face it , if you did n't listen to SKIDROW in the 80 's , you 're not going to be interested in anything they do now . So why not put something out that you KNOW you 're real fans will like at least .
 So I 've been on both sides of the fence with this Skid Row battle . I 've seen some bands carry on pretty good with new singers and I figured hey we 'd get the usual two sides with both having good results . Well Mr. Bach is still metal and hard rock just the way I like it and this ... UM Skid Row ? Is it really . Starts out with something similar that has a Bach era feel to it then BAM !!!! Country music ? , Country music REALLY !!!!!!!! Did I miss something here ? I would n't even of minded if you went back to more of your sound from the first skid days or if you have to toy with a country feel then it better be sounding more like Dime and Vinnies project not this crap . I 'm disappointed with Skid Row , it 's not Skid Row anymore and it sounds like they do n't know if they want to be Skid Row any more . Very disappointed . Another legendary band bites the dust .
 Very disappointed in this cd after really enjoying Thickskin . The new singer 's voice is amazing but the songs are just badly put together.Ok songs include Disease , Pulling My Heart Out From Under Me and Strength.Everything else is par or well below .
 Ok we all know Bolan is Skid Row but lets be honest except for Van Halen replacing roth for Hagar we all know Bach belongs back with Skid Row . Come on guys get back together and tour already . Look if Motley Crue can get back together and tour even though they travel in seperate tour buses so they do n't fight then so be it ! I would n't mind if they got back their original singer Matt Fallon . I hear the guy is still available ...
 Whenever you run out of toilet paper to wipe . Go and get this CD , it 's just as good .
 Whatever happened to the sound that made this band what they are ? `` Dick in the System '' is a decent tune . . but the rest of this CD sounds like it wants to go country which , for a metal fan such as myself , is pretty frightening ! If you want to experience a really good CD from this band , buy `` Thickskin '' .
 Complete garbage from start to finish . An affront to the name Skid Row . Yes I am a Baz fan but this is an honest review - if the band had gotten a good new singer and put together good material I would be able to listen to it . How any Skid Row fan could give this any stars is beyond me . There is none of the edge or emotion that made the band great . Even worse than Thickskin . What else can I say ?
 I love the roots . i dont listen to rap that much but i find them to be a very ecletic and organic rap group in a world today full of rap stars only in it for the money and girls . but this album , which is almost like a greatest hits collection live - there is a reason why most rap artists never put out live albums . the sound quality just isnt there . i love things fall apart , but the version live of the next movement sounds hardly anything like the album version . the quality isnt that great . im sure its alot different if you see them live in concert - im sure its spectacular . but just rap in general - it just doesnt sound as good live .
 There is some amazing guitar on this cd , shredding and melodic just like what you 'd expect from John and excellent sax playing as well . But the songs and the sound of the drums and the awful twinkly and machine-like synths exemplify all that was wrong with eighties fusion and pop for that matter . The drums are gated to such a degree that they do n't sound like drums but like large unsympathetic cannons . Which may be fine for eighties dance pop but absolutely inappropriate for creative jazz or fusion . There 's no sensitivity or musicallity to the sound , I mean it might as well have been a drum machine and it just screams '80s . Likewise the keyboards are shrill , twinkly sounding synths . The playing is great but sonically the keyboards are a disaster . Cheesy would be a compliment , they do n't sound human rather they sound like mechnical devices and really grate on my nerves after a very short while . Not until song number 3 named Florianapolis played on acoustic guitar do we get something approaching a listenable and not so dated sound . It 's somewhat flamenco influenced and has some excellent and human feel to it . The rest ? They range from pedestrian late period Miles funk workouts to fairly good fusion workouts , the playing is often fantastic but the sound ruins the experience for me . You can skip this one and not miss a thing .
 Supposedly abrasive and avant-garde , this train wreck of an LP has very little in the way of actual musical value . I gave it 2 stars for the spoken word oddity `` The Gift '' because I 'm a poetry lover and John Cale 's reading manages to sustain a modicum of interest over 8 minutes , otherwise , this is a case of a lot of stinky smoke , but no fire .
 21/2 The extra-raw production does not compliment underwritten songs here - a downgraded formula which had seemingly eluded the band before and after - though here really shows a rough internal process at its coarsest and least inspired .
 It 's downright frightening to read what some people have written about this thing . Great album ? Uh , no . The Velvet 's best ? Certainly not . BEST ALBUM EVER ?? You should seriously move out of your parent 's basement and get your life straightened out . Sister Ray in particular ; what a steaming pile of dog doo that wretched thing is . And I 'm a big fan of Lou Reed 's notorious Metal Machine Music !! While that album is not music , it certainly is a very intriguing concept . White Light White Heat however makes pretensions that this godawful noise is music , or at least I guess it does , who can tell ? Stick with The Velvet Underground and Nico , the self-titles 1969 album , and Loaded . Try to track down a copy of the last album , Squeeze , as well . All are great -- seriously great -- albums . Then pick this up to complete your collection . Play it once and force yourself to sit through it just to say you 've heard it . If you buy this garbage first you 'll never want to hear any more VU . In my opinion . I do n't begrudge anyone liking or even loving this disaster , but for anyone to say it 's one of the greatest albums ever is simply stupefying . Imagine Lydia Lunch circa '82 hooking up with a blind drunk '83 era Replacements . And then take away three fourths of whatever decent that pairing from hell came up with , and you have White Light White Heat .
 If you can sit through 171/2 minutes of `` Sister Ray '' `` suckin ' on that ding-dong '' , then go right ahead.There are a lot better records out there even if you are into the `` avante garde . ''
 It might be remastered but the sound quality is a dull thud . I have a CD of Lou Reed performing on a local raido station many years ago . Transformer was due for release . It sound many times better than this `` ORIGINAL RECORDING REMASTERED . ''
 While I love all 3 other VU album , I simply do n't get this one . After about 20 sometimes really painful listening , I give up.This album has its moments with me with the title track , here she comes now and I heard her call my name . But the gift , what the hell ? A narration of a story about somebody mailing himself and ultimately getting killed with background music from the band.This is n't outright terrible like Playing With Fire or something , but man , this is not enjoyable.White Light/White Heat 4/5The Gift 1/5Lady Godiva 's Operation 3/5Here She Comes Now 5/5I Heard Her Call My Name 4/5Sister Ray 3/5 -LRB- can be 4/5 , but too long -RRB-
 One word for this cd
 Spoken words , horrible singing , and the ... overhyped Sister Ray . I very much like some VU , Sonic Youth , Nirvana , The Pixies and other bands not considered mainstream . But this is not music . It is a joke , however . Anyone with the least degree of objectivity ca n't think this is good . It is painful to sit through . Put on a good Beatles , Stones , or Miles Davis album , then listen to this noise . It does n't hold up . There 's no talent in the grooves . I guess this is supposed to be some sort of avant-garde or alternative experiment . If so , then it is nothing more than a guise for people without talent doing something different that is labeled as cool or groundbreaking , but in reality smacks of incompetence .
 Granted no one wants to listen to bland music , but just because an album is ` experimental ' , does n't mean it is a classic . Critics would wet their pants if the Velvets recited a shopping list on record - that 's just the way it is . But , honestly , some of the ` music ' on here is the worst committed to tape in rock history - Sister Ray is an absolute travesty - there is barely a hint of a song in this awful piece of noise , yet somehow some of these reviewers find it absorbing and fascinating . I find it utterly inpenetrable , and I 'm sure most other listeners would agree . The Velvets made some great music over their somewhat brief career - if you want to hear them at their best , check out their self-titled album and Loaded . By all means listen to this if you want - I did - but do n't expect a trancendent musical experience . This is the worst Velvets studio album by a long way - even the overrated Velvet Underground and Nico is light years ahead of this . Of course it 's ` cool ' to like this album , but unless you are some self-proclaimed music afficianado who uses this type of music as a masturbatory accessory , how many times are you actually going to listen to this ? The answer is not many . Buy some Rolling Stones albums instead - they had great SONGS and plenty of them .
 I have to admit that when I first heard this album as a high-school student , I was captivated by how horrible it was . My friends and I would listen to it repeatedly , almost to the point of cult-worship . We then sought out other Velvet Underground albums , hoping for a similar `` so bad it 's good '' experience - but alas , none of the band 's other releases , bereft of musicianship or good lyrics though they were , could compare with `` White Light White Heat . '' Everything just came together magnificently on this one - the writing , the playing , the singing , the engineering , even the famous `` skull cover '' ... It all adds up to a classic!I do n't want to spoil the music by analyzing it too much , but let me point out Sterling Morrison 's lead guitar on `` I Heard Her Call My Name '' as a `` highlight '' of this special collection .
 I mean honestly , this album sucks . I know its supposedly the prototype for punk , but c'mon there are much better examples of proto punk , i.e. . The Stooges . There is just too much heroin on this record . `` Sister Ray '' is a noisy mess . The only worthwhile track is the title track . The rest of the album is just an all out attack on quality music . Do n't get me wrong , I love rawness and imperfection in my rock music , but this is just crap . There are better representations of what the Velvet Underground were capable of and how influential they were for punk and indie music . Pick up the slightly overrated `` Velvet Underground and Nico '' and also the very underrated `` Velvet Underground . '' But skip this one all together . You 'll be better for it . nuff said
 The Velvets made a lot of great albums . VU and Nico , Squeeze , self titled , Loaded . This ... is too terrible for words .
 Unless you 're a strung-out vagrant with delusional paranoid fantasies , you wo n't like this cd . In fact , you will hate it . This cd is nothing but one long tuneless assault , it is not music .
 There is just about zero talent displayed anywhere on this steaming pile of crap ! Come on ... classic ? You mean like the rock equivalent of Ed Wood 's `` Orgy Of The Dead '' ?
 I 've noticed that all the so-called negative reviews of this terrible slab of excrement receive non-helpful ratings . Excuse me , but are n't all reviews helpful ? It seems to me that the only people who read the reviews of this godawful s !? t are those lonely , confused few who think this is actually a good album . What a deluded bunch . If you like this cd , try some early Sonic Youth . LOL !
 This miserable album has got to be the biggest catastrophe anyone could waste their money on . I am serious . This is simply the worst cd I have ever heard in my life !
 I received this album -LRB- on vinyl -RRB- in a stack of records cast off by a friend . It sat around for 15 years , and I finally played it . I had n't up till now due to the artist name I 'd never heard of , and the rather ghoulish look of the artists on the album cover.I do n't know who this kind of music appeals to , but it 's amateurish , has no rhythm , no hook , no groove , limp whiny vocals , etc. . It sounds like a couple of talentless hacks randomly plinking and moaning `` da-da-da-da-da '' in their garage . I see that T.Rex has produced several albums , so they must have found an audience somewhere for this dreck . Me , I 'm baffled .
 this sux ok ?! kreator r the worst band eva and this is the worst album eva ! this is just noise . i listened 2 it and i got a really bad headache after . than i listened 2 sum d4l and i got my headache cured . this is music 4 stupid ppl like heavymetalninja and snively wateva ure name is . this talentless poser Mille Petrozza think he can scream but hes no match 4 corey taylor or Alex Varkatzas . hes also a horrible guitar player . kreator sux and 4eva will . listen 2 slipknot , d4l , or atreyu instead !
 Can not review and item that I never receive : -LRB- Charge my credit card within days of purchase but it has been more that 30 days with no order .
 After the eloquent crisis of `` Behaviour '' and the utter euphoria of `` Very '' , `` Bilingual '' represents a major anticlimax for the Pet Shop Boys.I was absolutely shocked to hear the monotonous , tuneless rhythms of Discotecca , Single and Metamorphosis after looking so forward to this album ! It appears PSBs have tried to incoporate somewhat of a Spanish theme into this album , but they have not followed it through ! What we end up with , then , is an awful pastiche of discordant Latin American rhythms and woeful electronica.Perhaps i 'm being a bit harsh on PSB . The album does , after all , pick up in the middle with the pleasant - if innocuous - `` Se La Vita E. '' And the album 's highlight - `` A Red Letter Day '' - would have been certainly worthy of inclusion on `` Very '' or `` Behaviour . `` Nonetheless , this is incredibly disappointing given the talent of the PSBs !
 how are u expected to buy this if the bonus tracks are not listed ???
 Absolutely awful . If you want some good Pets check out there greatest hits or buy their first album Actually . This is a bunch of disco mish mash , with one good song , `` Before '' , otherwise forget it . That is why I give it 2 stars instead of 1 , because there is one good song ... Save your $ , and buy the single ... Never mind I change it to 1 star .
 Sorry , but I was quite disappointed with this album . I was expecting something as rich and deep as `` Behaviour '' . But what came out was something -LRB- in my point of view -RRB- as basic and poorly written as a rave-dance-track . The lyrics are 2nd rate , the rhymes are laughable and the -LRB- beautiful -RRB- music -LRB- they used to write -RRB- was overcame by dance beats , latin beats , even Bossa Nova-like beats . `` Discoteca '' and `` Single '' are mindless tracks that keep repeating themselves . `` Electricity '' is as boring and dull as `` Up Against It '' . `` It Always comes as a Surprise '' is an easy melody helped by a likable bossa nova mood . I guess only `` Survivors '' , `` Before '' and `` Saturday Night Forever '' actually keep this album afloat . But barely . Try their older albums instead !
 Although I have very high expectations of the Pet Shop Boys - being a fan of them - Bilingual is n't even a half-way good album on its OWN merits , much less when compared to OTHER PSB releases.After PSB released Bilingual , I thought that they should retire immediately . There 's only one solid song on the CD -LRB- `` Metamorphosis '' -RRB- and the rest are not even mediocre - they simply suck beyond belief . If it were n't for `` Metamorphosis '' I would have to give this album 0 stars . Every song lacks any imagination whatsoever , and is completely talentless and substance-less . To say that the Pet Shop Boys sound bored and uninterested on this CD would be a gargantuan understatement of collossal proportions . How other reviewers -LRB- who I 'm sure are ALSO avid PSB fans -RRB- can rate this album even two stars - much less five - is way beyond me ; apparently they have no discernment between talent , originality , and a lack of both . Or perhaps they 're so biased in favor of the bands they worship that they think anything their bands produce is quality music . I , on the other hand , am the first one to criticize and notice MY favorite bands ' shortcomings but I 'm never unfair or TOO critical in my analyses of their music , either .
 i just heard they are with soul assassins i think . wow i 'm not surprised , they are good . but not their best album .
 I appreciate Rob the Vikings production , it 's creative , dark , and lasting . Unfortunately , I have always thought of SM as lyrically stale and suffering bad delivery . I agree with Constant 's comments . I 'd rather listen to the other S&M , Slug and Murs , that is . Both of their Tribute albums are fresh . Or Deep Puddle Dynamics for the dark sound and ultra intellectual lyrics -LRB- infused with a pretentious aire of grandeur , if you will - sorry I had to , I heard Bob Novak say it -RRB- . Or Cannibal Ox , futuristic yet timeless production , lyrics from the streets . Or Deltron 3030 , produced by Dan the Automator . Need more classic albums , talented producers need to team with talented MCs .
 I agree with many of the reviewers about the singing . All are correct except Amanda Roocroft . If she does not take care choosing apropriate roles for her voice like her outstanding Fiordiligi -LRB- the best that I have heard and seen , and the best Cosi available -RRB- , she will not last too much time singing . Villaz&oacute;n is good but not as I expected . His tendency to shout the high notes makes unpleasant to listen and watch . In those moments his face almost turns red and looks strained . Dwayne Croft sings and acts great and convincing , the same as Robert Lloyd . I missed as other reviewers a darker chest voice for Eboli , like Shirley Verret , Florence Quivar , Grace Bumbry , Agnes Baltsa or Giulietta Simionato among others . But anyway Violeta Urmana did a good and convincing job.The worse for me , and mostly for that the two stars , is the sound of the DVD . I have listened it in a DTS 5.1 music system , but at moments the voices are hardly heard . Maybe the microphones were not in the correct places because , specially when the singers are back on the stage and the orchestra is playing full , is difficult to listen their voices . With DTS 5.1 as the singers move on the stage normally their voices move too from one speaker to another but this is not noticeable here . Really disappointing sound . If I could , I would have sent back the DVD and ask for a refund . Hopefully soon we will have a new Villazon 's Don Carlo with a better sound and a better Elisabetta . Why not Netrebko ? Her voice permits her to sing what she wants . Patience and hope .
 how can a band follow up one of the greatest death metal albums ever recorded with this ? Luckily , The Eyes of Horror was back to the basics , because Beyond the Gates was not very good . Forgetable songs and just an awful sounding production . Just buy ' 7 Churches ' and ` Eyes of Horror ' and make those the only possessed you ever hear . A sophomoric jinx rings true with this release .
 Shaggy is absolutely one of the best Jamaican artists . This CD however in no way compares to his other . I loved Hot Shot and was very disappointed with this one . Shaggy put too much emphasis on his 2nd home and `` American '' roots . Shaggy should stick to what he is a master at and that is `` Reggae '' and leave the American influence out of his work . It does him no justice and hinders his many talents . Kind of like `` if something is not broke , do not try and fix it '' . Shaggy , go back to REGGAE , Please . I love you Mr. Lover , Lover !
 I reviewed this album some time ago bu it was never published so im gon na do it again . Shaggy the king of cover become really huge with his last cd `` hotshot '' when he sampled and covered all he could and had many many good guest artists for help since his voice is n't good enough for a hit record he also called it reaggue which is not.This time however it seems like he 's using his voice more and also less commercial songs as the last cd -LRB- still there are plenty of them though -RRB- he got help from Chaka Khan and a bunch of other guest artists here too , but not as good as they were on the previous album . This cd feels rushes , after the success of the last album he thought he could make some mediocre songs fast and then make a new million silling album , but that 's not how it works , This album is dull and wo n't sell much either , thanks god for that .
 Lets see what I could say about this cd . Well ... It was umm ... Different?I listened to Shaggy when he was still on the radio when he had hits like Angel and It was n't me . Then I bought this CD , and it was n't like that . Shaggy seems to be one of these artists that are fading out and will soon be a `` who ? '' I think he made more money from selling the songs on this to the movie industry than from his fans , but do n't quote me !
 I remember watching a commercial a few months ago that spotlighted an album of current R&B ; `` hits '' , and at one point they mentioned Shaggy . And I said , `` Shaggy has a song out ? '' After the success of `` It Was n't Me '' and `` Angel '' back in ' 01 , Shaggy kind of disappeared ... or so I thought . But after hearing this album , I 'm starting to think that maybe disappearing would have been a better move.The problem with this album , besides the fact that Shaggy went back to announcing his name at the beginning of every track , is that it really has nothing to offer . This is evidenced best by a bad choice for the leadoff single , `` Hey Sexy Lady '' . But the rest of the songs are n't that great either . `` Shake Shake Shake '' is really lazy , `` Leave Me Alone '' is atrocious , and `` Get My Party On '' -LRB- featuring Chaka Khan -RRB- is n't much more than embarrassing -LRB- that song is n't even that fast , so how could you party to it anyway ? -RRB- . Even Barrington Levy fails to impress on `` Full Control '' . The rest of the songs on here are just weird . `` We Are The Ones '' and `` Lost '' make no sense . And the album ends with a hidden bonus track , which is an obligatory song featuring Sean Paul , a 1990-flavored remix of `` Hey Sexy Lady '' . And that song also does nothing to help matters . The only way you 'll really have a Lucky Day is if you do n't hear this album.Anthony Rupert
 I am a huge Shaggy fan and could n't believe how much I loved the `` Hotshot '' album on which EVERY single song was great which I think is extremely unusual . I was psyched to hear his new stuff but it just does n't cut it . It 's pretty monotonous and not real danceable ... just nothing hooked me . I will continue to keep an ear out for more from him but this one ? Nah .
 The only two things satisfying about this album is the sexy model on the cover -LRB- it was rumored to be a teenage then Nicole Mitchell , Eddie Murphy 's future ex wife -RRB- , and the Con Funk Shunized bittersweet top 20 hit ballad , `` I 'm Leaving You Baby '' -LRB- just missing the R&B top 10 in the spring of 1985 -RRB- . `` Pretty Lady '' and `` Circle of Love '' were listenable , mellow tracks , but the rest of the songs were a eletronic mess and not to the standards of Con Funk Shun . Other than `` Turn The Music Up , '' Con Funk Shun 's involvement was limited being that Mercury hired many outside producers to help update their sound like Maurice Starr -LRB- New Edition 's former manager and producer to their 1983 Candy Girl lp -RRB- and well known hip-hop producer , Larry Smith -LRB- producer for Kurtis Blow , Run DMC , and Whodini -RRB- . Unfortunatley , they created many crappy produced cuts that did ` nt much match Con Funk Shun 's sound -LRB- except for the Starr produced `` I 'm Leaving Baby , '' plus `` Circle Love '' and `` Pretty Lady '' -RRB- and it did ` nt help that tensions between Con Funk Shun were reaching to a boiling point around this period - like many R&B bands who originally start out collectivley , but too much fame and egotism divides or splits the band . Even the music video for `` I 'm Leaving Baby '' does ` nt show much of the band members in the same scene as lead singer , Michael Cooper -LRB- even Felton Pilate 's pressence was limited in the clip -RRB- . The video expresses Michael 's strong disappointment with Con Funk Shun and symbolizes the bands ' demise . The clip also features future In Living Color flygirl , Lisa Marie Todd as Michael 's love interest who also breaks his heart . Although the Larry Smith produced title track gave the band another top 5 R&B hit -LRB- peaking at # 4 -RRB- , it was a boring sci-fiction Whodini meets Con Funk Shun reject . This album is still better than their last album , Fever , but its still the pits . Itunes should just leave this one alone .
 This 1986 release is a far cry from the inventive , musically-satisfying Mangione of the early 70s . BUT having said that , there 's no denying that Mangione has a talent for melody invention . And he seems to surround himself with sidemen who are likewise `` melody-sensitive '' . This time he 's teamed up with producer/co-songwriter Morris `` Butch '' Stewart . Some tracks sound like vintage Mangione of the late 70s , while others - `` hip-hop Mangione ? '' - make one wonder WHO thought THIS would be a good idea ? All in all this is a recording worth having in the collection if you 're of fan of CM back to the days when he was credible . It presents the Rise and Fall of an artist ; even so , you still end up whistling some of those tunes !
 Maybe I would have liked these guys if I had heard them when they first arrived on the metal scene , but hearing them now ... WOW these guys were bad ! I will give them credit , they were one of starters of the Death/Black Metal movement but that does n't necessarily make them good . Even with the CD remastered it sounds terrible . The original production was just horendous . Plus the lyrics and guitar playing is terrible ! Not to mention the vocals . Even for Death Metal vocals these are bad . I see these guys made a second album , but after hearing this monstrosity I think I will pass on it . There is MUCH better metal out there .
 I got this because im a huge Primus fan and Larry Lalonde was the guitarist for this band before Primus , but man , this band just sounds like junk . the guitar is way too distorted so you cant even tell whats going on . The riffs that he wrote this band suck and the drummer keeps doing all these weird stupid sounding pauses for no reason . listen to the sample of `` pentagram '' to see what i mean . The singer basically screams incoherent garbage that sounds like lemmy from motorhead got ridiculously drunk and then started to scream idiotically along with a bad song he had never heard before . Dont buy this album unless youre a huge fan of bad music played by mediocre musicians .
 I love death metal because of how ridiculously-extreme it is , and how none of the bands take themselves seriously . All DM bands know it 's a big joke , and they just try to one-up one another in the brutality/gore department . And the end result is ALWAYS big laughs!So I was expecting a lot when I bought this . I really expected to laugh a lot . But in the end , it just was n't as funny as I thought it would be.This band seems to actually be taking DM seriously ! Big mistake there , fellas . Nobody else does , so why should you?Anyways , I 'm highly disappointed with this garbage .
 Out of all the albums that I have heard , this is one of the worst when it comes to production . It literally sounds like they hung up a mike in their rehersal room ! It sounds terrible ! If somehow you can get though the ransid production , then you find out that the band has no real talent . Sorry Possessed fans -LRB- the few of you out there -RRB- , but there is much better material out there than this . Poor lyrics , poor riffs , and poor guitar playing ! Yes you read right ! Possessed is talentless and only got notieced for a VERY short time because of their evil image . I 'm not buying into it and intelligent listeners should n't either . Go listen to Testament , old Metallica , Megadeth , etc , anything but this . There is no enjoyment on this album . You ca n't even feed off of the aggression like on Slayer albums . I 'm glad Possessed is dead . These guys gave metal a bad name .
 Wow this album plain sounds sounds bad . This sounds worse than any other album I have ever heard , and I have heard plenty ! This sounds worse than a cheap demo on a worn out cassette tape . I guess it does n't matter because the songs are crap too . The vocals are terrible and so is the musicianship . This has to be one of the worst albums I have ever had the unpleasure of listening to ! If you like metal , go listen to Slayer , Metallica , Megadeth , Testament , Iron Maiden , or Anthrax . Anyone but Possessed !
 It 's amazing how many people praise this album , because basically this is not an album worthy of praise . We get very poor lyrical writing , very poor singing talent , very poor musicianship . This album literally hurts to listen too . The production is actually worse than Venom 's first couple of albums . Possessed did n't last long , and after hearing this , I can see and hear why . They only reason I can think of why people praise this CD is because Possessed is considered one of the founders of `` Black/Death Metal '' . Whoopy ! Not . If you want `` evil '' lyrics , go listen to Venom . At least they have talent .
 As a huge Circle Jerks fan , I was extremely dissapointed in wonderful , VI and Oddities.Sure they still have that great sarcastic sense of humor.Keith Morris has his lyrics down cold and they are brilliant.Nevertheless , the music itself sounds rushed , thrown together and seriously lacking in the energy department.I found it to be very bland sounding and uninspired.I do not recommend any of their last 3 studio albums unless you are an absolute die hard and just have to have them.Stay with Group Sex and Wild in the Streets.Those are treasures .
 Gregory breaks very little new ground here . Most of this material is just a rehash of his stellar `` Could Be A Law , I Do n't Know '' with all the curse words -LRB- even Hell and Damn -RRB- sloppily edited out . Instead of bleeps there is just silence . Also many of the words around the curse words are lost as well , ruining some of the material.The K-Mart Ham routine is still classic though . I really belongs on a better CD published by a better label .
 I am particularly derisive of this album because of its uninspired regurgitation of the more artsy -LRB- and accessible -RRB- sounds of its day ; it feels like bad Cabaret Voltaire mixed with early Zoviet France . SP 's later albums are subversive and deranged , albeit beautiful and addicting
 I usually refer to this album as `` Difficult to CARE '' which pretty much sums up my opinion about it . `` Magic '' is a complete waste ... the worst song ever performed by Rainbow . I can only listen to `` No Release , '' `` Ca n't Happen Here , '' Ritchie 's excellent solo in the middle of `` Freedom Fighter '' and `` Difficult to Cure '' or Beethoven 's 9th without having to flee .
 I consider myself a Rainbow fan , but this album was just horrible . Rainbow really peaked with `` Long Live Rock and Roll '' , but with this release , Blackmore abandoned all rock and roll and went for the pop jugular . It was like listening to Survivor . The lyrics were uninspired and the songs were paint-by-number . Especially annoying were the keyboard playing by Don Airey -LRB- God I miss Tony Carey -RRB- . I was wondering why `` Spotlight Kid '' sounded so familiar , then I realized it was `` Kill the King '' warmed over . I literally threw this cd out of my car window during the second listening of `` Magic '' . Ughh . The trouble with Rainbow is that Blackmore changed the line-up constantly so that the band never really aged together , like Zepplin or U2 . The reviewers who loved this album were brought up on pop tunes , not rock and roll . Sorry , but this album ai n't rock and roll .
 ritchie helped to rock and bluesify deep purple ... he turned fantasy into fact with rainbow ... the dio years ... then bonnett came to own ... not bad , just different ... then ritchie turned on the radio one day and said ... ` hey ... i wan na be like all the other garbage their playing now ... ` and so begat rainbow , the joe turner years ... this album is not a rainbow album ... this is a ` jefferson starship/asia/genesis ' hybrid of leftovers trying to be the soup of the day ... ` down to earth ' was where the rainbow faded ... this was where the rainbow died ...
 Unfortunately , I guess Blackmore -LRB- who always was famous as being a kind of `` ego '' man -RRB- let singer Lynn TUrner take a great part of the helm of this production ... The result
 I recall being excited when this album came out , as I was a huge fan of the albums previous ; it seemed the band was on an unstoppable streak.The disappointment I felt once I got the vinyl home was profound . Besides the okay instrumental `` Vielleicht Das Nachste Mal '' and the coulda-been-much-better `` Spotlight Kid '' -LRB- that keyboard solo , yuck -RRB- , this album was a total dud . Gone were the incredible epics like Stargazer and Eyes of the World , the songs that pioneered the band 's great , individual sound . Instead this album was populated with what sounded like Foreigner and Bad Company rejects and a generally sloppy , careless performance by Ritchie Blackmore.New-at-the-time throat Joe Lynn Turner proved up to task , sounding especially magnificent on the album 's cover , `` I Surrender '' . The problem was the songs he had to work with . It 's as though Blackmore and Glover were overly conscious of getting rid of any Deep Purple or Rainbow influence on this album , and relearned how to write songs by listening to bad , early 80s AOR.Buy this only if you 're either a completist , or a fan of Joe Lynn Turner 's voice . The latter variable is especially valid , because Turner sings great all over this album . It 's obvious at the time that Blackmore was pushing his love of Paul Rodgers on him -LRB- as Blackmore did all the way back to Gillan -RRB- , but overall it 's hard to fault the singing itself , great stuff from JLT.But if you 're looking for great songs and playing , look elsewhere .
 This is VHS to DVD creation that has horrible audio quality . I would n't pay more than what I did for this thing -LRB- 2 dollars -RRB- .
 It 's not DVD quality it 's just VHS Videos on DVD . Awful quality of sound , bad quality of picture . I do n't advice this product .
 The quality of this video is bad . It really looks like somebody video taped the videos off a tv . There is a static line jumping up and down at the bottom of the picture . The case looks like a bootleg dvd . There are a couple of red videos though but if you 're looking for something that you can play in an audio system you 're better off buying them from itunes.G-unit !!!
 My partner and I witnessed this collection of teenage hormonal enthusiasm `` live '' on Top Of The Pops , BBC America , a few weeks ago . This one absolutely takes the cake . Bubble-gum bands have been popular ever since the 50 's , but not even the Osmonds nor the Jacksons were packaged and promoted quite so slickly . Please do all musicians a favor , and refrain from referring to them as a `` band '' . They are not . They are a product . This is the epitome of the pre-packaged , `` cookie cutter assembly line '' clone syndrome of late that PR agents and record labels alike have been depending on for the lion-share of the youth market , and a huge chunk of their income.The common practice of funneling millions of dollars into PR for mindless nonsense like this is preventing actual talent -LRB- young and old alike -RRB- from being discovered , and promoted . Did the public NOT learn it 's lesson from Milli Vanilli ? Or does the public simply enjoy being had?Awarding this dreck one star is being overly generous .
 Oh dear oh dear . What have we done .
 I would n't even use this C.D. for a dog frisbee ... my dog does n't deserve that type of torture . They honestly do not need 7 people in a band and S Club 7 is nothing but a poster band that will be gone in a year tops . Gone and forgotten and on `` Where are they now ? '' before they 're 30 . I would definately not reccomend this CD .
 S Club 7 continues the venerable musical tradition first explored by such respected groups as the Archies , the Partidge Family , the Brady Kids , the DiFranco Family , Up With People , and Josie & The Pussycats . If you are annoyed by such things as musical creativity and provocative lyrics , this CD is for you . The perfect soundtrack for pre-pubescent Barbie fans everywhere ! If this CD keeps the readership of Tiger Beat magazine off the streets , so much the better .
 I have made the biggest mistake of my life and i want to die ! I bought my daughter the 'S Club 7 ' almum . This is a warning , the album is tragic and will make you want to throw things . it is a bad 40 minutes of complete manufactured rubbish , though if that is your thing i reccomend it.Do the members have any real talent ? I doubt it very much ! With hearing the band members have been arrested for possesion it does give them a bit of credibility , also it brings a new meaning for ` reach for the stars ' , damn i want to die ! DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !!!!!!! YOU WILL REGRET IT!I would not be suprised if my daughters album goes ` missing ' some time in the near future ! GOD , how much is the psychological damage caused by this album going to cost to get fixed ?
 This Cd is Horrible . I bought it thinking Bring It All Back was OK so the rest of it should be pretty good . I was Wrong . Brit Pop groups should stick with singing Brit songs . The worst songs on here were Viva La Fiesta and It 's a Feel Good Thing . If you are not from Spain , South or Central America do n't try to sing like you 're from there .1 . Bring it all back if you like this song buy the single . 2 . Your my # 1 , This song is decent but nothing else 3 . 2 in a million , Eeeeeeaaahh ... not great but better than the others it 's nothing your gon na remember in an hour 4 . Sclub Party , Give me a break 5 . Everybody wants ya , Very long and slow 6 . Viva La Fiesta , This could possibly be the worst song I 've ever heard it 's very repetitive . 7 . Gon na Change the World , Sounds like they 're advocating GreenPeace . 8 . I really miss you , Slow sounds like a slower version of Everybody wants ya . 9 . Friday Night . This song is god awful it sounds like a cross between Hanson and Puff Daddy . They should n't try to rap . 10 . It 's a feel good thing , Who wrote this ? Sooo PATHETIC 11 . Hope for the Future , This song is boring and it 's Embarassing it 's so badIf you 're buying this for Bring It All Back Just get the Single It will be much more worth your money .
 There have n't been seven castways this motley since Gilligan 's Island . At least the Skipper could carry a tune . It makes one long for the days when TV-created groups such as the Monkeees were a novelty , and not run-of-the-mill . But alas , it 's unfortunate that the Last Train to Clarksville could n't have run over all the copies of this album . Simply put , the artists are not not talented , they just have nothing really important to say . In some societies this is known as verbal diarrhea . The music gives the listener cavities just listening to it . The formulatic banter of the songs would grate on the nerves of even the cheeriest optimist , and the lyrics are about as deep as a kiddie pool . Songs such as `` Two in A Million , '' and `` Hope for the Future , '' are completely pop-oriented , and while each purports to have a different style , once you 've heard one , you have heard them all . If you like monotony , and crave conformity , this CD is for you . For the rest of us , however , I advise You to `` Bring It All Back '' , alright . Bring them all back to the store and demand a refund .
 S club 7 ... sigh , they 're another entry in the British music scene . Which is n't necessarily bad but is n't necessarily good either . While they do have 1 or 2 good songs such as `` Two in a Million '' , is is n't enough to save the album . They suffer from the lack of unpredictablity and are on the verge of sounding juvenile -LRB- think Cleopatra -RRB- . What perhaps is worse is the number of people in the group . 7 is way too many and considering that the guys hardly contribute towards the tracks -LRB- except for the occasional `` yeah '' and `` c'mon '' -RRB- its a wonder they 're still inside the group . Consistency is the key here and if they really want to attract a broader horizon of fans and listeners , they 've got to do better than this .
 when i first heard of these people i was a little surprised that they actually had a record deal . what the real story with this boy/girl group is -LRB- by the way a boy/girl group is really bad -RRB- that they just got some little break on the fox family channel and pump out some horrible music . basically all the songs on here are cheesy , stupid , lyrics . all they really do is what a bunch of wan na be bands do , they dance , dont write their own music , and are destined to be on a where are they know program . well , actually they wont even be on that because only about half of 1/4 of america has heard of um .
 This is music that is damaging our society and should be thrown away . Stupid childish tunes make it irratable and annoying . Please everyone stop buying this sort of trash and buy stuff like Radiohead and heal the worldEVERY ONE SUPPORT ME ON THIS ONE !
 Another manufactured and talentless pop group . Listen to KoRn , Limp Bizkit , or Kid Rock instead . Umm ... on second thought do n't do that either .
 Truly , this CD defines bad music . Despite all the excellent music that exists , it would be better to rid the world of music entirely to stop even one more person from having to experience the unjust horror that is `` S Club 7 . '' This ragtag band of 7 , assembled by some agent for the sole purpose of creating a sweet , sacharine agent of evil , `` sings '' songs that simply make no sense . What on earth does it mean to `` bring it all back to you '' ? Their songs are devoid of emotion and have but one goal -- to adulterate and sully the minds of the female 12 - 18 demographic . Each song on this CD is plainly aimed at a slightly different stereotypical group -LRB- ethnic or otherwise -RRB- . Perhaps I just personally prefer music that speaks about the artist or merely says SOMETHING , but regardless , songs like `` Viva la Fiesta '' are just plain offensive in their moronic , obtuse banter . Simply put , S Club 7 is the worst music I have ever heard . Please , I beg you , spare yourself the agony .
 What happened to people playing instruments and stuff ? And 7 people ?? What the hell do they all do ?
 I listened to this CD because someone recommended it and let me borrow it . I absoloutly hated it . I 'm sorry but it 's just bad music . They do not need 7 people in a band because only one or two of them actually sing . The rest are reduced to singing choir and back up voices . I have no idea why my friend likes it so much because I absoloutly could not stand it . They are all cheesy toons that sound like something out of disney or something . The minute I put this CD in my player and listened to one song I HAD to turn it off !! If you like bubble gum pop poster bands then you might like it ... that is if you 're also a fan of one hit wonders ...
 S Club 7 can NOT sing ! This album proves it ! The first time i heard `` Bring It All Back '' i thought it was a bunch of kindergarderers ! I mean , COME ON ! `` Do n't stop , never give up ... '' ! That 's so stupid ! How did the group even get a record-deal ?
 That 's right . My dog is dead . SClub7 gives a bad name to music . It 's unoriginal and they give a bad name even to the teenie-bopper revolution ! Please , somebody make SClub7 go away ! Oh , and ... punk rules !
 While groups like 98 Degrees , Hanson , and Backstreet Boys are definitely now well away from the `` bubble gum '' sound -LRB- and some could argue that they never really were that way in the first place -RRB- , we are facing a Monkees/Partridge Family spinoff that is torturing the ears of the world 's TVs.S Club 7 , consisting of three young men and four women , is the ideal anti-pop critics ' mecca for backstabbing . Here you have an honestly manufactured group , unlike so many others falsely accused of being so . For a septet , there is scarcely any harmony to note , and the lyrics are so cheesey that they make Britney look like a quality artist in comparison . `` S Club Party '' is a complete watered Backstreet ripoff , and `` I Really Miss You '' has the most super-simple , flat chorus you could imagine
 Gregory breaks very little new ground here . Most of this material is just a rehash of his stellar `` Could Be A Law , I Do n't Know '' with all the curse words -LRB- even Hell and Damn -RRB- sloppily edited out . Instead of bleeps there is just silence . Also many of the words around the curse words are lost as well , ruining some of the material.The K-Mart Ham routine is still classic though . I really belongs on a better CD published by a better label .
 This show is okay ... if you like Pet Shop Boys . Adding a guitar would have made it a ton better , sadly , it comes off as one big dance mix . The 5.1 mix is good , but it could have been so much better with a couple of real instruments . Where are the shows from the mid-late 70s ? Hope something surfaces soon .
 When I was a teenager I was convinced that Venom was the greatest band on Earth . Now , not so much . In fact this album apart from the nostalgia really sucks . The production values stink , the musical arrangements , for what they are , stink and most of the lyrics are pretty much comical . This is n't a band that ever relied on production values , arrangements or lyrics though so if you know Venom you know what you 're getting.The long , almost 20 minute long `` At War With Satan '' is the albums only saving grace . It 's still the best song that I can remember Venom ever producing and as far as I 'm concerned it 's the only reason to consider getting this album.I still listen to it occasionally when I 'm in the proper mood but it 's really at the back of the shelf on my players .
 I love T Rex , have several CD 's but this one was RETURNED . This CD did n't even sound like him , the sound was terrible . The songs must have been dug up out of a basement somewhere and should be put back !!! Terrible CD !!!!!!!
 I bought Bryan 's Christmas CD . It was just fair . I am big fan of Bryan 's and have several of his albums . I would n't suggest buying this CD . I give this album 2 stars .
 I bought Bryan 's Christmas CD . It was just fair . I am big fan of Bryan 's and have several of his albums . I would n't suggest buying this CD . I give this album 2 stars .
 What is it with this guy ? Christmas is about feelings and family . This CD has all the feeling of your mouth after a shot of novicaine . Poor Bryan is looking so desparatly for an audience that he 's seems willing to look for it by using a production team that is more suited for Mariah Carey . If only someone like Robbie Fulks would record a Christmas album we 'd be all better off
 At the risk of sounding like a schoolyard bully , this guy sounds like a petulant little girl . I can see something like this being big in Europe . This kind of music sounds like it was made in a factory . There is no personality or craftsmanship . I wish Robbie Fulks would do a Christmas album .
 I only bought this one for a penny . This album was as atroious as my spelling .
 I went through the biggest Marc Bolan obsession ever . I bought his albums , videos , and listened to his early stuff to the point where my girl friend had to lay down a few ground rules about how much I could listen to Slider or E.Warrior . Anyway , when I heard 20th Century Boy I thought this album was the next thing for me . Anyway , everyone notes that this album is his big departure and boy is it ever . Gone are the rocking boogies , and kinky vocals . In place of it is a bunch of slower , moodier songs that I could n't get into at all . Needless to say this album was a huge disapointment for me . I would say this to you , realize that most people reviewing albums like this are complete die hards and to them it 's going to be 5 stars . I would also say , that before you pick this one up give it a listen as it is definitely a different sound and approach than his earlier albums . Artists change and Marc Bolan was definitely one to evolve and challenge his audience . Unfortunately he grew beyond my hopes and expectations . If you 're new to Bolan get Electric Warrior and Slider the deluxe editions . You 'll have so much fun listening to that stuff . If you go for this one then I hope you like it more than I did .
 I was excited with the release of the new movie but very disappointed with the soundtrack CD . Keeping the kids attention beyond the 3rd track just does n't cut it . I like the instrumental tracks personally but this should have cut and released as CD-Single containing the 3 voice selections .
 Not much new here . I listened to it for the Sarah song , and it is what gave it two stars . Not horrible , but the music is generic movie soundtrack music . The two versions of `` You Got A Friend In Me '' add nothing to the song . `` When She Loved Me '' is a nice song performed wonderfully by Sarah Mclachlan , but not enought to spend money on this whole CD .
 I bought this album expecting songs to sing with the kids . The music is probably great , but I have not yet gotten past the disappointment of so few sing alongs .
 I bought this CD for my 3 year old son after seeing the movie and absolutely loving it ! We were so disappointed that we immediately returned it and got our money back ! The CD only has 3 songs that are actually sung and the rest are all instrumental . My son was so excited to listen to the songs he had heard in the movie , but when they played they -LRB- the main song -RRB- was sung by a different person and just not the same . I am sorry to say this was not worth putting a CD together for ... they should have just left it in the film for everyone to enjoy .
 i love this CD , wish they did a digital remaster with 2011 technology.every song on the CD sounds muffed as if you listen to an old radio programif acoustic quality is important to you in appreciating musicthis CD is not a good buyplease do a digital remastering of this entire CD ?
 These are two short films . Neither has a strong point of view , neither adds very much understanding to how a conductor might interpret Mahler . I got through them as a public service not for any enjoyment . There are much , much better DVDs dealing with the subject of the meaning of music and the conductors art . Save your money , do n't buy this one
 I was disappointed in this film , mainly because of the excessive number and length of the closeups on the conductors ' faces . Also , it would have been helpful to know who was conducting which orchestra . One can guess , I suppose , by the language the conductor uses to address the musicians . It was interesting to see each conductor 's rehearsal technique and to learn more about their attraction to Mahler 's music . But I found the closeups distracting , and it spoiled the film for me .
 I love A.H. 's work so much that I almost hate to do this , but after reading all the rave reviews , I thought I 'd add another side to the story , so here goes : I followed Allan to this album because of his work with U.K. and other prog incarnations , not expecting a clone of that work some 9 years prior , but at least expecting to hear Allan . Most of my CD collection is jazz , so I would have been happy as a clam if that 's what I got . Well , what I got was a Spyro Gyro meets Al Dimeola with some AMAZING guitar work , but presented in a package that effects my central nervous system not unlike a big Thanksgiving meal and a 42/6 NFL game . . Zzzzzz.For instance , the first two songs start with -LRB- what I consider -RRB- rather boring and unnecssary keyboard intros which have you wondering when the song will kick in . Just chord after chord of , well , chords.Of course , there 's some great guitar and drumming on this disk , but the songs are structured around a very ambient feel which is good for Sunday morning latte but do n't dare drive your car with this disk spinning.This may be a guitar player 's disk , in the same manner that Dave Weckl or Simon Phillips ' solo efforts are drummer 's disks . In that respect , I 'd upgrade it to 3.5 stars .
 I wish that I could send this to the guy who laments not receiving his copy , but instead I will have to use it as a clay pigeon . Corny and meaningless lyrics and pathetic `` musicianship '' .
 I initially only wanted to order `` compact disc '' , by `` public image limited '' but amazon had a deal if I also orderd `` flowers of romance '' , by the same band so I thought why not , I orderd both c.d.s ' but I only recieved `` flowers of romance '' , and not the `` compact disc '' . I paid for both and only recieved the one .
 This is listed as a collection of `` rare and 12 '' tracks '' . That 's somewhat misleading . Out of 16 tracks , there was only one that I did n't already have on a Runrig CD . While this CD would serve passebly as an introduction to Runrig , new listeners would do well to search out `` Long Distance '' . The liner notes do provide a somewhat detailed account of the band 's history and the price of the CD is a plus . ... `` Celtic Glory '' could find it 's place in a number celtic music collections .
 This show is okay ... if you like Pet Shop Boys . Adding a guitar would have made it a ton better , sadly , it comes off as one big dance mix . The 5.1 mix is good , but it could have been so much better with a couple of real instruments . Where are the shows from the mid-late 70s ? Hope something surfaces soon .
 I love The Who , a big part of my youth , probably in my DNA , but let 's not kid ourselves
 This is ridiculous to be charged $ 12 for eleven minutes of music . I felt ripped off . I was never told this was a sampler . Why did different magazines give this a review if its not the whole cd . I was suckered . Dont u be !!!
 $ 13 for 11 minutes ??? Anyone else think a full album will not follow , and this was just an attempt to squeeze some more cash out of the biggest sell outs in the history or rock and roll?Sorry for the venom . I 've loved the Who for a lot of years . They were the band that got me hooked back in the day , but I just ca n't stomach them anymore.They should 've packed it in when Moon did . I would 've missed their first farewell concert in ' 83 , which was a huge thrill at the time , but they would 've at least lived on purely in our memories .
 I like the who and they 've done lots of good stuff but bits of six songs ? Lame . What 's the big deal ? Let us hear a song all the way through at least . You old Who fans ... Pfftttt ! Pete & Co. played too loud back in the day . Yr hearing must be a bit shoddy !
 Hey Pete - When are you going to release a real Who album ?
 I love The Who . But damn people ... someone ripped us off on this one . a buck a minute is too much to pay . We got ripped . The material sounds promising ... but come on , the music industry is just too greedy here .
 The music is very good , townshend continues to write great songs . I 'll buy the album when it comes out , but charging $ 12.00 for 11 minutes of music strikes me as a bit mercenery . Wait for the full cd
 I love kc-i & jojo , but I ca n't find their old gospel albums for anything , if anyone knows where I can get tehm please email me ! As far as this album it 's pretty good !
 Can the Three 6 Mafia wannabes please stand up ? Kami Kaze Inc get your as $ up ! Come on , come with some originality . This CD is like a 3-6 cd without 3-6 , only a bunch of nobody guest appearances . On a positive note , I rather hear them then any verse ever spit by whack ass crunchy black . Listening to crunchy black is like listening to that retarded guy rap on the Andy Milonakis Show so that doesnt say much for Kami Kaze Inc. .
 I 'm pretty sure this cd is unofficial . I got a copy a while back and it is not that great . You can tell it is not an official copy because they used the wrong logo , and there are no mentions of WB or Nintendo 's officially licensed product seal anywhere on it . The quality of the songs are also very low . One of the singers pronounces Pokemon `` Pokeman , '' and the other sounds like he is singing into a jar . The instruments are simplified a bit , and the whole thing is lacking . It is definetly not as good as the real song .
 I thought this would be a great soundtrack because of the artists . It has Marilyn Manson , Rob Zombie , Powerman 5000 , Eminem , Lit , and more . I went to the store and payed way too much for and took it home . Besides the Manson track , the rest of this CD is horrible . The new songs have no time put into them and the rest are last-minute remixes . Another thing that disturbed me is that the whole CD is edited ! If I buy a CD i want the straight-up version . They dont even give you a warning or notice that the tracks are butchered . This whole soundtrack is a disgrace to rock and rap both .
 The song `` Heckler '' by primus is the only good song on this soundtrack ! But if you want that song buy Primus 's album `` Suck on this '' and you 'll get other good songs along with it , rather than a bunch of -LSB- stuff -RSB- that you 'll never listen to . There is n't much you can say about this soundtrack , so I will leave the rest up to your imagination .
 this has to be the worst soundtrack ever . most of mtv 's soundtracks are n't very good , but this is the worst . i highly reccomend you NOT waste your money on this , even if your a fan of the show like i am .
 Il existe des ultrasons que seules les oreilles extrment fines de certains animaux comme le chien peuvent entendre.J ` ai souhait&eacute; que C&eacute;line chante dans la gamme des ultra-sons quand j' ai &eacute;cout&eacute; cet horrible concert.Non seulement n ` a-t-elle aucune pr&eacute;sence sur sc&egrave;ne mais ses fr&eacute;quents d&eacute;bordements de fausse sinc&eacute;rit&eacute; flagrants m ` ont horipil&eacute;s.Mais si ce n ' &eacute;tait que a. . . Malheureusement , C&eacute;line b&eacute;n&eacute;ficie aussi d'un organe vocal tellement puissant et d&eacute;sagr&eacute;able qu'on ne peut s 'em pcher de rver &agrave; son prochain cong&eacute; sabatique . Sa voix est telle que j' ai l'impression que son s&eacute;jour prochain &agrave; Las Vegas servira en fait &agrave; &eacute;tablir un nouveau type d'armement sonore pour l'arm &eacute;e am&eacute;ricaine afin de bombarder Sadam Hussein.Somme toute , c'est un DVD que j' offrirais sans piti&eacute; &agrave; mon pire ennemi si j' avais vraiment de l'argent &agrave; d&eacute;penser pour lui rendre la vie plus p&eacute;nible .
 This is nothing more that Art Tatum trying to show off his fingering skills on the piano for his girlfriend . I have other Art Tatum CD 's that are far more entertaining . This CD should n't have been made .
 I love the roots . i dont listen to rap that much but i find them to be a very ecletic and organic rap group in a world today full of rap stars only in it for the money and girls . but this album , which is almost like a greatest hits collection live - there is a reason why most rap artists never put out live albums . the sound quality just isnt there . i love things fall apart , but the version live of the next movement sounds hardly anything like the album version . the quality isnt that great . im sure its alot different if you see them live in concert - im sure its spectacular . but just rap in general - it just doesnt sound as good live .
 21/2 Completely predictable and familiar sounding folk rock of yesteryear , yet sometimes presented in a way that somehow seems unique enough to make this British band still contain some sort of edge today ; with some grooving percussion , the band easily lends many of their ordinarily written songs some extra flow . Alas , what little flourishes we see in the way of percussion , guitar , and vocal work eventually do end up dissolving into just another generically groovy time .
 Delivery took a long time , I damaged the cd when opening it , because there was a very slim cover on the cd . Difference between package and cdcover was not visible . Complaint , but reaction from seller very low . CD 's damaged by customer will not be replaced . Reaction from me , returning customer , gave no reaction at all from seller . last cd I bought there.Music is overwhelmingly good , by the way .
 Not to be confused with the US '60s band Kaleidoscope , this is a UK 60 's outfit whose output consisted of really wimpy psychedelia sung by high , non-descript voices . The instrumentation lacks any meat , but if you like things like Donovan 's more embarrassingly hippy-dippy songs , then this may be for you . Otherwise gets pretty boring .
 I bought this one a few years ago in a record store . At home I recognized , that it 's not by Tangerine Dream ! It was released by a band named ` Kaleidoscope ' .
 This is as much a Trevor Horn CD as it is a Godley and Creme CD.This is one of those typical producer driven albums from the early days of CD 's . It was in the days when digital processing and editing was becoming readily aviable , and the CD format , being 74 minutes long , opened up music to experimentation -LRB- in the early days of CD 's the max time was 74 minutes-see below -RRB- . The CD is about 55 minutes long and the sound quality is fair to poor -LRB- typical of early CD 's -RRB- . Trevor Horn is a musician/producer during the new wave/disco days , who started with Thomas Dolby , formed the Buggles -LRB- Video Killed the Radio Star-the first video shown on MTV -RRB- , moved on to Yes and then became a full tim producer for many acts of the 1980 's . He is responsible for much of the sound in the early 1980 's . He produced Frankie Goes To Hollywood , and that is what this CD is most like . It is a disjointed collection for some questionable things and some really great moments.The first to tracks are around 17 minutes each and are a grouping of old 10CC/Godley and Creme songs , redited and mixed . Most of the stuff is in repetitive loops . This all might be good if it had an even tempo for dancing . Or if the music and songs were interesting , instead of just repetive loops.The last 5 minutes of the first track , is the wonderful song Cry . It got a big boost being featured on Miami Vice . Unfortunately , you have to listen to 12 minutes of junk to get to it . Fortunately , today we have computer software to rip the song and edit out all of the crap.Golden Boy is an OK song and in a similar vain to Cry . An Englishman in New York sounds like it could be the opening for a Broadway Musical . Save A Mountain For Me is like a soulful gospel number , but not very soulful.Other reviewers reference Frank Zappa when reviewing this CD . That is because one song starts out sounding like Brown Shoes Do n't Make It and another sounds like Jewish Princess.The specified length of a CD is 74 minutes . This was the maximum length of CD 's in the 1980 's . The CD specification allows for tolerances in the sample rate and bit size , to allow for variations in manufacturing . If the maximum sample rate and minimum bit size are used , the CD can be stretched to 80 minutes . After a fews of CD production , it was found that the manufacturing process was so tight , it was possible to make CDs on the upper edge of the spec range .
 No doubt this is a 5 star performance . Armstong 's vocals are sublime , as is Peterson 's piano playing . But be forewarned , this remastered cd has an overbearing amount of tape hiss ! I do n't know anything about the modern technology that goes into these `` remasters '' but it is hard to believe there was n't something that could have been done to reduce this horrible tape sibilence while preserving the overall sonic quality . I have never heard this 1957 album either on vinyl or its original cd issue ; all I can tell you is that if you are at all bothered by tape hiss , you 're not going to derive much enjoyment from this remastered cd . Too bad , because it is a nice performance -LRB- if a bit light on Louis ' trumpet solos -RRB- from what is my favorite Louis Armstrong period - the late Fifties .
 I 'm a big fan of Louis Armstrong and also have great respect for Oscar Peterson -- they are great musicians . But I was disappointed in this CD . The music is lackluster -LRB- bordering on boring -RRB- and the sound-quality is not great . -LRB- I have the 1990 issue on Verve . -RRB- I have tried listening to it several times but I simply can not stay interested .
 I have heard so much about Bocelli , that my expectations may have been too high.The sound quality of this CD left alot to be desired.There were moments that Bocelli 's voice was soooooo sweet.There is no strain in this man 's voice.Though the voices are completely different Bocelli 's voice was smooth like the late Perry Como 's voice was NO STRAIN.In Pavoratti 's voice at times there is a strain not with Bocelli.I would put him right there with the great Mario Lanza.I have yet been discourage and will buy another Bocelli CD .
 If you have a good impression from Bocelli - then do n't listen this CD or all good impressions will suddenly change to awful nightmare .
 Looking for Holiday Music for a dinner party I went to Amazon and typed in Christmas CD . This CD came up as a Christmas choice . It does n't sound very much like Christmas music to me . The value and shipping were very inexpensive so the sound of it was my only disappointment .
 I adore Bocelli , but this is a huge disappointment . What was the record company thinking ? Everything he 's done up until this release was just so wonderful ; Sogno blew me away . This is like a throw-away . Who cares ? Perhaps it will sell better world-wide , but I think he 's really reaching and there 's nothing new here . Too bad . I guess they 'll just release anything with his name on it .
 A wise man told me years ago that the reason the Church banned so much operatic music at Mass was not that it was distracting , but because it was so bad.I find this selection to reinforce that judgment . Sorry that I bought it , and sorry that I looked forward to hearing it . I would give it away if I knew someone that I disliked that much .
 What is the appeal of Andrea Bocelli ? He 's cute , he 's blind ... but can he sing ? On the basis of this CD , I 'd say he ca n't . He carries a tune adequately , but the quality of his singing is enervated , listless , thin and monotonous . Asking around to some people who adore him , I 've found that his fans are mostly those who do n't like real classical or opera singing -- Bocelli 's brand of light crooning does the trick for them . If you like that , too , this CD may be for you .
 What else can you say about someone who ca n't sing without massive electronic amplification and blending ?
 While Andreas ' artistry is unquestioned , this is what happens when a record company feels they have to release product . Many of the tracts are from previous releases and I am finding little emotional reason to listen to this CD again . His previous efforts are much more interesting and satisfying .
 I made a special trip to pick-up `` Sacred Arias '' for a gift . I played it and each piece came on at a drastic varying volume from the one before . One piece even had a chatter voice skip . Others , the volume jumped within the piece . Did I get a bad recording or did someone turn out some quick junk ?
 Bocelli has always wanted to sing opera and in this album , he tries to perform some heavier stuff . Unfortunately , his voice and style let him down . His voice does n't possess adequate tone colour for the pieces and the sound he produces can even sound constricted at times . As a result , not only is he unable to express fully the meanings and emotions behind the pieces with his bland singing , on a purely vocal level , his performances ca n't even be termed beautiful , let alone inspirational , even when one is prepared to disregard all those electronic enhancement involved to beef up his voice artificially . Such performances just ca n't do the music any justice and , in some instances , are a downright misrepresentation of the works featured . Thoroughly disappointing !
 Sorry , I always choose honesty over political or any other artidficial `` correctness '' and do n't care even a tiny bit if my opinions are popular or not . I had earned a Master 's degree in music in 1972 , worked as a piano teacher , assistant principal and principal of a major school of music for many years . I 've been going to opera performances since age 5 and have seen hundreds and hundreds of them over the 5 decades . I own many thousands of records , tapes and CDs of classical music and have listened to all tenors that have ever recorded anything . And yes , I am totally stunned by the unjust , unearned popularity of Andrea Bocelli.Yes he had taken a few singing lessons from Franco Corelli , who was not overly impressed by Bocelli 's progress . Whatever he learned , he apparently lost during his night time singing at a bar in Torino , and due to his constant jumping from genre to genre . He probably `` learned '' more about singing from Zucchero than from Corelli.I have no doubt there are some 200 tenors in Italy alone who can sing much better than Bocelli , whose lack of continuous quality training and , I guess , poor attention to details , made him the worst Italian tenor I have ever heard , who can compete only with other pop singers turned opera star wannabies like Russell Watson or Josh Groban.You can call me an idiot but be kind , show me at least one meaningful , thoughtful phrase in any of the above trio 's performances . And concerning Bocelli , ALL his highs are forced , strained and many out of tune . ALL his lows are badly rough and totally unsupported by the diaphragm , and sound completely non-operatic . Phrasing is always choppy and detached from both the meaning of music and text . Breathing is poorly controlled , a fact that ca n't be missed by anyone with at least mediocre listening skills , in all instances of slow legato . And legato he just can not sing , period ! Never learned how!I forgot who once wrote that Bocelli has managed to transform the art of Bel Canto into the art of Can Belto . I wholeheartedly agree.It 's sad that recordings like this , produced and marketed by marketing , and not music professionals , together with the pseudo-operatic recordings by Sarah Brightman , Russell Watson or Josh Groban contribute to profanation of musical arts , devaluation of the formerly high standards of classical / operatic singing.Do yourself a favor
 The sticker on the celophane wrapper notes this was `` seen on TV . '' It sounds as though it were recorded from TV , with a single microphone in the middle of the room . Painful to the ear .
 This is a VERY traditional Roman Catholic CD , for , like , Latin Mass lovers , so be aware of that . Amazon carries another , better , edition of this CD which you should check out before you buy this one : Sacred Arias -LSB- Special Edition with Bonus DVD -RSB- The Ave Maria is especially moving .
 Chesp recording , few songs , a big rip off bad quality sebpnd me a refund I want my money back now
 This guy is terrible . Plain and simple . He would n't know a phrase if it hit him in the mouth . His voice is weak , as his his line . He needs about 2 years at least to get his voice good enough to actually start to learn classical voice . On the other hand , if you like Sarah Brightman , and want to waste entirely the 15 or so dollars on this go ahead be my guest . The fact remains that he is a terrible singer . He may be a nice pop soloist , but he is not a singer . That title is reserved for people who actually know how to use their voice .
 This guy does n't have that great a voice and says the same things over and over again . Not inspirational or emotional , just plain . Two stars because Celine Dion -LRB- one of my idols -RRB- loved him enough to sing `` The Prayer '' with him and they did it at the Oscars . So , unless you like emotionless opra , do n't waste your time and money . Spend it on the BACKSTREET BOYS ! They RULE FOREVER !
 Andrea Bocelli has a beautiful voice that sounds wonderful in pop songs but comes off as pleasant , but light-weight , in classical songs and arias . Thomas May 's article mentions that Andrea Bocelli found inspiration from listening to Franco Corelli 's recordings of sacred arias . If you really want to hear how thrilling these sacred arias can sound , listen to Franco Corelli 's `` Songs & Arias '' and do n't settle for `` Sacred Arias . ''
 I am a Bocelli fan . I looooove his Sogno CD . I think his voice is extraordinary . That being said , I was a little disappointed in this CD . It was well , ordinary if not boring . Nice as background music but not moving as his other works .
 Songs1 . Soliloquy2 . The One Armed Boxer vs. the Flying Guillotine -LSB- 3 . Note to Self4 . I Liked You Better Before You Were Naked On the Internet -LSB- Dead B5 . Featuring Some of Your Favorite Words6 . Emily7 . Secrets Do n't Make Friends8 . Populace in Two9 . Kiss Me , I 'm Contagious10 . Minuet11 . Ride the Wings of Pestilence12 . -LSB- Untitled Hidden Track -RSB- -LSB- 2004 -RSB- -LSB- Dead Baby Kickball -RSB- -LSB- ASCAP -RSB- Album ReviewSince the early 2000s , what 's now known as post-hardcore has been consistently codified into something eminently marketable . Screaming bloody murder over churning angular guitars has suddenly salable qualities , as long as the rage is offset by whimpering pianos and heart-flailing harmonies . This systemization is n't necessarily bad , as the groups it affects often make very arresting music . But that does n't mean the formula itself is n't questionable . In 2004 From First to Last unleashes its first full-length via Epitaph , after debuting with an EP for the tiny New York imprint Four Leaf . And it has the right idea , using dense lyricism and inventively propulsive drumming to separate Dear Diary , My Teen Angst Has a Bodycount from the teeming post-hardcore pack . But like so many of its peers , FFTL tempers its fury with oddly soft-focus introspection . Derek Bloom 's incredible drumming drives de facto opener `` The One Armed Boxer vs. the Flying Guillotine '' through its wildly shifting time signatures , and the clipped guitars flail appropriately . `` Note to Self , '' too , incorporates metal pacing and a flurry of double bass kicks . But the dark energy in these introductory tracks dissipates in the carnival synthesizers and music box effects of `` I Liked You Better ... , '' which suggests blink-182 's awkward dalliance with its serious side . This is n't a slight on From First to Last 's emotional fragility -- after all , everybody hurts . But what happened to the rock ? Why does the post-hardcore ethos demand milky melancholy as a bed partner to vicious screamo and post-hardcore rhythms ? `` Thunderstorms could never stop me , '' the straight acoustic balladry of `` Emily '' croons . '' 'Cause there 's no one in the world like Emily . '' Emily , if you 're reading this , you really screwed this kid up . Later , he 's listening to Morrissey in his car , and deciding self-pity is better than relationship torture . An album title like Dear Diary , My Teen Angst Has a Bodycount seems to imply a needling of the very formula , and name-checking the Moz admits how overwrought it can all really be . But From First to Last sounds too sincere in its sadness to be kidding . Luckily , the anger rocks . `` Kiss Me , I 'm Contagious '' chases Diary 's tears with cocksure lyrics , stuttering percussion , and raw dual vocals . And `` Ride the Wings of Pestilence , '' despite its needlessly weighty title , is an explosion of great ideas that proves the potential in From First to Last to break the mold wide open . More rock , less schlock !
 I bought this and discarded it after two listens , but checked them out in concert with He is Legend and Halifax recently . I thought maybe their live show would make up for a bland Poison the Well / Hopesfall ripoff . I was wrong , while thier breakdowns were good , the lead singer was way too flamboyant ; doing splits on stage was a low point . Also during songs all the fans seemed to be clapping with their hands in the air . There was even a weak solo where the band left and someone on the soundboard played a pre-dubbed bass track while the lead singer sang to it and danced around . It was like a wanna-be Head Automatica.No encores and a show that was over by 10 pm . Also every member of the band had their hair done shaggy and was dressed in black . The rythym section was tight , but whenever they started jamming the lead singer would just come back in screaming . Also the lead singer and the guitarist switch . I mean they are so talentless they actually switch . The guitarist takes a mic and the lead singer plays guitar and does not sing anymore . The lead singer also seems to want to be the lead singer from My Chemical Romance -LRB- like aspiring to be Ashton Kutcher as an actor -RRB- Overall , outside of the few girls I met ; this night was a joke . These guys while cool while drinking with us before the show are going nowhere fast . For fans of MCR and UnderOath and other generic screamo/emo . Screamo/Emo is dead . Hopesfall 's new record is not screamo , but straight rock . Finch has dumped a majority of the scream/emo side and with the new Poison the Well later this year it 's complete demise will be finished.Good , it 's saturated with junk like From First to Last
 This is the second release from FFTL and in my opinion this is worse then their first recording . Before this cd they released their 7 song EP `` aesthetic '' and had a different singer . If you are a fan of this cd , definatly check out their ep , the guitar player Matt does most of the singing i believe , and they have a different person doing the screaming . I give their ep a 4 or 5 star rating .
 From First to Last used to be a band about passion and not fashion I love FFTL do n't get me wrong but in this days how music business it 's just crap , I remember seeing this band with their old singer before they became `` oh so famous '' and they were one energetic band I 've always liked but after they got their new singer it 's not the same thing as old FFTL it 's just like every other band in this days like MCR , TBS , etc. . . if you ever have a chance go listen to `` Aesthetic EP '' by FFTL and see the difference between each one of them and you will see what I mean ... and this album has too many soft songs too , 1 or 2 soft songs are not bad but there is a lot more and there is almost no screaming as in their last EP what a dissapointment ...
 This has got to be the worst band I have ever heard . I saw From First to Last at The Door in Deep Ellum , TX , and they sucked . Before I even heard them , I hated them . I mean , yo ! What 's with the band name `` From First to Last . '' Lots of thought went into that one , I 'm sure . God ! Ca n't you do better than that ? Then there 's the `` music , '' if you could even call it that ! This is the worst screamo band ever , and I know screamo bands . There 's nothing like a good screamo band , and ... I forget how the rest of that goes . Anyway , From First to Last sucks butt . I mean really sucks butt .
 I just ca n't get along with this album . The singing is screaming and the actual screaming does not quite fit the music . This is a cellophaned unoriginal album . They can not decide between pop rock and punk rock . Just candy for the people to gobble up and poop out . ATDI want a be 's .
 While this album has its good moments I would have to say that they are heavily outweighed by the bad . I would have to say that my main complaint is the singer 's voice when he sings . His screams are decent but his singing is just , eh . This record is n't exactly a masterpiece of its genre .
 first off , I 'm into all the emo/screamo/alternative stuff . The Used , Senses Fail , Underoath , all of it . But this CD just does n't cut it . It 's not that it 's bad , the songs just arent that interesting . Many of the songs just seem to have the same part it . The singer holding a note with the drummer riding on the double-bass pedal with mindless gutiar . of course tha 's nto teh hole song . But each song seems to have that part in it . There a few good songs , like secrets do n't make friends , and a few others . But it 's not worth getting the whole CD . Just buy the good ones off of iTunes .
 This is the worst piece of sh*t I have ever heard , My cousin let me listen to it and asked me what I thought ? I told her if she was n't family I would have slapped the cr * p out of her for listening to this cry baby bull sh*t !! What ever happened to good old rock like AC/DC ? You people are idiots for buying this garbage . You are making a BUNCH OF LITTLE SPOILED RICH KIDS EVEN RICHER , WAY TO GO ASSH * LES !!!
 This is without a doubt the worst piece of $ % # ! to come out this year , possibly this decade . These kids have managed to make Blink 182 sound interesting and innovative . The drums sound like they were recorded in a cave , the poor timing and routine teenybopper wannabe hardcore beats notwithstanding there is nothing worth listening to there . The bass is pathetic , not really worth mentioning either . Obviously someone took the Sid Vicious bass playing theory a little too literally . Moving onto the guitars , well , after listening to them I just say let 's move on , power chords , I think one song actually had more than 2 chords , how brilliant . Vocals , if you want to call them that , screaming out horribly bad lyrics may appeal to some people , usually those aflicted with ADD . There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this worthless album . The songs are terrible . The `` musicians '' are terrible . The sound is terrible . This band are so godawful there 's just no reason for them to exist . Any bad high school talent competition losing band would blow these guys away .
 This band is terrible ... this cd is even more terrible . It 's amusing how marketable emo garbage just seems to keep coming and coming and people just eat it up for some odd reason . The only song I had any enjoyment listening to was `` Ride the Wings of Pestilence '' -LRB- hey , it 's `` catchy '' -RRB- . But other than that this band and album is a complete waste of time.The singing is god-awful and the guitar riffs are boring and typical . Every song is repetetive and sleep inducing . If you wan na hear real emotional -LRB- NO , not emo -RRB- hardcore check out Misery Signals . They have more talent in their fingernails then this band does in their entire bodies .
 Everyone seems to be going crazy over these guys . I expected to see at least one review bashing them , but I guess that honor goes to me.What you are seeing is basically the result of Epitaph finally relizing that their brand of ` punk rawk ' died in the nineties and really , nobody likes NOFX or Pennywise anymore . So now they 're desperately trying to jump on the whole crossover bandwagon like every other label , even Century Media and Metal Blade , have already done . They made some good decisions by signing Converge and Dillinger Escape Plan , and even Brand New was n't half bad . But unfortunately , the band they 're trying so hard to push now is some of the most uninspired , rehashed , formulaic stuff I 've heard in a while.Now , I 'm not one of those people that just hates a particular genre and goes out of his way to review a CD that he would never even have a reason to listen to . I like plenty of emocore , metalcore , etc. . But nor am I one of those people that indiscriminately praises every band in the genre that comes along . There are bands with artistic integrity and intelligent lyrics , bands that admit to playing within a certain genre but attempt to transcend it and to do something that can be appreciated as art , by people other than scene kids -LRB- ex
 Do n't take my word as gospel ; I have n't listened to this whole record . But I heard one song , Note to Self , and I do n't think the singer hit a single note in-pitch , probably because he was singing way too high for his own health . Being a drummer , I noticed that the drummer is pretty good , and the music sounded good enough . But I just could n't get past the vocals to give this album much of a chance . Sorry .
 first let me say i have the respect for evan in that he is one heck of a musician . that being said , he is not much of a songwriter . the songs bounce in between weak and downright silly . Horrible lyrics about `` one night flings '' and `` g strings '' make this album unlistenable . it sounds great but there is no substance behind the music . great for teenage girls who do n't require depth from their tunes .
 I was looking up the worst LP 's I ever heard just for fun . I ca n't believe how many of the LP 's get high ratings . Only about 1 percent of the CD 's get a 1 rating from me , this one got a 1 which is to say it was hard to listen to the hole thing . I like the band but this was just bad .
 `` Animosity was interesting -LRB- as is Techncracy -RRB- but the best work was by C.O.C. 's sister band `` No Labels '' which shared musicians -LRB- Woody Weatherman and Reed Mullin -RRB- with them . No Labels was also the greatest Raleigh punk band . It was very ironic to see C.O.C. rise to stardom while No Labels passed into oblivion . `` what a load of steaming poo . no labels was a sloppy generic hardcore band and they sounded exactly like all of the other sloppy generic hardcore bands from the early 80s who were all basically a bunch of uncreative nitwit kids who thought black flag was the second coming of jesus . but as the no core tape proves , coc was ALWAYS superior to no labels . dont let this stuck up elitist fool you
 Back in the day I was a huge Corrosion of Conformity fan . Like many people , I first heard the band during their Deliverance era and soon found myself trying to track down their back-catalog . I found Blind first , and even though Pepper Keenan was n't on lead vocals , I still found the CD to be sort of enjoyable . However , once I got to Technocracy , I realized that the musically-talented good-songwriting serious-musicianship Corrosion of Conformity I knew only existed from Blind up.This CD is absolutely horrible . I had a hard time even believing this was COC . It 's just talentless garbage noise that sounds worse than the crappy middle-school garage band that plays down your street that 'll never make it . I 've heard a lot of different metal music in my time , but this CD was by far one of the worst things I 've ever listened to . My friend -LRB- before I knew him -RRB- had the same exact circumstances as me about COC -LRB- first heard Deliverance , then wanted their back catalog -RRB- and hated this CD so much after he bought it that he threw it out after hearing it just once . He did n't want anyone else to have to suffer hearing how horrible it was . I warn anyone who loves Deliverance/Wiseblood era COC to stay far away from this CD and all those pathetic COC releases that came out before it . This CD is n't even worth a penny , so do n't spend your money on it .
 In 1988 , on Oct. 30 , was the day I first heard this album . It is now forever linked to not only great punk rock for me , but forever linked to my teen-age halloween memories . Nearly 20 years after I first heard it , and 20 years since its release , ` Horror Epics ' still remains one of the great 80 's punk albums and the only political/ghoul punk album I can think of . It 's a great way to start your Exploited collection and a must for a curent collection .
 You know what sucks most about the 80s . Its all the twats who thought digital drums were the coolest thing ever . You have all this music forever signifying the 80s all because of digital drums , but never in my life did I think I would hear a punk band using them . Then I found this little number from The Exploited . Dont get me wrong , they are an amazing band , but this album belongs in the trash ...
 This CD has only one good song on it . Otherwise , it is very difficult to listen to .
 I am a Bocelli fan . I looooove his Sogno CD . I think his voice is extraordinary . That being said , I was a little disappointed in this CD . It was well , ordinary if not boring . Nice as background music but not moving as his other works .
 While Andreas ' artistry is unquestioned , this is what happens when a record company feels they have to release product . Many of the tracts are from previous releases and I am finding little emotional reason to listen to this CD again . His previous efforts are much more interesting and satisfying .
 I made a special trip to pick-up `` Sacred Arias '' for a gift . I played it and each piece came on at a drastic varying volume from the one before . One piece even had a chatter voice skip . Others , the volume jumped within the piece . Did I get a bad recording or did someone turn out some quick junk ?
 Bocelli has always wanted to sing opera and in this album , he tries to perform some heavier stuff . Unfortunately , his voice and style let him down . His voice does n't possess adequate tone colour for the pieces and the sound he produces can even sound constricted at times . As a result , not only is he unable to express fully the meanings and emotions behind the pieces with his bland singing , on a purely vocal level , his performances ca n't even be termed beautiful , let alone inspirational , even when one is prepared to disregard all those electronic enhancement involved to beef up his voice artificially . Such performances just ca n't do the music any justice and , in some instances , are a downright misrepresentation of the works featured . Thoroughly disappointing !
 Sorry , I always choose honesty over political or any other artidficial `` correctness '' and do n't care even a tiny bit if my opinions are popular or not . I had earned a Master 's degree in music in 1972 , worked as a piano teacher , assistant principal and principal of a major school of music for many years . I 've been going to opera performances since age 5 and have seen hundreds and hundreds of them over the 5 decades . I own many thousands of records , tapes and CDs of classical music and have listened to all tenors that have ever recorded anything . And yes , I am totally stunned by the unjust , unearned popularity of Andrea Bocelli.Yes he had taken a few singing lessons from Franco Corelli , who was not overly impressed by Bocelli 's progress . Whatever he learned , he apparently lost during his night time singing at a bar in Torino , and due to his constant jumping from genre to genre . He probably `` learned '' more about singing from Zucchero than from Corelli.I have no doubt there are some 200 tenors in Italy alone who can sing much better than Bocelli , whose lack of continuous quality training and , I guess , poor attention to details , made him the worst Italian tenor I have ever heard , who can compete only with other pop singers turned opera star wannabies like Russell Watson or Josh Groban.You can call me an idiot but be kind , show me at least one meaningful , thoughtful phrase in any of the above trio 's performances . And concerning Bocelli , ALL his highs are forced , strained and many out of tune . ALL his lows are badly rough and totally unsupported by the diaphragm , and sound completely non-operatic . Phrasing is always choppy and detached from both the meaning of music and text . Breathing is poorly controlled , a fact that ca n't be missed by anyone with at least mediocre listening skills , in all instances of slow legato . And legato he just can not sing , period ! Never learned how!I forgot who once wrote that Bocelli has managed to transform the art of Bel Canto into the art of Can Belto . I wholeheartedly agree.It 's sad that recordings like this , produced and marketed by marketing , and not music professionals , together with the pseudo-operatic recordings by Sarah Brightman , Russell Watson or Josh Groban contribute to profanation of musical arts , devaluation of the formerly high standards of classical / operatic singing.Do yourself a favor
 The sticker on the celophane wrapper notes this was `` seen on TV . '' It sounds as though it were recorded from TV , with a single microphone in the middle of the room . Painful to the ear .
 This is a VERY traditional Roman Catholic CD , for , like , Latin Mass lovers , so be aware of that . Amazon carries another , better , edition of this CD which you should check out before you buy this one : Sacred Arias -LSB- Special Edition with Bonus DVD -RSB- The Ave Maria is especially moving .
 I have heard so much about Bocelli , that my expectations may have been too high.The sound quality of this CD left alot to be desired.There were moments that Bocelli 's voice was soooooo sweet.There is no strain in this man 's voice.Though the voices are completely different Bocelli 's voice was smooth like the late Perry Como 's voice was NO STRAIN.In Pavoratti 's voice at times there is a strain not with Bocelli.I would put him right there with the great Mario Lanza.I have yet been discourage and will buy another Bocelli CD .
 If you have a good impression from Bocelli - then do n't listen this CD or all good impressions will suddenly change to awful nightmare .
 Looking for Holiday Music for a dinner party I went to Amazon and typed in Christmas CD . This CD came up as a Christmas choice . It does n't sound very much like Christmas music to me . The value and shipping were very inexpensive so the sound of it was my only disappointment .
 I adore Bocelli , but this is a huge disappointment . What was the record company thinking ? Everything he 's done up until this release was just so wonderful ; Sogno blew me away . This is like a throw-away . Who cares ? Perhaps it will sell better world-wide , but I think he 's really reaching and there 's nothing new here . Too bad . I guess they 'll just release anything with his name on it .
 The disc skips and I do n't want to spend another shipping charge to return it ! I ca n't tell if I like the music as the damage outweighed any possible enjoyment of the disc .
 Chesp recording , few songs , a big rip off bad quality sebpnd me a refund I want my money back now
 A wise man told me years ago that the reason the Church banned so much operatic music at Mass was not that it was distracting , but because it was so bad.I find this selection to reinforce that judgment . Sorry that I bought it , and sorry that I looked forward to hearing it . I would give it away if I knew someone that I disliked that much .
 What is the appeal of Andrea Bocelli ? He 's cute , he 's blind ... but can he sing ? On the basis of this CD , I 'd say he ca n't . He carries a tune adequately , but the quality of his singing is enervated , listless , thin and monotonous . Asking around to some people who adore him , I 've found that his fans are mostly those who do n't like real classical or opera singing -- Bocelli 's brand of light crooning does the trick for them . If you like that , too , this CD may be for you .
 What else can you say about someone who ca n't sing without massive electronic amplification and blending ?
 This guy is terrible . Plain and simple . He would n't know a phrase if it hit him in the mouth . His voice is weak , as his his line . He needs about 2 years at least to get his voice good enough to actually start to learn classical voice . On the other hand , if you like Sarah Brightman , and want to waste entirely the 15 or so dollars on this go ahead be my guest . The fact remains that he is a terrible singer . He may be a nice pop soloist , but he is not a singer . That title is reserved for people who actually know how to use their voice .
 This guy does n't have that great a voice and says the same things over and over again . Not inspirational or emotional , just plain . Two stars because Celine Dion -LRB- one of my idols -RRB- loved him enough to sing `` The Prayer '' with him and they did it at the Oscars . So , unless you like emotionless opra , do n't waste your time and money . Spend it on the BACKSTREET BOYS ! They RULE FOREVER !
 Andrea Bocelli has a beautiful voice that sounds wonderful in pop songs but comes off as pleasant , but light-weight , in classical songs and arias . Thomas May 's article mentions that Andrea Bocelli found inspiration from listening to Franco Corelli 's recordings of sacred arias . If you really want to hear how thrilling these sacred arias can sound , listen to Franco Corelli 's `` Songs & Arias '' and do n't settle for `` Sacred Arias . ''
 The reason I bought this was to get the track `` House of the King '' , because I lacked a digital copy of it . I could have done that for $ 0.89 , but I 'm a fan so I sprung for the whole thing . What an unexpected revelation it was to hear the rest of the album ! What you hear on this is a band trying to `` make it '' in the environment of the early 70 's . Tracks like `` Happy Nightmare - Mescaline '' and `` Sugar Island '' are the kind of psychedelic stuff that was all over the radio then . I can just hear a record executive advising them `` If you want to be on the radio , this is what you need to sound like '' . I 'll be honest here , most of the songs are awful . I could n't even finish listening to some of them . On the other hand , there are four tracks that I would classify as a preview of what Focus would sound like in their prime . `` Focus '' appears twice , once as a brief vocal version and later as an extended instrumental . `` Anonymus '' is better known to fans in it 's later version `` Anonymus II '' appearing on the album `` Focus 3 '' , but it 's essentially the same song . And `` House of the King '' is one of the band 's hits . If classic Focus is what you 're after , those are the four I recommend . If you want that , and a laugh at how bad they were at pop music , get the whole album .
 I -LRB- as i said in my review of Mother Focus -RRB- am a huge Focus fan . However , nothing makes me cringe more than when they try to sing . None of the band members have ever sang very well . The only vocal tracks in their history that are not cringeworthy are La Cathedrale De Strausbourg & Focus -LRB- Vocal -RRB- which the latter is on this album.Of the instrumental cuts , definately what they excelled at doing , they rock good and hard . Focus -LRB- Instrumental -RRB- is an almost 10 minutes of great prog rock . One of the long ones they did that was NOT repetitave . This was the first of 6 `` Focus '' songs . Thijs Van Leer had a Focus theme and this was technically part one . The last reviewer is incorrect . They do not rework it on later albums . Focus II , III , IV & V are all VERY different from each other and this one . As for the other 2 tunes . Anonymus is better here than in its longer jazzier version on the album Focus 3 . It rocks more in this version . As for House of the King . THIS LINEUP DID IT , if i had a dollar for every person who crapped on the cd release of Focus 3 for not including it I 'd be rich . House of the King was only included on the US version of Focus 3 . It was a non-lp single in 1970 . This is where it truly belongs.As for the vocals . Happy Nightmare , Focus -LRB- vocal -RRB- and Why Dream are the better ones . But all the vocals drag my rating down . Thankfully they realized this and did almost ALL instrumentals on subsequent albums.If you want to complete your Focus collection , Buy it . If you are exploring them , buy the album Best of Focus -LRB- Hocus Pocus -RRB- for a good 16 track sampler of their career.Please rate all my reviews
 not a bad album some songs are a bit cheesy and , but ranks well with tull and the like ... give it a go
 The musical transfer was poorly made . It sounds like they tranferred it from a cassette player , the voice is basically alone , the instruments are not clear , muddled , lacks fullness , conviction ? The recording reminds me of when the cd 's started back in the 80 's . The songs do n't make you want to rehear the cd . The best track is America the beautiful . Does he have any other recording of `` America the Beautiful '' ?
 This music CD came to me opened with the CD scratched . CD case looks very worn out . No packing slip , no security plastic wrapping on the case either -LRB- like when you buy music in the store -RRB- . This is the second CD I received that came to me like this . I will never order music from Amazon again
 I was excited with the release of the new movie but very disappointed with the soundtrack CD . Keeping the kids attention beyond the 3rd track just does n't cut it . I like the instrumental tracks personally but this should have cut and released as CD-Single containing the 3 voice selections .
 Not much new here . I listened to it for the Sarah song , and it is what gave it two stars . Not horrible , but the music is generic movie soundtrack music . The two versions of `` You Got A Friend In Me '' add nothing to the song . `` When She Loved Me '' is a nice song performed wonderfully by Sarah Mclachlan , but not enought to spend money on this whole CD .
 I bought this album expecting songs to sing with the kids . The music is probably great , but I have not yet gotten past the disappointment of so few sing alongs .
 I bought this CD for my 3 year old son after seeing the movie and absolutely loving it ! We were so disappointed that we immediately returned it and got our money back ! The CD only has 3 songs that are actually sung and the rest are all instrumental . My son was so excited to listen to the songs he had heard in the movie , but when they played they -LRB- the main song -RRB- was sung by a different person and just not the same . I am sorry to say this was not worth putting a CD together for ... they should have just left it in the film for everyone to enjoy .
 first let me say i have the respect for evan in that he is one heck of a musician . that being said , he is not much of a songwriter . the songs bounce in between weak and downright silly . Horrible lyrics about `` one night flings '' and `` g strings '' make this album unlistenable . it sounds great but there is no substance behind the music . great for teenage girls who do n't require depth from their tunes .
 I 'm sorry but I still have n't received the CD ! Taking a long time at 4 weeks ! Cheers Steve .
 I 'm a huge EJ fan . I own all of his records . And , yes , at one time -LRB- when I was an adolescent -RRB- I thought this album was fairly solid . In retrospect I think it 's one of the weakest efforts in the Elton John collection . In truth , the only thing that saved Madman from receiving a one-star review is the album 's first two cuts . Not only is Tiny Dancer wonderful , it 's probably one of my top ten favorite EJ songs . As I 've mentioned in previous reviews that I 've written for Tumbleweed Connection and the self-titled debut , I think Elton was still in a period of exploration and experimentation -LRB- understandable , of course -RRB- . But oftentimes , exploration and experimentation lead to failed , yet noble , efforts . I ca n't help but feel that Madman fits in this category . However , I must admit my biases
 This negative review is mainly about the sound quality of the album , not the album itself . The album itself is amazing and I would encourage you to own a copy . However , the sound quality does n't live up to expectations . Yes , it may be detailed . But , while listening to both the stereo CD and stereo SACD version , I was constantly distracted by clipping on almost every track . Perhaps the multichannel SACD track is better -LRB- I have n't listened to it -RRB- , but I have little reason to believe it is since if they butchered the stereo SACD version , they probably did the same for the 5.1 mix.It is sad to hear such a creative masterpiece destroyed by post-recording mastering . It appears all they did for this release was turn on the dynamic compressor , turn up the volume , simulate surround sound , and wrap it in SACD packaging . If this was the regular CD version , I 'd probably give it 3 or 4 stars . But , since the record company desecrated the SACD medium , I 'm giving it 2 stars.All that being said , I would still own a copy of this album . If you care about audio quality , I 'm sure there is a better version out there . However , I ca n't tell you which release it is because I do n't know .
 Except for the title track I hated every minute of it ... After Tumbleweed Connection , which I still own and consider to be E.J. 's best album , it was a huge letdown ... There are some E.J.songs I 've liked from other albums , but none since Tumbleweeds that I can play right to the end ...
 Only a real Madman could make an album as horrid as this one . No wonder Sir Elton died in 1968 - he must have drowned himself with this album !!!
 With all respect to John 's proficiency as a pianist , this album -LRB- and any other with his name anywhere near it -RRB- is , and will more than likely always be , absolutely inexcusable . It 's like a sham that nobody 's seen fit to reveal as such . Horrid . `` Levon '' is the single biggest offender , by the by .
 I ca n't stand this guy 's music ! I admit I bought his albums up to 1974 , but got rid of them shortly thereafter , and never heard them again , mainly because they were all over the radio all the time , and I got sick and tired of hearing Elton 's flat vocals and Bernie Taupin 's stupid lyrics . Can you tell I 'm not a fan ?
 I love Joe Williams ' voice . Every Day I Have the Blues is great . But the quality of the recording -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It sounds like it was recorded in the 1920s . I regret buying this cd .
 Listening to this album is an educational experience in the history of American music for one reason and one reason only
 This DVD , the first in the Juxtapositions series of films on 20th-century art music , pairs two documentaries by Frank Scheffer in which the presence of Gustav Mahler is always felt.The subject of the first documentary , titled `` Attrazione d'amore '' , is Ricardo Chailly in his role as conductor of the Royal Concergebouw . As the documentary opens , we see him preparing to conduct Mahler , and the bulk of the documentary is Chailly explaining his approach to this composer . Chailly insists on recognizing the tradition of those conductors who came before , but at the same time he places great importance on the instructions that Mahler left for his music , as well as the contributions the musicians might make . Chailly is well-spoken and has strong opinions , and his obvious passion for Mahler 's music is somewhat engaging.After Mahler , other composers are mentioned . There 's a brief detour to Puccini 's `` Tosca '' , and then there 's some brief footage of Chailly conducting Varese . An American music critic is interviewed , and he lauds Chailly for turning the Royal Concertgebouw away from being a `` museum '' by adding Varese , Berg , and Stravinsky . This comment is fairly ludicrous , since all of these composers wrote nearly a century ago , and Chailly shows little interest in modern masters such as Boulez , Ligeti , or Carter -LRB- with the sole exception being Berio -RRB- , or contemporary stars such as Saariaho , Gubaidulina , or Lindberg . The effort on the part of the film-maker to paint Chailly as something other than a conductor of unthreatening old classics is unconvincing . The end of the documentary returns to Chailly conducting some older operas.The second film here is `` Voyage to Cythera '' , a collection of musings on the wild third movement of Luciano Berio 's 1968 work `` Sinfonia '' . The piece requires some explanation . It is written for orchestra and jazz singers -LRB- originally the Swingle Singers -RRB- , and in the third movement that bulk of the musical material consists of part of Mahler 's second symphony , though slightly cut up and rearranged . On top of this straightforward quotation , Berio has a tenor reciting from Samuel Beckett 's `` The Unnamable '' , the rest of the singers making witty comments , and the orchestra liberally inserting quotations from 15 other composers . My favourite moment is the comedy of the tenor saying `` I have a present for you '' and the orchestra responding with that big tutti chord that opens Boulez 's `` Don '' . I highly recommend the 2005 recording on Deutsche Grammophon with the Goteborgs Sinfoniker and Peter Eotvos.In this documentary , the concern is with how Berio responds to the legacy of Mahler . Berio is interviewed among scenes of rehearsals of `` Sinfonia '' , with the Royal Concertgebouw and the New Swingle Singers conducted by the composer . Ricard Chailly and Louis Andriessen also give their thoughts on the piece . It 's all fairly entertaining , but I find it rather objectionable that the documentary ignores the many other composers whose works came to inspire `` Sinfonia '' . Sure , when the aforementioned tutti chord is played , one sees briefly footage of Boulez , but there 's no discussion of how Boulez 's work fits into the 20th century tradition and what it means to Berio personally . Also , the entire documentary seems to be more a try at a cinematic work of art than as an educational resource . For those passionate about the `` Sinfonia '' who want to know more , David Osmond-Smith 's PLAYING ON WORDS
 Please be careful before buying this one.I give it two stars only for the sake of the first half of the dvd
 I ordered Moving Waves by Focus , and received a CD in the correct package with the correct photo on the front . However , when I played it , it was not the correct CD and did not even contain &#34; Hokus Pokus &#34; , the primary I bought the CD . Somebody really goofed that one up !!
 Aside from the classic , Hocus Pocus , and a few guitar licks in the last song , this is a really dull , derivative and unoriginal album . Not recommended .
 If you are looking for more tracks like the `` rock '' single `` Hocus Pocus '' , you wo n't find them on this CD . There is some good guitar work , but the cd is mostly slow and lathargic . Check out Gary Hoeys cover of `` Hocus Pocus ''
 This CD features Anthony Arizaga playing Christmas songs on flamenco guitar . That is it in it 's entirety . There are no vocals and no instruments other than the flamenco guitar . Arizaga is obviously a great guitarist , but it 's pretty boring listening to somebody play flamenco guitar for 48 minutes -LRB- to me , anyway -RRB- . Not much variety to it at all . The best track here is the `` Do You Hear What I Hear/Little Drummer Boy '' medley . I almost put it on a compilation CD I made for a friend of mine recently , but I cut it at the last minute due to time restraints . Here is the complete track listing for this CD :1 . God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen/We Three Kings2 . Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas3 . It Came Upon a Midnight Clear4 . The Christmas Song5 . Oh Holy Night6 . The First Noel7 . I 'll Be Home For Christmas8 . Joy to the World9 . White Christmas10 . Oh Little Town of Bethlehem11 . What Child is This12 . Silent Night/Away in a Manger13 . Do You Hear What I Hear/Little Drummer Boy
 DO NOT go by the reviews of this product , if you search all the zorba the greek music reviews in all the different zorba the greek products , you will find all the same reviews . So the reviews are NOT specific to this product.I purchased the mp3 thinking it was the movie sound track as it is also linked to from the zorba the greek movie sound track page , and some of the reviews state it is . But the mp3 's are NOT the movie sound track and do not include the movie dialog , to my great disappointment.If you are looking for just the music in mp3 perhaps the digitally remastered would be a better purchase.Zorba The Greek
 I just downloaded this album after hunting for it for a lifetime . The music is great , but where are the lead in lines between Anthony Quinn and Alan Bates ?? . Very disappointed ! Those lines are a BIG part of the charm of the original soundtrack album . Do n't download this album unless you just want the music . I would n't have downloaded if I had known that part of the album was missing .
 Back Biter 's Zorba the Greek Soundtrack has very poor sound quality . From other reviews I expected mono sound , but the CD I received has significant static and fuzziness .
 I first saw this movie when it came out -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , and I was only 7 years old . Wonderful film , great music . The soundtrack on this CD , however , is terrible . I have an cassette tape I made in 1975 from my record album of these tracks , and the tape sounds better than the CD.Don ' t waste your money . It is shockingly bad .
 I ca n't believe what I 'm hearing !!! This is the worst piece of music I 've ever heard.I 've also heard other Theodorakis Cd 's and it 's the same thing.Waste of my money.I think I 'll stick with my good old Ennio Moricone 's Cd 's . I prefer real music ...
 I am so sorry about this CD ! I love the soundtrack , I love Zorba the Greek and Theodorakis music , but this CD is completely mono . I have a couple of copies of the original vinyl recording . On the original the dialogue is mono and the music is stereo . Despite the cracks and pops on the original vinyl , the overall sound quality is better on my old records and the stereo imaging is wonderful vs. the mono one dimensional quality of this sad excuse for a CD . Amazon should check with the copyright holders , I strongly suspect this is a pirated copy and a poor quality one at that ! I would love to buy a true stereo recording . Meanwhile please make the mono recording nature of the CD obvious to buyers .
 Mono , thin , narrow band , with poor s/n level . I pulled out the cd and looked to see if it was a cd-r or rw someone had pirated from an old worn out 8 track or using a $ 1.98 microphone from Radio Shack .
 Although there is not much information about the product , reviews lead you to believe that it is the original movie soundtrack which includes some dialog from the movie . It claims to be exactly like the original vinyl record . Well ... it is not . Reviews claiming that it is are false and miss guiding The sound quality also leaves much to desire .
 This fool , can barely talk , let alone rap . Country fool , biting Bone Thugs style , lil chat sound sooo country its funny , People who actually have common sense , would know that Bone thugs , would rip thses carbon copy imposter fags in half , ... ya dig?This album probably didnt even sell 1,000 copies ... so what up NowE .1999 is where ya find me , slanging me llelo BABY !!! Chino , is te city where I come from so RUN Runnnnnn.Peace
 this is hands-down the worst cd i have ever bought . listen to tuggish ruggish bustaz and you 'll see why you shouldnt waste your money . if u want some real underground rap , check out baby d. BTNH 4EVA .
 this is hands-down the worst cd i have ever bought . listen to tuggish ruggish bustaz and you 'll see why you shouldnt waste your money . BTNH 4EVA .
 It was worth a try but it did n't happen . His style of rapping is alright but with his sounds and beats it did n't work . The whole is cd crap . I heard better music in elevators . In this cd he talks a lot of trash about Cleveland 's Bone Thugs-N-Harmony which is considered one of the best rap groups or all time . If you really want to listen to something with mad style you should turn to Bone Thugs-N-Harmony .
 Although it has the same name -LRB- `` Encore of Golden Hits '' -RRB- , the CD described is not the same as the one you 'll end up with . This happened to me and I had to return it . The CD I received was a later recording with a totally different song line-up than in the item 's description . Buyer beware .
 I liked only 6 songs from their album . I had to listen to it for a very long time in order to like other songs , besides their hit . I miss blink-182 . +44 is not good .
 I heard soooooo much hype about this so i bought it -LRB- stupidly without listening to any samples but the title song -RRB- . It was horrible , and im not saying that b/c i totally support Tom DeLonge 's work -LRB- Box Car Racer , AVA -RRB- . This album had only five good songs -LRB- respectively -- -RRB- 1 -RRB- Make You Smile 2 -RRB- When Your Heart Stops beating 3 -RRB- Lycanthrope 4 -RRB- 155 5 -RRB- No , It Is n't Every other song stunk Unless you feel the need to collect every album made by Blink members , dont buy this before listening to some of the sample either on YouTube or on Amazon . Im seeling mine on Ebay its a disgrace to my collection
 I bought +44 's first album right away , and was n't going to get Angels and Airwave 's . When Blink-182 was together I wondered what would Mark do if he had the lead vocals all to himself . I thought he 'd do a lot better than this first try . Do n't get me wrong it 's ok , but it 's nothing special . I know they were selling this album as the `` night sound '' but there greatest fault is sounding bored and tired . Where 's all the energy ? Where are the solid , interesting lyrics ? Know I realize Mark needed Tom to add some edginess and energy , and Tom needed Mark to break up his repetitiveness and bring a solid foundation in to balance off Tom 's vocal limitations . Please guys give us something more next time .
 Just bland . I sold it 2 days after getting it . I miss old school Blink 182 .
 This is Hawaiian music done very well . Darnall is a master arranger and player of string instruments . Most songs could be background music . However ! Over the Rainbow is pure genius . Unforgettable . I would use the word , haunting . I think Judy Garland would approve .
 This fool , can barely talk , let alone rap . Country fool , biting Bone Thugs style , lil chat sound sooo country its funny , People who actually have common sense , would know that Bone thugs , would rip thses carbon copy imposter fags in half , ... ya dig?This album probably didnt even sell 1,000 copies ... so what up NowE .1999 is where ya find me , slanging me llelo BABY !!! Chino , is te city where I come from so RUN Runnnnnn.Peace
 this is hands-down the worst cd i have ever bought . listen to tuggish ruggish bustaz and you 'll see why you shouldnt waste your money . if u want some real underground rap , check out baby d. BTNH 4EVA .
 this is hands-down the worst cd i have ever bought . listen to tuggish ruggish bustaz and you 'll see why you shouldnt waste your money . BTNH 4EVA .
 It was worth a try but it did n't happen . His style of rapping is alright but with his sounds and beats it did n't work . The whole is cd crap . I heard better music in elevators . In this cd he talks a lot of trash about Cleveland 's Bone Thugs-N-Harmony which is considered one of the best rap groups or all time . If you really want to listen to something with mad style you should turn to Bone Thugs-N-Harmony .
 This is a four star cd , do n't know why it only shows 1 star here . I have seen this band live 2 different times with Bugs Henderson playing along side John Nitzinger , wow what a show . I just bought the cd and love it all over again . Do n't pass this one up .
 Personally , I prefer my Middle Eastern Music with a bit more kick , and some asymmetry in the rhythms . These are classic standards , seemingly mostly performed by the same musician , played at a moderate speed with moderate passion.Pros
 this is a remaster ? I own thousands of cd 's . this is got to be one of the worst sounding discs I have ever heard or owned . The music and artists are top notch but the fidelity of this stinker ruins what I consider to be a great metal album . Do not buy this version .
 I bought this because AMAZON stated as follows : Product DescriptionJapanese only SHM/SACD paper sleeve pressing . Please note you will need a dedicated SACD player to listen to the disc.Well - this certainly led me to believe that this was a SACD disc . Which , it is not . It 's a standard CD and I am no happy at all . I would never have purchased this had I known this was not accurate.What a complete ripoff.EDIT - after a little more research , I guess , officially it is SACD . Come on . Claims to not play in standard player . Do n't know about that . Clearly , this disc sounds inferior - even if it were standard CD , I 'd be very disappointed . Again , I 'm reviewing the sound quality , not the music . All of my `` real '' SACD are advanced resolution and as such generally have superior sound . If this is advanced resolution ... . I 'm not buying it . If you want this for superior SACD audio , then please , do n't bother .
 There is a problem with this web-page . The songs listed are not all on this CD ... I was disappointed . Neither ` Cross Over the Bridge ' nor ` Old Cape Cod ' , or ` Allegheny Moon ' are on this CD . If you want those songs , buy another CD . Otherwise , the CD has some good songs , and all are originals of Patti 's from the 50 's .
 Let me first start by saying that I have been a huge fan of this band for many years . Despite all their BS , I was thoroughly charmed by their witty stabs at pop culture and well-crafted melodies . Their past three albums have all spent plenty of time in my CD player , and I was more than a little excited for the release of this one.That being said , this CD is terrible . It takes the band in an unpleasant direction of plodding mid-80 's synth-pop . Gone are the acoustic guitars and trance-inducing harmonies of `` Thirteen Tales . '' Gone are the unabashed and unapoligetically witty pop anthems of `` Come Down . '' Thanks to new producer Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran fame and an ill-advised collaboration with David Bowie -LRB- `` Scientist , '' one of the album 's least accessable tracks -RRB- , the band now sounds uninterested and uninspired . The songs are plodding , cluttered , dark , and worst of all , boring . Basically everything this band should not be , especially with the talent we all know they have.The Dandies have fallen .
 After hearing a few of the awesomely catchy songs by the Dandy Warhols -LRB- `` Boys Better , '' `` Cool Scene , '' `` Not if You Were the Last Junkie and Earth , '' and `` Bohemian Like You '' -RRB- I was hooked on the addictive sound of the group . So I took a chance and decided to buy the new album instead of 13 Tales From Urban Bohemia . BAD choice . `` Welcome to the Monkeyhouse '' sounds like the Warhols were forced back to the 80 's and are n't very happy about it . The sound here is n't trippy , it 's just narcotizing . It pretty much put me to sleep behind the wheel . The CD captured all of the annoying synth sounds of the era and none of the power . As one reviewer noted , if I had wanted to listen to some new wave , I would have bought the real thing , not a tired tribute.Some reviewers seem to think this CD has merit becuase it 's `` experimental '' -- well , that 's fine , but I wish the experiment came with a cash back guarantee .
 These guys have the corner on strange listen to me if you are curious music that most of the time makes you wonder if it makes sense , or if you are really entertained . I bought it for the theme song from Veronica Mars , We Used to be Friends , which is a great tune . I find it hard to find anthing else that matches up to it . I have muddled through it , but wish I would have found it elsewhere
 I like the Dandy Warhols if not why would I be review this ? I thought the first 3 cd 's were great filled with great catchy guitar riffs and dry humor song writing . But thats beside the point because when review a album that has the band doing a full 180 you have to block out everything you thought of the last albums . I did just that . I then put the CD in the Cd Player and listened to the first three songs after the intro thought to myself nothing stellar but it 's ok , then I listened to the scientest I started to bang my head against to the table . It was like a techno DJs nightmare also the lead singer -LRB- sorry I just blanked out and forgot his name -RRB- sounds like he wants to stalk someone through most of the album -LRB- I guess you can consider this stalker music -RRB- and it kind of sounds -LRB- the scientist -RRB- like U2 's Discotheque but worse . All in all this CD dos n't hold up with itself I ca n't belive I 'm saying this but if you want to get the only good songs in this album just download -LRB- like the songs We should be friends , the last high , or plan A -RRB- it because you will regret buying this album like me . I also feel sorry for the Dandys -LRB- leave being electronica or new wave to Devo please -RRB- because they try to be different with this album and it dose n't succeed of being that . It will probably only appeal to the club and raver kids , but it 's also an aqquired taste .
 Believing their own hype the Dandy 's have quickly descended from an innovative bunch of rockers to hey we 're BOWIE . Wrong ! This album sounds like it was made with an ancient synth and a microphone . The Last High is OK but one song an album does not make . One more like this an these folks will be back at Slabtown wondering where it all went wrong .
 I heard the first single , We Used to Be Friends , and I really liked it and then I heard I the next , The Last High , and I thought wow , this album must be amazing . Then I finally got the CD in the mail and I was pretty disappointed . The rest of the album is n't as good , in my opinion , as those 2 singles . The songs are just sort of forgetable or annoying , granted some tracks do have their moments . When I heard they collabed with David Bowie , I really thought the song would have been better but if you listen to the track , Scientist , um yeah a disappointment . Then again I do n't think Bowie has done much recently.I really like the 2 previous albums and I think out of all of their albums , 13 Tales was probably the best . You should try to hear at song other than Last High or Used to be Friends to better gauge what the rest of the album sounds like.PS
 I have no problem with a group experimenting , being creative , or going in a different direction ... but this CD is completely void of anything memorable.Silly , unfunny , incoherent , jumbled , uncreative ... all would be words to describe this CD . I loved the first two releases from them , but it seems their creative energy has turned into some kind of mumbled , electronica pop with no soul.Critics love the single `` We Used To Be Friends '' and that should tell you something right there.Trendy hipsters might elevate this release to classic status because of their lack of objectivity and general willingness to go along with whatever 's popular and cool - but anyone looking for a memorable , long lasting , quality CD should look elsewhere.I 'm sorry but this CD garbage , truly disappointing considering how promising and good their first two releases were .
 Concentrate more on songwriting , less on filmmaking . And what 's wiith the bong hit thing ? That 's so Beastie Boys . Come on .
 I liked ` Thirteen Tales from Urban Bohemia ' and alot of their earlier stuff , but I must say I 'm a little disappointed with this new electronic direction they 're taking . Other than one or two songs that I like , ` Welcome to the Monkey House ' seems to combine futuristic-type beats alongside guitars , perhaps a sign of a band wanting to experiment a bit -LRB- and perhaps a sign of the recent electroclash trend -RRB- Personally I like the Dandy 's which played high-energy rock and with swagger . Who knows , maybe this CD will grow on me , but as of right now , thumbs-down .
 I 've really liked the Warhols , and listened to every recording faithfully since their first . This album is unlike their others , but is that , in itself , a good thing ? Some people seem to want to give them points for `` doing it differently '' , as if that in itself were of value . Well , to this listener , the only thing that matters is whether it actually sounds good sonically and lyrically , and whether it actually moves me at all . To me , all three questions are answered with a resounding `` No '' . This recording does nothing for me except make me turn away from this band , and perhaps wax nostalgic for the time when they constructed and played music that really made me feel something , songs like Genius or Morpheus or Big Indian . Am I living in the past?Perhaps I ca n't see the greatness of this record , in the way that I ca n't seem to ever get into the majority of Radioheads ' music ? I guess I just do n't `` get it '' . And that 's ok ...
 THIS DISK WAS N'T LIKABLE AT ALL . I DO N'T EVEN HAVE A DESIRE TO LISTEN TO IT AGAIN . THEIR FIRST THREE DISKS WERE GREAT , AND THEY SEEMED TO GET PROGRESSIVLY BETTER . THEY REINVENTED THEMSELVES EACH TIME . HOWEVER , THIS NEW RECORDING WAS A TOTAL LEAP BACKWARDS . ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I THINK THEY OWE ME FIFTEEN BUCKS . SORRY ...
 I only recently discovered the Dandy Warhols about 4 months ago , when i bought 13 Tales From Modern Bohemia -LRB- a little late seeing as it came out in ' 99 -RRB- , and these guys got me into the whole indie scene -LRB- of which i have so many albums to be thankful for now , thanks guys -RRB- . That album was so good , it played through incredibley with great instramental music , and each song worked into the next , something i have n't been able to appreciate since Pink Floyd . They took everything i loved about them and fed it to a really fat women along with a couple angry crabs , gasoline , a live blender , and out she -LSB- vomited -RSB- this . WHY WHY DID YOU HAVE TO TAKE THIS DIRECTION . Now about this album itself , there are about two-three good songs , nothing great , and definitely not a solid album . In short if you loved the Dandys last CD be set up for a dissapointment . The Dandy Warhols , R.I.P. this day of our lord , August 19 , 2003 .
 I 'd rather listen to someone puking for 17 hours than to ever have to listen to this prefabricated , push the buttons , robotic schlock again .
 Sounds fine on my CD player , but it -LRB- a -RRB- completely freezes up my desktop and -LRB- b -RRB- has distorted playback in iTunes and WMP on my laptop . Also sounds like crap when I try to rip it for use on my iPod.Conclusion
 I bought this albumn in hopes of something a little greater . I first heard this band off of some soundtrack , and thought it was really catchy , but when i then purchased their newer albumn a week later , I was greatly disappointed . I do n't say this about many albumns I own , but I believe it was a waste of money .
 The Dandy Warhols , if you have not heard them before , manage somehow to be incredibly creative while borrowing everyone else 's sound . Generally they get away with is , adding just enough of their own style to other 's originiality . It 's good stuff . Their last album was unbelievably good.However ... this album is not good . It 's not for lack of trying . It certainly follows their format and borrows heavily -- this time from the mid 80 's New Wave era . The problem is that is jut does n't suit * them * . They simply are not all that great at reproducing that sound or making it believable . If `` Heroin is so Passe '' and `` Bohemian Like You '' were part of a modern , trendy-urban , tongue-in-cheek comment on gen x and y , then `` We Used to be Friends '' -LRB- this year 's single -RRB- adds nothing to this . It takes the joke too far , and ultimately that 's where the album fails as a whole.The problem with Monkey House is not that it takes itself too seriously . That would be a bigger problem for the Dandy Warhols . It 's that it does n't take itself seriously at all ; it 's far too dumbed down . We know that a band like the Dandy Warhols smokes pot -- we do n't need them to actually sing a song about it.Musically , the album is the most consistent they 've released , but that is n't a good thing . Their last release was all over the map , and it was a blast of a ride . Their previous albums have all been helter-skelter efforts and they have all been amazing works . Monkey House stays comfortably within the 80 's sound , and never varies . If you like it , then the whole album works . Personally I think they do shoegazer better than 80 's pop , but even if you enjoy the sound ... if you know the Dandy Warhols you just keep waiting through the duration of the CD for them to venture into a different sound.Pass this one up and get 13 Tales . You wo n't be disappointed .
 The Dandy Warhols have been one of the great little bands to keep an ear on the past few years . Their sound has slowly evolved and their efforts have improved steadily with each album . Sadly , anyone who 's come to know and love the guitar driven , quasi-trippy rock sound the Dandy 's were building toward in past few albums is in for a huge dissapointment with this effort.There is only one way to describe this carwreck of a recording - bad , rehashed 1982 synth-pop . It 's almost like the Dandy 's watched too many early episodes of VH1 's `` I Love the 80 's '' and it somehow sapped them of everything they had learned about making good , distinctive , catchy music . They did n't even rip off what was considered good about the era 's music . Everything seems strangely downbeat and depressing - it 's full of lame , fake drum beats , uninspired synth and irritatingly simple , droning lyrics about nothing at all . Although some of the songs are decent -LRB- Rock Bottom , The Last High -RRB- there is no single song that stands out.Basically , if I wanted to hear ... 80 's music , I would have bought Flock of Seagulls or Men Without Hats .
 After the killer releases Thirteen Tales from Urban Bohemia -LRB- which made Country good -RRB- and Come Down -LRB- throwback to British Rock -RRB- , the Dandy Warhols come out with `` Welcome to the Monkey House '' . Gone is the country-rock , gone are those classy hooks and stoner-like grooves - now the Dandies have brought Duran Duran and other 80 's like sensibilities to their world.When this CD is good - it is brilliant . `` We Used to Be Friends '' is 80 's throwaway pop at its best . But when the CD - it is just plain boring . Some tracks like Plan A seem to go on forever.Overall - this is disappointing that it is a Dandy Warhol CD - considering their heritage for making classic CDs , tinged with a bit of sexual ambiguity.But this is plain boring . Dandy Warhols - what went wrong ?!
 The only reason that I bought this was for the song `` Cherry Bomb '' and even that was disappointing . Jayne County did a much better version . And yes , the lyrics are pathetic and the music predictable . This will definately be going into my resell pile .
 These guys are middling proficient performers , but what really kills this is the awful songwriting . Hard to conceive of worse songs if they had tried for it .
 It just absolutely baffles me how a band can go from one of the most exciting and powerful rocking bands at the end of the 90 's , to one of the most lackluster and drab of today . When I first heard `` Swim '' and `` Polythene '' I was completely floored how creative Feeder sounded . There were catchy songs -LRB- `` Polythene Girl '' , `` Cement '' , `` Sweet 16 -RRB- , heavy songs -LRB- `` Descend '' , `` Stereo World '' , `` World Asleep -RRB- and there were some slow songs that actually had feeling -LRB- `` High '' , `` Suffocate '' , `` Forgive '' -RRB- . It seemed around the turn of the century that Feeder were progressing to a more pop-oriented style , but still had some great rockers on `` Yesterday Went Too Soon '' and `` Echo Park '' . That , I could deal with because there was something for everyone . When `` Comfort In Sound '' came out it was apparent Feeder decided to ditch their edge and orginality for commonplace pop . Obviously it worked since their album sales for C.I.S. went sky high . I was praying that `` Pushing The Senses '' would see Feeder returning to their roots , what made them one of my favorite bands . I could n't have been more wrong ! P.T.S. definitely leaves right off wear C.I.S. ended ... with total boredom and sluggishness . At this stage Feeder seems to have completely evolved into Goo Goo Dolls on barbiturates . The rock has been sucked completely out of their veins and replaced with molasses . Most of the tracks find the band trying to see how possibly slow they can play a song . To me `` Tumble and Fall '' , `` Tender '' , `` Frequency '' , `` Pain On Pain '' and `` Dove Grey Sands '' are all the same song . Perfect for putting me to sleep . The only semblance of something positive on the album are `` Feeling the Moment '' and `` Pushing the Senses '' which actually sound good . There is actually some vitality in `` Pilgrim Soul '' but that comes to a screeching halt with the last 2 snoozers on the album . All the new school Feeder fans who lovethis kind of wimpy , ho-hum pop surely are reveling in this album . I ca n't see how any of the original hardcore fans could enjoy P.T.S. Unfortunately , Feeder has sold out . I ca n't say I blame them , but it surely is disappointing to see one of my favorite bands become a shadow of their former selves .
 I 've long had a crush on Eleanor Powell , and I have the copies of all of her movies and I know well the author of the best biography of this fabulous dancing star . But this soundtrack is seriously flawed and I can not find out who makes it . Track 2 -LRB- `` Feelin ' '' -RRB- is sung not by that leggy Powell , but by June Knight and Robert Taylor . All other songs credited to Eleanor Powell were actually sung by Majorie Lane . Ms. Powell lip-synched songs in all movies she starred in from 1935 on . She sang a couple of short ditties before 1935 . After track 15 of the 1940 movie , the finale -- a reprise of the `` I 've got my eyes on you '' song -- is completely omitted . Audio quality is not good . This is a sloppy production . Someone is degrading the reputation of one of the best musicals ever made and it 's insulting to the fine cast and crew , in particular to Fred Astaire , George Murphy and that fabulous and divine creature with the best legs God ever put on a woman .
 I had to stop and say something about this recording , a real low spot from an otherwise talented young violinist . I own several Gringolts discs -LRB- his Paganini and Tchaikovsky readings are really satisfying , I thought -RRB- and I have been happy with all of them until this
 I purchased this CD for one favorite song and that 's what I received . The rest of the songs on this CD really are terrible . I believe this group make their bucks on one piece .
 I 'd love to hear an album of new songs of just Tony Bird and his guitar and voice , sans all the political palaver about South Africa -LRB- the man lives in Manhattan , gim me a break -RRB- ! But talented he is . I hope he 'll one day be well enough to work again .
 I tried to get through this CD again the other day , but could n't . Miss Dalys voice makes Carol Channing sound like Maria Callas . One to miss .
 For years I 've wanted a CD of the wonderful Call Me Madam musical . And , I 've wanted to view the movie again , but it apparently is n't on VCR or cable . In the Tyne Daly CD , Daly sounds like she had been carousing for three days and nights , did a quick once-over runthrough with the orchestra , and recorded . She sounds tired , more laid-back than Peggy Lee , and disinterested in the entire production -- perhaps because it was n't a real show in the conventional sense , with sets , props , and costumes.The other vocalists are also singing by rote , totally devoid of emotion . And finally , the orchestra is very thin , almost like a band from a junior college drama department production . Aarrgh ! But , it 's better than nothing at all .
 A belter should have a brash , pingy and IN TUNE sound . Tyne Daly can not sustain a pitch without a serious dip in intonation to save her life . She does okay as long as the line keeps moving , but G * d forbid she should have to hold a note . She ruined the ON THE TOWN recording , particularly `` Some other time '' for the very same reason .
 IT IS JUST TOO BAD THAT DECCA WOULD N'T RELEASE ETHEL MERMAN TO RECORD THE ORIGIANL BROADWAY CAST ALBUM . EVEN THOUGH THE SCORE FROM CALL ME MADAM IS VERY GOOD WITH A LOT OF GREAT MERMAN SONGS , TYNE DALY RUINS THIS OTHER WISE NICE CAST ALBUM . THE REST OF THE CAST IS VERY GOOD AND ALL THE SONGS ARE HERE , EXCEPT MERMAN . THATS WHERE THE TROUBLE IS . I KNOW TYNE DALY IS A VERY GOOD ACTRESS , BUT SHE IS VERY LIMITED IN THE VOICE DEPARTMENT . SHE DID A FINE IN GYPSY BECAUSE THE SONGS WHERE NOT AS CHALLENGING . SHE COULD TALK MOST OF THE SONGS . NOT HERE AND IT SHOWS AND SPOILS THE WHOLE ALBUM . THEY SHOULD HAVE USED RITA McKENZIE . SHE DID A GREAT JOB WITH EHTEL MERMAN 'S BROADWAY AND SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT ON THIS ALBUM . IT 'S TOO BAD IT IS THE ONLY CAST ALBUM OF THIS SHOW ON CD . THE DECCA ABLUM OF MERMAN SINGING THE SONGS IS GOOD , BUT NOT THE WHOLE SCORE AND NOT THE WAY IT WAS SUNG IN THE ORIGIAL SHOW . THE RCA CAST ALBUM NOT ON CD HAS DINAH SHORE DOING THE LEAD AND SHE IS JUST AS BAD AS TYNE DALY , ONLY SHE HAS A NICE VOICE , BUT SANG THE SONGS LIKE SHE WAS SITTING BY A PIANO IN A LOUNGE . MAYBE SOMEDAY THEY WILL RECORD ANOTHER CAST ALBUM WITH SOMEONE WHO COULD SING . I GUESS WE WILL JUST HAVE TO LISTEN TO THE OLD DECCA ALBUM FOR NOW , OR MAYBE THEY WILL RELEASE THE ORIGINAL MOVIE SOUNDTRACK ON CD .
 BOUGHT CD AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT , CAME IN MAIL CASE WAS CRACKED IN MANY PLACES . WILL NOT BUY FROM HERE AGAIN .
 I first heard this is my beloved in the 60 's on a radio show named The Real McCoy -LRB- Sid McCoy -RRB- . Laurence Harvey set the poem by Walter Benton to lyric , accompanied by Herbie Mann . This is the original recording . A year or so later , Arthur Prysock ' version was realeased and does not do justice to the original . You can feel the love & the lost of a true love in Laurence Harvey/w Herbie Mann 's version . You can also start or rekindle a deeper love affair while making love to this original version . Arthur Prysock does not even come close to this .
 As a poet , I was enraptured with the book . Written in the 40 's , I can still pick it up and say `` Wow ! `` But to listen to this guy reading an excerpt ... makes my soul shrivel . Get the book ; forget the recording .
 I first heard this is my beloved in the 60 's on a radio show named The Real McCoy -LRB- Sid McCoy -RRB- . Laurence Harvey set the poem by Walter Benton to lyric , accompanied by Herbie Mann . This is the original recording . A year or so later , Arthur Prysock ' version was realeased and does not do justice to the original . You can feel the love & the lost of a true love in Laurence Harvey/w Herbie Mann 's version . You can also start or rekindle a deeper love affair while making love to this original version . Arthur Prysock does not even come close to this .
 Anyone who expects to hear the words of Walter Benton flowing from the heart of someone in love will be as mightily disappointed as I the first time I put this disc in my player . Ron Pearlman , reading love poems for his `` Beauty and the Beast '' CD , knows how to read romantic poetry ; Arthur Prysock should stick to jazz . The music selected for background and the oft-mispronounced words that seem sometimes to be pushed unwillingly from Prysock 's mouth , do not lend themselves to romance at all.I suppose having had the poems read to me a long time ago by someone who knew how to read romantic phrases influenced my expectations for this rendition by Prysock . I expected to close my eyes , drift into the sensuous world Benton paints to express his love for Lillian and to be left teary-eyed when I finished . Instead , I winced at the inappropriately loud , raucous music and the monotonous reading , aghast that Prysock somehow received permission from the publishers of Benton 's work to deliver them thus . In a phrase
 I ended up here because I was trying to see if Laurence Harvey 's version of This Is My Beloved is available on CD . Alas , it does not appear to be . I am one of the lucky ones who ran across another vinyl of it a few years ago many years after losing my first copy and am listening to it as I write . As much as I love Arthur Prysock 's voice , no one can TOUCH Harvey 's version of this book and I have both ! I would suggest checking stores that specialize is used/out of print albums for Harvey 's version . No disrespect to Prysock , but you 'll never listen to it the same way again !
 I can only compare this to the Laurence Harvey LP that I lost 20 some-odd years ago , and it is a poor imitation . It becomes apparent immediately that Mr. Prysock is an amateur when it comes to dramatic reading . This poem requires a skilled professional , such as Mr. Harvey , to provide the tonal nuances and subtle changes of cadance that bring these words to life . Also , the music is inappropriate and in many places overpowers the speaker . Use your money to buy the book .
 The Beatles were good , no doubt . This has some interesting things , but the best thing about it is the innovations and the way it pointed to the rest of psychedelia , concept albums , album art , and frankly the use of noise in mainstream rock music . All those things were done better , and I mean MUCH better , by the likes of the Velvet Underground , Mothers of Invention , Hapshash and the Coloured Coat , The Godz , Hendrix , etc. . early Beatles , dated as they sound , are still a kick . Later stuff kept one foot in psychedlia , but backed the other one up into their rawer roots , and produced The White Album , with superior results . It 's been hip to say Sgt. Pepper is the greatest album of all time for , uh , all time -LRB- it seems -RRB- , and it was probably as influential as any album in rock History -LRB- with the noteable exceptions of `` Elvis Presley '' and `` Meet the Beatles '' -RRB- . 2 stars , but I ca n't entirely say it 's a waste . The title track is good hard rock , and `` A Day in the Life '' while not the greatest song ever , has some really noisy moments . `` Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds '' recalls the teenage feel of the early Beatles , well , ALMOST . After that , it 's a little dull , especially for the Beatles .
 Rating this album as two stars may be heresy to most , but when the hype surrounding this record is stripped , we 're left with an album that is no where near the best of the Fab 4 's output . Allowances are often made due to the `` experimental '' nature of this album . How ground-breaking is Sgt. Pepper 's , though ? Pet Sounds made far more important advances in harmonic structure , and The Velvet Underground and Nico -LRB- recorded in 1966 but released in ' 67 -RRB- was far more subversive and interesting in its textures and lyrical content . Frankly , this record contains many well-arranged pieces based on the repetition of forgettable melodies.I find it interesting that when musicians are asked for their favorite Beatles Album , it is Revolver and Abbey Road that dominate . Why then do critics and casual listeners consistently rate Sgt. Peppers and The White Album # 1 ? I believe that a lot of the `` breakthrough '' claims placed on these two albums rely heavily on the general populace 's ignorance of lesser-known works that influence many musicians and artists.In my opinion , the Beatles were at their best writing blues-derived pop and rock songs . To be fair , had they not made these `` experimental '' forays , we 'd have had 30-odd years of `` Love Me Do '' cover bands . That said , the sixties are the nexus from which springs the dichotomy of american popular music -- artistic versus the business model of pop . Give the Beatles credit , they refused to sacrifice the former to the latter . But they did this from the beginning -- the change from pop to art happened not on the production side , but in the reception . Rock was not considered art because it did not conform to European concepts of art music . Sgt. Pepper 's married strands of traditional European styles to the base of blues and rock that the Beatles loved so much . It 's still a good album , in the grand scheme of things . It 's just that among the Beatles other records , it stands as a pretty weak example of the ouvre . Buy this album , but only after you buy the records mentioned above .
 The only thing I cared about when I picked up the new remastered version of Sgt. Pepper was getting to the reprise and finding out if someone finally had the sense to restore the missing elements of the reprise lost since the original mono LP release . They did n't . The reprise of `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' is supposed to be the great rock and roll lead-in to our huge finale , and it is absolutely essential to have - in fact , the whole effect hinges upon - Paul McCartney yelling his head off at the end . With that missing , the song is ruined and it remains so.I have n't found out yet on these `` remasters '' if they 've restored the missing harmonica on `` Thank You Girl '' or thrown out that horrid dry guitar on `` I Feel Fine '' and `` She 's a Woman '' ... if not , we 'll have to rely on those otherwise unnecessary Capitol version CD releases , but as for Sgt. Pepper ... no salvation .
 As is noted at least weekly in these reviews , Sgt. Pepper is perenially overrated by Rolling Stone , VH1 and other polls . This is largely due to the nostalgia of the times by the polling audience as opposed to the music itself . The title track is actually good and the close of the album is good , but there are too few bright spots in between .
 This receives 2 stars from me in the context of what The Beatles are capable of . Any other band recording this would receive 4 stars . As a young -LRB- 21 yrs -RRB- Beatles fan , I have spent the last 3 years constantly listening to every Beatles album , and have to say that I ca n't see what all the fuss is over Sgt Peppers ! This is the softest album they ever recorded -LRB- Paul 's concept and execution primarily -RRB- . A Day in the Life is undoubtedly one of The Beatles ' finest songs and is possibly one of the best endings to an album ever -LRB- closely behind Tommorrow Never Knows -RRB- . Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds is a dreamy , beautifully sung tune by John . With A Little Help From My Friends is OK -LRB- Joe Cocker 's is much better though -RRB- . Remove these three songs from the album , and you are left with some very average songs indeed . Also McCartney 's vocals do n't have the same range as John 's and his added influence is not favourable on the music . Rubber Soul has many classics -LRB- Norwegian Wood , In My Life , Drive My Car , Nowhere Man -RRB- , Revolver has some great electric songs -LRB- And Your Bird Can Sing , Taxman , She Said -RRB- Sgt Peppers definitely lacks a heart . Far from being the definitive Beatles work , I would place this well behind Rubber Soul , Revolver , Abbey Road and the White Album . For other young people considering a first album purchase of The Beatles , I would recommend Rubber Soul or Revolver . Or get Sgt Peppers if you are the sort of person who pretends to love Radiohead 's ` Kid A ' just to show how alternative and intellectual your musical tastes are .
 When my mother plays this albun she is ` all over the place ' . when mah fatha cums in da barthroom jibbering ` when ah get aulder loosening mah heir man , Years from now ' I think hees attit again.There is nogood songs here at all and there4 this CD is bleeding oreful !!!!!!! Eric Sykes . age 4
 Dear oh dear , was this really what my parents were grooving to in '67 ? Must say that Rubber Soul , Revolver and also Abbey Road have stood the test of time much better than the mixed bag that is Sergeant Pepper 's . I agree with one of my fellow reviewers that this album has been over-rated to quite a ridiculous extent . Songs like `` When I 'm 64 '' , `` Fixing a hole '' , `` Getting better '' really make for a rather embarrassing listen 30 years down the line . Guff is guff , even when it 's produced by arguably the greatest pop group ever . And it 's one of pop music 's more enduring mysteries how the hell that guff ever ended up on an album that also features brilliant song writing like `` Lucy in the sky '' or `` A day in the life '' . The notion that Sergeant Pepper 's was the first time `` a rock album was accepted as art '' is also nonsense of course . By 1967 , Frank Zappa and/or The Mothers of Inventions had already produced Freak Out ! , Absolutely Free and Lumpy Gravy . Surely these albums were a bit more than mere collections of songs ... -LRB- and sure enough , they were recognised as such by the more perceptive people in and outside the music scene -RRB- . In my opinion , Sergeant Pepper 's denotes the point where the Beatles left the field where they were unsurpassed - writing first rate pop songs - and made their first attempt at something more `` arty '' . 30 years down the line , that attempt certainly did not result in a masterpiece . At best , it resulted in a failed masterpiece .
 REMIX CHANGED INSTUMENTS AND VOCALS PLACEMENT BY ALTERING , AT TIMES THE VOCALS AND INSTRUMENTS RELATIONSHIPS FROM FOREGROUND TO BACKGROUND . SOUNDS LIKE THOSE DOING THE REMASTERING THOUGHT , '' IF WE MAKE THESE CHANGES IT WILL SOUND EVEN BETTER '' THE SAMENESS WOULD BE BEST AS THE BEATLES HAD IT JUST RIGHT . IT SOUNDS DIFFERENT , DISAPPOINTED .
 It is primarily nostalgia on the part of 40 + year olds that results in the high ratings for this album . The times were different and the cover of this album was a breakthough . Unfortunately , the music contained herein was n't so inspiring , as it is dominated by ditties such as With A Little Help From My Friends , Fixing A Hole , and When I 'm 64 , and supposed innovation on Lucy in the Sky , Mr. Kite and A Day in the Life . Other bands were producing much better music , and this record really has n't stood the test of time . Sounds dated . 2-stars .
 I ca n't comment on the music quality because I ca n't get it to play on my computer . The file format is . exe , not . wav or . mp3 or . ogg or any standard audio format . I ca n't believe they used a proprietary . exe format that only works with Windows ! I 've tried four different music players but the only thing that will play is the little video . My computer ca n't see the audio files to rip them to my harddrive , either . The same holds true for the remastered Revolver CD . Very disappointed!EDIT
 This is an o.k. album for its type and time , but great it ai n't . Aside from `` with a little help from my friends '' and `` when i 'm 64 '' -LRB- very kool and kooky instrumentation -RRB- this album sounds so much like a lot of other trippy-dippy nonsense and pompousness of the late 60 's . `` Lucy in the sky with diamonds '' - what exactly is that supposed to mean?I guess if its vague it must be `` deep '' . So reason most people.I just do n't get the whole Beatles thing.What 's so great about them?Their music is catchy but catchy does n't mean the music is great.Their music relied a lot on gimmicky sound manipulation and singing of subjects that the masses never get tired of lapping up like the taste deprived nitwit-philistines they are.I can see prepubescents and old hippies who never developed mental faculties beyond that of a 12 year old liking this music , but grown people who actually like this music are either severely taste deprived or are in need of listening to real music like Chopin , Duke Ellington , Debussy , Bach or any number of real composers.Life is too short and there is so much truly great music out there to explore to waste time on these highly overrated pop schlocksters whom by the way wrote music solely for the money and even thought of their own fans as a bunch of screaming , squealing morons.Not that they were wrong in that regard !
 Just a few observations on the album and the reviews.On the album
 This is a great CD - the sound is crisp and clean . If you have an older CD , then this is the one to get.EXCEPT.Whomever decided to save a few bucks by replacing a jewel case with a cardboard sleeve should be taken out back . The point of the case is to PROTECT THE CD . A cardboard sleeve not only does n't protect it , but it actually damages it . Wherever there 's a seam in the sleeve , the CD will get scratched . Wherever the seam is glued , glue will leak out onto the CD when the package sits in a hot delivery truck.This is what happened to me . The CD arrived scratched and covered in glue . Fortunately , the damage was on the data track , so I had a chance to listen to the music before I had to return it.I will avoid buying any CD/DVD/BluRay that comes in a non-jewel case like the plague . Sure , it is eco-hostile -LRB- plastic never goes away , it just floats in the great garbage patch forever -RRB- , but there 's no point in buying a plastic disk only to have to return it .
 I just bought this CD and I dont ' see what all the hype is about . My teacher always talks about the Beatles but they have no lyrical skills , my cousin Rodney is a better song writer than these clowns . I think they should remix these songs with 50 Cent or Snoop , then they 'd really get some fans behind them .
 Is the most over rated band in history . There music is not that and I ca n't find out why people are still buying there song . If you want to buy a good song buy I want my money backI Want My Money Backby Will Moffett .
 Is the most over rated band in history . There music is not that and I ca n't find out why people are still buying there song . If you want to buy a good song buy I want my money backI Want My Money Backby Will Moffett .
 If they wanted a little help from their friends , they should have called on the likes of Elton John . With CD 's like `` Victim of Love '' and `` Leather Jackets '' to his credit , he might have been able to rescue this sad excuse for music ! For the benefit of us all , stay away from this and all recordings from The Beatles , the most overrated group in recording history ! Hopefully Lucy will stay up in the sky where she 's safe from this album !
 Sounds worn and dated . Sounded good maybe when you were on drugs in the sixties but now , it 's drek .
 No , Just kidding . This album isnt worth the time the beatles spent making it . A truly weak and dissapointing effort .
 how nerdy is this band . here you will get some of the worst songs ever created . sgt pepper lonely hearts club band is a terrible song as is the rest of the album . only recomended if you have bad taste in music ie rap linkin park or backstreet boys type garbage . not even worth the 1 star amazon forces me to give it . singed joe fleck .
 i used to listen to these albums but i was allways aware of the paul is dead story.now , on youtube , when you type paul is dead 1 , paul is dead 2 to 35 there are too many shocking clues.i feel betrayed and i know you will too !
 Yo everyone . I listened to this CD and I was like `` where 's al the music thtat everyone was talking about ? '' I ca n't even hear anything good . It 's like old music or something adn it does n't sound like good rap or anything . I cant believe that people liked this hippy stuff . Go listen to some REAL music liek biggy smalls and 2pac Okay ?
 This album is a rip off Pink Floyd 's DARK SIDE OF THE MOON . The beatles copied Pink Floyd and this is the reason why Pink Floyd are better . Simply a weak and disgusting effort . Best avoided .
 Compared to most other Beatles albums , this album now sounds dated and does not show the Beatles at their best or most creative . I have to say it is one of my least favourite Beatles albums , and I would urge anyone not to make this their first purchase , try Rubber Soul or A Hard Day 's Night instead.Lucy In The Sky is a decent enough pop song , Fixing a Hole is quite good , but there 's little else here of note . It 's a bit of a sloppy album , and the Pepper concept is a little pathetic.I 'll get shot down in flames for stating these opinions I 'm sure , but I stand by them , it 's a heavily over-rated album . Ask a room full of Beatles fans what their favourite Beatles album is , and very few would say Pepper .
 Hi , my name 's Scott , I 'm 12 next spring I have been studying all Beatle litterature and theirown sleazy CDs and I have come to find without a single shotgun doubt that PMC was really killed beyond reecognition after the infamous carcrash that took his life on wednesdaymnornnng at 9 o clock.Listen , grandiose naysayers and other friends , you just ca n't go on pretending he 's still the same today as he was burns of the Past Age ' - the man is really no more , he is exit , finito , passed on to the merry pastures , he 's friggin dead.See why Heather Mills was so upset when she found out she married an imposter.Cheers Bob , here 's to ya!Scott
 I bought this remembering what I thought about the Beetles and boy was it a disappointment . My gosh they were n't very good were they ; rather amateurish and just not very good musically.The songs were good and I did enjoy revisiting the album which I had n't heard in over 20 years . But the one thought I came away with was that they were n't really very good and one wonders how they came to be what they became .
 '' ... they use so many instruments that no other artist of their era could think of ? ... '' No one had ever played of a sitar ? They were the first to use a symphonic orchestra ? The statements made up by people regarding this album are incredible . There are three good songs on this release . At the going download rate of 99 cents per song , I might buy this if it were marked down to $ 2.97 .
 The CD is totally worthless to me since it wo n't play in my computer 's CD-Rom . It has the Compact Disk logo , but does n't conform to the required standards for that logo - totally unethical ! I use my computer as my stereo , and never would have purchased this CD if I 'd known that the publisher does n't comply with compact disk standards .
 This should have been released as a single with side A - Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , and Side B - A Day in the Life.The rest of this offering is just mediocre - Within You Without You , Mr. Kite , Fixing A Hole , etc. . Anyone who says that they are just discovering the Beatles and are impressed by this is exaggerating . It 's just not that great .
 Sorry to offend all you Beatles loving Hippies , but the truth must be told ! The Beatles are the most overhyped , overrated , annoying band in history . Songs like these take no talent to play , they take no talent to perform , and they take no talent to compose.Formulaic and uninspired , the Lennon/McCartney partnership has concocted some of the most simplistic , uncreative , insipid melodies ever commited to vinyl . I 've often heard their music described as `` simple '' , but I think `` simple minded '' would be a more accurate description . After all , simplicity can be a good thing . But the Lennon/McCartney partnership did n't write any songs that were simple in a good way . Rather , they wrote songs that were just plain simple minded , both musically and lyrically . Twelve barre song structures , redundant three chord riffs , and some of the most brainless lyrics imaginable : `` She loves youYeah yeah yeahShe loves youYeah yeah yeahShe loves youYeah yeah yeah `` Wow ! The creativity really was rolling on that song ! As you can see , the Lennon/McCartney writing team draws heavilly from the classics , such as `` Mary Had a Little Lamb '' , and `` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star '' for their stunning lyrical complexity ! What ever caused their brilliant minds to think of those words !? Sheer lyrical genius!Can ' t you people put aside your nostalgia and start seeing The Beatles for what they really were ? They were nothing more than a juvenile acting , silly looking , musically amateurish garage band -- hand picked at random out of a hundred other no talent bands -- and forced upon an unsuspecting public by a bunch of fat , balding , cigar smoking record company executives in suits and ties . The fact that a corporate marketing scam like The Beatles remains so massively popular thirty five years after they disbanded is a testament to the power of marketing . If you pay good money for a Beatles album , than you my friend , are a sucker . Just like all their fans were back in the 60s ! I think PT Barnum put it best -- `` There 's a sucker born every minute . '' And I bet even today 's suckers being born right now are going to grow up to become Beatles fans !
 It 's a bit funny how people still rave about one of the weakest pop albums ever released , after almost 40 years . To tell the truth , there are only 2 -LRB- yes , TWO -RRB- stand-out tracks on this record , out of 13 -LRB- She 's Leaving Home and ADITL - they 're not very original , clearly stolen from Brian Wilson , but still quite pleasant -RRB- , all the others are nothing more than pale imitations of REALLY groundbreaking and amazing productions of the era -LRB- yes , Pet Sounds , yes , Freak Out -RRB- . Lennon and McCartney are often praised as genius songwriters , but I do n't think they were more talented than , say , those guys from Herman 's Hermits . I mean , you smoke a lot of dope and bring in a 40 piece orchestra to the studio and then you automatically become a genius ? NO . You have to write great songs too , pal . And these guys had totally forgotten to write good songs after about 1964 . Ignore this overrated crpap , and go and buy Odessey and Oracle or Younger Then Yesterday if you want to hear the real sound and magic of 1967 .
 It strikes me amusing how beatles fans nitpick other bands albums and call something like this a masterpiece . A masterpiece huh ? based on what ? A day in the life ? that 's a good song but most of these songs are just experiemntal . The rolling stones , the doors and led zeppelin made better albums than this and they 're not considered masterpieces . So stop bashing other bands albums to justify your love for the beatles . Definitly a great band with many great albums except this . And definitly a minus masterpiece !
 The songs on here are really funky . they have the weirdest songs that nobody really likes . i think that they had potential for this cd but they wanted to do something different . they sure did and it turned out to be bad ! sorry , just an opinion ! 2 best songs
 This band has long since been lauded as the greatest band of their time , but with a closer look at the 60 's era of music , it becomes apparent that the Beatles were surrounded by bands that were artistically superior to them . Bands such as The Rolling Stones , The Doors and The Who all displayed greater technical proficiency than The Beatles . The Beatles had some pleasant instrumental passages , but they seem pale in comparison to the transcendental instrumental passage of ` Light My Fire ' by The Doors . Out of all of their psychedelic music , none of it was as surreal and mind-bending as Pink Floyd 's instrumental ` Interstellar Overdrive ' or Jefferson Airplane 's hallucinogenic march-like anthem ` White Rabbit ' . While other bands used psychedelia as a medium to create powerful and original statements in music , The Beatles merely recycled circus music clich&eacute;s and molded it into silly pop music such as they did with ` Benefit of Mr. Kite ' . In terms of lyrics , they seem shallow and dim-witted when contrasted to Dylan 's poetry . Their messages were often trite and meaningless and reflected nothing of the revolution that was taken place during that time . Captain Beafheart , with his savage and seemingly demented - bordering on atonal - music of his masterpiece ` Trout Mask Replica ' , painted a vivid picture of the heat of the turbulent revolution during late 60 's and is a much more striking statement of that time than anything The Beatles had done . I 'm not alone here . The following passage is taken from a review of ` Lick My Decals Off ' by Lester Bangs - who is undisputedly the greatest American rock critic : `` I 'm gon na go not so very far at all out on a limb and say that Captain Beefheart is the most important musician to rise in the Sixties , far more significant and far-reaching than the Beatles , who only made pretty collages with material from the public domain , when you get right down to it `` Out of all the arguments defending The Beatles , I found none of them convincing . Most of these arguments do nothing other than illustrate very minor and insignificant technical innovations - most of which could have been easily done by just about any other descent rock band of the time . Whatever you think of these minor innovations , it does n't change the fact that The Beatles almost always conformed to the simple verse-chorus-verse format of pop music . They placed their entire emphasis on melodic vocalization - nothing wrong with that in itself , but , with the Beatles music , it all sounds really banal . Their melodic pop songs are , for the most part , only a small step away from ` Mary Had a Little Lamb ' . Their voices are nice-sounding and agreeable but , to me , their vocal ranges seem very limited and their technical craftsmanship is weak . The music of the Beatles just seems dumbed-down , overly simplistic and - like a like plate of macaroni - it can be consumed without any intellectual strain whatsoever . And I think that 's precisely why Beatles have risen to fame . People are taken in too easily by the Beatles ` charm ' but , with a closer look , it is evident that there is not much depth to their music . Serious art involves a tremendous amount of contemplation . But I wonder what there is to contemplate about with a ridiculous song like ` Yellow Submarine ' .
 This album must really be the one most overrated album of all time by - surprise - the one most overrated band ever to walk the earth . This is from the period in The Beatles ' careers where they could get away with murder ... in this case , murdering music . I never liked their vocals to start with . Even the huge amounts of reverb in this album ca n't cover up the fact that the guys could not freaking sing . McCartney had always sounded like someone squeezed his private parts while he was doing a vocal effort , but on this album his singing sounds more strained than ever . Lennon 's voice was only matched by his songwriting
 Come on , the greatest album in the history of rock ? I think not ! This was an arty farty experimental pop album at best . At worst it is over extravagance that does n't know what it 's trying to be . The Beatles are the most pampered and over indulged pop group in all of popular music history . Were they talented ? YES . Are they overrated ? Most certainly , and none more so than this album . Revolver is worthy of being in the top 10 of any poll . But this album never should be . When I am 64 indeed ...
 I ordered a brand new copy of the Sgt. Pepper 's cd . I paid the brand new price . I received a used CD . It had no plastic covering , and was labelled `` USED '' . I do n't think this is right . And there seems to be nowhere to complain except here .
 In 2003 , Rolling Stone declared `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' the best album ever made . '' ... Sgt. Pepper formally ushered in an unforgettable season of hope , upheaval and achievement
 With all due respect to nostalgia , if one is honest about it there are two -LRB- yes , two ! -RRB- good songs on this album
 Why so many people keep saying this album is so great ?? It 's nothing more than the great Beatles playing around with studio techniques and , consequently , losing all their spontaneous creativity . The sound is very bad , RIngo Starr 's drums are worse instead of better !!! Most of the songs try so hard to be great that they are boring most of the times ... I prefer even the album `` HELP '' or '' ABBEY ROAD '' . I admit that the album opened up possibilities for rock .
 The product -LRB- CD -RRB- would not function in any of my three CD players . It malfunctioned in the same manner on all three players . I can only assume that poor quality control on the part of whatever organization produced and or shipped this product allowed this faulty product to be shipped . I returned it .
 Had to return this item inasmuch as the embedded video interfered with the ability of my CD deck to `` read '' the disk . Player consistently identified the disk as damaged . Look for a version with no bonus video .
 The 2009 remaster is not worth buying unless : * You do n't own the same album already on CD . * You are an audiophile who is willing to pay big bucks for small improvements . * You like collecting stuff and want the cardboard and booklets that come with the new version.Everyone who is saying there is a dramatic audible difference between this release and the previous CD is wrong . I 'm not saying their opinion differs from mine , I 'm saying they 're wrong . That 's a strong statement , and I 'll try to back it up without getting too geeky.The Beatles remasters are a little louder than the 1987 CD releases . Music sounds better as it 's turned up a little louder -LRB- up to the point where it starts to annoy the listener -RRB- . Most people do n't have a way to exactly volume-level the two releases to compare them . That 's why they think the new ones are so much improved , when they 're only slightly improved . < geek mode on > Conventional wisdom is that most people can not detect a loudness change of less than 3 decibels . That 's not quite right -- most people can not detect a volume change of less than 3dB AS A VOLUME CHANGE . They can hear the difference but they think it 's something other than a difference in loudness . They think they 're hearing more detail , better bass , etc. -- and they are , because you can hear everything better when it 's louder , and you 'll like it better -LRB- up to that annoyance point -RRB- . When you go to an audio store to buy speakers , the salesman typically has a vested interest -LRB- commission -RRB- in steering you toward a particular speaker . The unscrupulous ones will set things up so their pet speakers are 1 to 2 decibels louder than the others . They do n't push it too far , or people will detect that it 's a loudness difference and ask to turn up the other speakers that the salesman wants to steer you away from.The differences between the old and new recordings are not large , and the new recordings certainly have n't been ruined by being made a little hotter . You can easily measure the volume differences by ripping the albums to your computer with a program that can compute replaygain values . The differences on most of the Beatles tracks are ... less than 3 dB . See where I 'm going with this ? The new recordings are louder , but not enough louder for many people to perceive the difference as a loudness difference.For example , the 1987 version of Come Together from Abbey Road has a track replaygain value of -2.88 . The remaster is -3.93 , or 1.05 dB louder . -LRB- In the replaygain scale , things get louder as the negative numbers get bigger . Many horribly limited modern pop recordings have replaygain values of -8 or worse . Uncompressed audiophile classical recordings typically have replaygain values near zero or even a dB or two above zero . -RRB- I ripped the new Beatles remaster to FLAC lossless format , storing replaygain values , and compared the new recording to my 1987 CD copy through a Logitech Squeezebox with Smart Gain enabled . This means I was able to listen to the new and old recordings at the same volume level . I also played them against each other with volume leveling off , and done this way it 's easy to see why most people prefer the new release . < geek mode off > When volume-matched , the difference between the old CDs and the new remasters is audible AND minimal . And occasional . The most obvious difference is a slightly less restricted lower end.We 're owed better than this for all this money and hype . At the least , we should have gotten something as good as the Yellow Submarine remixes . Nobody who has heard Eleanor Rigby from that remix will ever confuse it with the original or prefer the original . Love and the Yellow Submarine remix and Let It Be Naked and the damn XBox game prove that the people who own the original tapes can do better and they know it.They 're milking us . Are you a cow ?
 Sure it 's really hyped up from the success but it 's still a great album . My fav 's are
 This is a worthless album . Why does everyone make such a big darn deal about it ? This is nothing compared to what Zappa had achieved by that time . Sgt. Pepper would n't even exist without Zappa ; his album Freak Out inspired it and outshined it by about a million miles . Do yourself a favor , skip this peice of hippie pop-culture B.S. drivel .
 Simply put this cd will not play on any of the computers I have so all of those additinal features that are in that QuickTime file are not accesable .
 There is some history that is still relevant today and there is other that should be recognized as influential in its time , then filed away . I own this on vinyl and have framed both the cover and the record as decoration . I never saw a need to replace it on CD , for the simple reason that songs like `` When I 'm 64 '' and `` With A Little Help From My Friends '' are badly dated , not really standing the test of time . On the other hand , another 1967 release , `` Are You Experienced '' by Jimi Hendrix , is still challenging musicians today . This cover is also on the wall , but the CD is in the player . Big difference . 2-stars at best for Pepper .
 Heres the thing , I LIKE the beatles . I like the majority of their music , im familiar with all they have to offer but iv come to a conclusion regarding this album . The reason ppl love it so much is that its EXPERIMENTAL . Its something ppl had not heard during that time , something grounbreaking . I give it all props for that , but heres the thing , it does not have enought hits to justify the FORGETTABLE songs that this album has . The majority of the songs are experimental but forgettable . It has a good overall feel to the album but we wont hear anyone singing half those songs .1 . sgt peppers
 There are some ok tracks on it like A Day in My Life but most of it is pretty poor , somewhat dated and a bit `` music hall '' . Not really suited to modern tastes . I 'd go ahead and buy it if you really like that 60 's music hall feel . Personally I like more heavy guitar type music like you find on `` Revolver ''
 I bought this album in 1980 . I was 14 , and , at the time , quite a big fan of Paul McCartney . I had been listening to `` Wings Greatest '' , `` Back to the Egg '' and `` McCartney II '' over and over and over . I especially liked the charming , spontanic feel of `` McCartney II '' . So of course , I knew I had to get a Beatles album . `` Sgt. Pepper '' seemed like an obvious choise . Boy oh boy was I disappointed . And rather confused . There had to be something wrong with my head , thinking that `` McCartneyII '' was a much better album than `` Sgt. Pepper '' .23 years later , even if I no longer dig `` McCartney II '' the way I did way back then , and even if few people will share my opinion , I still prefer `` McCartney II '' over `` Sgt. Pepper '' any day.I must say `` Sgt. Pepper first of all leaves me empty . Even if there are good -LRB- and even great -RRB- ideas on the album , I really dislike the hammering monotony the music is performed with . A lot of the songs seem to go on for too long , like there is a verse/refrain being repeted at least one time too many . There is n't enough variation in the performances , the songs do n't `` breathe '' . Just listen to what Joe Cocker made out of `` With a little help from my friends '' and you will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- get the idea . Then you have the self-indulgent , hopelessly overambitious songs like `` Within You Without You '' and `` A Day In The Life '' . Summa summarum
 I use to be a big beatles fan but even then i hated this album . Its kind of weird that i dislike Sergeant Pepper so much because I really liked the Stones Their Satanic Majesties Request and Pink Floyds Piper at the Gates of Dawn . To me those albums had more beauty and imagination . Sergeant Pepper is just very dull and cutsy.The songs are all trite and petty , the album has no mood and little atmosphere . The songs are so childlike that I cant imagine kids enjoying them.The main problem that I have with this album is that its just not interesting.Even the cover is dumb . It has no beauty or darkness , it is pure silly drivel . Even A Day in the Life is dull and well , lifeless . I appreciate the fact that this album broke barriers and helped turn rock music into an art form but that doesnt mean i have to like it .
 I understand music was judged VERY differently back in the 60s , but the truth is , without the Beatles ' name , this overhyped album would have long since disappeared and no one would remember it today!After `` Magical Mystery Tour '' this is the worst Beatles album of all ! It 's more like a Paul McCartney solo album with all the superficial , shallow blandness that that implies ! Even On John 's songs , you can hear Paul McCartney the record company hack systematically destroying everything that made the Beatles great ! No wonder Lennon retreated into Heroin addiction ! It must have hurt him to be SCREWED OVER by his old partner!Apart from Lennon 's `` A Day In The Life '' , most of these songs are simply insipid trash ! John would NEVER have consented to making an album like this back in 1964 ! `` When I 'm Sixty Four '' is perhaps the worst Beatles song since Paul wrote `` Yesterday '' . How anyone UNDER 64 could like it is beyond me!Beneath the colourful psychedelic soundscapes , most of the actual songs ca n't even be called rock ! You ca n't dance to them ! Even by 60s standards , SPLHCB is old fashioned , mainstream , mediocre and Middle-of the Road!Far from being a groundbreaking `` concept album '' , it is utterly devoid of artistic merit , meaningful themes , or thought provoking statements ! It 's only wasteful self-indulgence ! True Rock Music is supposed to celebrate Youthful rebellion ! This Tin Pan Alley cocktail music would put an entire retirement home to sleep ! In my view , the Beatles would never have lost an ounce of stature if they had NEVER made this album ! They would have been just as great without it ! Just because the Beatles recorded it does n't mean it 's any good!This album , when examined objectively 42 years later , seems to belie the radical societal and subcultural changes brought about in the 60s ! It could almost be a soundtrack for people who blindly venerated the Vietnam War ! It certainly had NO BEARING whatsoever on the era 's emerging counterculture!Even Pete Townshend criticised the Beatles for recording this snore-fest , saying that they were losing touch with the kids ! Were n't most teenagers at this time buying Monkees albums instead of this rip-off ! And , let 's face it , there are FAR BETTER Beatles albums ! Namely , `` A Hard Day 's Night '' , `` Rubber Soul '' , `` Abbey Road `` and , best of all `` The Lost Decca Audition '' ! `` Sgt. Pepper '' is a colossal BORE when listened to sober!Thank you for reading this Review !
 OK `` piper at the gates of dawn '' by pink floyd came out at the same time as `` pepper '' . They both sound the same except the songs sound the same from the beginning to end on pepper . `` piper '' on the other hand sounds completly unperdictable . The only reason people think this album changed music forever is becuase it sold more then others . But a lot of other records that came out at this time sound not to diffrent from this album . This one just happen to sell more becuase the songs were all too simple and cheesy . It is not origional at all !!! Listen to early floyd for some real `` psychedelic '' talent .
 I do n't get it . I really do n't . How come this , of all the Beatles ' albums , is considered such a pop masterpiece ? No , not a pop masterpiece - a work of art ? During the late 60s , there were a handful of albums that revolutionised the soundscape of the period
 I do n't see what is so great about this album it -LRB- -RRB- big time a guy from my work told me to buy it he said it 's amazing.I wasted my money one this junk piece.I would recomend buying The Velvet Underground/Nico now thats an amazing Album and a Great Band.I read in a magazine that Lou Reed hated this Beatles Album.I agree with him 100 % . People out there dont buy this LP its a waste of money.And probably the worst album from 1967
 Hi , my name 's Scott , I 'm 12 next spring I have been studying all Beatle litterature and theirown sleazy CDs and I have come to find without a single shotgun doubt that PMC was really killed beyond reecognition after the infamous carcrash that took his life on wednesdaymnornnng at 9 o clock.Listen , grandiose naysayers and other friends , you just ca n't go on pretending he 's still the same today as he was buried on high farm in Scotland ` all those years ago ' . Get over it ` Fans of the Past Age ' - the man is really no more , he is exit , finito , passed on to the merry pastures , he 's friggin dead.See why Heather Mills was so upset when she found out she married an imposter.Cheers Bob , here 's to ya!Scott
 I loath and despise this album . I can not believe the Stones were actually so impressed with it that they tried to copy it . They must have been out of their minds ! Thank god they found their sanity and recorded Beggers Banquet which is the greatest album of the sixties , a powerful , compelling masterpiece . But wait a second , I 'm supposed to be reviewing Sergeant Pepper . Well , its the complete opposite of compelling and powerful . Think trite , dull , and supremely overrated . This is understandable of course since everyone was on LSD at the time so they were probaly too far out of their heads to know good music . The first song on the album introduces Ringo as Billy Shears singing A Little Help From My Friends . If you 've never heard that song sung by Ringo then just think of a song in a Disney Cartoon and you get the picture . Actually , there is a better version of this song out there , I think Jim Croce or someone like that sings it . Anyway , the next song Lucy in the Sky With diamands and its all about paper taxis and a girl with kalidescope eyes . Actually , its really not that bad of a song.Next you have Getting Better and Fixing a Hole which are both so unforgettable that I need not mention them except to say that no , Fixing a Hole is not about heroin , its actually about someone fixing a hole on their roof . Or maybe in their life . I dont know.You get that tiring symbolism with the Beatles . Next comes Shes Leaving Home which always makes me want to scream and froth at the mouth it is such a nauseating and syrupy song.Next comes For the Benifit of Mr Kite which is about a circus and other than having a disarming childlike charm -LRB- the Beatles were good at that -RRB- it is really nothing special . Within You and Without you is George Harrison doing his India thing . When I 'm Sixty Four and Lovely Rita are silly and harmless which I suppose is how you could describe this whole album . Then Good Morning -LRB- another forgettable song -RRB- and finally after a dead end reprise we have A Day In the Life which has gained quite a reputation through the years . I really get nothing from this song . Beatles were always pretentious show offs and this song helps to show it . In fact , this album helps to show it .
 This is the album self-deluded Beetles fans love to point to as their work of genious . Lemon and McCarthy were alledgedly at the top of their form.Oh , come now!It 's a quaint period piece ; a relic of the sixties . The music sounds dated . It 's nostalgia , but nostalgia ai n't art!You 'd do better to get `` Pet Sounds '' , written , arranged , and produced by a REAL genious
 The idea of this being the greatest album of all time ! It 's a joke ! Before heaving yourself onto the `` Sgt. Pepper 's '' bandwagon , consider investigating some other , substantial music . If it 's art you 're searching for , consider Miles Davis ' `` Kind of Blue , '' a brilliant , more popular album that is light-years ahead of this corny , pompous horse dung . If you 're in search of `` rock as art , '' consider Led Zeppelin , a band whose best albums make this seem like the stuff of a middle school talent show . So please , before polluting my monitor with phrases like `` the best album ever '' and `` the finest rock in history , '' find out what 's out there . You just might be blown away .
 Release the Kraken ! The future of life on Earth is at stake ! Do it , or else we shall all die !
 Something that has kept recurring to me for decades -LRB- but I almost always hold my peace ... piece ? -RRB- : Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band sucks ... . as bad as any disco Bee Gees , ... worse , at least you could dance to that . ... and maybe even get ... uh . . lucky . But SPLHCB -LRB- jeeze , even the acronym sounds like someone losin ' their lunch -RRB- is the most overrated crap ever inflicted on the music-buying public - that 's millions and millions worldwide . Even me ... and I bought the CD long after I realized this . What a sap!Let 's think about this in an analytical fashion-1 . Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band - A jingle , a commercial , but any 60 's Fritos commerial has a better hook and more artistic integrity .2 . With A Little Help From My Friends-The oom-pah begins . Maybe Englishmen liked this kind of crap before they heard Bo Diddly , but this is 1967 , c'mon ... pure white bread with a little sugar . Joe Cocker must have recognized its wretchedness and so covered it like Coltrane ripped My Favorite Things . Not buying my bs ? ... Beatles : -LSB- Just listen to any one of the dozen old or `` new '' `` remastered '' releases that we chumps all just keep a-buying . -RSB- Cocker : -LSB- Do a video search for `` Joe Cocker - With a little help from my friends '' just like that , on that popular video site , the URL of which I ca n't post in a review . -RSB- Case closed on that one . -LRB- If you 're still unconvinced , you need a lot more help than your friends are likely trained or qualified to give .3 . Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds-LSD ? Lennon 's childhood ? ... Did Phil Spector sneak into the studio ? ... Who cares ? 4 . Getting Better-No , it 's not . oom-pah , oom-pah , speeded up and accented ... I 'm getting sleepy .5 . Fixing A Hole - It 's warm , it 's cozy , I 'm asleep .6 . She 's Leaving Home-Okay -LRB- yawn -RRB- . But Dylan said it far better three years earlier in just one line
 I just do n't get why anybody likes this album ! It makes everybody 's best of all time list and it is unlistenable . Does anybody that rates this or judges this actually listen to it or is it just considered great because of what it `` supposedly '' revolutionized . There 's only one song worth listening to more than once -LRB- We all know that 's A Day In The Life -RRB- . C'mon , Lovely Rita , I 'm Fixin ' A Hole , Lucy , Friends . This ai n't Rock and Roll and I do n't like it ! Give me Pet Sounds any day ! Give me The Village Green Preservation Society and I can listen to it for days on end . If I had to listen to Sgt. Pepper I 'd probably have to be sedated . God Save The Kinks !
 I had purchased this CD so as my wife turned 64 we could listen to the classic words of `` Will you still love me when I 'm 64 ? '' Neither of the CD 's delivered actually included the song with the original words . There were no words with the music . I was credited the purchase price back , but am puzzled why the version you stock is not the ` classic ' original ? Thank you if you can give any clarification . Walter Sleeth
 Call in critics , legends and biased fans . This record has been OVERBLOWN TREMENDOUSLY for ages and ages.It is entirely passe and lacklustre with mediocre themes and lack of continuity . I have always felt this record had been better left in the can . Fxing a hole is the only decent song if it were n't tempted at boring wallpaper music.This is a BAD RECORD , best avoided.Thanks for the review .
 hI to everyone.Im gon na say it like it is . This album is terrible and dull.Oh yeh and it 's hopelessly contrived and utterly passable.Let me count votes.I expect a 100 whining ` no 's by 12 o clock tonite.Bless y' all
 Call in critics , legends and biased fans . This record has been OVERBLOWN TREMENDOUSLY for ages and ages.It is entirely passe and lacklustre with mediocre themes and lack of continuity . I have always felt this record had been better left in the can . Fxing a hole is the only decent song if it were n't tempted at boring wallpaper music.This is a BAD RECORD , best avoided.Thanks for the review .
 Simply overated ! Imagine and Plastic Ono Band are better albums.If you want humor spend your money on a George Carlin CD .
 Maybe i 'm just too old but I bought this album due to all the praises it has received expecting to hear classic Beatles . I was very disappointed with it and gave it to my daughter for my grandkids . They did n't like it either & it now sits on a shelf . I really like the `` old '' Beatles & also have their # 1 Album which is OK . As I said , maybe i 'm just too old and the fact that my favorite music is Chicago type blues by Muddy Waters . John Lee Hooker , etc. might color my music enjoyment .
 This album is worthless . If you 're Born after 1970 then Dont by this album , This album is for OLD people . Please there are alot of bands better than these 4 dirty looking british scallys . I could Not find one decent song on the whole thing , I love old school music but this is horrible . Songs like `` Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds '' and `` Good Morning , Good Morning '' are Horrible and Unoriginal . `` When I am 64 '' and `` Within You , Without You '' Are laughable . Music is suppoed to be Entertainment , This album is boring and Worthless , When I listen to music , I wan na Be entertined , I dont Wan na listen to this worthless execuse for an album again , and by the way I checked this album out after hearing how Good and INFLUENTIAL it is , Sorry to break the chain for you beatles fans , this album is the worst album I ever heard . For all those looking for good old school music , Buy something from Marvin Gaye , Stevie Wonder and The Rolling Stones .
 Michael Jackson 's THRILLER blows this away with ease . This is nothing more than boring out of touch music critics trying to keep this coffee shop music at the top . Young people know what really grooves ...
 The Beatles are best yeah yeah yeah ... They are original and never ripped of anyone , not even old 50 's blues songs , yeah yeah yeah.Sgt Peppers is a great album , no , no , noGive me Celine Dion any dayOr Britney SpearsThat 's real Pop , this is noiseI mean they repeat the same song twiceWHAT A RIP OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why are they so rated ???????????????? Paul Mcartney is the biggest egotistical man on the planet earth and has never written a decent tune since 1969 , yet he is treated like God , COME ON MAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He 's an average guitarist , hell he 's not even a guitarist HE PLAYS BASE FOR GOD 'S SAKE !!!!!!!!!!!!! Celine Dion , My Heart Will go On , now there 's a song , it 's moving and makes you cry , could The Beatles do this sort of song , no way !!!!!!! And that Drummer , did he ever do anything ??? I ca n't even hear the drums , does Ringo Star exist ????? Wow he wrote Yellow Submarine , my 1 year old daughter could have written Yellow Submarine , and she plays the drums better too !!! John Lennon was the only good one but sadly he 's dead RIPOh and George Harrison RIP too ... P.SThe E stands for Expert !!!!!!!!! ADIOS AMIGO 'S
 DISAPOINTING . SANDY FARINA 'S SONG WAS NOT INCLUDED IN THE CD . IF I KNEW THIS , I WOULD NOT HAVE PURCHESE THE CD .
 It was disappointing to discover that this CD falls short of all the praise it seems to get in these reviews , but with songs like When I 'm 64 , Within You Without You , Fixing A Hole , and Benefit of Mr. Kite , I just have to be honest.Some of the other songs are good -LRB- A Day in the Life -RRB- but one song does n't save an album . Some Beatle albums are better , like Help , but this is only about a 2-star CD .
 This is a remastered version and it seems that not all the original songs are on this , also Paul 's voice overpowers everything else , someone should tone him down unless it was his idea hmmm ... . I will not buy any remastered versions again .
 The opener Sgt. Pepper , is a good song , as the Beatles have decided to copy Jimi Hendix ' distortion and style , but it 's followed by Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , which is NO psychedelic adventure.We next enter a lull , as Getting Better and Fixing a Hole are weak , as other reviewers -LRB- who nevertheless give the album five stars -RRB- have noted , but we get a little lift with She 's Leaving Home.The album then falls off a cliff with Mr. Kite , Within You Without You , When I 'm 64 , Lovely Rita and Good Morning . As other reviewers have noted -LRB- but still give the CD 5 stars because it 's the Beatles -RRB- , these are weak tracks.The CD recovers strong with Sgt. Pepper reprise -LRB- but its the same basic song -RRB- and A Day in the Life.Altogether , not nearly a great CD , but Sgt. Pepper and A day in the Life deserve a star . Oh well .
 Songs skip at random , purchased a CD cleaner with no results . All my other CD 's play perfectly . purchased the Beatles `` Hard Day 's Night '' had the same problem . In the process of returning both !
 `` Rolling Stone poll says # 1 album of all time . '' Who cares . Rolling Stone is n't much of a definite authority on anything , and the fact that they rank so many Beatle albums in the top 10 shows their embedded British bias.As for Pepper , it has n't dated well except for its reputed impact on music , which was n't as big as often supposed . The future of music was already being defined by others , including Jimi Hendrix.The title track is good , and so is A Day in the Life . Each song gets one star . That 's it .
 Bought this album with the greatest expectations . What a lack of expectations ... Of course it is good . AFter all , the Beatles are playing it !! . But , playing what ?? The album is so confusing , so much overdubs , tre drums production is awful . It 's no the beste Beatles album . So what for printed lyrics ?? THios does not necesarily turn all the songs in it into master pieces of pop !!
 It 's not that this album is so bad , it 's just not as influential as uninformed listeners and meaningless polls hold it out to be . An album with Within You Without You is tough rate 5 stars .
 This is a general problem I have with the entire Beatles catalouge ; hardly anything holds up for me . In the case of this and the White album in particular I 've realised it 's not as much to do with my repeated listening as it is with the quality of the songs . Every once in awhile it 's neccessary to dust something off and listen to it with fresh ears . Otherwise all you have is the endless hype from people chiming away with their minds switched off.It 's the critics who are to blame and a horde of fans as well for the perpetuation of the Sgt. Pepper is a classic , and the best album ever scam . Part of the evidence of this is provided by the Amazon critic on this page who like all critics wants to whitewash all evidence to the contrary to prove the indestructability of the Beatles and others . No one thought of music as art ? This writer was almost certainly in knee pants in 67 and probably took his music history lesson from other people who started the myth . Art and concept albums certainly did exist before then . And the Moody Blues put out a great concept album the same year . Sgt. Pepper by John 's admission is n't even a real concept album . This and the ` blindingly inventive ' idea of using cutouts of figures add to the hype behind this album . How can adults be so immature and excited over this ? The truly clever people like Frank Zappa for instance knew right away that this was nothing special . He was even right about it being a trend . And that trend lives on today , in the nostalgia for psychedelic swirly fonts and videos . Put these tracks on another album by another band and they will be called out for the average tripe it is at best
 This is the most painful album to listen from my remaster box set . It is full of silly and forgetable songs . With the notable exception of Sgt. Pepper ... , With A Little Help ... , Lucy in the Sky ... , and A Day in ... That is it . The rest are fillers . That is four great songs against seven mediocre at best . I will never understand the hype surrounding this album . It is regarded as the best Rock and Roll album of all time , a real masterpiece , a piece of art , etc , and it really is a let down to me . Rock or Rock and Roll it is not ; pure pop/bubblegum stuff . I dig the cover , though . I know the majority of you Beatles fan out there will disagree with me , but this is my opinion . You must admit , as I did as a fan , that this is The Beatles at their worst .
 Let me start by stating the obvious.Amazon reviews -LRB- such as the one you 're reading right now -RRB- are not written by professional critics . They 're not in-depth essays , they 're not artistic appreciations , they 're not swiftly-worded polemics , and they 're certainly not works of music criticism -LRB- or literary criticism , or film criticism , or wicker furniture criticism , or whatever it is that you happen to be shopping for -RRB- . They are tools intended to help potential customers make buying decisions . A good Amazon review suggests an answer to the question `` should I spend my hard-earned dough on this product ? '' Four and five star reviews say `` yes , '' three star reviews say `` maybe '' and one and two star reviews say `` no . `` When you consider purchasing a product , you are essentially asking yourself the following question
 I love music . I always give a new sound a good listen before I discard it and this album was no different . I was constantly surprised to see it voted `` Greatest album '' in all time lists and was intrigued to see what all the fuss was about . It turns out all the fuss was about nothing . It is a weak album by anyone 's standards , let alone the Beatles who have created Revolver , The White album etc. . A Day in the Life is an amazing song , everything the Beatles ' music stands for ... and most of the rest of the album ? Utter widdle . `` When I 'm 64 '' ??? That is a poor excuse for a song if ever I 've heard it . It makes sense listening to that how Paul could possible have put his name to that Frog Song . It 's music for kids . It is NOT music for those of us who want an experience to come from our lyrics and sonic scapes.I quite understand why many claim this to be the best ever ; because many of those who do were around when this came out , and it reminds them of a time in their life when it was great to be a little cool and hippy . That 's all well and good , we all love some stuff -LRB- that some people just do n't `` get '' -RRB- because it takes us back to a happy time . Well , for goodness sake keep it to yourselves . This is a supremely poor album , end of story . If you do n't see passed the gimmick that this band was peddling at the time this was released you are blind.Then again , I think the Beatles were generally somewhat overrated , certainly Lennon was . The Stones were much more `` real '' , that much is clear , even to a 23 year old like myself . I do n't claim to be the biggest Beatles fan , but they have written some absolute classics . This album contains one classic , a few good tunes and a whole lotta widdle . Avoid unless you wish to relive the ' 60 's and all that was bad with music back then . There were so many classics from that era , try them instead ; I suggest The Band , `` Music From Big Pink '' or `` The Band '' .
 The oom-pah band behind behind When I 'm 64 , the fumbling sitar on Within You Without You , and the orchestra behind She 's Leaving Home do n't exactly make for great rock music . Perenially overrated , this will always be a controversial album . Overall , many releases from the late 60s have held up much , much , better .
 I fell for the hype myself a long time ago , but it did n't last long . Apart from A Day In The Life and A Little Help From My Friends , who really listens to this anymore ? It 's pretty damn fluffy and incredibly pretentious at the same time . A triumph of production to be sure , but stuff like Lovely Rita or Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite have n't aged at all well and led to further silliness like Magical Mystery Tour . The most thoughtful track is George Harrison 's Within You And Without You , but even that is a tough slog to sit through . Antiquated and often cutesy arrangements are also a problem , and maybe a product of too much acid on everyone 's part . If you want prime Beatles , go to Past Masters , Abbey Road , parts of The White Album , and a couple of tracks of Let It Be . This is really overblown and not worth it at all .
 Afmitedly , though I am a huge Beatles fan , this CD is n't my favorite . In fact , I think it 's really overrated -LRB- * Brooke ducks to avoid the tomatoes being pelted at her face * -RRB- . I think it must have been a blast to make , and I 'm sure I would love it if I were one of the Beatles -LRB- and I 'm obviously not -RRB- . I just think that the CD is n't as great as it 's hyped up to be . Certainly it contains some wonderful pieces of music . George Harrison 's `` Within You , Without You '' is a very entrancing song `` Lucy in hte Sky With Diamonds '' is also a very bold , entertaining song . However , I do n't think that the CD as a whole flows very well ; it seems very inconsistent . The song list also is overly wacky . I also remember reading somewhere that This album was Paul McCartney 's response to the critical and commerical success of the Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds , an amazing concept album that flowed rather beautifully . McCartney may have been trying to hard . Seargent Pepper sounds uneven nad pretentious . I 've always admired the musical versatility , intelligence , and wit of the Beatles . The Beatles do n't need to try so hard to amaze us with excessively smug humor .
 `` If it were n't for Sgt. Pepper , progressive rock would never have existed '' ? . I doubt it.This is an OK album with a few good tracks like A Day in the Life that can be had on the various greatest hits compilations without having to deal with songs like Within You Without You . 2-stars .
 No , not the album - which is fair , but the herd of biased and unthinking reviewers that will give any Beatle album 5-stars , despite the fact they contain songs like Within You Without You , or Mr. Kite . Simply hilarious!As for Sgt. Pepper , A Day in the Like is a classic , but it alone is n't worth 5-stars .2 - stars .
 I love The Beatles . I am too young to remember them as a going concern , so it is not nostalgia that makes me suggest they rank amongst the most significant artists of the 20th Century . It is ludicrous to suggest they do not . I own and cherish all their albums . Even now I find it hard to believe they ever split . Why would anyone break up something so successful on every level ? It 's beyond me . Their brilliance lay not in their social significance -LRB- which will fade with time -RRB- but rather the breadth as well as the depth of their material . However one thing I have always found disagreeable about them -LRB- or rather the myth they have become -RRB- is the view that Sergeant Pepper is the greatest album of all time . In my honest opinion it is one of their weakest records . Too many of the songs are mediocre . Fixing A Hole , Getting Better and Good Morning , Good Morning to name just three are by their high standards ordinary , and that 's being kind . Another thing that irks me about the record is that the so-called `` concept '' peters out after a couple of songs . They do n't link , except in the most feeble manner imaginable . I love the Beatles and it bothers me that young people will hear of them and decide to investigate and because of its reputation make Sergeant Pepper their starting point . My advice is do n't . Get Revolver or the White Album instead .
 I remember buying this album and being confused . This is supposed to be the ` best album of all time ' , and i could n't hear or see that . I went on feeling guilty for a month - no , i 'm not joking . The album starts out very strong and ends with an epic song , but it is VERY boring in between those two songs . I 've said before that the beatles music sounds mostly like nursery rhymes and this is true here for `` with a little help from my friends '' , `` It 's getting better '' , `` for the benefit of mr kite '' , `` when i 'm sixty four '' , and `` good morning good morning '' . As a matter of fact , Lennon himslef mentioned how much he hates `` good morning good morning '' . It was a time when he had nothing to say , but they had to record music anyway . That 's not the only annoying song on the album , `` within you without you '' , anyone ? This must be the worst song put to tape by a major band , EVER ! I can go on with all the flaws in the album , but i 'll stop here . It 's just too much pain to think about these things . I gave whack pepper two stars for the first and last songs which are okay but not great by any means . I hope people who have n't bought the album yet decide not to after reading this review . That 's a good ten bucks saved , use themn to buy a zeppelin cd instead .
 Almost the entire album is mediocre and not worth a purchase . The lyrics and melodies are infantile and grating , not to mention repetitive . When I hear songs like Lovely Rita , or Good Morning , Good Morning , I cant help but think they are best suited for kindergardeners . The one exception to the album is `` A Day in the Life '' , one of my favorite songs of all time . This song is brilliant beyond description or compare , and redeems this album , making it a necessary purchase , unless you 're willling to tape that one song . Why this unbelievable mediocrity is so praised is beyond me . When you hear it I 'm sure you will agree .
 Often incorrectly highlighted as the Beatles ' most influential album -LRB- the early albums had demonstrably more impact in the future direction of popular music than Sgt. Pepper -RRB- , this album offers several interesting tracks , but equally as many weak offerings . OK , but not as inclined to be played today as the group 's earlier work .
 In my opinion , this was the worst mastering I have ever heard of a classic album . Especially a Beatles album . Vocals and instruments faded in and out or are missing altogether . Does n't anyone listen to these before they are sold to the public ? The poor mixing and production were no where close to the vinyl original in what I consider a blasphemy . I know this album by heart and as a long time musician I am sorely dissapointed .
 Far , far , far from the best album ever made . People say it captures the feel of 1967 psychedelia , but not as well as Hendrix 's `` Are You Experienced '' or Cream 's `` Disraeli Gears '' . People say it is the world 's greatest concept album , but it 's not even in the same league as Pink Floyd 's `` Dark Side of the Moon '' . The fact is that there are some good songs here -LRB- A Day in the Life , Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -RRB- and some poor songs as well -LRB- Within You Without You , When I 'm 64 , With A Little Help From My Friends , Fixing A Hole -RRB- . Average them all out and you get a slightly below average album . 2-stars
 I am sure that a perfectly pressed copy of this is quite wonderful . Unfortunately , mine were not one of those . I say `` mine '' because I have exchanged -LRB- 3 -RRB- copies of this already with no luck . I was able to hear side 2 without any issues so I know it can sound great . I have four other titles of this reissue set and I am very happy with those.The problems with the Pepper album seem to be the same . They all seem to be on side one . Most of the other reviewers have described the same problems.This is what I think the problem is . Most of the later albums like Pepper , Abbey Road and the White Album are the ones that seem to be having the most problems . I think that the pressing plant over pressed these records on worn stampers because these were going to be the most in demand . This historically has been a problem with hot selling records . No quality control just to get the numbers out . To the manufacturers , its all a numbers game anyway . Back in the 1970 's , I had to return 10 copies of Led Zeppelin 's Physical Graffiti before I was able to get a decent one when it first came out.Once the dust settles , I 'm sure a lot of these problems will be resolved and will go away . I am not going to give these reissues a bad rap just because of few bad pressings . I have heard enough of this record to know that I still want it . As soon as I can find another the plays properly , I am going to grab it.I have been buying these separately to avoid the problems with trying to buy the perfect box set.Update : I recently ordered another copy from Amazon , -LRB- 4th -RRB- copy . This was the worst one so far . I am beginning to believe that there is n't a good copy anywhere . I will give it another try before I throw in the towel.Final Update : `` Praise Be '' I finally was able to get a hold of a good copy of this title , and it sounds good . I was beginning to think that one did not exist.Although frustrating , I think that Rainbo should get another chance . All the other LP 's of this issue that I got were superb . What all this feedback is telling me is that vinyl is truly on a comeback course . A project like this should have been spread out among several of the pressing plants . It 's too much for one pressing plant , even for the likes of RTI and others to have the pressure of 100 % quality control . I do n't know how may vinyl pressings were actually done , but I am sure that it was way more than the normal 5000 to 10000 pressings that a regular reissue might receive . Let hope that if EMI decides to do another `` Mono '' reissue set , they will learn some of the lessons of this and spread the job out a bit.Mystery Solved?I had been wondering why I seemed to be the only one having problems with this pressing from the local record shops in my area . Nobody else seem to have the same problems.A recent event may have solved this mystery . I recently switched out cartridges and replayed my distorted copy of this record . For what ever reason , this record sounded fine with the different cartridge . The previous cartridge was an Audio Technica fitted with a shibata tip stylus . The new cartridge was a Pioneer fitted with an eliptical tip stylus . Both cartridges are in good working order.So if you are having problems with the sound on this record and you have a cartridge with a shibata or microline tip , this may be the problem . Those tips may be picking up distortion further down in the groove . You may want to try this out using a different phono cartridge . I would be interest if anyone else comes to the same concludion
 If Fixing A Hole , She 's Leaving Home and Within You Without You had been replaced by the best songs on Magical Mystery Tour -LRB- Hello Goodbye , Penny Lane , Strawberry Fields , All You Need is Love -RRB- , which was released only months later , this would have been a 4 star album . There are a few good songs here though . The best is Sgt. Pepper .
 I 've always been amazed how many people want to refer to this album as a ` work of art ' or ` concept album ' only because they 've been told that 's what it is ; not because they 've actually judged it for themselves . I 've also noticed that the people who show evidence of having thought it out realize it 's just a bunch of cartoony drivel . A couple of the mindless pop tunes are decent
 I am a big fan of progressive rock . What I do n't understand is how people can rip Yes , King Crimson , etc to pieces and how they can be barred from entering the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Yet , this pile of pop-garbage is hailed as the greatest thing since sliced bread . This album stands as a monument to the self-righteous , bloated image of the horrible baby-boomer demographic . How can people say this is visionary music , and in the same breath deride a true genius like Robert Fripp ? Face it , the Beatles are nothing more nor less than the 1960 's N'Sync . And why are all Beatles cd priced so high ? Because they know they can fool the conumer into buying this tripe . This disc makes a good coaster and nothing more . Do n't waste your money . Thank you for reading this .
 Rock ? Art ? If you want to call it that . Take it on its own terms . Do n't compare it to a symphony . It is what it is.And what is this music ? Whatever it is , it SOUNDS like something made by four musicians who given the studio time and an enormous budget came up with ambition . What 's it like to hear ambition ? Listen to this . Want to hear MUSIC ? Go elsewhere .
 I have always wanted a forum to express my views about this particular album , but , nonetheless , have been brutally silenced by those who wax poetic about Sgt. Pepper `` speaking for a whole generation '' and the `` melifluous nature '' of this `` grand work of art . '' If indeed this is a work of art , which gets into a discussion of post-modernism that is not particularly germaine to what I am writing , it is an overrated work of art . The propaganda machine that put the buzz in place about Sgt. Peppers was already well established in the U.S. by this time , and , considering the release date , it does n't surprise me that it received the attention it garnered . But give me a break ! Thirty-two years hence and people are still calling this one the greatest pieces of music in the twentieth century ? I can hear the moans from the aging boomers in their castles in the suburbs -LRB- on ground that used to be precious farmland -RRB- chiding me for my ignorance . Yet , I have seen your dream , I have seen what the countercultural haze left for my generation , and I realize that this specific piece of music rings of the same hollowness that this dream has become . Emptiness . Fatuous soulfulness turned into one-star Hollywood movies . All the dreams about turning back to the land and living peacefully with one another spurned for the big buck . This album , with all the hype surrounding it , speaks to me about how you boomers did not have the guts to live out the dream of peaceful revolution . It is an inferior piece of music representing an inferior generation . Peace be with you .
 `` Before Sgt. Pepper no one seriously thought of rock music as actual art . That all changed in 1967 ... '' . Says who ? To hold this album out as `` art '' any more than other leading albums of 1967 is simply biased.First , this is n't rock music . Some of it is pop , and the rest , well , is ragtime , Indian , etc.Second , the real `` art '' was being released by Jimi Hendrix -LRB- Are You Experienced -RRB- and Cream -LRB- Disreali Gears -RRB- in 1967 , which have certainly stood the test of time better than `` When I 'm 64 '' . The song `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' is great . So is `` A Day In the Life '' . You can get these on the Beatles greats hits compilations . And those are the only two songs you need out of Sgt. Pepper . Mathematically , 2 songs out of 13 is worth less than one star . Sorry .
 The Beach Boys , Jimi Hendrix , Nirvana , Stevie Wonder , Bob Dylan , Marvin Gaye ... all have albums that rank higher than Sgt. Pepper on VH1 's Best Ever Poll . I guess it just depends which poll you pick ? ...
 Newer Beatle fans just discovering the group should know that this 1967 release does n't strike with the newness of She Loves You , the excitement of the opening chords of A Hard Day 's Night , or the driving bass line and satirical wit of Taxman . While the Beatles led the direction of popular music from 1964-1966 , this release was off the mark , as Jimi Hendrix 's `` Are You Experienced '' , also released in 1967 , was actually the window to the future.The Beatles began to get back on track in 1968 with some good tracks on the White Album and closed strong with Abbey Road.Inclusive of tunes like With A Little Help From My Friends , When I 'm 64 , Within You Without You , and Mr. Kite , this release has n't exactly stood the test of time , and few unbiased listeners would rate this 5-stars for musical content . Nevetheless , it is n't a total loss as the opening distorted chords of Sgt. Pepper , and the epic A Day in the Life are very good.My advice to newer Beatle fans is to start with the first few albums , then buy Abbey Road and work your way back the middle if you have n't had enough .
 These remastered CD 's are a rip-off . You can not load them into your computer as a lot of people wish to do . The stupid documentary comes up every time . I am returning mine as the only way you can play them is on a CD player which I do n't wish to do .
 When my family used to play this sick old record I really had to laugh and enjoy myself tremendously as the recrod hit the inner groove `` we never do see Alice underwear '' or whatever ghibberish it said.CHANCES ARE a 100 out of 99 that the INNER GROOVE is skipped altogether from CD reelases which is a very sad affair !! The record itself is a narcoleptic misconception but I could listen to that inner groove for hours !!
 hI to everyone.Im gon na say it like it is . This album is terrible and dull.Oh yeh and it 's hopelessly contrived and utterly passable.Let me count votes.I expect a 100 whining ` no 's by 12 o clock tonite.Bless y' all
 Really really bad music sound as well as songs , Do n't buy this item unless you want to throw away your money . What a joke
 S.P.L.H.C.B.I remember reading in a 1966 London Newspaper the following header : Senior Policeoffers Lack Heriditary Control Ban.AND THE RECORD WAS JUST NOT MADE YET , SO MY THOUGHT IS THEY WERE ON DRUGS READING ANEWSPAPER.the only good songs with lyrics are flying and the meany theme.Bravo , et all !
 This really is an awful album from start to finish . For a start , the title is very misleading . I thought I was buying an album called `` Beatles '' by a brass band named `` Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' only to learn when I got home and played it that it was the opposite!Then there are the terrible songs , starting with the title track . The best part is the tuning up at the beginning , and then the singer says he 's going to introduce us to `` the one and only Billy Shears '' , but the song ends before we ever get to hear Billy sing . What a disappointment !! `` With A Little Help From My Friends '' is exactly what Ringo needs to make this song interesting . Not a patch on Joe Cocker 's original ! Then there is `` Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds '' , or LSD in other words . What ? A song about pounds , shillings and pence ? Give us a break please !! Next is `` Getting Better '' . No it 's not , it 's getting worse ! `` Me used to be angry young man . Me hiding me head in the sand '' ? So you should mate , with appalling grammar like that ! `` Fixing A Hole '' next . Only another 3999 to go then if you 're fixing it in Blackburn , Lancashire ! `` She 's Leaving Home '' , probably after being given this album as a present by her mum & dad . Give me Billy Bragg 's original anytime ! `` Being For The Benefit Of Mr Kite '' . What sort of title is that ? And `` The Hendersons will dance and sing '' . Not Dickie Henderson I hope , ` cos he 's crap ! `` Within You Without You '' . Er , without you thanks , George . If I want to listen to this kind of music , I 'll go to an Indian restaurant ! `` When I 'm 64 '' . Sounds like you already are , Paul , on this jolly old codger 's ditty ! `` Lovely Rita '' . `` Got the bill and Rita paid it '' ? You tight git !! `` Good Morning Good Morning '' . Good job there is a cockerel on it . It woke me up !! `` Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- Reprise -RRB- '' . Still no Billy Shears ! Finally , we have `` A Day In The Life '' . `` The English Army had just won the war '' . Huh ? Do n't you know your history John ? Everyone knows that the Americans , in it from the start like the good ol' boys they are , won the war . We only came in after the Japanese bombed Poole Harbour!Anyway , enough ranting for now . A poor effort by anyone 's standards and to be avoided at all costs !
 I agree with that kid . This album is oarful . The Beatles were probably the most mainstream band ever created , and when they were tired of bubblegum pop , they tried to be all trippy when they were given acid by that awful muscian , Bob Dylan . But the only thing they could accomplish is ripping off that song from the Wonder Years , making a bad cover of William Shatner 's classic , Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds , and overall making an album that is barely listenable unless you take some LSD . Plus the title is tl ; dr and there are no music videos for MTV.For good bubblegum pop , get the Jonas Brothers .
 Thanks for reading my review . I have only one short consideration.What wood this disk have sounded like WITHOUT intoxicating substances ? You TThank you !
 First of all the cover 's a gas meaning it 's really ugly and not acceptible for a record.The music is chaotic and disturbing my feelings of selfrespect and peace.My family doesnt like it iether . they think modern music is best and so do I : -RRB- I can do without this record , please .
 I give this two stars for the quality of the audio and vinyl pressing , not because of the songs on the album itself . I ordered six of the new vinyl remasters and Sgt. Pepper was one of them . All of the others sounded absolutely amazing , but this one sounded atrocious . The bass wo n't come through without serious static , the highs sound like they 're scratching on the way out of the speakers , and it just sounds horrible . Now , I do n't think that all of the new Sgt. Pepper albums will sound this bad , this was just a problem with my particular copy . Buyers should beware that there have been some fairly widespread issues with the quality of these new vinyl pressings . Open and play them as soon as you get them so you do n't way too long to get an exchange or refund if you happened to get a bad copy .
 Test yourself ; sing as much of this album as you can , and then Magical Mystery Tour . The latter is much stronger , with several more memorable tunes , and sounds fresher today . A good bit of Sgt. Pepper 's is too cutesy and novelty does n't wear well . Ground breaking at the time ? Sure . But that was then and this is now .
 I love the Beatles . I 'll start with that . And for years , I would mindlessly agree with those who said that `` Pepper '' was their greatest record , without really giving it much thought . But in recent years , I 've noticed that while I 've had most of the Beatles catalog for about 10 years now , Sgt. Pepper is without a doubt the one I listen to the least . In fact , I ca n't remember the last time I listened to it at all . I just never seem to want to hear those songs . Most of them sound boring and dated , and many suffer from being so catchy , that after enough exposure , you just get plain sick of it . It just sounds like one big experiment that did n't really work . I read a review here saying that one of the reasons it 's so great is because it was the first album to print song titles on the sleeve . So what ! Maybe I 'll put out the first album ever to be dubbed and mixed entirely by a family of monkeys . Will that make it great ? The songs just are n't there . I find myself going back consistently to the White Album , Revolver , Rubber Soul , Abbey Road , and even Let it Be . The Beatles were at their best when they were just simply trying to make music , not trying to out-do some other band or make some grandiose statement and change everything as we know it .
 There are three really great songs on here - Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , Sgt. Pepper -LRB- reprise -RRB- , and A Day in the Life . While this is great , the rest of the album does n't really rock.If you have n't heard this , do n't expect the sound of the early Beatles that made them so popular . When I 'm Sixty Four is like some ragtime number . Getting Better and Good Morning , well , are being used as commercial jingles now . Within You Without You is almost universally agreed upon as the weakest point of this album . Fixing A Hole , Lovely Rita , and the Benefit of Mr. Kite are OK , but kind of mediocre.The summary is that this album starts strong and finishes strong , but there 's a huge valley in the middle on tracks 7 & 8 -LRB- Mr. Kite and Within You Without You -RRB- that is tough to get over.Biased Beatle fans give this 5-stars , which is fine , but it 's really a 2 or 3 star album .
 While it can be argued that this album may have proved to be the major catalyst for the flower power generation . As far as I am concerned it 's the most overrated piece of vinyl ever released . I also love all the bloated , pseudo-intellectualized analysis put forth in an effort to legitimize the worth of this over produced mass of noise . The final insult is that real rock groups like the Stones wasted time , effort , and my money trying to immitate it rather than dismissing it as the flash in the pan , `` latest thing '' , tortured opus that it actually represents in the continum of rock music .
 Now I hope that you can agree with me that it 's not really enjoyable to hear people talk about times before you were born , or have them play cds from their younger days , because it 's impossible for us to relate to that stuff . Now me , I have a dad that will try to no end to get me to listen to old stuff that he deems as `` important '' and `` meant something '' to him ages ago . What he does n't seem to realize is that it 's foolish for him when he tells me I `` need to grow up '' , when HE is still stuck in the era of hippys and be-boppers . YOU need to grow up , dad . Anyways , dad found out that I am building up some momentum as a professional review writer , and HE thinks I need to review some of the `` classics '' to gain more credebility . He handed me 3 dusty old records and said `` It would mean a lot to me if my son would listen to his father 's three favorite albums '' . Now in the past my dad 's records were something I sneak out of the sleeves when he 's at work and play frisbee with Morris -LRB- my dog -RRB- . But his birtday is next week so I figured that my present to him would be to review them . It 's the least I can do considering he bought me a Volkswagen Cabrio for my birthday last year.These will not be your typical Tuttleman reviews , because since I simply can not relate to the 50 's and 60 's and 70 's , I have no personal experience to relate these to . Sorry guys , please bare with me . Ok , here it goes.I 'm putting it on the record player right now . It says `` mono '' so this must be a pre-stereo artifact LOL . Ok ... crowd noise ... Hmmm . There is a guitar now that sounds like motorcycle rock . I thought the Beatles were before motorcycle rock . Maybe it was ahead of it 's time or something . Ok , i 'm looking at the packaging while it 's playing now ... Oh My God ! There 's a cardboard sheet where you can cut things out and one of them is a MUSTACHE ! That would look hilarious on my dog Morris . Maybe later . Next song is kind of like Hillbilly music because of the guys voice . YEEE-Haw ! Ok , next song is like weird drug music . Next one ... kind of motorcyle rock mixed with drug rock . Now sort of soft drug rock . Hmmmm ... the cover does n't even say `` Beatles '' anywhere on it . We 'll have to change that right now ... God , they look like such deranged , doped-up hippys it 's not even funny . This must be after Lennon died . Why would my dad ever listen to this when he swears that he never did drugs ? Ok , just got done with a sad Disney style song ... Weird ! the next song is like . . Circus clown music.Alright , now I have to walk over and flip the record or whatever . What a dumb concept . Ok , now it 's like uh ... oriental music . This is taking forever . Ok , now what the heck is with this next one ?! It 's like a showtune or something , but with a really crappy horn ! Whoever played the horn for the Beatles shoud have been thrown out of the band the second he pulled this crap . It sounds like he 's killing the horn . Now it 's an upbeat song with animal noises . Next , they play the first song over again -LRB- that 's original -RRB- . And the last one is like a slow song ... no , now it 's upbeat . Ok , at the end the symphony apparently got all doped up and had a swordfight with all of their instruments . Then there 's a bonus track of noise that plays over , and over , and over , and over , until you ca n't take it anymore and throw the cardboard case at the record player like a frisbee.In conclusion , this record makes me even more glad I was n't born in the 50 's or 60 's or 70 's , or whatever . The best part about it ended up being the cardboard mustache cut-out which looks really funny on a dog , but you will need to use masking tape or something . The record also has just about every instrument ever on it , but unless I missed it , they STILL could n't find room for a single harmonica . So there you have it
 this cd is ok , but i 'd recomend KoRn much more than this especially `` follow the leader '' or the self titled album `` KoRn '' .
 Almost every ` remastered ' CD I have bought is horrible , and worse than the original releases -LRB- with the exception of the Dire Straights CDs -RRB- . As is the case with the Genesis Trick of the Tail CD , there is no bass , and the highs are exaggerated beyond belief , accentuating sibilance to the point of extreme irritation . DO N'T BUY THIS CD ! Try to find the older version.I am incensed at this recording and how once again the remasters are a failure.Be sure you understand what `` helpful '' means before you say this review is not helpful . It does n't mean you agree with me !!!!!
 George Martin 's pristine production saves this disappointing follow-up to the classic `` Revolver . '' Song content consists of embarrasing odes to travelling shows , imaginary bands , and psychedelic songs about plants and nature , all with negligable emotional resonance . Band quickly saw this artistic path as a dead end and headed for more rewarding territory on `` The White Album . '' Still beloved by a minority for some obscure nostalgic appeal , it 's lasting influence is only visible in such minor performers as Lenny Kravitz and Klaatu .
 This album sucks . It 's a total rip off of Pet Sounds . What , did Ringo write the whole thing . They should have kept Stu Sutcliffe . Enough Sitar already . Plus , what the heck are marshmallow skies . Who is this Mr. Kite guy anyway , and what posseses him to waltz with a horse . Really , now .
 The lyrics are about all that this band had going for them . This by most definitions is NOT rock music - this is pop , plain and simple - it 's this nonsense that led to the untalented Ricky Martins , Lou Begas and Backstreet Boys of today.Plus , I can not respect a band who fires their original drummer -LRB- Pete Best -RRB- because he was too talented .
 The Beatles were great . In the greater scope of their work , I do n't think this album is so much better or worse than the others . Much to the contrary , I do n't like it . It has so much studios gimmick running around , we ca n't possibly know who is playing what in each track . Boring , indulgent and mindless album .
 My copy of SGT Pepper had similar quality problems as described in other reviews -- horrible surface noise , one channel cutting on/off , spindle hole off center so does n't spin properly . I returned it -- the second copy better but not great.Also had similar issues with the White Album .
 After all these years , I can not understand how this recording can possibly be considered `` the greatest '' album of all time . The sad fact is this album was never any good , and time has not been at all kind to it.Yes , there are one or two songs on it that still hold up
 You really have to love the Beatles to enjoy this album . Otherwise it 's boring as all get out . If this were your first introduction to them you 'd probably wonder what all the fuss was about . What they were doing in Sgt. Pepper required a whole lot of tolerance and good will which they earned by being so fab for so long . Fan 's gobbled Sgt Pepper up and quickly pronounced that it must be great -- after all , it 's the Beatles . Any criticism would be seen as an indictment of their very fanhood . You did n't dare question the Beatles in those days or you were deemed a cynic , or a malcontent , or a fool . Thankfully , culture has come a long way . It 's okay to let out what many of us really felt all along
 When Sgt. Pepper came out I was 12 . I liked it a lot back then . Now that I 've been exposed to life I see how blatantly self-indulgent the Beatles were in this album -LRB- the fans ' feedback was permanently removed from their process after 1965 -RRB- . But still , Sgt. Pepper is an okay effort . The tracks from this album that have stood the test of time are `` Getting Better '' and `` Lucy . '' But nothing on Sgt. Pepper ranks up there with the power of such songs as `` In My Life '' & `` Yesterday . ''
 I guess if you appreciate music this album is a let down . If you prefer listening to Pink Floyd 's `` Ummagumma '' , with all of it 's `` groundbreaking '' soundeffects over something with more musical integrety-say `` Exile On Main Street '' then I 'm sure Sgt. Peppers will be right up your alley . I would take any Beatles album from '65 up over this collection of corney carnival tunes . After the first three songs it 's all downhill . The most overated album indeed !
 This caused a storm of controversy when it first hit the collector 's market in the late 1980 's . At that time , Sgt Pepper outtakes were very few and far between , so here comes this LP which promised alternate mixes from the LP -LRB- not just the usual alternate mixes from the released MONO version -RRB- . So I bought it -LRB- my seller almost stopped me because I was such a good customer , but did n't want to say anything with another customer close by -RRB- and take it home and give it a listen . This is nothing more than a poorly done remix of the Pepper LP to give the illusion of being outtakes , but are nothing of the sort . Whoever did this should be ashamed of themselves . Bottom line , this album is absolute garbage . Do n't buy it , buy the Anthology CD 's instead for the real thing .
 If you like light pop music along the lines of Fixing A Hole or When I 'm 64 , this album is for you . If you are looking for good 60s rock music , look elsewhere . A Day in the Life and the title track are good , but they do n't save the album . Sgt. Pepper sounds more dated than any other Beatle album , with the possible exception of Rubber Soul . 2 stars
 `` Peppers '' ca n't touch `` Exile '' as an album and should not be even considered among the top albums of all time . The Beatles work depended on heavy studio production , and this album is no exception . Go to the Stones section and pick up any one of their myriad albums and you will not be dissapointed .
 When my mother plays this albun she is ` all over the place ' . when mah fatha cums in da barthroom jibbering ` when ah get aulder loosening mah heir man , Years from now ' I think hees attit again.There is nogood songs here at all and there4 this CD is bleeding oreful !!!!!!! Eric Sykes . age 4
 VH1 did a poll of hundreds of music luminaries and Sgt. Pepper ranked # 2 of albums released in 1967 . While this ranking seems a little high , there are a handful of good tracks on here that can be picked up on one of the greatest hits albums to avoid the filler on Sgt. Pepper . 2 stars .
 If this were their debut album , ` Beatlemania ' never would have happened ; the screams of young fans would have been replaced with yawns - which is the exact reaction this album receives from those of us who never bought the hype.The ideas popularized by this album , and the Beatles in general , are still common today . Nobody disputes this . But , then , this is hardly a compliment . The `` revolutionary '' idea behind this album was to spend months and months touching-up mediocre songs with studio wizardry . This idea helps sell millions , and is thus important to Beatles fans who pay close attention to charts and sales-figures , and use them as an artistic yardstick . Couple this with a cutesy teen-friendly band image , tv appearances -LRB- * very * important -RRB- and completely harmless music comprised of brainless singalongs ... and you have the Beatles formula , and the formula for most modern pop music . So , I guess it 's true that pop music is the way it is today thanks to the beatles . It 's also ironic that the old nostalgic folk who adore the Beatles can somehow absolutely hate their modern counterparts -LRB- such as the Spice Girls -RRB- . Why the double standard ? They made the same music afterall.Few would disagree that this album is better remembered for its cover than for its songs . And , if possible , the cover has dated even worse than the music.No one is impressed by this album anymore . It 's a historical curiousity , nothing more.If this album really was the greatest music of the century , then I would never listen to music ever again .
 ... because while the beginning and end of Sgt. Pepper is good , the valley in between is very wide . It 's as if the producer put the weakest songs -LRB- Mr. Kite and Within You Without You -RRB- exactly in the middle of the track listing . Beatle fans make excuses for them such as `` they are different '' or `` if you listen to it 10 times it starts to get not so bad '' ... but they are weak ...
 So I bought the mono box set and heard this album for the first time in its entirety . I was prepared to be disappointed and was still disappointed . With this box set I 've gained a new respect for the early albums while later work is hit or miss and this album misses for the most part . Little help from my friends is a good song that Joe Cocker made fairly great . LSD is a great song do n't get me wrong but the only other one I like is a Day in the Life so I ca n't give this more than 2 stars despite all the hoopla . I 've listened to Rubber Soul for the first time also and it is really a great album though I still think Revolver is better , Revolver being a stunning work in my opinion . Magical Mystery Tour is actually -LRB- much -RRB- better than Sgt Peppers but it came out after so does n't get groundbreaking credit ... or something . I just find the Sgt Pepper songs lacking , self-indulgent with little redeeming value .
 42 years later and Sgt. Pepper is as brilliant as ever ... enough said , further accolades superfluous . However , how can anybody justify the sale of such an iconic cd in a cardboard envelope ? Shame on you Amazon and E.M.I. ! Would a simple , elegant crystal cover have cut that much into the bottom line ?
 `` I gave Pepper five stars because I do n't believe that the Beatles are capable of making an album with less stars . '' Oh , please.First of all , there are a number of Beatle albums , although good , that do n't rate as high as some of the best works by numerous groups of 60s & 70s including Led Zep , Pink Floyd and Hendrix . What unbiased reviewer would rate `` Yellow Submarine '' 5 stars?As far as Sgt. Pepper - the first track is great . The last track is great . The middle of the album is very mediocre . Two tracks ca n't save the album , but they each get a star . And this album has dated over time . It sounds old , while the better 5-star albums still sound fresh .
 I do not understand how this album can be considered amazing . It has been declared an eclectic rock masterpiece , a statement which is simply not true . It was supposedly revolutionary because it was `` the first concept album . '' It also contained the spooky , thought provoking ending found in `` A Day in the Life '' . To each his own , I suppose.The title track is surprisingly adequate ; it is one of best songs by The Beatles -LRB- which is not saying much -RRB- . The second track is `` With a Little Help from my Friends '' . It , like most other songs from this album , is entertaining for one or two listens at best . Then comes the random babbling entitled `` Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds '' . `` Getting Better '' and `` Fixing a Hole '' are more of this senseless garbage , only these include chiming guitars . There 's more clich&eacute; material , found in the saccharine `` She 's Leaving Home '' . Then comes yet another pointless throwaway , `` Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite ! '' . `` Within You Without You '' is another one of those unoriginal , interminable songs by George Harrison . `` When I 'm Sixty-Four '' , `` Lovely Rita '' , and `` Good Morning Good Morning '' more of the stale pop lyrics that The Beatles were so often praised for . We have a brief moment of coherence again with the reprise of the title track . Then comes `` A Day in the Life '' . Somehow this song 's ending is supposed to be genius . Hmm , seems like more pointless noisemaking to me.If this is the cultural revolution that everyone has talked about , then I now know why most pop/rock music stinks today . If one does not like this review , that is fine . As many of you apparently know , there is a Not Helpful button that one can press .
 This was the Beatles effort to out-do Brian and The Beach Boys on Pet Sounds . While I still think it is a good album , sgt. pepper doesent come close to the production on pet sounds . And the Beach Boys are/were the best sounding vocal group of all time .
 Give it up , folks . You people have liked what you have been told to like all your lives and , by God , Sgt. Pepper is the big daddy of all `` must like '' cool things . Get a clue . Break away from your generic `` originality '' !
 If you were around in 1967 , buy it for the nostalgia . If not , I guarantee you that it will sound old and dated relative to today 's music , as well as the music of the 90s , 80s , and 70s , and even some of the good music of the 1960s . Track by track : Sgt. Pepper - good , really rocks , sounds good even todayHelp From My Friends - datedLucy - touted as psychedelic , but not reallyGetting Better - adequate song now used for commercialsFixing A Hole - weakShe 's Leaving Home - not rock , weak orchestra backed songMr . Kite - very weakWithin You - self indulgent song that Paul/John had to let George put on the album64 - weak , vaudeville like song . Does n't belong on a rock albumLovely Rita - adequateGood Morning - zzzSgt . Pepper - good , but just a rerun of track oneDay in the Life - two unfinished songs by John and Paul that George Martin spliced together . OK.Altogether was OK in 1967 , but dated 35 years later as expected .
 If people had been making albums for the last 1000 years they could not have made a worse album than Sgt. Pepper . It 's that awful . But go ahead and defend it if you must . It does make for some catchy commercials .
 This is n't rock and roll . It 's sinitra-esque orchestral pop . The most overrated , crappy piece of trash ever .
 ` Sgt. Pepper ' ranks as one of the most overrated albums of all time . Not only is it a bad album , it is also a boring one . Some of the songs are OK , but the rest of the album makes me want to fall asleep . I think most people know that it is bad , but are afraid to admit it .
 So ... Here 's my , track by track , pass / fail analysis .1 . Title Track - Upbeat kick-off . Fairly good . -LSB- pass -RSB- 2 . With A Little Help From My Friends - Ringo 's song . The usual poor singing . Usually covered much better -LRB- Joe Cocker etc . . -RRB- . This version nothing special . -LSB- fail -RSB- 3 . Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds - Imaginative lyric over a repetitive verse/chorus pop tune . The song fails to sustain through the later choruses . John later claimed it had nothing at all to do with LSD etc ... . either way ... . yawn . -LSB- fail -RSB- 4 . Getting Better - By Beatles standards , a pretty ordinary/dull song . -LSB- fail -RSB- 5 . Fixing A Hole - Another nothing-special track . -LSB- fail -RSB- 6 . She 's Leaving Home - A sentimental ballad wraps a simple rejection/separation concept . Fine , but does n't bear repeat listening . -LSB- fail -RSB- 7 . ... Mr. Kite - Silly lyrics ride a ` funfair ' soundtrack . Again , really just the one idea . Dull in repetition . -LSB- fail -RSB- 8 . Within You Without You - Crap , compared to George 's later efforts -LRB- especially ` Dark Horse ' -RRB- -LSB- fail -RSB- 9 . When I 'm 64 - Crap . -LSB- fail -RSB- 10 . Lovely Rita ... - Clever . Would have made a great single . -LSB- pass -RSB- 11 . Good Morning ... - Nice driving tight rock sound . -LSB- pass -RSB- 12 . The Reprise - Great sound on this track . -LSB- pass -RSB- 13 . A Day In The Life - More ` human condition ' stuff from the can-be-rather-boring Mr. Lennon . Leads to a pompous resurrection of some orchestral experimentation from the 1920s . Embarrassing . -LSB- fail -RSB- So , my totals are , 4 passes and 9 fails . Hence , only one star I 'm afraid .
 this wanky cd is just deep loreable!there are no good trags.xxx avoid please ok ?
 In this day and age , is there really any need for this sort of pompous twaddle . I mean , was n't that sort of pop music just a dead end?Save your money , just buy a copy at a garage sale where they never lack for copies of the LP .
 Just wanted to let people know that this album has some satanic ties . Myself being a lover of rock music I realized some of the messages being conveyed were satanic . Notice on the album cover of this album , there is a picture of Aleister Crowley -LRB- top left second person -RRB- the biggest Devil Worshipper who started a satanic following . Listen to the lyrics they sound innocent but listen closely . The message given is `` Start A Revolution '' `` Do What Thou Will '' , Those are teachings of Crowley , also notice the statue on the cover -LRB- bottom right under the BEETLES -RRB- That statue is mentioned in many of crowleys teachings . Guess who Sgt Pepper is ... Yup Crowley !! Notice the lyric `` It was 20 years ago today ... Sgt Pepper taught the band to play '' Just wanted to give a warning to those who did n't know ! Why do you think this band got so big !!
 I was born after the Beatles had long been disbanded.They music , is well , I Do n't get it.Maybe at the time it was good , but it is 2003 , and they suck .
 This review is for all the beatles records ' . CRAP !!!!!!! The most overrated band in the history of music . It goes to show that with the right promoting even the most untalented people can become star 's .
 This alBUM and the beatles in general are way too over-rated ! How can you people say this album is perfect without it having ONE GOOD METAL GUITAR PART ! you people need to learn what GOOD music is.I suggest
 Just try getting through Mr. Kite or Within You Without you . A condescending middle finger to the fans that appreciated of them as a rock and roll band . By this point in their careers -LRB- read : millionaires -RRB- , the Beatles knew the cound serve any pretentious **** they wanted . They just did n't CARE . Search Yoko Ono for the for the complete artistic emasculation of John Lennon .
 People often offer the opinion that the artwork was the major breakthrough of this album . I agree . It could n't have been this music .
 Say you were to go into a record store and you asked the clerk one question . `` Hey clerk , can you hand me a couple cds that were overhyped '' . He 'd should go get all Beatles albums and throw them in your hands . `` Take them all , we do n't want them '' . Only those stupid gullable people who actually beleive the Beatles can sing are the ones that want them.Its a good thing their entire catalogue belongs to the genius himself , Michael Jackson . Michael Jackson made true music , this band reminds me of how overhyped Jessica Simpson and Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson is.Now that the catalogue and rights to the songs are in Michael 's hands , Paul McCartney ca n't put out any new Beatles music/compliation out there without Michael 's permission . Michael would say no and Paul would n't even ask because they are in a bitter fight because Michael paid over 50 million dollars for the rights to the songs as well as rights to John Lennon and Paul McCartney catalogues . Michael was ripped off due to the fact that all Beatles song are not worth one scrap of poop from a dogs a ** .
 For many years ` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ' topped nearly every single magazine Best Album list , which amazed me since ` Revolver ' and ` Rubber Soul ' were far superior and were usually relegated to much lower positions on these lists . But lately , music critics have realized that this is , in fact , not even close to a top-ten album.By Beatles standards , this is the second worst album they released -LRB- Abbey Road finishes dead last -RRB- . While I admire the experimental recording techniques , the bulk of the songs are twee and silly . Plus , there are NO rockers on this album ! At least the Stones indulged in some rock riffing on their own sub-standard psych record ` Their Satanic Majesties Request ' . For some GOOD psych , research The United States of America , Love , Silver Apples , Tomorrow , Red Crayola , Hollies , Amboy Dukes , The Creation , Smoke , The Move , The Action and West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band . These bands have what the Beatles failed to deliver .
 But I just ca n't get into this music . Just because it 's influential that doesnt mean I have to like it either . If you want some good music check out some Old school hip-hop . peace .
 People always say how the beatles `` changed '' music . Please there are other bands that have had more influence on rock music than them such as sabbath and zepp . First of all the beatles are far from outstanding on their instruments so its obvious they didnt influence anyone in that area . Its all a bunch of chords and far from extraordinary . There only popuar because there old and they were good and MAINSTREAM at the time . There are so many better bands than this who actually have talent.The beatles fans who say they are te best band of all time probably dont listen to other music . They clearly dont listen to modern rock , 60s-80s rock/metal . The 60s-80s metal bands have influenced music way more than the beatles because they were 1000 times better on instruments and wreent mainstream . Look at metallica , there first 4 albums were awesome but they werent mainstream , but then when they made the black album -LRB- sef titled -RRB- they made it more mainstream and sold 12,000,000 so go figure . They along with every other rock band has more talent instrumentally than the beatles.Honestly , i dont get whats so great about them . The people that i know who say there the best only listen to old mainstream bands like the beatles and other people who know how to play a couple chords . One of my friends i guess you could say listens to all this crappy 60s music and its garbage . Hes been playing guitar for like 3 years and still sucks cuz all he knows how to play is these bands OOH A BNUNCH OF CHORDS , please go check out metallica `` and justice for all '' for some real musical talent
 The vinyl pressing is defective and of a very poor quality . There are too many scuffs , scratches , clicks and pops ! It 's really sad , when you consider there are pressing plants , in the world today , devoted to producing superior quality vinyl records . Clearly , EMI/Apple , for reasons unknown to me , have chosen a pressing plant with quality control issues . I am very disappointed with the overall quality of the vinyl . I can only hope EMI/Apple may produce a second run of pressings and team up with a pressing plant devoted to quality control . Maybe someone like R.T.I. or Mobile fidelity sound labs could take control of the pressings.In the world of ` Beatles Box sets ' many editions and/or pressings have been produced down thru the years . In my collection , I happen to own -LRB- 1 -RRB- the 1978 Parlophone Beatles BC 13 Blue box set , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the 1982 Mobile Fidelity/EMI box set pressed by the Victor company in Japan on virgin vinyl . If I were to put aside all questions , comments , criticisms and/or debates regarding the mastering of the recordings , and merely focus on the quality of the vinyl . Well , it 's easy ... The 1982 vinyl pressings are clearly the gold standard . The 1978 pressings come in at second place . And the new 2012 pressings are dead last . . Again , I can only hope EMI / Apple might consider a second run of pressings with a manufacturer devoted to superior audiophile quality .
 While it is certainly a matter of taste , this CD is rather boring . Being the great tele player that he is , Redd could have done much better than this piece of typical draggy Nashville sound . If you like good tele playing that sounds like hell then get yourself `` The Nashville Guitars '' . Only the title song `` No stranger to a Tele '' comes remotely close to the awesome sound of the guys of `` The Nashville Guitars '' . The rest sounds more like Chet Atkins forty years ago . Disappointing .
 Purchased this album more than a month ago and have still not received it . Therefore , it sounds terrible . Kinda like the sound of silence .
 I am a huge fan of Yoko , I always defend her . However , I felt this album `` Starpeace '' was probably her weakest album.I do think there is one great track though , Hell In Paradise , I would rank that in my Yoko top 3 , but besides that , there 's very little to recommend off this . Songs like Remember Raven and Children Power are among the weakest , most banal tracks Yoko 's ever recorded . Only 4 tracks off this album appear on the 100 + track Onobox , and Yoko does n't have that many albums.Avoid this and get `` Walking On Thin Ice '' , her greatest hits set , which has Hell In Paradise anyways . This album sticks out like a really weak sore thumb in between Season Of Glass/It 's Alright and Rising/Blueprint For A Sunrise
 The kind folks at amazon quote `` The Label '' , which tells us `` Starpeace was her -LSB- Yoko 's -RSB- answer to the Reagan Star Wars campaign '' . I had no idea ! What a manuever ! Only one woman could both break up the Beatles and take on the resurgent might of the U.S. military circa . early 80 's ! Yoko Ono was going to make DARNED sure the U.S. did go around blowing up the world , by golly . The Hollywood left of today could only hope to be so politically relevant.Sadly , history leaves us no specific clue of how releasing a music album was going to compete with a multi-billion dollar set of killer satellites that could -LRB- should ? -RRB- have destroyed Ms. Ono in a matter of seconds . A prevalent theory is that the horrible and atonal vibrations emanating from this record were designed to reach out into space and knock the satellites from their orbit . Sadly , the world may never know . In one of the cruelest acts of Communism , the Soviet Union collapsed from the inside so that Ms. Ono 's desperate artistic partisan record would never be unleashed upon the world.And so , unwittingly , Yoko Ono help the East and West find a common cause -- curtailment of her music career . That being the case , much like Woody Allen 's work since he became officially creepy , it is now only enjoyed within the confines of New York City and by suspiciously effeminate male drama teachers distributed lightly throughout the midwest .
 It 's hard to imagine a world in which Level 42 were once significant . Sadly , however , such a world did exist , one of young men with wedge haircuts , driving secondhand Ford Escorts -LRB- ` Wheels , innit ? Got ta have wheels if yer gon na get skirt , innit ? ' -RRB- , and donning white socks with cheap imitation Italian loafers . Those of you who did not grow up in the London suburbs in the 1980s can never appreciate the true horror that was Level 42 . The London commuter belt was the spiritual home of jazz-funk , the eminently funkless whitebread musical form purveyed by the Isle of Wight 's least welcome exports . Level 42 were the spiritual rulers of the jazz-funkateers , the epitome of music as Thatcherism with twiddly bass lines . This was the sound of post-pub punch-ups , of knee tremblers in the supermarket car-park , of teenaged parties where the host ended up vomiting over his/her parents ' wedding album . As the UK turned into a nation of estate agents -LRB- that 's real estate dealers to American readers -RRB- , Level 42 were the soundtrack to our nightmare . They epitomised 1980s attitudes
 I recently listened to my cd of this after several years . With the perspective of hindsight , it seems like they are groping for a way to stay relevant as musical tastes change . 40 years later , the sound is simply disappointing . I remember getting the greatest hits album in high school and wondering why `` Too Much of Nothing '' was on it . It seemed so out of place . Now I understand.It is interesting to hear their version of `` Reason to Believe '' - a great piece of material . The two Paul Stookey tunes - `` Hymn '' and `` Love City '' are the best thing on the record . They sound true . While his solo version of Hymn on a later album was a little better , there is an introspection about this version that ca n't be matched.Thank goodness for `` Album 1700 '' . That brought them back around to their classic sound . And , although it is clearly a minority opinion , I really enjoyed `` Reunion '' , certainly much more than `` Late Again ''
 I just bought this CD today , and I am very angry . I am aThorogood maniac and must own everything does , but this CD -LSB- I amgetting rid of -RSB- . It is nothing more than `` Live in ' 99 '' in different packaging . The song order has been changed , but these are the exact same tracks as on the `` Live in ' 99 '' CD that was just released in November of last year . BMG should be sued for such a misleading product . The songs are great -LRB- read my review for `` Live in ' 99 '' -RRB- , but you should buy the original CD if you want these songs . The cover of this CD even has a pic of Thorogood , but with two Gibson SG 's behind him , a guitar he has not ever played .
 First things first - this is a hip hop classic , one of my all time favorite albums and one of the greatest albums to come out of the genre . This review in no way reflects my feelings on the music , which will always have a special place in my heart ; it 's about the mp3 formatting , which leaves so much to be desired . Each track as a two second pause hard encoded into the audio ! This is one of those great musical experiences where ideally one track flows straight into the next , but instead , each track ends with a jarring silence , then picks up with a bit of the beginning of the next track , then the next track starts right away . I 'm guessing whoever encoded this album for download from Amazon either did a subpar rip , or - even worse - transcoded older mp3s from the era when a short buffer was built into each file.And what 's more , this is labeled explicit - but the singles are edited!Overall I 'm terribly disappointed , the price is great and , again , this is one of the definitive albums from both the genre and the era . I was so excited to find it here for so cheap ! Some will of course think I 'm being overly picky , but of all the mp3 albums I 've bought from Amazon , this is the first time I 've run into either of these problems . If I had any inkling that either problem was present , I would have looked to other sources to get my nostalgia fix .
 Great songs , great voices , mixed together in a project . Well , i really do n't know how to explain what i feel when i listen to this cd . It 's just amazing music . Here , in Brazil is almost impossible to find this cd . Thanks amazon.com to have this available ...
 With the exception of `` The Sleepless '' , this is a completely uninteresting set of music . Although it is obviously straining to be hip , cool , and jazzy , it comes across monotonous and uninspired.The trip-hop styled songs , such as `` Image of You '' , are so cliched that you can imagine the musicians have a Trip Hop in 3 Easy Steps book sitting in the studio . Red Snapper attempts jazz , acid jazz , trip hop , and drum and bass flavoring in various tracks and always come up short . They simply ca n't do any of the genres as well as you 've heard even mediocre artists handle them.What 's really irritating is that you feel they are imitating artists that do this music well and at the same time they have n't a clue as to why what those musicians do is good . They sprinkle horns through some of the tracks because that 'll make it jazzy , instead of allowing these instruments to contribute to the music as something other than ornamentation . Just because someone toots on a trumpet on your CD does n't make you jazz , acid jazz , or interesting.Even so , this type of bland ornamentation is the only thing that wakes you up while you 're listening to this mess . Red Snapper brings nothing to the disk but what they 've heard elsewhere . They seem to have nothing of their own to say . Yawn-inducing loops , rehashed beats you 've heard a million times already , and predictably whiny lyrics/singing on the quasi-triphop songs pretty much sums up this CD . Avoid .
 Too much wa wa pedal and overuse of electric piano / mini moog.The acoustic stuff however shines as much now as it did thenThose are 5 out of 5 . The electric stuff , meh !
 I , AGAIN ORDERED THIS PRODUCT TOGETHER WITH ANOTHER DVD AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED EITHER OF THEM . IM VERY DISAPPOINTED TO SAY THE LEAST AS I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM AND OF COURSE I HAVE PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS.I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR TO HAVE THEM RE-POSTED OUT TO ME .
 The movie has some great entertainment value in the scenes it depicts . Obviously it is over dramatized for visual effect . This alone causes it to be a distortion of the truth . As far as all the reviews saying check out the real Doors videos and books by Ray etc. . Please realize Ray as much as Oliver is trying to make a buck ... although he skews things in a more positive light ... his video 's books , etc. are a promotional desire to see you purchase . Do n't buy this nonsense . Listen to the CD 's ... and leave it at that - therein lies what is was all about ... and all it is ... the rest is as fictional as fact ... all of it ... for commercial reasons .
 the movie tended to jump around a lot in time periods which to me is very confusing and takes away from the substance .
 Oliver Stone 's and we all know about him , rendition of a quasi biography of an influential 1960 's rock band . We are treated to behind the scene understanding of what makes Jim Morrison , Jim Morrison.The movie dragged on and on and on with psychedelic filler . Most of the actors were sleepwalking through the script , especially Meg Ryan and Val Kilmer.Doors - Soundstage Performances
 The film is terrible and incorrect from the opening credits to the end or when you press the stop button , which ever comes soonest . There is error after error after error on this film . Oilver Stone ammitted to telling some small lies to expand on bigger truths however he never even started telling the truths . Whatever a director could get wrong he got wrong , Morrison 's character , names , dates , events and sequencing . Many so called events never even took place , the burning wardrobe and the turkey dinner for example - pure fiction . You like The Doors or Jim Morrison or you want to learn more about them stay away from this product and look for something else . This product is nothing more than insulting to The Doors and Jim Morrison and the one star option was the lowest rating I could give , personally the one star is being generous .
 I saw this movie when it first came out -LRB- March 1 , 1991 -RRB- . I was 21 years old , and a huge DOORS fan . I liked it okay back then , but upon seeing it now , it 's boring , and makes it appear that the other members did little or nothing to contribute to the band and its success -LRB- Robby Krieger , the guitar player , WROTE ` LIGHT MY FIRE ' -RRB- . I think Val Kilmer does an Oscar-caliber job as Jim , but the others are only there to react to things Jim says and does . They have no other purpose except to fill in those roles-most anyone could have done that . I do n't think a lot of people realize that Jim Morrison was many things , BUT HE WAS N'T A MUSICIAN . HE DID N'T PLAY AN INSTRUMENT , and he was n't THAT great a singer -LRB- though I will say that he was damn good when he was good -RRB- . THE DOORS were a great band , but that was a long time ago . As far as the studio albums go , the first two were great , the second two were mediocre -LRB- though ` STRANGE DAYS ' has a couple of decent tracks -RRB- , and the last two were hit and miss . I was n't there , so I do n't know about how they were live -LRB- videos and live CDs are NOT THE SAME as being there -RRB- . Another reviewer said that Meg Ryan was a poor choice to play Pam . I agree . Listening to Stone talk about it on disc 2 tells us why . Ryan sounds like she was/is unable to comprehend the type of behavior that Pam/Jim engaged in , i.e. drugs , rebellion , etc. . Stone said the same thing about Darryl Hannah regarding her failed attempt to play Darian in WALL STREET -LRB- a far superior movie to this one by the way -RRB- . I do n't understand why Stone would choose to have someone play a role like this when they obviously were unable to ` find and be ' the character they were supposed to be portraying . Stone should have chosen more wisely . I think Stone 's obsession with Jim is the reason this movie is really all about Jim . Of the many problems in it , the one that probably bothers me the most is that the movie acts like Jim is the center of the universe , as the camera is almost always on him . But Oliver Stone 's Jim Morrison is juvenile , destructive , obnoxious , and often , pointless . He hardly comes off as a genius , poetic or otherwise . He suddenly has star status , but the movie does n't show why-we 're supposed to know why . Yet , why should we care ??? The character is despicable , at least that 's the way he 's written here . I could n't even finish the film-I simply did n't care that he was headed for a youthful demise . When I read ` Riders on the Storm ' and ` No One Here Gets Out Alive ' , I found myself caring about the people involved-not here though . Moreover , the photography was irritating , to say the least . I wanted to know about THE DOORS , instead , I got an MTV-type drug trip with DOORS music behind it . As a big studio movie , I think this fails on all levels except one-Val Kilmer 's performance . As another reviewer noted , this is the best acting he 's ever done . It 's too bad that the movie/script he had to work with was/is over-hyped junk .
 The best performance in the film was Kyle McLachlan 's Ray Manzarek , even though his part was small . Val Kilmer lacks charisma in his portrayal of the late charismatic singer Jim Morrison . How can a man who is perpetually stoned and wrapped up in his own little world be interesting or charismatic ? I found Kilmer 's Morrison unlikeable and unwatchable . The Stone/Kilmer Morrison has no redeeming qualities - casually and carelessly hurting everyone in his path with his selfish , hedonistic lifestyle . I actually fast-forwarded through quite a bit of this film because every scene was just `` more of the same '' .
 I like the Doors music , and Morrison was a very charasmatic figure who wrote some bizzare but interesting lyrics . However , this film -LRB- unlike the comments made by most -RRB- is not a strict biography . What was covered semi-accurately in the movie was the atmosphere of the sixties and the bands beginnings . Okay , they showed the crazy drunk Morrison that perpetuates the myth , but this guy was more interesting . There are also many stupid inaccuracies . One big one that can easily be proven is the live Ed Sullivan TV appearence . Morrison did not look close into the camera and emphasize the words `` much higher '' . I think the guy was on the wrong track big time , but that does n't take away from his intelligence . He was very smart . The idea of this film was to show all of Morrisons wild antics . It was a big mistake to have Val Kilmer sing some Doors songs , but he did do a very good job of capturing Morrisons personality . There were definetely some good scenes that showed the bands tension and the tumultuous relationship he had with Pamela -LRB- Meg Ryan -RRB- . The natural likeability side of Morrison was missing from the film . Oliver Stone -LRB- director -RRB- should have delved deeply into the fallen rock stars last days in Paris -LRB- alot of material there -RRB- which would have been a more facinating watch . Morrisons real death story , the attempted cover up , paranoia by Pam and rushed burial were also missing . Instead we got the glorified figure in the bath tub with slightly religious imagery . That is very movie phony . This guy would have looked a mess . All said and done , the film reached , grabbed on at times and let go ; Hey just like Morrison .
 This movie is the one work that tarnished Morrison 's image the most . In this movie , Morrison 's drug abuse and screwed up behavior are often portrayed as the product of inner genius and a philosophy of life . In reality , drug abuse is only drug abuse , and screwed up behavior is only screwed up behavior . This generic romantic presentation of the Doors is quite frustrating , and very limited in scope . There is just a lot of quasi-intellectual rubbish , and not much substance to the story . There were twenty or more factual mistakes in the film , and they will be revealed when a person has done their research . Val Kilmer also , in my view , has deficiencies in how he portrayed Morrison . His singing voice was not always up to par , and not for one second did he abandon a warped and stoned kind of persona . What Kilmer was best at , was his depiction of Morrison 's moves and behaviors on stage . ` The Doors ' is the most popular exponent of the largely accepted romanticized view of the Doors . The jarring factual mistakes make this the worst of all such works , however . Everyone would be much better off listening to the Doors ' music -LRB- the first six studio albums -RRB- , which stand as an impressive and creative body of work .
 Brando 's BRILLIANT quote from APOCALYPSE NOW -LRB- itself a BRILLIANT example of the use of POPULAR music in movies through its use of The Doors `` THE END '' -RRB- was the FIRST thing that came to mind for the title of this review . As a BORN AGAIN Doors fan -LRB- as in , I was a fan as a kid and recently 're - discovered ' them -RRB- , I felt a moral obligation to warn people against this ATROCITY ! If it were possible , I would DESTROY all available copies to protect the INNOCENT and UNASSUMING!First , the title , `` THE DOORS , '' is MISLEADING . Instead , it should have been called `` MORRISON . '' Stone sees Morrison as THE central figure in The Doors saga , with the OTHERS being merely BACK-UP players . NOTHING could have been FURTHER from the TRUTH . Morrison himself would 've attested to that . As proof , the band shared songwriting credits on most songs , attesting to the true COLLABORATIVE nature of this band.Second , EVERYONE , including Morrison , comes off a a TWO dimensional character in this film . John Densmore -LRB- horribly portrayed by one-note actor Kevin Dillon -RRB- is ALWAYS sulking . Ray Manzarek comes across SO straight-laced -LRB- ? -RRB- as to practically be a MARTINET , and poor Pamela Courson , as played by Meg Ryan , comes across as some STUPID hippy-dippy chick.Third , Kilmer 's perfomance as Morrison is SO overrated . He portrays Morrison as this VACUOUS , SELF-CENTERED ego maniac , as opposed to the flesh and blood artist that he was , full of CONTRADICTIONS and COMPLEXITIES.Fourth , Stone uses Morrison 's ACTUAL song lyrics in place of dialogue , which comes across as BAD as it sounds , while the remaining dialogue is as CHEESY as it gets -LRB- i.e.
 It seems like every great director attempts a comedy at some point in his career . Stone is no exception , and with THE DOORS , he makes an unfortunate foray into feature length hijinks.Don ' t get me wrong ... the film does have some funny moments . The scene where Kilmer follows Pamela Courson home and hangs out in the window is a classic . Pamela sees him and asks why he followed her , and with impeccable comic touch , Kilmer says `` Because you 're the one . '' Quite a sidesplitter!Unfortunately , the jokes get old after a while , and by the end , you 're almost wishing that Stone had taken a more serious approach to the material . Even Morrison 's wacky Indian sidekick ends up looking forlorn.My advice , if you want to see a great musical comedy , check out SPINAL TAP . As for Stone , he should leave the one-liners to Woody Allen and stick with heady dramas .
 Yet another re-issue and shaft job by the movie industry making DVD 's , and releasing them with a few more extras one to six or seven years later . Give these crap re-issues one star , not based off the movie , but the shaft job done to loyal DVD customers . If you must buy this release , ALWAYS BUY USED . That way the vultures who play unfair wo n't make a profit off you . Then sell your old release , which will hopefully deter more people from buying the newer version , with a cheap old version on the market , and will hit these scumbags where it hurts the most ... bottom profit line . Voice your anger , ALWAYS BUY USED IF YOU MUST BUY AT ALL , and tell them you 're sick of this re-issue anniversary edition crap .
 I saw THE DOORS after I had read LIGHT MY FIRE by RAY MANZAREK and I could see why he hated it.The movie THE DOORS focused in my opinion way too much on JIM MORRISON 'S self-destructive tendancies not on how the group made thier fantastic music . Do n't get me wrong VAL KILMER while he 's potraying morrison does the best he can with the inept script his performance besides the music is the only thing that saves this film from being a total disaster and do n't get me started on MEG RYAN I thought she definatley was a lame PAM COURISON to say the least . I felt that OLIVER STONE did ` nt really research THE DOORS either and it shows so all in all read LIGHT MY FIRE by RAY MANZAREK for the real story not this movie .
 Wow , I really have no idea how people can give this movie good reviews.The camera work is interesting , and it definitely captured the times and gave me a good sense of who Jim Morrison was -LRB- well , at least as Oliver Stone saw him -RRB- , but it 's not really much of a movie.Jim Morrison was born , he became famous , and then he died . All of the rest of the stuff just happens for no reason , like in real life . I have no problem with a movie being like that , but what pissed me off was Stone 's usual pretentiousness in trying to make this movie `` meaningful '' . This movie is just about some guy 's life ; there 's really no meaning to it . Instead of admitting that , he sticks in indians and other weird shots as if that will make the movie deeper somehow . It does n't , it just looks stupid , and it tells the viewer nothing of The Doors or Jim Morrison.The movie was also kind of boring . Scenes went on for way too long , and everything blended together into an incohesive mush so that whatever happened seemed unremarkable and pointless -LRB- which it was , most of the time -RRB- . I have no problem with pointless stuff , when it really adds to the characters -LRB- as in a Woody Allen movie -RRB- , but here it just seemed to continue to hammer into the viewer 's head the same portrait of Jim Morrison that was crystal clear around twenty minutes into the movie . The character did n't unfold at all ; it just gutted itself near the beginning and then pointed to different squishy bits for the rest of the movie.So thanks a lot , Oliver Stone , for ruining what could have been an interesting movie.The only reason I give it two stars is for the part with Andy Warhol , when he mentions that he could call God on his telephone , but he has nothing to say to him , so he gives the telephone to Jim Morrison and says `` Now you can talk to God . `` How could you not love that part ?
 The Doors is not the best movie . While the begining of the movie seems to promise something good , and the end of the movie has you walk away with some emotions . After this first hour of this nearly two and half hour movie , it becomes boring.There is hardly any focus on the music . Besides the concerts , events of the movie seem pointless . Their only point seems to show how crazy the singer was . Jim Morrison , the singer and main charater , was just a crazy idiot , and thats not what he was in real life . The last thirty minutes will respark interest , but does not save the movie at all.I would recommend someone to rent this movie , not buy it .
 The video resolution is very poor , I in fact have to watch the DVD in `` zoomed '' mode in order for it to make it fit the screen .
 Oliver Stone yet again tramples and distorts the truth - this time the victim is Jim Morrison and not the U.S. government . Every scene is either blown way out of context or it never actually happened
 I 've always felt that Jim Morrison 's death at a young age spared him the humiliation of being unmasked as a mediocre artist and a low-rent character . This movie did nothing to change my view . Kudos to Val Kilmer for a great performance , but Morrison is n't worth all the attention and adulation he has received . His early demise immortalized him and spared him a career flame-out . As comedian Dennis Leary said , `` We do n't need a three hour movie about Jim Morrison . I 'll tell you his story
 The Doors - directed by Oliver Stone - is a sad story about the 60 's rock group and legend Jim Morrison , lead singer , poet and songwriter . The movie covers the period from 1965-1971 . Val Kilmer stars as Jim Morrison , a very intelligent man who is his own worst enemy . He can not handle the pressures of success . We see a slow train wreck as he turns to excesses in drugs , drink , women and exhibitionism.In the beginning -LRB- 1965 -RRB- he is going to college , but also a Southern California beach boy , writing poetry , finding his first true love . It could be the start of Beach Blanket Bingo for that matter . A friend helps Jim form the Doors rock group -LRB- named after the book by Aldus Huxley `` The Doors of Perception '' -RRB- and from there on it is a marathion of drugs , drink , egotism , confusion and despair . Depending on how much you enjoy the 1960 's counterculture will be how you view this movie . It hypnotizes in the treadmill of drug trips , crazy outfits , California , trendy clubs , Andy Warhol parties , and outrageous behavior.As fabulous as Val Kilmer plays Jim Morrison , the drugged , halucinagenic excess becomes boring fast . The opporutnity lost is that Morrison had talent with words , high intelligence , but spent it on the dark side . Seeing this movie I am wondering if he could have been pulled from the abyss with better handlers and some on-going therapy . Morrison died in Paris at the young age of 27 and is buried in a near-by cemetery for famous artists . Overall , the movie seemed like a long tabloid expose and I felt like this was an intrusion on the Morrison 's privacy.It also starred Meg Ryan -LRB- as Morrison 's girlfriend -RRB- , and the Doors group played by Frank Whaley , Kyle MacLachlan
 I should preface this by stating I really do NOT like Oliver Stone movies -LRB- other than Natural Born Killers -RRB- , for some reason I feel very disconnected to them . And he does it again with the Doors . On the recommendation of my son I watched this on a borrow and I have to say I watched the entire run of the movie and still know NOTHING about THE DOORS . The movie is instead filled with psychedelic filler of the highest order and Jim Morrison comes off as nothing more than a sullen drunken crybaby.All the relationships seemed forced and nothing about this era or group seemed interesting at all , and I have to think that 's simply not true in real life . A lot has been made of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and for all the hype I 've heard I can say I was mildly let down , which could be more a fault of the script since NO ONE not even the lead had any type of depth or worthwhile backstory , so what more can an actor do ? I actually thought Meg Ryan was the stand out , and that does n't say a lot .
 I think if a really pretentious 15-year-old was asked to write a historical movie script , this is what he would come up with . Incredibly dull and full of itself .
 My review basically sums up to the review of `` A viewer from BROOKLINE MA , USA , February 18 , 1999 '' . I also agree with `` fsuseminoles@hotmail.com fromm Texas , February 27 , 1999 '' -LRB- who claims he/she is `` Ray Manzarek '' -RRB- The movie was horribly innacurate . I read more than enough of `` Light My Fire '' -LRB- written by Ray Manzarek -RRB- to know what the above reviewer is talking about , and I do n't blame Ray for slamming Stone and his movie so much . I perfectly understand him . How would you like it if some Hollywood director made a movie slandering your best friend ? Portraying him as nothing but a obnoxious , self-indulgent -LRB- I know he did succumb a lot , but he did a lot more than that -RRB- a ****** who just happened to be a poet and a musician ? I believe `` Light My Fire '' more than the movie because Ray mentions the famous , or should I say `` infamous '' , incident on `` The Ed Sullivan Show '' was depicted very incorrectly . I saw the actual performance along with an interview with Ray Manzarek himself , and Ray was right ! That right there gives the book more credibility than the movie `` The Doors '' -LRB- the movie I saw the performance on was `` The Very Best of the Ed Sullivan Show-The Greatest Entertainers '' , also , according to Ray , you can see at least just the performance on The Doors video `` Dance On Fire '' -RRB- . I unfortunately do n't know the opinion of John Densmore on this movie -LRB- I 'll have to read his book , `` Riders on the Storm '' -RRB- . After all , his book , as well as himself , were major consultants for the movie . He even acted in it as `` Last Session Sound Engineer '' ! If he told Stone all the falsehoods were true , I 'll be seriously pissed and disappointed that he could do such a thing.As for the movie 's other qualities I , as `` A viewer from BROOKLINE MA , USA , February 18 , 1999 '' said , thought Val Kilmer did as best a job he could with such an `` inept '' , as well as very innacurate , script . I also found Val 's stage antics and dancing entertaining , especially in the end of the Whiskey-a-Go-Go scene where The Doors played `` The End '' , Jim said the forbidden verse , and they were kicked out of the club as a result . I did n't find the movie very entertaining though , mostly because of how Jim Morrison was portrayed -LRB- you get tired of watching some a ****** run around drinking , cheating , saying weird * @ & % like '' -LSB- the fans -RSB- want something sacred '' ; Actually , a lot of the characters said stupid things like that , come to think of it -RRB- and some other things that were just bad . They were general things , like the script of basically everyone . Some of the parts of the movie I did n't get , and I blame myself and not the movie if a lot of other people got it on their own . The part where Jim goes into the cave during Pam , Dorothy , and the band 's trip was very odd and confusing . All he did was go into the cave , scare a mountain lion or whatever feline that was , and see the Native American who makes repeated appereances throughout the movie -LRB- I 'm not sure , but I think he 's one of the `` Indians scattered on dawn 's highway bleeding '' , the same one lying down with a trickle of blood on his mouth -RRB- . Another part I do n't get is the one where Jim sings `` Not To Touch The Earth '' , which I might add , is one of my favorite Doors ' songs and one of my favorite songs overall , and he does that eagle dance or whatever with all those Native Americans dancing with him . Not to mention that he does it for so long without singing ! His rests -LRB- I mean the musical type of `` rest '' -RRB- were n't THAT long ! There were some other parts I did n't get or I thought were pointless in the movie , but I wo n't go into that further . As for the music , I thought the soundtrack was good . The songs were very wisely pieced together . However , in the vast majority of the concert scenes , the music was butchered . For example , in the concert where Jim sings `` Not To Touch The Earth '' , all you can really hear is , of course , Jim 's singing , the drums , bass , and every now and then a touch of guitar and/or keyboards . Same with the infamous Miami concert with `` Five To One '' . Also -LRB- I 'm still talking about concert scenes -RRB- , they did n't do a very good job showing the fast transition of songs . The only example I can think of is the infamous New Haven concert . Jim sings part of `` Backdoor Man '' , suddenly screams into the microphone , then we 're suddenly towards the end of `` When The Music 's Over '' , which gets cut short . After that , John plays the beat heard in the quiet , middle part of the song , over the bass , and Jim tells the audience what the cop did to him and Patricia.Doors fans , or even just anybody who watches or hears about this movie , do n't take this movie as being true . The fact is , it 's not . Jim Morrison was n't like that ALWAYS , or even most of the time . He was more sober than stoned . It 's just that he had fights , sometimes lasting very long , with alcohol and/or drugs . However , that does n't mean you ca n't watch the movie for it 's entertaining value . Just do n't buy Stone 's point-of-view of The Doors . If you want to know the truth about the great Doors , watch the videos they themselves made , and/or the books people who knew them well wrote .
 This movie was ok in the beginning . It was somewhat interesting watching him get messed up and stuff but after two hours of the same thing it was just too much . I doubt much of this movie is true . So if you want to see a movie glorifying jim morrisons ' drug abuse and `` super deep '' lyrics this is right up your alley .
 If you love the real Doors , stay clear of this miasma.The Doors , I always thought were the greatest rock band of all time , but this vapid flick , created by a brain-dead Hollywood dodo makes the late , great Jim Morrison and the rest of The Doors look foolish , idiotic and talenless goofballs.This travesty of a flick basically left me fairly angry . I may just have to re-read -LRB- for the third time -RRB- No One Here Gets Out Alive , and will surely play some Doors music to get rid of the aftertaste left in this viewer 's mouth by the rancid Oliver Stone attempt .
 Oliver Stone should really give up making movies about history . I never wanted to see this movie , but when you end up in a video store where you 've seen nearly everything ... that 's about the only way you 'd pick this one up.I think Val Kilmer did an alright job , but everyone else seemed to be portraying some cartoon of who they thought the people were.I am a Doors fan from childhood -LRB- had a lot of older brothers -RRB- , so I wish the movie had n't been made because people that do n't care about Jim Morrison 's memory will just believe that 's how it really happened . For those of us who care , we only need to hear the music.Watch the movie , but realize their life was n't about drugs and getting out of control . That was a consequence of Fame .
 Val Kilmer has the moves down , and does a good impression singing like Morrison ... BUT ... he does not have Jim Morrison 's looks or charisma . John Travolta was slated to play Morrison , and HE has looks and charisma and acting talent ... BUT the Doors said , `` Travolta is a nice guy . Jim Morrison was not a nice guy . '' So they vetoed Travolta . -LRB- Did n't they see Travolta play a jerk in SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER , for which he received an Oscar nomination ? -RRB- I ca n't stand that Travolta is a Scientologist , but he would have been better than Kilmer . The other problem with this movie is that Oliver Stone is a lousy writer ... and the script stinks . Norman Mailer said in `` Vanity Fair ''
 The Doors suffers the same problems that Stone 's other films about real people and events -LRB- JFK and Nixon -RRB- do ; Stone uses the docu-drama format as a license to condense times and events , while simultaneously inventing composite characters and situations that never existed . All too often , these films , while containing exciting filmic and visual elements , ring a bit hollow.The upside of The Doors is the performance of Val Kilmer , who threw himself into the role with ferocity and conviction ; that he comes up short in the end is n't due to his acting abilities as much as the choice of episodes and Morrison 's characteristics -LRB- both real and invented -RRB- that Stone chose to film . Simply put , Stone 's Morrison comes across as little more than a sporatically gifted poet who sublimates his poetic callings to all the cliched rock star trappings . Perhaps this does describe some of Morrison 's personality to a degree , but after seeing Morrison get stoned , drunk and act like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum for 2 hours plus , one wonders if Oliver thought of Morrison as basically an obnoxious drunk -LRB- possessed by the soul of a bald , silly-looking , half-naked dead indian that continually wanders around the movie -RRB- and , if so , what it was that turned Stone onto making the film in the first place ... The downside , in addition to the lack of scope regarding Morrison , comes in the numerous episodes that never happened -LRB- The Doors tripping on acid in the desert , Patricia Kennealy being present at the New Haven show Morrison got arrested at , Particia Kennealy and Pam Courson having a catfight , Buick actually making a commercial using the song Light My Fire and Jim finding out about it by watching tv , Jim setting fire to his and Pam 's house while Pam was smacked up in the closet ... and on and on -RRB- . Also , the years of 1967 to early 1969 take up about an hour and a half of the movie , while the remainder of 1969 through to mid 1971 take about twenty minutes.It 's a shame that Stone went to such trouble to set up and film some great concert sequences , and Kilmer really made a terrific attempt at playing Morrison , but in the end both were content to rest the character on both the various myths about the singer and the confirmed instances of Morrison at his drunken worst . A well-shot film that , in the end , has little to do with reality .
 Hey , I know I 'm in the minority in my opinion here on Amazon , yet I will state unequivocally my view that the portrayal of Jim Morrison , his common-law wife Pamela Courson , the group , and even the supporting cast of regulars in The Doors Universe come off like characters in search of a serious screenwriter.Come on already , Oliver . Who could sympathize with Jim and Company when they spew out lines of dialogue clipped , of all places , from Morrison 's song lyrics ? Did you actually think an audience would accept Jim uttering such discordant lines in an everyday conversation ? Could you not separate the man from the performer ? Because of that awful bit of writing , Jim comes off like a buffoon , not an erudite talent who , despite a lifetime of loneliness , alienation , and addictive tendencies -LRB- which would ultimately snuff out his life -RRB- , still managed to push aside material comfort for a pursuit of the truth as he saw it.Also , how come Jim revels in such horrible psychobabble ? Had you not gleamed the interviews -LRB- available through Bright Midnight and other retailers -RRB- you 'd hear an incredibly bright , articulate young man who lamented the day he elected to be part of a rock and roll band . You 'd also have the makings of excellent drama , as a man who can not escape his fame and a man who longed to create films and poetry in his own right.How could one ever sympathize with a drunken lout -LRB- YOUR Jim -RRB- who acts like an ass -LRB- seems more like Val Kilmer playing himself rather than Jim -RRB- , shows no compassion whatsoever , and just appears to become famous in one quick turn of events . The only clue we have to the success stems from the Sullivan show , the airport raid , and assorted concerts , but we never get a sense of Jim being nationally lambasted . Some archival footage might have helped there . But of course then the more sedate , intelligent Morrison -- whom you portrayed as bumping into cops whereas Jim preferred to sway at a mike stand -LRB- see the archival footage -RRB- -- does n't figure in a Hollywood biopic.What a shame . What a rotten , dirty , salacious mess . Maybe your own demons got the better of your good sense , Oliver . God knows , if your Morrison had been the true Morrison , I 'd never had been a fan of his in the first place . Thanks for turning Jim into David Lee Roth , the members of KISS , Robert Plant , and all those other Circus Magazine posterboys for rock and roll excess . Too bad . An integrity , a nonmaterial nature , and a sincere attraction to make art distinguishes Jim from all those other Sex , Drug , and Rock and Roller hellions .
 I wonder if something is wrong with my DVD player ... it seems this film was n't encoded as anamorphic -LRB- to fill my widescreen TV like all other films -RRB- but they burned the letterbox onto a 4:3 encode . So I see the picture surrounded by black.Also the soundtrack sounds flat ... I read somewhere that you have to enable a 5.1 track but I have n't found that option.I picked this up at a flea sale eager to relive my first experience with this film in a proper theatre many years ago ... so far no love ! I wonder if I got a non-special edition disc in a special edition box .
 I have watched other Oliver Stone movies before and liked them . I do n't know what he or anyone else was thinking when they made this movie . It was a mess . Maybe I need to be drunk or stoned to appreciate it.This movie was very poorly written . I agree with an earlier reviewer that it makes Jim Morrison look like a drunken jerk . It was either way too long or way too slow . Either way , it did not hold my interest . Meg Ryan was a doll in other movies of hers . But in here ? She just could not live up to the material . She was definitely a poor casting choice in this movie.If you like The Doors , I am sure that there are better choices out there than this garbage .
 When I saw this film for the first time , about three months ago , I started wondering was that the Doors that I fell in love with ? It was so different than the Doors that I read about in the books , but I guess it was true , because John , Robby and Ray were all a part of the filmmakers . To me the movie was a shock , is that the way everything happened ? I guess it was.Actors were good , music -LRB- of course -RRB- was good and the directing was good , but ... something was missing .
 For anyone who is interested in seeing this movie , you would be better off reading any of the books out there on the Doors , or listening to their music . Your money would be better spent that way instead on this movie . This movie was inaccurate and poorly made . Oliver Stone , even though he had help from the remaining members of the Doors and other people who knew Jim Morrison , did n't know what the truth was even if it bit him in the behind . Jim himself is probably rolling in his grave because of this movie and how he was portrayed as a stoned , drunk , abusive jerk who could n't keep his pants zipped , even though he was talented and highly intelligent . That part , obviously , was forgotten . I personally hope that Mr. Stone is proud of himself for accomplishing that feat.In conclusion , this movie is an insult to Doors fans , the remaining members of the Doors and those who knew them , but most importantly , to James Douglas Morrison .
 Oliver Stone has built a career on taking real people & real events from certain time periods and presenting a fictional account of said events with a few crumbs of truth sprinkled in to provide the guise of accuracy & integrity . Same here . The sad thing is , another , more talented , more devoted-to-the-truth director could make a better film but what studio will back another movie about The Doors ? Therefore , sadly , this film is what stands , in some respect , as the `` truth '' concerning Morrison to most people who watch it and do n't care to seek out more information . Val Kilmer 's brilliant performance is wasted .
 If one word had to be used to describe Oliver Stone 's rambling , chaotic , yet somehow peculiarly mesmerizing tribute to 1970 's rock n ' roll icon and `` Doors '' frontman Jim Morrison , it would have to be `` disorienting '' . Morrison 's short life , if Stone 's account is to be trusted , was a confused and hedonistic mess , a fact belied by the movie 's lurching and delirious structure , which , in short , makes one 's head spin unpleasantly and induces a sick , queasy feeling in the pit of one 's stomach , a sensation which increases steadily as the film progresses and Morrison 's biography becomes harder and harder to follow . The atmosphere of the 1960s and '70s , though , is vividly evoked , with lilting shots of colorfully costumed hippies , artists , and various eccentric loafers . The implication , however , is that these people , particularly the rebellious Morrison and his ilk , were `` stoned '' out of their gourds the entire time , thereby rendering their career and accomplishments meaningless -LRB- the lines between fiction and reality , for example , become inextricably blurred in one laughably excessive sequence in which Morrison & co. sit in the middle of an imaginary desert getting high on Acid , in the proccess coming up with the remarkable lyrics to `` The End '' . I am an admirer of `` The Doors '' music , and would like to think there was a deeper significance to that song than some random `` trip '' Morrison took one day in mid 1964 , or thereabouts -RRB- . Yet there are nevertheless exciting moments in this flawed feature , such as when Morrison defies the censorship of a couple of `` square '' music producers by refusing to alter the lyrics to one of the band 's songs . The acting is generally without fault
 ... and much more Oliver Stone 's vision of what the Doors ' music and Jim 's life was , truth be damned . Supposedly , Stone was inspired by the book No One Here Gets Out Alive -LRB- written by Jerry Hopkins in 1973-74 , but not published until 1980 when Danny Sugerman , Jim 's one-time teenage factotum , did some judicious rewriting -RRB- , but very little of the book , even , is present in this film . I had to see it three times just to believe what I was seeing -- in short , an absolute hatchet job on Jim Morrison , and nothing like the real Jim at all.I honestly have no idea where the scene with Jim locking Pam in a burning closet came from ; nowhere in the Doors ' history does this incident appear . Jim did not meet Patricia Kennealy in 1967 -LRB- Kennealy herself has verified this in her book , Strange Days
 I know Oliver Stone has won 2 Oscars for his screenwriting ... but that does n't alter my opinion that he is one of the worst screenwriters going . This movie confirms that fact as much as anything . Norman Mailer in VANITY FAIR called this `` one of the all-time bad movies . '' And Val Kilmer carries himself like a handsome guy , but his face actually is n't that handsome . Jim Morrison was a really handsome guy . They needed someone with Morrison 's looks and charisma to play the lead . Kilmer does have the mannerisms and voice down , but it 's not enough . I did n't give it one star , only because the music is so great to listen to .
 This is so stereotypical !!! This Oliver Stone guy ... I thought he was awesome you know . But now that I know the truth ... The guys a quack . This movie is not accurate . It makes it into this Romeo and Juliet setting , but in this movie Romeo plays the part of Jekyll and Hyde . If you know anything then you know all of those people who helped out in the film ... they all backed out as they viewed the film because of the inaccuracies . Everyone did ... well everyone that mattered . Patricia Keanley stated that she backed out the further the progression of the movie occurred . The only value this movie has is Val Kilmer Nailed the Part . He should have been in a real movie of the doors and Crispin Glover , he played his part ... but not to real life , to the part that Stone wrote for them . I am surprised they put interviews and such ... if I were Patricia and Robby , I would sue for slander and such . Here is one example . I have read many books on The Doors . And no where ... NO WHERE ... did I read . `` Jim locks Pam in a closet , uses lighter fluid then sets door on fire !!! '' Then she would have been burned or died in real life from inhalation . I ca n't believe anything the guy every touched . Lloyd Kaufman does n't like him either . I mean really , A woman exposing herself at the Airport in front of reporters . It was n't Woodstock ... in fact The Doors were n't even invited to Woodstock.When You 're Strange
 I watch about 60 movies a year . This one is long , boring and not worth your time to say the least . Very surprising given all the great reviews and Oliver Stone direct it . You could sum this movie up in about 5 min -LRB- not 2 hours it takes to watch ! -RRB- and it could have been told in a more interesting way . Booooo . Terrible movie .
 I will say the only good thing I have to say about this waste of celluloid right up front . I enjoyed Val Kilmer 's performance as Jim Morrison . He did the best job he could with the woeful script he was given . If only we could have had the same performance in a better film.This film is awful on so many levels . Its characterisations are not true to the known descriptions of the people it portrays , most of whom were still living at the time the film was released . The only excuse for that kind of sloppiness is that Oliver Stone wanted to portray Jim Morrison , his friends , his band , his lovers , and the era in which he lived in Stone 's own way , regardless of the facts.Yes , I was not there , I did not know Jim Morison at the time , nay , I was not even born . But I have read his printed works , seen his films , and listened to his music . As a musician , author , poet and songwriter , myself , I know that one can tell much about an artist from his work . Whether or not No One Here Gets out Alive , or Break On Through , or Ray Manzarek and John Densmore 's memoirs give a more accurate picture of Jim Morrison 's life and death is not at issue here , nor is my generational status.The Jim Morrison portrayed by this film is not the artist I , or any other fan , or fellow musician or writer know from the man 's body of work . As such , Oliver Stone 's film is an insult to the late Mr. Morrison both as an artist and a man.Oliver Stone 's `` The Doors '' is cheap , tawdry , badly written , poorly made and , with the exception of Mr. Kilmer 's performance , badly acted . Even if you are not a fan of the Doors you should avoid this film at all costs ; if for no other reason than out of simple respect for the dead , who as Mr. Stone well knows , can not be libeled or slandered and no longer have the ability to speak in their own defence.If you are a fan of the Doors and of Jim Morrison I must urge you even more strongly to avoid this film . It will outrage and infuriate you , but , worse , it will sadden you deeply to see the dreadful spectacle of a lesser artist 's attempt to usurp the vision of a greater one by standing on his shoulders.Or , in Oliver Stone 's case , on Jim Morrison 's tombstone .
 This film is a poor take on Jim Morrison 's life.I suggest picking up `` Riders on the Storm '' by John Densmore or `` Light my Fire '' by Ray Manzarek , both books have their personal accounts and are much more interesting.I mean if you 're gon na just make up scenes at least do it for the benifit of the audience and the person you 're portraying . At least show a little of Jim Morrison 's good side and not just jimbo . <
 When I heard that Stone was going to make the movie I was excited , but very disappointed in the movie . It failed to capture the essence of Jim Morrison the man . His life and the fact that he was more beautiful than the actor who portrayed him . As a doors fan from the 60 `` s , Kilmer didnt play Jim as convincingly . He wasnt as beautiful as Jim . Ryan as Pamela was boring . She had more dye in her hair than Pamela ever did . The rest of the doors were not as defined as well as they should have been . Jim had a troubled life , but where in the hell did the bald guy come from , what was up with him .
 Sure , the average viewer is not likely to turn off the tv from boredom while watching Oliver Stone 's `` The Doors . '' Yet , the average viewer is not likely to believe that this is a great - nor even rather good - film , either.What are the film 's good or great points ? On the `` great '' side is the Doors ' music - the classics come alive here very well . Though , the glory in reference to the music goes to Morrison and the Doors , not Stone . The other great point is Val Kilmer 's potrayal of Morrison - he deserved an oscar nomination -LRB- did he get one ? -RRB- . He was great . The supporting cast is decent , too - especially Kathy Quinlen . On occasion , the film can be entertaining . The crew 's early gigs are especially fun to see.Yet , on the lousy side , on occassion , Stone probes so deep into Morrisson 's alleged ugly life that the film becomes ugly itself - so ugly that its stature goes down . At times , it 's almost unbearable ! Also , the film is highly depressing . The film also suffers from a lack of a total agenda . At one moment we see the band 's sexual excesses . At another moment we see the band 's drug excesses . At another we see Morrisson 's strange religious side . At another we see Morrisson 's strange alcoholic binge , or his stomach overkill , etc. etc. . Also disapointing is Meg Ryan . She does very little for the movie . Her character is walked upon and she did not stand up for herself!Why did Stone even make this film ? Why uplift such a rather ugly and raunchy character such as this ? What does this give to us as a society except knowing that such a scum bag -LRB- with all due respect ... -RRB- existed ? Sure , he was a genius in many ways - yet - he is not a good movie character . Nobody cares!All in all , `` The Doors '' is nto your typical Oliver Stone movie - it 's not really good . I 'd recommend it to Doors fans , and to those who enjoy Stone 's usual crazy movie antics . But to others , I 'd recommnend that they simply buy the soundtrack and enjoy the classics .
 When I first time heard about this movie , I wanted to see it . 30.12.98 my wish came true , and I saw it . And I have to say I was really disappointed . I do n't think Jim was anything like that -LRB- but Val did look like him -RRB- , too much naked women , `` John '' did n't look like John , `` Robby '' did n't look like Robby , `` Patricia '' did n't look like Patricia , everything happened too fast , and Jim DID N'T drink his blood -LRB- read NO ONE HERE GETS OUT ALIVE -RRB- . ` This one lonely star is from the music .
 The movie is amazing . . Val Kilmer deserved an Oscar for his roles . . Maybe the best acting role in the 1990s . Ok . . The DVD 2 disk special edition . . You 'd expect the movie to be a proper transfer . . Heck , the put released it with 2 DVDs . . NOPE . . It is in widescreen letterbox 2.35:1 . . BUT it is so small that it 's a little bot in the center of the screen -LRB- bars on the top , bottom , right , and left ... big ones -RRB- . . You need to use the zoom function ... or the cinema function on your TV to make it full screen letter box 2.35:1 In doing this . . it greatly reduces the video quality ... WOW . . I was shocked.I 've only encountered this ONE OTHER TIME on a straight to video junk movie from Netflix a year or more ago . . I 've never seen this codec used . . it is like it was made for use in a video ipod.I have `` Gladiator '' Extended edition with both Theatrical and Extended on one DVD . . Same with `` Apocalypse Now Redux '' so it is n't a size limitation as both those films fit on a dual layer DVD . . I do not understand why they would do this . . Maybe Hollywood does truly hate Oliver Stone
 Oliver Stone , a great director in general , really slacks off in this one ! I understand Kilmer as a choice for Morrison but , Meg Ryan as Pam ... only in a dream world.All the dates and many facts were either wrong or excluded . Stone even turned to making things up to fill time and help move the story along . All in all a very good story but , not nearly an accurate depiction of Jims ' rise and fall
 Oliver Stone 's portrayal of the Doors and Jim Morrison is extreme and in many cases untrue and exaggerated . He takes the events of the Doors and binds them into cliche rock band problems that never happened . The UCLA film by Jim Morrison was never that extreme , and there were a lot more inaccuracies in the movie . If you want a true account of the Doors , read Light My Fire by Ray Manzarek .
 I can only say that this film is , as Manzarek calls it , `` atrocious . `` Silly , Hollywood fluff that has Jim Morrison probably rolling over in his grave to this day.There are so many inaccuracies about his character and events in this film , that it 's hard to take it seriously . The worst is watching Kilmer strut around 24/7 in some exaggerated , drugged out looking stupor throughout the film . The worst is the way he speaks , as if Morrison were a stoned surfer -LRB- `` like , dude '' -RRB- . Just an awful , awful film and typical of Stone 's directorial decline.Avoid at all costs . Watch the Doors ' music DVD 's or read the books if you want to learn about or listen to or watch the Doors .
 I picked up this 2 disc 15th anniversary edition -LRB- THE ONE WITH THE PURPLE COVER -RRB- a couple years ago when it was being blown out new for $ 6 & just got around to watching it . It 's one of those ultra wide & short wide screens , & it seems to me that the tops of people 's heads are frequently cut off ; I 'm wondering if Lions Gate messed up on the aspect ratio during mastering as has happened with a few other films . I no longer have the original version to compare it with , but I strongly suspect this was messed up .
 All I have to say on that movie is that it was really bad !!! All they wanted to do , was to make Jim and Patricia look bad and make Pam look good . They took every bad thing jim made and made a movie out of it . And by the way Val was horrible !! He did not fit . Jason Patric would have made a better job at it , and Jason looks more like Jim then anybody else !!! thats all I had to say .
 The movie is interesting and I think Val Kilmer did a good job . I rate this so low because Artisan just put big black bars on top and bottom and then calls it widescreen . This is FAKE widescreen and is a bad , bad , bad thing .
 I went to see this film the night it was released in Seattle . Not because it interested me so much but more because I had a friend who really wanted to see it when it came out and could n't . He liked to see films immediately upon their release . I liked to do things that irked him , so I made sure to see the film before he did . This was a surprising film , really . When I heard that Val Kilmer had been cast as Jim Morrison , I , like many , was skeptical that he would be able to pull it off . The Val Kilmer we had to that point come to recognise looked nothing like Morrison in addition to which , Kilmer 's roles had never really stretched his `` acting muscles '' , so most were convinced that he would fail . However , Kilmer respectably fooled everyone with his convincing portrayal of Morrison . His performance was enjoyable . Meg Ryan was surprising also because her role was a bit of a departure . Still did n't like her , though . Kathleen Quinlan 's blood drinking gothic diversion for Morrison was an interesting character . The story was not thrilling , as we all know the story , and in fact , many parts of the film were simply laughable . I noticed at the end when Morrison decides to move to Paris and is saying goodbye to his friends -LRB- other Doors members -RRB- , he and the friends hug and not only do they perform that special `` man hug '' -LRB- which is a hug always accompanied by several hard slaps on the back ... very manly -RRB- but also accompanied with tender sentiments like , `` I 'm gon na miss you '' followed by the tempering insult , `` you a ** hole '' . No niceties for the sake of niceties . We all know Jim 's fate ... you can visit him in the P&egrave;re Lachaise cemetery in Paris .
 Even with star power there is little to like about this film , at least for anyone with any interest in it from the perspective of a historic narrative.The first time I saw it I was impressed at how well Kilmer did at emulating and looking like Morrison . His singing was even okay , in a way . His performances would have been passable even , if it had been a local college putting it on as a weekend theater event , but to suggest that Kilmer did a passable job at singing Morrison 's parts is to admit one has either never listened much to the Doors , has a tin ear , or is already impartial to Kilmer.The film would have been much better with Jim Morrison 's own voice whenever possible , and much as I hate lip-synching , that 's what Kilmer should have done.I 'm sure that it would be very hard to find any professional singers who would be impressed by the singing in this movie.Any doubters may want to try a little experiment - watch some of the movie tracks , then put on the Doors and listen to how much more effective , natural and musical a singer Morrison was . Better yet , find one of the many available videos of Morrison onstage and see how amateurish the impressionism of Kilmer 's performance looks.Now just in case anyone thinks I have a bone to pick with Kilmer ; I do n't . I simply find the emulation of Morrison to be very poor for a movie with the kind of budget that a maker like Stone would have had available.That said , I think Kilmer did a much better job on L.A. Woman than any of the other tracks , and wonder if it is n't at least partially because he was focused on the much more relaxed atmosphere of the track , rather than the weird side of Morrison he was instructed throughout to portray.By all accounts Jim was a strange fellow in many ways , but also anything but one-dimensional , but with Oliver Stone being so one-dimensional himself , it 's impossible for him to tell any story as a passive teller . He finds it impossible to stand on the sidelines and let us know what happened . It 's much more empowering for him to interject his values and agenda onto every story told , which is so much more disappointing because he tells so many important stories - always with his opinion/agenda as more important than history itself.They say that fact is stranger than fiction - I also find fact to be more interesting than fiction.When I read so many positive reviews of the movie itself and Kilmer 's performance , it immediately reminds me of the Emperor and all the crowds exclaiming about his stylish new outfit . Maybe I 'm only a child , because to me , the Emperor has no clothes.Anyone who thinks Morrison was nothing but a sick weirdo might want to listen to the Doors a little further , and some evidence of the romantic in him is very easily unveiled by listening to such tracks as Touch Me , Love Her Madly , I Ca n't See Your Face , Indian Summer and Blue Sunday.The incredibly up-beat and positive atmosphere of Land Ho ! from Morrison Hotel is very often surprising to people not completely familiar with the Doors albums in general.Now go check out some real Doors material !
 dated June 5 , 2000 , that no one has reviewed this movie from an unbiased standpoint -- Dude , I could n't care less about Jim Morrison or his `` doors '' either way , so , rather unfortunately , I 'm merely left with this movie that Oliver Stone dumped , like a pile of rubbish , on an unsuspecting world . * The Doors * features pretentious photography , time-lapse photography , jump-cut photography , murky photography , and downright MTV-inspired photography . Stone even uses a Steadicam at various points , for Pete 's sake . The results are ugly , to be frank.But forget all that ; that 's technical stuff , and may be overlooked as long as the subject matter is worth watching . I 'm afraid that Stone failed to make his case , here . The question before the Court is
 this movie is hogwash . oliver stone blew it with this one.With subject matter as the doors a really good film could have been made . its filled wth inaccurate information ie jim didnt quit film school stone did ! the surviving Doors in documentaries state that stone missed the boat , morrison had addictions he also was talented but by the look of this film you would never be able to tell . Val kilmer does look and sound alittle like jim morrison but he never seems to let us want to care anything about him or his art.the movie is a mixed up mess `` IS EVERYBODY IN '' Gee i hope not !
 be serious
 I have read about a dozen books on The Doors . Needless to say they are one of the GREATEST bands ever to enter the human ear . In fact , I personally , believe they are the GREATEST band ever -LRB- Yes , even better than the Beatles -RRB- , so I 'd have to say the movie was not what it should have been . The Doors were art . The movie was not . The movie prefered to concentrate on the -LRB- semi-fiction -RRB- `` antics '' of a mentally unbalanced Jim Morrison , instead of the poetic side . Also the movie did not live up to it 's own title ! It 's called `` The Doors , '' not `` The life and times of Jim Morrison ! '' It should have concentrated on the band more -LRB- not to say Jim was not a very interesting person ... HE WAS !!! -RRB- Anyhow , other than a few lies -LRB- ok , more than a few -RRB- it 's overall an entertaining movie . Watch it for Val Kilmer as Jim -LRB- EXCELLENT performance !! -RRB- , watch it for the WONDERFUL concert scenes , and watch it for the great soundtrack , but do n't count on a truthful account of the greatest band EVER !
 How they ended this ? Debut was sooo good.this suck 's n lacks good songs . Should have listened this before buying .
 Thirty years down the road , I revisted this CD via a -LSB- money -RSB- bargin bin , wondering if my late adolescent judgement of this early electric effort by one of our great acoustic pianists could possibly have been as vapid as I remembered . Answer ? Yes , it is . This CD is well and truly * Lite * as a Feather , the original Jazz-lite , and quite possibly the original source of Smooth Jazz itself -- inoffensive , uninspiring , unmemorable ; in fact , unremarkable in every way . Corea 's electric piano tinkles aimlessly with noisy wah-wah endings , Joe Farrell 's flute sounding like musac from old Creed Taylor recordings , the oft-times amazing Flora Purim sounding strangely subdued ; and , worst of all , you would never know from the low-cal sound that the incomparable master of percussion , Airto Moreira , was even on this album . Maybe its a misprint ? What a waste of talent , he and Corea both . Listening to this CD reminded me of one of the great unanswered questions that vexed my adolescence
 I was disappointed because I was looking for the two ablum set with the same title . The picture on the screen was from the two ablum set therefore this is what I thought I was ordering . The album I recieved has a different picture on the cover . VERY MISLEASDING .
 This release is from 1993 , since then the entire TUBE BAR calls have been released , all 105 of them . They can all be purchased in MP3 , CD or DVD+CD in the 35th Anniversary collection.MP3 : Tube Bar Prank Calls 35th Anniversary Complete Collection -LSB- Explicit -RSB- CD : Tube Bar Prank Calls 35th Anniversary Complete Collection -LSB- Explicit Content -RSB- DVD+CD : Tube Bar Prank Calls 35th Anniversary Complete Collection -LSB- DVD+CD -RSB- Dolby/DTSThis album actually has been re-edited , re-issued and re-mastered in 2013 under the title of : Tube Bar Prank Phone Calls Vol . 1 -LSB- Explicit -RSB- There is also a 2007 newer version by the BBB 's in CD : TUBE BAR
 Iris Dement has an interesting voice but to me the twang seems a bit exaggerated , almost a caricature of an Appalachian accent . It probably passes well enough in the places where she holds concerts and they do n't know any better.But what turned me off the most is her harsh criticism of Christianity and clearly hard left politics . If you are a Christian and enjoy listening to someone scoffing at your beliefs then this might be your music . If you are a communist or socialist then this is definitely your music - songs that Trotsky would love.I 'm disappointed really . I wanted to like Iris Dement after listening to Our Town but I just could n't stomach all the progressive drivel in her music .
 I bought this CD for the song `` Our Town . '' While I love that song , and I also like `` Let the Mystery Be '' , this CD reminds me of the type of singing they used to do on HeeHaw . Warbly , twangy and overly sentimental . Not my cup of tea at all .
 do not bother . This is the most talentless blithering dribble I have ever listened to . go to the bus stop and listen to some idiots talk . that 's what this is like
 After the Jerky Boysfirst albumwas a big success in 1993 , every fly-by-night record company released their own CD of crank phone calls . This CD is a case in point . The cover even goes so far as to mimic the artwork and lettering of the Jerky Boysfirst album . The CD itself features a couple of guys making crank phone calls . The main character on the CD , `` John Musacha '' , is strikingly similar to the Jerky Boys character `` Frank Rizzo '' -LRB- they are angry working men with similar voices -RRB- . After 13 crank phone calls , the CD ends with several answering machine messages you can theoretically leave on your answering machine , though I doubt that anyone would . Despite the lack of originality displayed here , there are a handful of chuckles on the album .
 This is definitely Masta Ace 's worst album so far . I was extremely disappointed when I bought Sittin ' on chrome because I know that this mc has a huge potential and I was expecting something more than a below average album from him . What really is a turn off is that the production on almost all the tracks is wack and uninspired . Even if Ace is still nice on the mic , this effort is far from his most achieved works and a feeling of mediocrity is present throughout the album listening . I would strongly advice you to sleep on this album and to purchase instead Masta Ace 's Slaughtahouse . This record is a true hip hop classic and it shows Ace at his best .
 First , allow me to say that I have loved this album since it first came out on vinyl back in 1978 - it 's full of the inventive and humorous music that 10cc has been known for.However , when Mercury-UK remastered `` Bloody Tourists '' for reissue in 1997 -LRB- release # 534 973-2 -RRB- , they botched it dramatically . There are obvious tape speed fluctuations all over the place , most dramatically on `` Last Night , '' `` Old Mister Time , '' `` From Rochdale To Ocho Rios , '' and `` Everything You Wanted To Know About !!! '' Strangely the newly appended bonus track `` Nothing Can Move Me '' is without flaws - perhaps the source tape used for the main album was bad , or the machine it was run on was improperly calibrated . However , Mercury/Polygram should not have allowed this product to be distributed in the poor condition that it is in . Avoid this version at all costs , and hope that perhaps the Japanese release is a different master .
 O.K. you 're going to find a few goodies here . These are Tragedy , Too Much Heaven , and Spirits -LRB- Having Flown -RRB- . Program your CD player for these . Tragedy is the last great song of their 2nd fame era . This is a song that , when listened to in a vehicle , will induce speeding , simply because of its insistent beat and chorus . Too Much Heaven is a great bit of charity work for UNICEF and the brothers harmonize so well . Spirits -LRB- Having Flown -RRB- is just a song that will catch your ear for some strange reason and hold you in its grasp . As for the rest of the album , skip it . Uninspiring .
 This release is from 1993 , since then the entire TUBE BAR calls have been released , all 105 of them . They can all be purchased in MP3 , CD or DVD+CD in the 35th Anniversary collection.MP3 : Tube Bar Prank Calls 35th Anniversary Complete Collection -LSB- Explicit -RSB- CD : Tube Bar Prank Calls 35th Anniversary Complete Collection -LSB- Explicit Content -RSB- DVD+CD : Tube Bar Prank Calls 35th Anniversary Complete Collection -LSB- DVD+CD -RSB- Dolby/DTSThis album actually has been re-edited , re-issued and re-mastered in 2013 under the title of : Tube Bar Prank Phone Calls Vol . 1 -LSB- Explicit -RSB- There is also a 2007 newer version by the BBB 's in CD : TUBE BAR
 I guess when this album come out they were trying to adjust to the 90 's . I only like one song on here . And that song is can he do it like this . THat actually sounds like them . The other songs song like experiments .
 I have watched a version of this DVD previously . So I purchased the DVD from Amazon for my personal video library . I was so excited and anxious when the DVD arrived . However , to my great disappointment , the DVD is not for the region in the United States.The DVD came for Region 2 and United States is Region 1 . This is the first time I have ever had to deal with Region setting for a DVD . Greater attention should be made for selling items in the US with such issues as regions for other countries .
 I still clearly remember my excitement in 1979 when I saw this album in the record store . The gorgeous cover convinced me that I was in for a treat along the lines of `` Novella '' or `` A Song for all Seasons . '' I was so confident in Renaissance that I bought this without having heard a single track.Needless to say , I was disappointed . `` Azure D'Or '' marks the beginning of the end of Renaissance . With this CD the balance of power in the band shifted from gifted guitarist Michael Dunford -LRB- the composer of nearly all of Renaissance 's great music over their previous 5 albums -RRB- to bassist Jon Camp , who wanted to expand on the success of the band 's hit `` Northern Lights '' -LRB- from `` A Song for All Seasons '' -RRB- by pushing Renaissance into a more pop-oriented direction . The result ? A collection of songs that work neither as pop nor as prog-rock . With her operatic 5-octave range , Annie Haslam was meant to sing epics like `` Mother Russia '' and `` Ashes Are Burning , '' not little ditties like `` Winter Tree . '' Even worse , the production sounds muddy and unfocussed -- a far cry from the crisp sonic splendour of earlier efforts.I give this album two stars since , despite its disastrous attempt to transform Renaissance into a pop group , tracks like `` Forever Changing '' and `` The Flood at Lyons '' still convey a sense of this band 's power and lyrical beauty . And Annie Haslam 's voice is lovely as always . I own this CD , and I suppose every die-hard Renaissance fan should have a copy . But if you 're new to Renaissance , do n't start here . I say go with `` Prologue '' and `` Ashes Are Burning '' first . If you want a sense of their later sound , stick to `` A Song for All Seasons . ''
 `` Azure d'Or '' was the follow-up album to `` Song for All Seasons '' . As such , it pretty much completed the move towards more upbeat , pop-oriented songs the band had started on `` Song for All Seasons '' . Unlike `` Song for All Seasons '' , `` Azure d'Or '' does not feature either any single pop song as well-crafted as `` Northern Lights '' , nor does it feature any longer tracks -LRB- for which the band was better known -RRB- like SfAS 's `` Day of the Dreamer '' and the Song for All Seasons title track.There are , however , a few worthwhile efforts on this album . Particularly `` Kalynda '' and `` The Flood at Lyons '' -LRB- which features some strong vocal work from Annie Haslam , who certainly had one of the most golden-touched voices in all of classic rockdom -RRB- . Acceptable songs include `` Golden Key '' and `` Jekyll and Hyde '' but the rest of the album was pretty much a collection of mediocre attempts and pop songs.An interesting thing to note is that if I recall correctly , this album marked the last of the `` classic '' Renaissance lineup of the aforementioned Annie Haslam , guitarist Mike Dunford , bassist Jon Camp , keyboardist John Tout , and drummer Terry Sullivan . Tout & Sullivan departed , and on subsequent albums various sidemen took their place . But I do n't think any of them matched the skill and talent that Mr Tout and Mr Sullivan brought , and the band never recaptured the high points that their earlier efforts such as `` Ashes Are Burning '' and `` Mother Russia '' epitomized .
 This album seems to be boring and more commercial comparing to Renaissance previous albums . If you are a fan of this group , you better get `` Ashes Are Burning '' or `` Prologue '' . Even `` Novella '' is better , although my favorite is `` Illusion '' .
 As a true devotee of RENAISSANCE , ever since the first varied notes of THINGS I DONT UNDERSTAND hooked me , on a magical summers night -LRB- TURN OF THE CARDS -RRB- all I can say is that I fell in love with them . From album 1 , the Relf group , all the way to SONG OF ALL SEASONS . To me , Renaissance where first and foremost a COMPOSITIONAL band , within the confines of folk , classical and rock -LRB- `` Fairytale-Rock '' as the clueless NYTimes once described them -RRB- and as such , use their time to create intricate musical patterns and moods with the music . And at this , Dunford , Thatcher & McCarty excelled . They were lost , as was Camp , -LRB- who is an excellent bass player , but lacked the true instincts for writing , -RRB- when they tried to go pop-mainstream . Maybe they tired of being ` underground ' of making so-so money - or maybe bad old WARNER BROTHERS threatened them with termination ... at any rate the magic was gone . To me , SONG FOR ALL SEASONS was an acceptable swansong for the group . They should have had the sense to end things there .
 With punk and new wave firmly in control in 1979 , so called `` progressive rock '' was well out of vogue and excruciatingly unhip . In this climate , Renaissance was struggling for `` relevance '' and this album was its woefully misguided attempt and reclaiming it.Gone were the grand orchestral arrangements that had marked previous albums and it its place were a group of songs drowned in an overproduced synthesizer mess . What was worse was that few if any of the songs even hinted and being memorable . It was not just the way they were presented it was the content of the songs themselves . This was the album that pretty much put the band to rest . After several previous unfocused efforts , their already dwindling fan base all but dried up . A sad whimpering end to a once compelling band .
 simply put , this album is terrible . This is not anywhere near the high standard of these guys . Nothing worth anything . Stay Far Far away from this .
 I 'm sorry to vent on the Stylistics , certainly others are guilty of this , but $ 33 to get all the Stylistics hits is WAY too expensive . Sorry , love the Stylistics , and the Spinners too -LRB- whose double CD anthology is around $ 30 too -RRB- . Why is something like Lionel Richie and the Commodores 2CD Gold $ 13.99 ? Oh well ... I 'll wait .
 Did anyone reviewing here -LRB- other than me -RRB- actually SEE the REAL concert ? I 'm not referring to this wussed out acoustic version , but the real `` Hell Freezes Over '' tour concerts ? I saw them in Orlando , Florida at the Citrus bowl 07-23-94 , and what they 're selling here pales in comparison , trust me . Glen Frey had to step to the mic and ask the crowd to please stop singing along because they were filming for the video and we were drowning out the band , lmao . -LRB- Too bad THAT video is n't for sale . -RRB- They rocked ! Even a hard rain did n't stop them . -LRB- Oh , and an unknown Melissa Ethridge opened for them and was booed off the stage -RRB- .
 Technically , this is flawless . The playing is flawless , the renditions are flawless , the recording and 5.1 surround sound mixing is flawless -LRB- especially worth a listen is the audio-only Seven Bridges Road , where each Eagle has his own speaker to sing out of . The renditions of the songs are so true that , aside from the audience cheers , they may as well be the original studio versions . In fact I 'm not 100 % convinced , in some cases , that they 're not.As a hi-fi or home theatre bench test , this is a great DVD . But as a musical artefact , that 's where the buck stops . The Eagles may have had a reason for getting back together , but it does n't seem to have had anything to do with enjoying performing their music or missing each other
 I feel I must comment on this so called `` Authentic Guitar Tab Edition '' of the Eagles `` Hell Freezes Over '' sheet music . While I absolutely love the DVD and the CD , guitar players should not waste a dime on this worthless piece of garbage . I hate to be so harsh , but it is evident from the first line of tablature that these `` professional '' tab transcribers -LRB- Joe Deloro , Dale Turner , Kenn Chipkin -RRB- never even watched the DVD . Practically every last line of tablature in Hotel California is completely wrong . They have Glen Frey using a capo on the 7th fret . It is obvious in the video that no one -LRB- Frey , Felder , nor Walsh -RRB- has a capo on the 7th fret . Clearly , Frey is using a capo on the 2nd Fret . I believe the old original 1976 LP version probably was played capo 'd at the 7th , but not this version . From here , the accuracy of the tab just deteriorates further . Fret positions are all wrong compared to the video and some progressions are just plain inocrrect . The Eagles are perfectionists when it comes to their music . You 'd think that when Warner Brothers Publications approved and licensed the sheet music , they 'd of done a better job than this . You 're much better off just figuring the guitar parts out yourself by watching the DVD and combing the internet for tablature . There are several people who have done an admirable job of transcribing Hotel California and many of the other songs . They have done a MUCH better job with the tab than the professional lackies mentioned above . It is shameful that such an incredible , beautiful piece of music has been given such lack-luster attention to detail when it comes to providing accurate guitar tablature . OK , I 'm done : -RRB-
 I was so excited to order this DVD after putting together my home theater system with a high end DTS -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- amplifier and sub-woofer . My high expectations were dashed when upon opening the package I quickly realized I 've been had . Not only was there only one song that was on DTS but the particular track was on audio only . I do n't mind buying something for as long as it is what I had expected . You made this item appear more than it really is by attaching the DTS label .
 Although I might keep this DVD in my collection , it would be only for the historical reunion of the Eagles and not for the DVD experience . I enjoy a concert DVD that lets me feel like I 'm at the show sonically and visually , and not as if I 'm watching a slide show with fading effects . My apologies to the director , but when Joe Walsh is playing a solo I like to watch Joe Walsh play the solo . The sound is okay , but visually the 2 second cut from one band member to the next without regard to the instrumental focus or the activity on the stage was extremely frustrating .
 I enjoyed reading Don Felder 's book , Heaven and Hell . In this book he described some of the behind the scenes issues of this performance . When he was asked to be a part of this event and of re-joining the Eagles , he did it . When Glenn and Henley came back , there became this huge control thing happening . At once , the equal pay amounts were thrown out the Window . They were all told where exactly to stand . Felder was moved to the extreme right . If you watch this video , you seldom even see Felder . When he is seen , he is the one who is smiling and enjoying it the most as well as Joe Walsh . When Frey Sings he never sings to the audience but moves to the side which makes me gather that he is and was trully uncomfortable with this part of performing . Henley is way too monolithic . Just way to serious . The performances were ok but not relaxed enough . Also , the show starts way to slow ...
 Ok . I loveD the Eagles . There was a better than 50/50 chance that I had one of their albums in my car . When people hated on them -LRB- there are A LOT of Eagles haters out there -RRB- I defended them wholeheartedly . NO MORE . The only Eagle I did not despise by the end of the DVD was Joe Walsh , who may be the sweetest old man ever . The only reason this DVD did not get 1 star is that the Eagles are still awesome musicians.The Eagles should be heard -LRB- NOT THEIR INTERVIEWS -RRB- and not seen.P.S . Timothy B. Schmidt is the worst . I miss Randy Meisner .
 I saw this concert and it was great and about an hour long , but the DVD I received from this seller has only 3 or 4 tunes performed at the concert . We are so disappointed and feel this seller has been dishonest by advertising this DVD as the whole concert . I wish I could get my money back . Beware of this seller !!!
 I was looking forward to this disc until I tried it . While it really is a good quality disc , only one track was recorded in DTS . I do n't think it justifies the monicker or the extra expense . Both my player and receiver would display DTS/DD playback . I thought it might be my equipment , so checked the fine print and only the last track , `` Seven Bridges Road , '' is recorded in DTS . The rest was n't even DD . Ironic that someone could comment on the how others are n't capable of appreciating DD/DTS when he was n't listening to either .
 If you have all their albums , know all their lyrics , then maybe this is for you , but if your like me , and have heard about 5-6 of their radio songs throughout your life , then you might not like their other stuff . I thought this was WAY SLOW ! And way boring . ZZZZZzzzzzzz Not only were the songs soppy slow , but the band was too
 Who is the genius that decided this should only be released in DTS ?????? I may not be completely state of the art , but my Dolby Digital system is very nice , and I am not spending hundreds of dollars to upgrade any time soon ! This is the only DVD I have come across that I could not listen to in 6 or 2 channel Dolby , my only option here is 2 channel non dolby . Because of this , this disc is worthless to me . I 'm glad I only borrowed it , because I will NOT be buying it any time soon . Even the new Don Henley DVD has both DTS *** AND *** Dolby Digital Sound . What would it have hurt to do the same here ? This is unbelievably thoughtless !!!!
 Maybe if you REALLY love the Eagles you can stomach the bordom of old guys sitting playing electric guitars with the same monotonous heavy drum beat , but compared to other concerts on DVD , it was bad . The only upside was the accurate fidelity of the instruments , but you pay a high price that accuracy . Skip this one .
 Maybe I 'm missing something , but I do n't see what all of the fuss is about . The Eagles were a second rate band who had to do a ` reunion ' tour to earn some money . If they were so good , why did they ever go away ? I just do n't get it . MAybe the songs would have been better if they had mixed them with dance tracks or something . They should have had something better to offer on the stage , like the Backstreet Boys do . This sucked .
 Be careful when ordering this DVD . It is recorded in either DTS and Dolby Digital 5.1 . Make sure your RECEIVER processes DTS otherwise buy the Dolby Digital version . Most all DVD players read and send a DTS & Dolby Digital signal to your receiver but make sure your receiver processes DTS and/or Dolby Digital before you make your decision . I have the DTS version but no DTS processer and had to select the enhanced stereo setting . On the other hand the sound is still impressive . So far no other DVD I 've purchased compares in overall quality . I 'm convinced this is the best way to enjoy music . I 've stopped buying CDs and only buy music DVDs now . I 'm waiting for my old classics to be re-mixed to 5.1 sound with some clips from concerts .
 love the eagles but this is a poor quality copy we received , so we went to a store to get a copy
 My AV receiver is about 2 years old . It does not have a DTS decoder . Most of the newer ones do . This DVD is one of the few DVDs in the world -LRB- maybe it 's up to about 4 or 5 now -RRB- that is recorded in DTS and not Dolby Digital also . If you do n't have a DTS decoder , all you get is PCM stereo . What 's the point of buying a DVD if you ca n't listen to surround sound ? Sure as hell not to see in high resolution all of the wrinkles on Don Henley 's face . If you do n't have a DTS decoder , do n't bother . Buy some of their CDs and get the same audio experince .
 There is undoubtedly a bias in these reviews for those who are pro . I am not . The guy looks nice enough , so I do n't begrudge him a buck or two , but this music is inane and virtually unlistenable . Ask me again after I turn 70 .
 Listen to the 30 second song samples above , and you 'll hear a great variety of beats , most a bit dark but quite funky . Stereo MCs have thrown together a lot of catchy , interesting tracks , and the album has enough changes in tempo and mood to keep ya guessing ... BUT , BUT , BUT ... shabby mixing , man . That 's what those 30 second samples do n't reveal . I mean yikes , the transition from track 1 to 2 is an outright TRAINWRECK - S.MCs do n't even attempt to mix the two songs , and it left quite a sour taste in my mouth from the get-go . I 'm a dj myself , and by no means any good in my opinion , but I would at least have the decency to MATCH THE BEATS on any mix album I 'd put out . They do it again later in album , simply fading from one song to the next without beat matching , which may not be noticable to some , but I know one of the tracks , and the lack o ' mix there was quite obvious to me . They do mix some tracks well , but hey , these beats are n't very complex , and there are too many holes in this mix album to be excused.Cheers to Stereo Mc 's for their choice of music ; some excellent funk and hip-hop selections , but jeers for a poor showcase of beatmatching and overall dj skills . Man , I would consider my own djing skills as just above amatuer , and I could have whipped up most of this mix album - if that tells you anything.Again , listen to the track samples to get a feel for the music selection . . but take it from me , the mixing here is n't anything to scream about . peace .
 I was so excited when I found out that the first five albums by Bananarama were being re-released by collecatables ; a company with a great track record of remastering and re-releasing older collections . I thought that there was a mistake when I opened up the cd and found the flimsey insert thay did not contain any credits or notations but instead simply had an advertisment for the rest of the bananarama re-releases . I could have overlooked the disappointing packaging if the sound had in any way been improved but instead , I was once again let down . These cds sound exactly the same as the original cd releases and are simply embarrassing when compared to London Records ` recent remastered very best of Bananarama . These cds are a rip off . Recent re-releases by other eighties artista such as Duran Duran and Culture Club were completely digitally remastered and contained beautiful reproductions of the original artwork . They re-energized the music and retail for $ 1 less than these amateurish excuses for re-releases . If I was a member of Bananarama , I would insist that all of these low quality cds be recalled immediately and apologies sent to all the fans who were duped into purchasing them . On top of all of that I called their very friendly but ill-informed customer service department six times asking specifically about remastering and I pre-ordered two of the cds directly from Collectables after being led to believe that I would be receiving them before thir release date . I actually received them a day after so on top of feeling ripped off by the quality , I can also add the fact that I paid shipping when I live four blocks from a borders music and close to a Virgin Megastore . I had to pay extra to feel completely ripped off . I will never buy anything from this poor excuse of a record company ever again .
 This is an Italian bootleg , and not from an Italian bootlegger with a good reputation like Great Dane .
 Listen to the 30 second song samples above , and you 'll hear a great variety of beats , most a bit dark but quite funky . Stereo MCs have thrown together a lot of catchy , interesting tracks , and the album has enough changes in tempo and mood to keep ya guessing ... BUT , BUT , BUT ... shabby mixing , man . That 's what those 30 second samples do n't reveal . I mean yikes , the transition from track 1 to 2 is an outright TRAINWRECK - S.MCs do n't even attempt to mix the two songs , and it left quite a sour taste in my mouth from the get-go . I 'm a dj myself , and by no means any good in my opinion , but I would at least have the decency to MATCH THE BEATS on any mix album I 'd put out . They do it again later in album , simply fading from one song to the next without beat matching , which may not be noticable to some , but I know one of the tracks , and the lack o ' mix there was quite obvious to me . They do mix some tracks well , but hey , these beats are n't very complex , and there are too many holes in this mix album to be excused.Cheers to Stereo Mc 's for their choice of music ; some excellent funk and hip-hop selections , but jeers for a poor showcase of beatmatching and overall dj skills . Man , I would consider my own djing skills as just above amatuer , and I could have whipped up most of this mix album - if that tells you anything.Again , listen to the track samples to get a feel for the music selection . . but take it from me , the mixing here is n't anything to scream about . peace .
 Oh my . I was disappointed . He should keep to the songwriting , but leave the singing to Norah .
 There 's no reason to pay big bucks for this out-of-print CD , as all of the tracks are available on the `` Anthology '' 2CD ... and , in far superior remastered audio quality than on this disc .
 Producer Robert John `` Mutt '' Lange is really a rich man , because he can turn things into gold . He got the Midas Touch . This guy produced BACK IN BLACK for AC/DC , then COME ON OVER -LRB- by his wife Shania Twain -RRB- , two of the best selling albums of all times , and also PYROMANIA and HYSTERIA , the best selling albums by Def Leppard . So , it 's clear that this guy knows his business.The trouble with Hysteria is that , in my opinion , the catchy songs featured here would still sell millions of copies if they were recorded with heart , not with total commercialism . As it was , this is a robotic album , devoid of any feelings in the approach to the songs , not the songs themselves . Ok , we must acknowledge the fact that the band kept drummer Rick Allen after he lost his arm , demonstrating they are supportive and generous men.After Hysteria , Def Leppard went into the `` love songs '' market , and never looked back ...
 Black Sabbath once released a greatest hits album entitles ` We Sold Our Souls For Rock And Roll ' . . This album should have been called ` We Sold Out To Play Some Kiddie Pop ' . . -LRB- do you take sugar . . one lump or two ? -RRB- I guess in order to garner ` good recommendations ' for my review I could ` sell out ' -LRB- like Def Leppard did -RRB- and give this cd 5 stars , but then I would be doing you all a diservice -LRB- which is exactly what Def Leppard did to their original fan base -RRB- Fortunately one of my friends bought this when it was originally released , and saved me from wasting any of my money on it.This album and band rivals Krokus and the Blitz -LRB- yeah I know Krokus was n't British -RRB- as epitomizing the rapid decline of Metal and the death of the British Invasion . Over produced records , ripped blue jeans , made for video songs , big hair . By selling out , Def Leppard ushered in the Bon Jovi , Warrent , Poison , Winger -LRB- now there 's a classic . . LOL -RRB- Cinderella hair band era . Who really cared if the music was any good as long as you looked good in spandex and did n't run out of hair spray . . What really makes this album poor is it seems like Def Leppard forgot how to write songs in which you hear drums , vocals and guitars at the same time . Listen to the ` hits ' -LRB- try typing that with a straight face -RRB- off of this album . . For the most part whenever Elliot is singing all you hear is a drum beat and a few guitar chords . By this point in their careers Savage , Collon , Clark and the boys were more worried that they could clap their hands above their heads to the drum beat as Elliot swooned the ladies then they were about playing some kick @ $ $ jams.Go ahead listen to the album again and then compare it to the first two . Where are the guitars ? They are nowhere to be found . Metallic crunch ? What album were you listening to ? This is kiddie pop . It may be kiddie pop at its best , but it 's still kiddie pop.I gave this album 2 stars , only because as hard as it is to believe , Def Leppard went on to release even poorer albums.I do have one question to anyone who claims that this is the greatest album of all time . What runs through your head as you listen to Joe Elliot pleading to be dumped in Sugar . I know the women are thinking does he want Sweet and Low or granular , as for you males ... oh never mind . . Oh yeah , and PLEASE , how could anyone have the nerve to compare ANYTHING on this album to Black Sabbath ... Good grief ...
 What a shame and a waste of money . The sound is so compressed on this remaster -LRB- in the name of making the CD 's as loud as possible -RRB- that the dynamics are simply lost . The music sounds so suppressed and lifeless , including the bonus B-sides . As a Def Leppard fan since 1981 , this is really disappointing . While Hysteria is not my favorite Def Lep album , it is still enjoyable , especially with the 4 main studio B-sides , but not on this remaster.When I first listened to the CD 's they seemed fuller with more low end . It seemed great ... at first . I started to wonder why I began listening to the remaster less and less over the last couple years . Then I dug out the original CD and CD singles . I realized how instruments that jumped out on the original now just all blend together on the remaster . Drum hits that popped out before are softened and now in the background along with every other peak . The definition is gone.A perfect example is the great ending of Women . On this remaster , nothing jumps out . It is no longer the awesome climatic end to the song that it is on the original.Even the B-sides are very adversely affected and not enjoyable at all like they are on previous CD single releases . Tear It Down is so much better on the promo CD of Women or the CD single and CDV single of Animal , which also has the full extended remix of Animal . On this deluxe set , the last section of remix is inexplicably missing . They simply cut it short.The drum intro to Ride Into the Sun sounds so dead . All the life is sucked out of it.Feel can be hard to describe or pinpoint , but the feel and excitement of albums are destroyed by this kind of mastering that has become the norm for new albums and reissues alike . That feeling that made you pump your fist to the original will eventually -LRB- or immediately -RRB- disappear with this version.It makes no difference how loud or full the CD sounds compared to the original . When they eliminate all of the peaks , the music overall loses its power . All of the accents are gone.Unfortunately , the record companies -LRB- and sometimes the artists -RRB- simply want their discs to be as loud as possible . The only way to do that is to compress the music by lowering the peaks and bringing up the valleys.If I posted this review when I first got this remaster it would have been as glowing as some of the other reviews here . It 's easy to think initially `` it 's bigger , fuller and louder '' but over time you 'll wonder why you just do n't enjoy it quite as much anymore . The punch is simply gone.Much if the time , the levels on this remaster are so maxed out that the level indicators on my CD player are all lit up to the max continuously for extended periods without moving up or down . You do n't need to be an audio engineer to realize that nothing can stand out then . Everything is just mushed together . The level indicators should move up and down throughout a song . If you remember the old cassette decks that had those meters , they always bounced up and down . That 's how it was in the recording studio when they recorded these tracks on the master tapes . That 's how it is on the original CD 's . The tracks had dynamics . This remaster has eliminated all of the dynamics of the originals . Parts of songs that used to be loud compared to other parts are relatively reduced in volume and there 's no longer those big contrasts.If you do n't believe it can be that bad , for a great example and side by side comparison , search YouTube for a video titled `` Loudness War is killing music '' -LRB- not my video -RRB- and you 'll see and hear what I 'm talking about comparing Dire Straits ' Money for Nothing original CD vs. the remastered CD . It is the exact same effect as on this remaster.Stick to the original CD and CD singles . It seems tempting to have all of this on 2CD 's , but it is a waste of money and useless when you ca n't enjoy the music.Here 's what to get instead : Hysteria - the Hysteria regular CD -LRB- which is still in-print and has the original mastering as of now -RRB- . The main B-sides : Tear it Down -LRB- 87 mix -RRB- - this is really killed and bland on the deluxe set , all the energy is sucked right out of this awesome track and the drums are completely buried . Get the '87 US Women promo CD , Animal '87 CD single or CD Video single . The Women promo often shows up on eBay.I Wan na Be Your Hero -LRB- 87 mix -RRB- - available on the Hysteria '87 CD single . This is another one of my favorite tracks that has been decimated . When the heavy part kicks in , it created so much energy . On the remaster , it just falls flat . The heavy part is n't loud enough compared to the mellow intro because everything is too maxed out.Ride Into the Sun -LRB- 87 mix -RRB- - also on the Hysteria CD single . This heavy song is also killed on the deluxe set . Compared to the CD single , the drums in the intro sound dead , like cardboard boxes being hit.Ring of Fire -LRB- 87 mix -RRB- - available on the Armageddon It '87 CD single.That 's all the really necessary and killer Hysteria B-sides . The extended mixes are ok for a listen or two , but they 're not better than the album mixes . Release Me is really a joke B-side with one of their roadies doing deliberately awful vocals . Joe does not do any lead vocals on it . The live stuff is ok , but not really necessary . If you really want the extended mixes or live tracks , they are all on various CD singles.Here 's some other horribly compressed remasters I 've wasted money on that should absolutely be avoided . This is by no means a complete list . More remasters these days are overly compressed than not . Simply , these are some of the ones that I own and am really glad I never ditched the original CD 's . These are albums that I love and do not just casually listen to : Iron Maiden : The Number of the Beast 1998 remasterSomewhere inTime 1998 remasterOzzy : Blizzard of Ozz 2010 remasterDiary of a Madman 2010 remaster and 2010 Legacy edition30th Anniversary box set remasters -LRB- are the same as above -RRB- All 2002 remasters : Blizzard , Diary , Bark , Tribute , No Rest , No More Tears , Ozzmosis , Ozzman ComethWhitesnake :1987 -LRB- self-titled -RRB- Deluxe Edition 2010 remaster CD/DVD1987 -LRB- self-titled -RRB- / Slip of the Tongue Axe Killer label 2000 remaster 2CDHere I Go Again The Whitesnake Collection 2CD of Slide/1987/SlipAnthrax : Among the Living Deluxe Edition 2009 remaster CD/DVDHope all of that helps . You have been warned . Do n't waste your money on this remaster . Get the originals if you really want to enjoy this music the way it should sound .
 I was a fan of Leppard during their Pyromania era but this album is just more of beating a tired , dead , not that great to begin with horse . Not a whole lot to say other than this album sounds the same as every album from this era , not to good just popular .
 I 'm sorry but there 's like two great songs on here and the rest , to me , epitomizes everything that was wrong with eighties pop music . Overblown , pretentious , and painfully predictable . I ca n't believe I used to like these guys when I was a wee tot , and did n't even know that bands like the Replacements or Husker Du existed simply because they would n't play them on the radio . Oh well . Might as well get the greatest hits CD . It has `` Rock of Ages '' AND `` Armageddon It '' on it , so that 's cool . Oh and pick `` Slippery When Wet '' too . But that 's IT . No more mainstream pop ! I can only take so much of this `` Rock On ! '' schtick . You ?
 I was so hyped to get this album when it was released . After the double shot High & Dry and Pyromania , Def Leppard could do no wrong in my eyes ... . Then they released Hysteria . Very polished , very slick , very pop . The metal was gone and so was I as one of their fans .
 That 's what this album is all about . Taken by producer Mutt Lange to new astonishing levels of commercialism , Def Leppard completely sold out with this album . The electronic and annoying drumming , the `` let 's rock , let 's make love '' lyrics , all the cliches . Gone was the high raw energy of the band that recorded High 'N Dry and On Through The Night . Ok , the changes began in PYROMANIA , but here in HYSTERIA they threww all barriers to the wind . Money and huge sales was the only thought since the word go .
 I remember waiting anxiously for this album to come out . I was so excited for it because I loved Pyromania and HighnDry . What a collosal dissapointment . Leppard sold out on this commercial , stupid , souless album . It 's great if your a 13 year old teeny-bopper , but stick to the older stuff if you want to rock .
 Hysteria . ** I see great polarities in the reviews of this record . I fall in the camp that sees this as a overproduced microtargeted superficial pop record designed for radio and MTV . I consider that shrewd writing & marketing . Brilliance is a term I 'll reserve for Led Zeppelin.I tend to like my rock harder , with two arms and less cheesy . Sadly , this record does n't fit the bill . For that , Pete Willis era Def Leppard suits me much better.I do n't need to give you a song breakdown by breakdown . The important factor here is what you enjoy . If you enjoy superficial 1980s MTV pop or mindblowing heavy rock - that distinction will determine your opinion here . This album is definetly the former.I 'll beg to differ with the Amazon reviewer - it * DOES * sound dated . Its a record thats signifigant for its hype . When listened for its depth . It is symbolic of the later part of the decade which it was released.Prepare to be transported back to the spandex era on plopping this disc in .
 It came in horrible condition . It looked like it was scraped with a knife . It plays half of the first song , and then you get nothing from the rest of the CD . It 's totally useless . Had to toss it . I had to wait a couple months to get it too .
 I am a huge Def Leppard fan
 If you like over produced , slick MTV hair metalpop with band members who have strategically placed tears in their jeans this is for you . Me ? I 'll listen to Jane 's Addiction 's `` Nothing Shocking '' instead .
 Please save your money . Do not buy trash like this . Of course if are in sane and like 80 's music and u are a Def Leppard fan u might like this but if u are a normal person u likes 90 's music do n't waste money buying this or your time listening to it .
 Def Leppard started out churning out pretty respectable metal that skirted the pop edge of the genre . On Through The Night and High And Dry laid a solid foundation for the excellent Pyromania , and it 's success on the pop charts apparently left a taste in the mouths of the Leps because that was obviously where they were headed with this lame followup . This was hands down the most awaited album and the biggest disappointment of the 80 's for me . Pop metal I can stand , but if I want squealy girly metal , I 'll listen to Poison or Vixen , maybe even Journey . The only Journey path that the Leps did n't follow on this was a tour bus video . Bad beyond belief .
 This was the album that made Def Leppard from a metal band into a `` rock '' band . People who give this 5 stars talk about its `` glossy production '' and how `` You can take Neil Peart , John Bonham , Ginger Baker , Keith Moon , -LRB- and -RRB- Alex Van Halen ... and they do n't compare ... to Rick Allen . '' That is ridiculous . Even before he lost an arm , Rick was n't that great of a drummer . The only drummer that ca n't compare to him is AC/DC 's Phil Rudd , and he had two arms!By the way , the production on the other albums was fine . They were heavier , and they did n't have the `` echoey '' vocals and sound effects that do n't really add anything to the album.Joe Elliot sounds like a shell of his performance on `` Pyromania '' , and , like I said , the guitars are n't heavy enough.Onto the songs ... Women 6/10 . This song is practically all vocals , with Steve coming in to play a couple hair metal riffs . And why is the solo even in there ? It stinks.Rocket 5/10 . Sounds exactly like Women , except it 's a little more annoying.Animal 6/10 . Catchy , but the slick , watered-down production drags it down.Love Bites 4/10 . Terrible . A typical power ballad that demonstrates what I meant about Rick being an average drummer.Pour Some Sugar On Me 6/10 . A good song at its core . Terrible lyrics , even by Def Leppard standards . It has a good riff , but Mutt Lange had to screw this one up with his production.Armageddon 6/10 . One of the best songs on the album . Joe Elliot admitted that they were trying to write a T.Rex-like song with this . C'mon , Steve!Gods of War 5/10 . Long and boring . A real metal band like Metallica could write a song this long without boring you - witness ` Fade to Black ' . Die Hard the Hunter on Pyromania was better.Don ' t Shoot Shotgun 7/10 . Finally , a good solid rock song ! This is one adrenaline-pumping song I would n't mind listening to - if it were n't for Joe 's vocals.Run Riot 8/10 . Would have been very good filler on Pyromania . The fastest , not to mention best , song on the album , it has one flaw , the poppy chorus . Joe finally sings high , too.Hysteria 5/10 . Ugh . The soft guitars on this one leave no doubt that the Leps have officially sold out . This album should have been called Run Riot.Excitable 8/10 . Really catchy . Great fun to listen to . There 's only one riff , and strangely , it does n't get boring.Love and Affection 4/10 . Pure filler , fat that should have been trimmed off the album.I 've been a little hard on Hysteria , but considering how completely awesome Leppard was before this , it was justified . It 's a four star album , but it was brought down by the band - and Mutt Lange 's commercial aspirations.P.S.MTV , why do you exist ? All you do is make good bands sell out.Signing off , Mike
 Remember when Metallica sold out in 1991 with their horrible , attrocious , self-titled `` $ uck-o-rama '' CD known as The Black Album ? Well four years before Metallica went corporate , Def Leppard beat them to it with the abomination known as `` Hysteria '' . `` Hysteria '' is Def Leppard 's version of The Black Album ... watered down , formulaic , radio ready corporate rock bull $ hit . I was only ten when I unwrapped a copy of `` Hysteria '' on Christmas Day in 1987 , and by the time I finished playing it for the first time , I was almost ready to cry ! What had become of my favourite band ? I played that record over and over that day , looking in vein for the high energy rock n roll that had made Def Leppard famous only a few years earlier ... but sad to say , I found nothing ... nothing but wimpy , sugary sweet , radio ready pop rock power ballads for the teenage girls to swoon over . Thats it boys ... do n't play your instruments too hard ... you do n't want to break a guitar string ... cut your hair ... sing pretty ... all the teenage girls will love you for it and your album will fly off the shelves ! This album is so awful that I hav n't listened to it in almost 20 years , and do n't ever plan to again . This band sold out so bad that I can even picture the Backstreet Boys covering one of their songs ! Hysteria truely was the death of a great band.Def LeppardBorn 1977Died 1987Rest in Peace
 purchased item because it was listed like new but when arrived the item was anything but ! I could not even play in my CD player for 2 sec . entire cd was scratched . There was no way the person that sent this out made a mistake & thought that is could have been in better shape it was destroyed , she was hoping I would play for it and not complain . Make sure you always complain it 's your money , it 's worth complaining you work hard for it .
 I became a fan of Def Leppard many years before they became popular to the general public . `` On Through The Night '' , `` High and Dry '' and `` Pyromania '' are all great Rock records , with `` High and Dry '' being one of the best Rock records of all time . The terrible songs on `` Hysteria '' obviously proves that when it came time for this group to get together and write songs ; Pete Willis was THE MAN . They are nothing without Pete 's inventive and catchy rock guitar riffs . Dumb Leppard should have never kicked him out of the band . This piece of garbage actually deserves `` zero '' stars but one star is the lowest rating Amazon will allow .
 I did n't realize that yours was the only opinion that mattered , but being the man I am , I can respect the fact that you like the Def Leppard prom band versus the Def Leppard rock band of a few years earlier .
 This album is both lame and weak I bought this hopping it would rock like everyone says it would but it doesnt ! `` Pour Some Sugar On Me '' and `` Rock It '' are the only good songs on this album , all the rest are either Lame or very weak ! ... this one doesnt get the job done !
 How can a band go from teetering on the edge of pop-metal greatness , as Def Leppard did with -LSB- i -RSB- Pyromania -LSB- / i -RCB- , then suddenly do an about face and start jockeying to take Journey 's place on the power-ballad parade ? To call this pop-metal is a slap in the face to anyone who likes the volume set on 11 . Or 5 . Plop-metal is more like it because it 's the sound these turds make when they start the trip through the waste treatment system . No wonder Steve Clark drank himself to death . He probably could n't stand to look at his sold-out face in the mirror .
 Def Leppard records their two first albuns , ON THROUGH THE NIGHT and HIGH 'N DRY . THe two of them are hard rock at its best . Then they release PYROMANI . Already utterly commercial , but still a sdtrong album . THen they hit the jackpot with the worst album so far , HYSTERIA . Go figure ... An album filled with flat drumming , commercial production , sugary and awful ballads , the worst possible ingredients from hair-metal ...
 i can not describe how much i hate this album and this band ! this is one of the most commercial albums ever made ! this is for the girls only !
 When Pyromania came out it was a breath of fresh air . In fact , even today that album sounds great . However , I blame this album for great deal of the cheese factor of the 80 's . I know that it sold more copies than the bible but it really was a disappointing follow up . It has n't worn well with time , and while I can respect that some people love this album and its songs , I think it 's fair for me to say that just hearing the phrase `` Do you take sugar , one lump or two '' gives me tremors . -LRB- This review was edited to give two stars . Some friends convinced me I was n't being completely fair . It gets an extra star for meaning so much to so many , whether or not I `` get it '' or not . -RRB-
 Producer Robert John Lange got the midas touch . Working with very different type of artists , he managed to produce three of the best selling albums of all time
 This is Def Leppard 's best album by far and no mean feat considering the drummer only had one arm by this time ! Every track is brilliant and every pain-staking detail was taken in the recording which means the sound quality is also very , very good for a 1987 disc . It 's frightening how much better it 'll sound once they get around to remastering this thing.Unfortunately , this is not one of those times . Given the very hefty price tag on this thing in order to justify upgrading from your existing copy , it has got to be a major improvement at least from the aesthetics of the cardboard sleeve and especially when it comes to sound quality . The cardboard sleeve is nothing to shout about given what is currently out there e.g. . The Band , Hall & Oates etc that have been very well designed from thicker good quality cardboard which is so well assembled that you do n't fear it coming apart when the glue wears out like it is here . The inclusion of the inner jacket replica and an insert with all the lyrics in both English and Japanese also is n't enough to justify a ridiculously expensive upgrade either.The biggest crime though is the SHM-CD `` remastered '' sound quality which is really very , very poor . In fact , my existing old copy sounds even better ! Listening to both , there is nothing to distinguish between the two except for the cardboard sleeve with the SHM-CD label on the front and the vastly different sound quality which is so much better on the old copy . I 'm very very disappointed to have waited so long and this is what they have come up with
 Everyday Sunday I gave youa second chance to make a good record and you ca n't do it . Break Up . I will buy 100cd 's right now , if you never release another record again . This CD was a huge let down .
 Just because is Christian does n't mean you have to like them . Their is plenty of bad music out there and Everyday Sunday is one of them . As for worshiping God I did n't see any Christian songs on this train wreck called an album . Anyone who buys this record is tone deaf .
 I thought Stand Up was a bad record . But Anthems for the imperfect is terrible ! Atleast Stand Up had like 4 good songs . This record just sucks ! Shame on Flicker Records for releasing such a crap record . The day te music died was when Everyday Sunday became a band .
 If your into cheesy christian rock thats sure to make it to mainstream christian radio , then this is your band . Other wise , stay clear . There first album was so so much better then this crap on this album . They had such a unique sound on there first album , now , they sound like every other christian band thats just trying to make it on the radio . Total dissappointment ...
 Now do n't get me wrong , I an a HUGE Kansas fan . But this album is a rip off ! It 's the King Biscuit Flower Hour album just re-ordered ! Not a cool thing to do to Kansas fans . Looks like BMG was out to get some cash ...
 THIS IS A SLEAZY RECORD COMPANY TRICK TO STEAL YOUR MONEY.BMG record company has relased a whole series of `` Extended Versions '' CD 's . They take some songs off of a previous released live albums and repackage it in a very deceptive way . The packaging is cheap and there are no liner notes , so you do n't know the source of the music . If you are any kind of fan of the group , you probably already own the original live CD and then you get excited when you see this CD , buy and then find out you just wasted your money on something you already own.Also deceptive is the titles `` Extended Versions '' . In most cases , these songs are just live versions that are about the same length as the original studio versions.Beware of anything from BMG Special Products . It is almost always repackaged music with deceptive packaging , with the sole purpose of stealing your money . If they were honest , they would include notes about the source material so you knew what you were getting .
 A remastered version of this import was enticing . I own the Canadian import but disliked the inferior sound and mix . When I purchased the reissue I was disappointed to find the guitar solo missing from `` Tougher Than The Rest '' and the preamble missing from `` Chimes Of Freedom '' . However , the versions of `` Be True '' and `` Born To Run '' are excellent . I wish Columbia had chosen to release the full length version . Stick with the import .
 The domestic version is the same as the CD3 . The solo in `` Tougher than the Rest '' is edited out and the intro to `` Chimes of Freedom '' is gone . Buy the import , which is the same as the LP and is unedited .
 I give this one star based solely on the fact that this transfer should have been complete . Instead , like the CD3 , the guitar solo in `` Tougher '' and the intro in `` Chimes '' are missing . The Canadian import has no edits and the same cover art as the original EP -LRB- unlike the new US CD , which has a new pic of Bruce -RRB- . Sure it costs a little more , but worth it . If you 're a die hard like me , you 'll probably buy them both anyway -LRB- like I did -RRB- .
 Bruce brings feeling like he means it to `` Chimes of Freedom . '' Feeling behind those words produces great power.The rest of the disc is waste .
 The best of this EP disc are the other tunes on the album , `` Tougher Than The Rest , '' `` Be True , '' and an acoustic version of `` Born to Run . '' These are all tunes that will get a smile from Springsteen fans . None are extraordinary , but they 're all good.The title track is everything Springsteen haters detest about the Jersey Jesus anad then some . The song opens to a long 1:20 sermon delivered in the most self-righteous pompous tone of voice in which Springsteen salutes Amnesty International as if he is the enlightened one preaching down to the ignorant masses.I for one wish Bruce Springsteen would shut the F !!! up about politics . He is a fanatic true believer of the hard core left wing dogma that permeates the entertainment industry but where he is a genius at writing incredible songs that give meaning and purpose to the heroes of everyday life , he is no genius on matters of history and politics just a blind adherent who follows the script.The performance of `` Chimes of Freedom '' that would be a great song for Bruce and crew to perform is n't strong enough to go through the effort of using some fancy software and editing out his Amnesty International blah-blah-blah to make a nice custom disc.If you are politically to the left of the Clinton 's this disc is just for you , but if you 're an old school Democrat , Middle-of-the-Road Moderate , or God forbid , Republican , you will find this disc highly offensive .
 I take exception to Chris Wallace 's comment that this is the best summation of Elvis 's Columbia years -LRB- now released on Ryko -RRB- . I rate it `` 1 '' star only to get your attention here before making a hasty decision ! It is still quite good of course . The better collection is available at Amazon as an import -LRB- see below -RRB- and is called `` Girls , Girls , Girls '' on Columbia . It consists of 2 CD 's containing 50 tracks hand-picked -LRB- with comments -RRB- by Elvis himself . The only `` hits '' missing are `` You 're Not the Only Flame '' and `` Peace , Love , & Understanding . '' For 20 bucks you 're gon na get the artists ' pick of his best material . It 's not chronological and is sequenced quite nicely . Elvis ' liner notes are insightful and funny . If forced to own just one Elvis Costello CD , `` Girls , Girls , Girls '' would be it .
 Elvis Costello is a Alright Song-Writer but on a Whole Very Overrated.David Lee ROth was Right The Only Reason Why Critics Dug Elvis Costello was Because He Looked Like Them.His Music is Nothing Special.Alison is a Good Song.but his Music on a Whole is Not all that Original .
 IF YOU LIKE LIGHT DISCO POP FROM THE LATE EIGHTIES , ESPECIALLY DEAD OR ALIVE , THAN YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD . THIS IS MORE OF A PRODUCERS ALBUM THAN A GROUP ALBUM.Released in 1987 , this is Bananarama 's fourth album -LRB- not their third as others have said -RRB- . It is 42 minutes long and the sound quality is pretty good but not excellent.This is one of those CD 's that is more influenced by the producers than it is by the group . This is not like previous Bananarama albums.The CD was produced by the disco producing team of Stock , Aitken and Waterman . It sounds just like any of their other disco CD 's from the late eighties , especially Dead or Alive . This is cookie cutter , by-the-numbers fluff . It could be anybody singing the songs and it would n't make any difference.The music is light , fluffy drivel . The lyrics are love songs -LRB- Guilty of Love in the First Degree -RRB- targetted at teenage girls . There is no emotion or interest in the music.Bananarama 's talent is really wasted on this CD . The songs are sung in a boring , straight ahead manner . It could be anyone singing the songs . It rarely features the overlapping styles or the playing off of each other.The only good song on this CD is the R&B ; classic , Nathan Jones . This song goes back to the older Bananarama releases and shows how good the band can really be.This British version of disco pop was very popular for about two years , but quickly died by 1988 . Groups like Dead or Alive had million sellers one ablum , and the very next album would n't even chart.NOTE THAT THERE ARE OTHER VERSIONS OF THIS CD WITH BONUS TRACKS -LRB- other dance versions of these songs -RRB- .
 IF YOU LIKE LIGHT DISCO POP FROM THE LATE EIGHTIES , ESPECIALLY DEAD OR ALIVE , THAN YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD . THIS IS MORE OF A PRODUCERS ALBUM THAN A GROUP ALBUM.Released in 1987 , this is Bananarama 's fourth album -LRB- not their third as others have said -RRB- . It is 42 minutes long and the sound quality is pretty good but not excellent.This is one of those CD 's that is more influenced by the producers than it is by the group . This is not like previous Bananarama albums.The CD was produced by the disco producing team of Stock , Aitken and Waterman . It sounds just like any of their other disco CD 's from the late eighties , especially Dead or Alive . This is cookie cutter , by-the-numbers fluff . It could be anybody singing the songs and it would n't make any difference.The music is light , fluffy drivel . The lyrics are love songs -LRB- Guilty of Love in the First Degree -RRB- targetted at teenage girls . There is no emotion or interest in the music.Bananarama 's talent is really wasted on this CD . The songs are sung in a boring , straight ahead manner . It could be anyone singing the songs . It rarely features the overlapping styles or the playing off of each other.The only good song on this CD is the R&B ; classic , Nathan Jones . This song goes back to the older Bananarama releases and shows how good the band can really be.This British version of disco pop was very popular for about two years , but quickly died by 1988 . Groups like Dead or Alive had million sellers one ablum , and the very next album would n't even chart.NOTE THAT THERE ARE OTHER VERSIONS OF THIS CD BONUS TRACKS WITH FEWER TRACKS , BUT INCLUDE THE DANCE MIXES OF SOME SONGS .
 IF YOU LIKE LIGHT DISCO POP FROM THE LATE EIGHTIES , ESPECIALLY DEAD OR ALIVE , THAN YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD . THIS IS MORE OF A PRODUCERS ALBUM THAN A GROUP ALBUM.Released in 1987 , this is Bananarama 's fourth album . It is 42 minutes long and the sound quality is pretty good but not excellent.This is one of those CD 's that is more influenced by the producers than it is by the group . This is not like previous Bananarama albums.The CD was produced by the disco producing team of Stock , Aitken and Waterman . It sounds just like any of their other disco CD 's from the late eighties , especially Dead or Alive . This is cookie cutter , by-the-numbers fluff . It could be anybody singing the songs and it would n't make any difference.The music is light , fluffy drivel . The lyrics are love songs -LRB- Guilty of Love in the First Degree -RRB- targetted at teenage girls . There is no emotion or interest in the music.Bananarama 's talent is really wasted on this CD . The songs are sung in a boring , straight ahead manner . It could be anyone singing the songs . It rarely features the overlapping styles or the playing off of each other.The only good song on this CD is the R&B ; classic , Nathan Jones . This song goes back to the older Bananarama releases and shows how good the band can really be.This British version of disco pop was very popular for about two years , but quickly died by 1988 . Groups like Dead or Alive had million sellers one ablum , and the very next album would n't even chart.NOTE THAT THERE ARE OTHER VERSIONS OF THIS CD WITH BONUS TRACKS -LRB- other dance versions of these songs -RRB- .
 There is undoubtedly a bias in these reviews for those who are pro . I am not . The guy looks nice enough , so I do n't begrudge him a buck or two , but this music is inane and virtually unlistenable . Ask me again after I turn 70 .
 Other than a lack of vocal range , limited guitar skills and monotonous songs that stick to whining about how lonely she is there is n't any way to fault Wheeler . `` I wish I could Faaaaallll in love ... '' Uh , Cheryl , maybe if you stopped whining . Pedestrain . She 's a much better comedianne than performer or writer .
 This song sounds better in French . This song is quite cheesy , it 's almost bad .
 Bruce brings feeling like he means it to `` Chimes of Freedom . '' Feeling behind those words produces great power.The rest of the disc is waste .
 The best of this EP disc are the other tunes on the album , `` Tougher Than The Rest , '' `` Be True , '' and an acoustic version of `` Born to Run . '' These are all tunes that will get a smile from Springsteen fans . None are extraordinary , but they 're all good.The title track is everything Springsteen haters detest about the Jersey Jesus anad then some . The song opens to a long 1:20 sermon delivered in the most self-righteous pompous tone of voice in which Springsteen salutes Amnesty International as if he is the enlightened one preaching down to the ignorant masses.I for one wish Bruce Springsteen would shut the F !!! up about politics . He is a fanatic true believer of the hard core left wing dogma that permeates the entertainment industry but where he is a genius at writing incredible songs that give meaning and purpose to the heroes of everyday life , he is no genius on matters of history and politics just a blind adherent who follows the script.The performance of `` Chimes of Freedom '' that would be a great song for Bruce and crew to perform is n't strong enough to go through the effort of using some fancy software and editing out his Amnesty International blah-blah-blah to make a nice custom disc.If you are politically to the left of the Clinton 's this disc is just for you , but if you 're an old school Democrat , Middle-of-the-Road Moderate , or God forbid , Republican , you will find this disc highly offensive .
 A remastered version of this import was enticing . I own the Canadian import but disliked the inferior sound and mix . When I purchased the reissue I was disappointed to find the guitar solo missing from `` Tougher Than The Rest '' and the preamble missing from `` Chimes Of Freedom '' . However , the versions of `` Be True '' and `` Born To Run '' are excellent . I wish Columbia had chosen to release the full length version . Stick with the import .
 The domestic version is the same as the CD3 . The solo in `` Tougher than the Rest '' is edited out and the intro to `` Chimes of Freedom '' is gone . Buy the import , which is the same as the LP and is unedited .
 I give this one star based solely on the fact that this transfer should have been complete . Instead , like the CD3 , the guitar solo in `` Tougher '' and the intro in `` Chimes '' are missing . The Canadian import has no edits and the same cover art as the original EP -LRB- unlike the new US CD , which has a new pic of Bruce -RRB- . Sure it costs a little more , but worth it . If you 're a die hard like me , you 'll probably buy them both anyway -LRB- like I did -RRB- .
 I bought this CD on 24th Jan 2008 and its now 24 Feb 2008 and the fu ** ing thing still has n't arrived . This is consistent with Amazon , you buy something and just accept it will take a month to arrive even if you pay a premium for express delivery . ` Express delivery ' is a total fu ** ing con as well .
 Hmmm , after a couple of listens I 'm definitely disappointed , the 4 remixes do n't thump at all , they 're pretty tinny sounding to me , was expecting more thump for the money . The original version has more thump and bass than these mixes . Anyone want my copy , FREE ?!?!?
 I 'm sorry , but this album is horrible . The drastic drop in quality from the brilliant , affecting `` Honky Chateau '' LP makes it clear , in retrospect , that this is where Elton made the tacky transition from `` Artist '' to `` Entertainer '' . Sure , `` Daniel '' still sounds great ; but `` Have Mercy on the Criminal '' is just horrid , and `` Midnight Creeper '' is quite possibly the most embarrassing Rolling Stones imitation of all-time . And the rest just reeks of early-70s tackiness -- all dressed up in baby blue polyester suits with nowhere to go ...
 `` Crocodile Rock '' is surely one of the most annoying tunes ever to hit the radio , and it is the main hit on this album . OK , `` Daniel '' was also a hit , and is tolerable , but the rest of this album reeks . Elton John is vastly overrated .
 One of the noisiest live recording that they have the nerve to release . Ms Price is glorious . But everytime she sings a high note or even a medium loud note , there is static . I 'm not talking just static . I 'm talking like a bad cel phone.Don ' t get this , rather I recommend her most fabulous Puccini Heroines which no one alive can sing better .
 Be careful with this one , it 's only a DVD single featuring TWO songs . I can hardly call that a good deal , even at $ 8 . Unfortunately , I glanced over the good reviews and ordered it before I realized my mistake .
 I thought that the artist was Avril Lavigne . Who IS the artist ???
 This rating is not for the album itself but for the mastering PTG/Vinyl Masterpiece uses . Do n't ever buy anything from PTG/Vinyl Masterpiece . Their songs are mastered from vinyl and the songs end abruptly . There is just a nasty chop at the end of every song like they were trying to hide the vinyl rumbling when the song goes off . I bought Atlantic Starr 's `` Radiant '' album from PTG thinking it was remastered from the original master tapes . I was so disappointed and felt cheated . Skip this release !
 I bought this CD in order to get the song , Boogie Blues , which is listed in the album contents . I will tell you that this song is not on the CD . I wuz robbed . Fred A. Powell
 On this album , the friends and neighbors of the Cartwrights visit them for a Christmas Eve party . Songs are sung , and stories are told . Unfortunately , the only Cartwright that could sing , Pernell Roberts , barely appears on the album . He does n't attend the party , and is only heard in a flashback to last year 's Christmas party , singing `` The Newborn King '' . The other actors are n't very good singers , with Dan Blocker being especially bad . This CD is for serious Bonanza fans only .
 On this album , the friends and neighbors of the Cartwrights visit them for a Christmas Eve party . Songs are sung , and stories are told . Unfortunately , the only Cartwright that could sing , Pernell Roberts , barely appears on the album . He does n't attend the party , and is only heard in a flashback to last year 's Christmas party , singing `` The Newborn King '' . The other actors are n't very good singers , with Dan Blocker being especially bad . This CD is for serious Bonanza fans only .
 I purchased this CD , thinking I had stumbled upon something by the group Cake that I did n't already own.I was EXTREMELY disappointed -- this is NOT by the band `` Cake '' ! It is by the band `` Trashcan Sinatras '' , and , well , it 's going into the trashcan . It is intolerably wimpy -- nothing like the rockin ' , quirky , well-enunciated , creativity of the band Cake !
 Sometimes an artist gets tied up with a label that does n't know what it 's doing and tries to string together `` stars . '' This is the 2nd collaboration that has gone awry in the Cecil annals . The first was a duet with Max Roach . Sadly , it was recorded too early into the tour and before Max , maybe the best drummer Cecil ever played with , had mastered CT 's music . Momentum has the similar problems . Early into the recording you three guys lost . Dewey blowing something silly without much rhyme or reason . Elvin on a different path . CT gives in and just mocks the affair with a bunch of silly chords . Eventually , the music gets better , then worse . Momentum just should have never been released without a little more rehearsel , but that cost money so screw the art . The powers that be toss it out on a public that can be satisfied with nothing but a buncha notes in a mall anyway . Despite all the problems , it was probably a good seller , but obviously not enough to keep in print .
 After hearing the debut album from Fischer 's latest project Triptkon I thought wow I have to check out that Apollyon Sun side project and see what that was all about . I was psyched to find it for a mere two bits brand new from one of Amazon 's Marketplace Sellers . I must admit I am glad that is all I paid for it . It just sounds like a poor White Zombie album to me . I think that Celtic Frost -LRB- especially the last line up -RRB- was top notch and Triptykon has a great future I believe . I know that this was a side project of Tom 's and he admitted it was different from his normal style . I gave this one the 40 minute elliptical trainer test on my ITouch at the gym and it did n't keep me pumped although I still finished ! I know some reviewers mentioned NIN and other bands that I have heard that this does sound more like and I realized I do n't like those bands so I guess it 's no surprise I did n't like this one either .
 This album has a sheer lack of good taste that haunts Thomas Fischer -LRB- a.k.a. Satanic Slaughter , Th . Fischer , Tom Warrior , Thomas Gabriel -RRB- since Into the Pandemonium , regarded as avant garde but , in my opinion , just out-of-topic-metal . It is n't metal , it is n't industrial , it is n't pop . It is just bad music in all senses . Messiah should not be cited in such a way . What is the necessity of something called R U Morbid , with some `` Uh '' 's ? The album -LRB- and the band -RRB- has a severe lack of concept.The listener remains with a strange feeling -LRB- in a bad sense -RRB- . If Thomas does n't want to be remembered for his earliest work , then why all the citations ? Listen and get irritated .
 Listen to the 30 second song samples above , and you 'll hear a great variety of beats , most a bit dark but quite funky . Stereo MCs have thrown together a lot of catchy , interesting tracks , and the album has enough changes in tempo and mood to keep ya guessing ... BUT , BUT , BUT ... shabby mixing , man . That 's what those 30 second samples do n't reveal . I mean yikes , the transition from track 1 to 2 is an outright TRAINWRECK - S.MCs do n't even attempt to mix the two songs , and it left quite a sour taste in my mouth from the get-go . I 'm a dj myself , and by no means any good in my opinion , but I would at least have the decency to MATCH THE BEATS on any mix album I 'd put out . They do it again later in album , simply fading from one song to the next without beat matching , which may not be noticable to some , but I know one of the tracks , and the lack o ' mix there was quite obvious to me . They do mix some tracks well , but hey , these beats are n't very complex , and there are too many holes in this mix album to be excused.Cheers to Stereo Mc 's for their choice of music ; some excellent funk and hip-hop selections , but jeers for a poor showcase of beatmatching and overall dj skills . Man , I would consider my own djing skills as just above amatuer , and I could have whipped up most of this mix album - if that tells you anything.Again , listen to the track samples to get a feel for the music selection . . but take it from me , the mixing here is n't anything to scream about . peace .
 This recording does n't possess the beautiful molodies found in their first effort `` Cake '' . I scan the disk and try to find a memorible chord or riff and there is none to be found . I still listen the Cake and soar . Cake has been in the front of my CD rack for 9 years . I would love nothing more than the Sinatras go back to their roots and record what they do best .
 Best Tracks
 DO NOT touch this album if you ca n't take an almost constant double bass drum throughout almost all the songs . It 's exhausting . It 's uncreative . It 's boring . I do n't know if it is good or bad , i ca n't manage to hear the album , not with the constant couble bass drum there ... they should invent some filter fot that ... jesus ...
 There are some bands whose lyrical content might be described as `` cheesy , '' but who write songs that show that they KNOW they are being cheesy and having fun , and have the musical chops to back things up . Case in point , Iron Maiden . Yet on the other hand , there are bands whose music is huge mounds of processed dairy product , yet they are blissfully unaware of just how over-the-top and cheesy they are . Italian Power/Epic Metal group Rhapsody is just such a band.I 've never seen a band use cheese and bombast as a crutch as much as Rhapsody . This is a band that is ALWAYS on ; ALWAYS at full throttle , never letting up with the sheer cheesiness , and no , power metal fans , that is NOT a good thing . One can only take so much cheese , so many wild guitar solos , anthemic , uplifting choruses and keyboard defecations before one gets sick of it and vomits it all up . Like so many bad metal bands , Rhapsody know no concept of subtlety . I honestly had difficulty remembering any distinct tracks at a later time , simply because they all blended together into one big mass of Power Metal cheese . When it comes to overdoing things , Manowar has NOTHING on these guys . Needless to say , if you 've heard one Rhapsody album , you 've heard them all.Lyrically , you 've got plenty of epic battles , mighty warriors , and elves , fairies , unicorns frolicking in the forest . It 's like they had all read Dragonlance , Wheel of Time , and Lord of the Rings far too many times and decided to write metal music about it . Did these guys ever watch `` This is Spinal Tap ? '' I can seriously imagine Rhapsody performing `` Stonehenge , '' complete with the undersized Stonehenge and dancing dwarves . They are that cheesy . The band describes themselves as `` Hollywood Metal , '' yet I do n't remember any Hollywood scores as overindulgent as this , nor did they feature the laughably bad spoken-word narrations as found on this album.Despite the incredible bombast and flair , Rhapsody 's music is like cotton candy . It 's light , fluffy , and sickeningly sweet , with no real lasting flavor . If you like metal music that sounds like something from your local Ren Fair , then by all means buy every Rhapsody album there is . But for me , I 'd be embarrassed to own this stuff .
 This band is the funniest thing I have ever seen . Go to their website , www.mightyrhapsody.com here you will find why they are so damn funny . These guys actually believe they are dragon slayers ! I ca n't stop laughing at this band ! Say hello to Medieval Metal !
 How does the Metal genre expect to be taken seriously with this garbage in existence ? I thought the market for traditional metal and Power metal died by the end of 1991 because it refused to expand into new territory . It seems that in the past seven years though , legions of new Power metal/traditional Metal bands have managed to resurrect two Metal subgenres that died for a reason . This music makes me want to bury my head in the sand -LRB- the same way an ostrich does -RRB- . P.S.
 Sorry guys , I respect everyone 's opinions , but this stuff sound laughable to me . I never thought epic metal was really appealing , since I doubt electric guitars mix well with medieval atmospheres . But I do think people like Ronnie James Dio were wise enough to keep the music somewhat on a different level than what it tried to represent . Imagery is one thing , being a parody is somewhat different . This CD sounds like a group that 's actually trying to make fun of epic metal . Unless you 're into this stuff -LRB- being it COMPLETE devotion to the most cartoon-like wannabe Superhero Knights -RRB- I recommend to avoid this like the plague .
 Ok the cover will get your attention , the makeup of the band will do the same and even the fact that Rollins produced it wil get it some fame , but the lyrics are absurd and childish and the music has no real direction .
 I admit it -- I never of Merritt before 69 Love Songs , but now I know why . The incredible songwriting and humor of Love Songs came out of nowhere -- there 's nothing on this record that would even hint at it . The songs here are mostly flat , the singing incredibly tame and insipid for a bunch of `` indie '' heroes . Barbara Manning , e.g. , should be recording children 's albums . Three or four songs are somewhat memorable , but this is strictly for diehard fans .
 I liked :2 : Aging Spinsters6 : Pillow Fight13 : Puerto Rico Waythe rest sounded a bit bland . The song lengths are not to long which is good because even if these songs were any longer they would start to be boring .
 First I would to make a remark to all those who generously compared Rhapsody with bands like Blind Guardian Iced Earth . Please do n't be silly ! No such comparison could be ever made -LRB- Rhapsody , they do n't even have a proper bas -RRB- When I listened to the album for the first time I got this awkward feeling that this is not even heavy metal . The vocals are weak and just not convincing enough , the sound is bellow any standards too.I have to say though that the boys have a good feeling for rhythm -LRB- But so do the rappers -RRB- . Some of the songs are quite good if you listen to them for second-fifth time . `` Page of the winter '' comes to mind here . It is a real shame they do n't have any bas.Well I have heard worse , but not very often .
 I was extremely dissapointed when I picked up this album . Do n't get me wrong ! I am a big fan of power metal and love many aspects of it . I listen to bands like ICED EARTH and BLIND GUARDIAN . thats good music ! this ? this is garbage . the lyrics are stupid , the vocals are extremely irratating and over all its cheesy . One of the most incredibally cheesy things i 've heard in a while . the only shred of goodness in this album is the musicianship .
 With so much talk surrounding this band , I decided to start from the beginning . `` Legendary Tales '' is the first from this Italian group , and it features great musicianship and a decent production.However , the songs do n't strike me as terribly inspiring . They have all the elements in place , except the ever-intangible `` spark '' that makes a truly great band . I found myself wondering how Rhapsody could be seen as `` groundbreaking '' in any way , shape , or form . They are n't . One reviewer in particular said of this album , `` this is the one , the album that changed everything in symphonic metal . '' My God , that 's hogwash . I 've been listening to Metal for 20 years , folks . Obviously this gentlemen has n't , or he would have known that Rhapsody is drawing their inspiration from the same fountain as Manowar and Virgin Steele . Except these bands did it long ago -- and with much more passion & power.Plus , as a final word , I 'd like to add my voice to those who have said the vocalist just does n't cut it . In fact , Rhapsody sounds very much like a castrated version of Manowar . The musical power is there , at times -- but the lead vocals are never convincing enough . Another band shares this shortcoming
 I must admit I was left scratching my head . On every Ripps cd -LRB- even Wildcard and Let it Ripp -RRB- there are at least a few tracks I like . This is one of the few cds I dislike from start to finish . I listened to it twice . Once after I purchased it in 2003 and once earlier this year . I 've yet to put it back in the cd player .
 This is another dissapointment for me . I do belive this CD is too `` Latin/Spacey '' type and lacks movement like the early years of the Rippingtons . I borrowed the CD to sample and it looks like I 'll pass on this one . Are the Rippingtons turning into a New Age type of Fusion Band ? Could be , to go along with the Windham Hil label . oh well keep up the good work guys and pump out a good one that COOKS next time !
 I 've liked or loved all but the last three studio CDs that Russ Freeman and the Rippingtons have put out . I hope that I do n't offend other lovers of the Rippingtons and Russ Freeman , but I guess that I 'm hooked on their latin flavored songs . I 've listened to this CD three times and do n't remember anything specific about it . I , by no means , want to discourage others from checking out this CD , but this is a place to review their work so it seems appropriate.I really miss Jeff Kashiwa 's playing . The fact that Russ Freeman played so many of the instruments on many of this CD 's songs might tend to homogenize the sound somewhat , too . I do like Russ Freeman 's CD with David Benoit and Craig Chaquico and all the older Rippington and/or Russ Freeman CDs .
 This is one of the great albums of any decade ! The SHM-CD sound is a disaster , as it clearly demonstrates , by its extra clarity -LRB- can anyone say `` boosted-treble , boosted-bass three times fast -RRB- , that there has been no remastering of the material save the boosted parts of the sound spectrum . The classical releases in this format -- try Karajan-Mahler on DGG for a truly memorable earache -- are disgraceful . After many tries at finding one `` really better than the original '' SHM-CD , I 've given up on what I perceive to be a marketing ploy to pawn off older recordings at a `` boosted '' price.Even though the original release of `` No Secrets '' did n't have the greatest overall sound , it was more-than acceptable do to Ms. Simon -LRB- who in the photo leaves `` no secret '' to the fact that she is n't wearing undergarments -- excellent ! -RRB- and her immense talents.Buy the regular CD and skip this expensive turkey . Better yet , if you do vinyl , try to find a good copy .
 How do you send me a CD without its booklet ??? i bought the CD for a reason , so when i look at the case i know its not some album copied online ... I 'm very disappointed .
 I know she was singing from the works of Erica Jong , but the songs have strong sexual content and language . Not what I expected after hearing `` Near The Black Forest '' on the W Hotel 's CD .
 Best Tracks
 Millionaires is not a fantastic album . It suffers from lyrics that are for the most part uninspired -LRB- `` Shooting my Mouth off '' is very throwaway -RRB- , but which occasionally -LRB- for example , the description of Tim Booth 's bit of stuff descending on earth from above in `` Fred Astaire '' -RRB- slip into the depths of vomit inducing nonsenseAs if that was not suitable justification for avoiding this record , it suffers from the kind of unadventurously drab but stadiumfriendly musical arrangements that have managed to keep James in the running for so long.It will probably appeal to hardcore James fans ... but for someone who wants more out of music than uninteresting four-chord songs , look elsewhere .
 Well the first two tracks on this CD are really good . But as you listen to the whole album you find that the songs are just eh . They try too hard to sound like old school Slayer . I ca n't really say this is innovative as they sound like a cooky version of Slayer -LRB- vocal wise -RRB- . But if you can just listen to the intro `` The Last Remains '' and `` Hunted , Stalked , and Slain '' - the best two songs on the whole cd . I give them credit as they really tried to be an East Coast Slayer . nothing special ...
 `` Hooray for Boobies '' is one of the stupidest cd 's I have ever heard , but it is also one of the funniest . With songs like `` 10 best things about n.j. '' -LRB- 10 sec . of silence -RRB- and `` A Lap dance is so much better when the stripper is crying '' , it certainly follows up one fierce beer coaster with another stupid comedy album . If you 're into stupid comedy , buy the album , but beware
 `` The Bad Touch '' is a funny song . Hats off to Jim for coming up with some great catchy lyrics , and a tune that keeps it real . But , is that all that their new album , `` Hooray For Boobies '' has to offer ? Sadly , yes . After a few cool tunes like `` Mope '' and `` Hell Yeah '' , the album relys on its shock value of Bad Touch to carry through the rest of the album and deliver energy to such desperate songs like A Lapdance Is So Much Better When The Stripper Is Crying , that steals from country , badly , and loses its charm fast . It seemed like an entire CD of garnish , and no real substance , no meat . It felt rushed and choppy , with inane skits in the middle that are n't that funny , despite a chuckle-worthy phone conversation with one of the mothers about vaginas . If you want talented , shock worthy songs that have good flow , and catchy beats , stick with Eminem , and Dr. Dre . The Bloodhound Gang have talent , they just did n't show it with this one .
 If these guys ever come to LA , the yellow plague will descend on them , I guarantee it .
 What 's wrong with BHG ? Besides everything ? Is it possible for them to write more than one good song in their pathetic lives ? My sister burned this CD from a friend , most likely because she likes the Bad Touch song , and I 'VE been the one having to hear it in the morning when she 's getting ready for school . It 's pathetic . I do n't know how much I can stress the word `` pathetic '' , but it 's the only way to fully describe it . Out of 18 tracks , there 's one , count it , ONE good song , `` The Inevitable Return of The Great White Dope '' , because it 's nothing like their other songs . Everything else on this album is just like `` Fire Water Burn '' , `` The Bad Touch '' , `` Hell Yeah '' , you get the picture . Palm-muted , droning , songs with extremely explicit lyrics , which is the only reason people will remember them . Is n't it about time to come out of the 13-16 year old stage ? Having lyrics about sex wo n't get you any . Bands like Blink-182 , Sum 41 , and System of a Down have funny songs , but they have their limits.About the `` music ''
 this album is funny but all these guys are past 30 years old ... and they still act like a bunch of little boys ... when will they grow up ???
 The song has a good beat , but bad lyrics . there are alot of artits like this who do n't think about kids who might be listening .
 THIS IS A REALLY KOOL ALBUM ... THE FIRST COUPLE TIMES U LISTEN 2 IT . IT IS REALLY FUNNY BUT IT SOON GET 'S OLD
 After hearing this , I ca n't say I 'm very `` shocked '' or `` offended '' by any of their lyrics . Its just typical inane alternative rock , with all the usual cliches . If you want to be truly shocked and offended , listen to Cannibal Corpse or Autopsy . If you want cheesy alternative , go with 3rd Eye Blind . If you want well-writen music whose charm doesnt wear off after 15 minutes , well then , do n't listen to any of them . And if you heard them on the radio and just have to hear the song by the `` discovery channel '' band , then download it on mp3 and you wo n't feel like you 've wasted any money when you get sick of it . Besides , if fewer people buy their album , maybe they wo n't bother us again .
 1 -RRB- You think the band LFO 's lyrics are sophisticated2 -RRB- You think Puff Daddy 's samples are fresh and origional3 -RRB- You laugh every time you hear the word boobiesSeriously , this may make you laugh every now and then , but it serves no purpose other than to make you laugh by it 's stupidity . Not that there 's anything wrong with that ... But the lyrics are corny and the beat is oversampled and old , so as music goes , it get 's low marks .
 These are some lyrics from their song `` Yellow Fever '' '' . . Cause I ride my slant-eyed slope like a brand new Kawasaki Oh me chinky she 's so kinky got me hot like Nagasaki Burnin ' up like Napalm burstin ' like an A-bomb . . '' '' . . I said I needed her to do and her to do my laundry I knew she needed a way to stay legally within the country ... '' '' ... She 's like an oriental rug cause I lay her where I please Then I blindfold her with dental floss and get down on her knees ... '' ... `` Like the Chinese New Year she 's gon na see fireworks Now be a good chinky and press Jimmy 's shirts ... '' `` Chinky chinky bang bang chinky bang Chinky chinky bang biddily biddily biddily bang `` written by the Bloodhound Gang . Need I say more ? No , need they say more ?
 Ugh . That 's all I have to say about the Bloodhound Gang and this incredibly juvenile `` Hooray for Boobies . '' The name of the CD tells you whether or not you 'll like the CD . If you 're an immature and easily amused person with an shoe size higher than your IQ , chances are you 'll love this CD . Fine with me - go listen to it . Just do n't call it music . It 's a perversion that this CD should be on the Billboard Music Charts , because this stuff is n't music , it 's image on a disc . These guys make Blink 182 look like Bob Geldof . To anyone with a brain , it 's obvious that this CD is aimed at nothing but selling records with an image of immature guys who sit around and drool over `` boobies '' all day long . It 's great for a thirteen year old hormone ball of a boy , but this listener is n't interested .
 I really do think this album blows hard . All of their albums get old fast . It sounds like they 've taken all their older stuff and twisted the lyrics around . There is not ONE new thing about this recording . One more thing , these guys are getting older and the music is staying on the junior high level . Lets all pray that on the next album they can finally get passed puberty.P.S . Jimmy Pop , quit holding your band mates MUSIC potential down . Become a comedian or something , but PLEASE write NEW material first though because just like you , its getting old .
 this cd is completely filthy and only good if you have absolutely no morals . Some of it is funny , but most of it is completely disgusting . These guys are terrible .
 this is strickly for laughs.i mean this group is either doing a bad parody of 80 's synth bands or they are Wierd Al 's Air Apparents.also they sound like too much of what 's out on the radio.a little Offspring , mixed with Barenaked Ladies.even at times Adam Sandler.The Bad Touch song is just The Barenaked Ladies One week done with a Euro beat.especially with all the pop refrences.I ca n't believe Bums like this get Deals ?
 how can you possibly call this music ? if you are 12 years old and you laugh histerically everytime you hear the word `` fart '' , then i strongly recommend this cd .
 they said boobies ! they 're so crazy ! this is stupid music by , for , and of stupid people .
 First of all , I absolutely do not believe in censorship . The Bloodhound Gang has every right to sing this kind of music in the name of capitalism and free speech . Yes , the lyrics are catchy . The jokes are funny at times . But their lyrics are racist , anti-homosexual , anti-women , and anti-God . Underneath the upbeat tunes lies an utter hopelessness and misanthropic view of humanity in general . True , most people who listen to this CD will chuckle and think nothing of it . But music is a powerful medium , and enough messages like these can build despair and hate in a person . If you hear anything repeated often enough it becomes your truth . In a culture where children are exposed to sexual messages at early ages , music such as this -LRB- clearly aimed at a young audience , the parents of whom have no idea what their children listen to -RRB- is irresponsible . My circle of friends -LRB- I am 16 -RRB- includes 12 year olds who have already internalized these messages and are beginning to act out on them . I think this is sad . We are , in fact , moving backwards . How are we ever to achieve equality when my generation is being taught in school , on the one hand , to show respect for differences among people , while the music they listen to teaches them that women are for sex , homosexuals are to laugh at , and people of different races are to abuse ? Which message do we hear more of ? Which is more powerful ? I ask not that the government intervene with legislation against destructive music , for that violates the Constitution . Rather I ask that we as individuals show by our actions that we will not tolerate destructive messages . If the Bloodhound Gang and others like them wish to sing these lyrics , let us preserve their right to do so as long as America exists as a bastion of free speech . But let them sing without an audience . There is so much better out there .
 My all time favorite bloodhoung song was `` Fire Water Burn '' . I was hoping there would be more `` masterpieces '' like this one , but much to my disappointment , this cd has NO songs worth listening to . Simply stated , I wish I could return it .
 I do like this guy and that is why I bought this CD . I appreciate a guy who trys to make it as a singer-songwriter in this world of sub-par garage bands getting major contracts and videos on MTV . Paul does tell stories and he sticks to his roots . However , I just ca n't get all excited over his music as a whole package . His structuring of chord progressions , guitarwork , and voice are only adequate as a vehicle for his lyrics . I need more than this to get me to buying more than one CD from any artist . I simply reach the point with every listen where it seems that I am hearing the same song over and over again . I will continue to keep my ears open to him as I do believe he is worth following .
 Listened to the first three tracks , then put on `` Dusty in Memphis '' . No comparison . To record a soul album , ya got ta be able to sing . Effortless control , killer highs , whispering lows -LRB- dig the first words of `` Dusty in Memphis '' - `` Just a little lovin ' ... '' -RRB- . Shelby isnt there . Not bad - but ya need better than that to compete with the original Atlantic soul . Listen to Shelby , then put on the first two Atlantic Aretha albums , and let the real thing move your world a little .
 She has been wrongly compared to the late/great Dusty Springfield -LRB- although sometimes she is close to Dusty 's phrasing/style -RRB- . This cd is not a new Dusty in Memphis due to the fact that almost all the songs included are mediocre . She is a good singer but she is not the best voice in Country Music as some critics have called her . The best contemporary female country singer is Trisha Yearwood .
 Shelby obviously has a wonderful voice , but this material holds her back . I 'll pass it along to a friend rather than keeping it .
 once upon a time , in the 90 's , there was a country artist named shelby lynne . awesome voice . great tunes . sounded good on the the radio and some of it was even fun to dance to . OK , some tunes were a bit formulaic , maybe a little slick , but i was a fan and bought them all . suddenly , enter the `` identity crisis '' . here comes the new & improved shelby lynne , bearing no likeness of the old one . guess what ? the new album is a dud and i am in no way convinced by anything on it . change in pointless unless it is for the better . i listened to each song with disbelief - what happened to the shelby lynne we all loved ?? maybe she was abducted by aliens - there 's no way the old shelby would have ever released a stinker like this .
 I 'm an old fan , so I thought I would love her latest . I really disliked most of the songs and will be exchanging the CD shortly . Besides the big shift in styles -LRB- even on the same CD -RRB- , I do n't think she shows off her great voice well . I 'm all for artists growing and finding their niche , but I do n't think this is the right one .
 After reading a glowing review at a site that I hold in fairly high regard , I read some of the reviews featured here and took a chance.I did n't know much about her history , just some of the things that I had read on this customer feedback area , so in my mind , she had a pretty clean slate . I try to be open-minded about new music , but I do know what I like.As one may have already guessed by the fact that I only gave this one star , I did n't like it at all.I thought the production was terrible . Shelby has a good voice , but it was sometimes overshadowed by other instruments or percussion . The overall sound quality was muddled at best . This may have been intentional ... to give an even MORE depressing sound . `` Your Lies '' , `` Leavin ' '' , `` Life Is Bad '' , `` Thought It Would Be Easier '' ... if these song titles do n't give you some insight on what you may be in for , nothing will . Depressing is OK , but everyone has their limits.Lastly , and here 's the thing that I really learned out of this , do n't just take my , or anyone else 's , word for it . Listen to it before you buy . Some love this , and others do n't . I did n't see much in the way of middle ground on the ratings ... and I made the mistake of not researching enough .
 when it came out , Amoeba records staff praised it , so I bought it . God I hated it instantly . Could not see how it was anything different than , I do n't know , Shania Twain ? Ok , maybe that 's unfair . But you can take Alt-Country only so far before it becomes just Contemporary Country , which just blows . Classic country and contemporary country are like classic jazz and `` Smooth '' jazz - one is timeless , the other 's full of overproduced turds . No thanks .
 Track 1
 I simply love Shelby Lynne 's previous works Restless and Temptation . Restless has such an upbeat style that accentuates her wonderful voice . This album , I Am Shelby Lynne , has a totally different , depressing style . I understand an artist has the right to record a different style album , but I exercised my rights and got rid of this new CD within a week . I will continue to praise this artist but not this particular work .
 I saw Shelby perform the song `` Got ta Get Back '' on the Rosie O'Donnell show and was impressed . I listened to the short samples from the album and figured it sounded OK . When I got the album , I put it on right away in anticipation . Well , I 'm still scratching my head and wondering what happened to the rest of the album ! `` Got ta Get Back '' is a lively song and very listenable . The rest of the songs are stuck somewhere in the '70s . I 've read reviews that say her style is influenced by some earlier legendary singers . Well , I think `` influenced '' is an understatement . Instead of applying her influences to a more modern sound , she chooses to just repeat that old music with different sheet music and lyrics . In other words , putting out a sound that has come and gone . `` Got ta Get Back '' is the exception to the rule . It actually sound fresh , but it does n't justify the rest of the album . If you ca n't get enough of the old '70s style of female singing , then this album is for you . If you 're looking for something more up-to-date , then save your money and look out for any other new albums by other modern female artists -LRB- Sarah McLachlan , Jewel , Sarah Brightman , Sade , the list goes on ... -RRB- .
 Having really enjoyed her other work , I am disappointed with this current project . Usually an album has some form of theme running through it ; this seemed to be just one `` can I do this ? '' effort after another . Back to the rack for this CD ...
 I rather expected to like Shelby Lynn , and she even sounded ok at first blush , but her sub Bonnie Rait posturing just does not cut it . The album pretty well hits one note , and it does n't seem to hit that one with any real feeling . It just ai n't there .
 Every once in a while I ignore my red flags and buy a CD based on the overwhelming positive press/reviews I read ... `` I shoulda known better '' ... maybe I 'm too well adjusted -LRB- or too stupid to know I 'm not -RRB- but after listening to the CD I wanted a bottle of cheap scotch and a dimestore cigar ... if Shelby were trying to capture a dark and gloomy tone - bulls eye ! ... the cover should have tipped me off ... I ignored it ... `` I see a red door and I want to paint it black '' ... I passed the CD on - my old friend gave it back ! ... jeeze Shelby , if this was an attempt to be yourself
 I think an alien came down to earth a few years ago , kidnapped the real Shelby Lynne and replaced her with the voice on the `` I Am Shelby Lynne '' album . Is this the same person who gave us the delightful `` Temptation '' and `` Restless ? '' No way ! I understand Shelby never made it `` big '' in country music , but she did deliver some quality work during those days . With this album , Shelby seems to be wanting to `` express herself '' . There is n't a really good song on the whole CD . Three tunes have minor pluses
 This was one of the worst CDs I ever purchased . The arranging is uninspired and the musicianship is questionable . I am heading for the used CD store to unload this thing .
 `` I Am Shelby Lynne '' is just one more reason why country music lovers will hate the suits who control the recording industry in Nashville . That Ms Lynne has released this album after her previous work , however , also leads one to question her musical integrity . This is one of the most disappointing CDs I have purchased lately .
 Shelby has her true vocal abilities , but in no way she can be compared neither to Aretha Franklin nor to the great Dusty Springfield who was able to sing wonderfully any music style.Besides , those who write all their material , are finally copying themselves , Shelby Lynne is not an exception .
 After reading good reviews of this CD and being a fan of female pop and soul singers I decided to give this one a try . Fortunately , I borrowed the CD from a friend . Spending money on it would have been a big mistake . The music does recall the pop-soul music of the late 1960s , but with modern and altogether unpleasing touch . I suppose comparisons to Dusty Springfield are inevitable , but favorable ones are unfounded . Lynne 's voice may be in the same ballpark as Springfield 's , but still falls far shy . But it 's the songs that make this album so dissapointing . The music comes off as sounding very cheap , contrived , and even cheesy at times . This is thanks to the poor backing musicianship , poor arrangements , and seemingly out of place orchestration . Some tracks like 7,8 , and 9 show potential but the execution is weak . Others are simply bad , such as the awful opening track . The highpoints are quite sparse . If Shelby Lynne got a real soul band behind her and picked some good songs , she might do well . As it is , do not waste your money on this album .
 All I can say it 's like crusin ' down a country road with the top down and the music blastin ' . I love the songs and what there about . This a buy for any girl that has loved a man , talked to a man or has just bushed up against a man in her life time .
 `` I Am Mediocre '' would be a better title . Not as good as Delaney and Bonnie from `` back in the day . '' The only right thing is the price .
 I 'd give it 0 stars if that were possible . This CD is terrible - boring - just bought it - getting rid of it . I have her older CD 's and they 're great . This is awful . To the used CD store I go to get rid of it - hopefully I 'll forget how bad I think it is and just remember her older good music .
 Dont you worry just a bit when you read rave reviews of a cd and then when you actually pick it up the cover is the artist with a mink trim coat and no shirt ... cheesy comes to mind.Never have understood why artists -LRB- sic -RRB- allow themselves to be sold as if they were in a skin mag ... anyway to the music.I think you are usually in trouble when a record is co-written , produced and almost every instrument is played by the same person -LRB- and its not the artist -RRB- ... oh yeah the artist manager has the same last name as the aformentioned co-writer etc. . Someone is in charge here and it isnt the artist ... this ahs the effect of limiting the sound to one vision , and for my money its pretty shallow and desperately trying to sound like Dusty or Aretha but forget it the voice is diluted from concentrated memories of someone elses voice but htis is not the pure thing at all ... put a shirt on and get back to whatever you do best when someone else is not in charge
 Well , after several good hard listens to this album , I find that Shelby Lynne is nothing new to the music industry and is not an artist that should be taken too seriously . She is simply a puppet of Sheryl Crow 's former producer -LRB- on Tuesday Night Music Club -RRB- Bill Bottrell . No offense Bill , but desperatly trying to reproduce Sheryl is not how to get ahead in the music industry . If you guys want a real blues rock artist , turn to Sheryl Crow and you 'll walk away a lot more satisfied .
 Some great players . Excellent sax work by Kirk Whalum , earlier in his illustrious career.Poor quality video and audio but the performance is from 1985 so it 's understandable.A short set of 5 tunes.I should have checked Netflix first as it 's worth a viewing , but not a purchase .
 system would n't let me in to hear it
 This cd is total trash , musically it is just lacking . The rapping is poor and it 's years behind in terms of style.I threw this cd out cos I hated it . Do n't buy it , it 's not worth it !
 The only good thing about this record is `` Someday '' and only because of the acoustic guitar and allright lyrics . The rest of the album is totally average . Do n't waste your money !
 I do n't know what the other reviewers are thinking . This is the worst abomination of hip hop since reggaeton . This is generic spoon-fed crap brought to you courtesy of your local radio . It is not good , it is not original , and if you think it is you are in need of serious rehabilitaion or you are completely ignorant of actual quality music . I pray that if you have had the misfortune of listening to this album that you downloaded it , so these talentless , usurping , music -LSB- ... -RSB- did n't make any money .
 I do like this guy and that is why I bought this CD . I appreciate a guy who trys to make it as a singer-songwriter in this world of sub-par garage bands getting major contracts and videos on MTV . Paul does tell stories and he sticks to his roots . However , I just ca n't get all excited over his music as a whole package . His structuring of chord progressions , guitarwork , and voice are only adequate as a vehicle for his lyrics . I need more than this to get me to buying more than one CD from any artist . I simply reach the point with every listen where it seems that I am hearing the same song over and over again . I will continue to keep my ears open to him as I do believe he is worth following .
 I usually like early 90s dance-pop , but this is still one of the most insipid , limp albums I 've ever heard . Minimally talented singers flood half the album with highly inferior , almost embarrassing covers of great disco tunes by the likes of KC & The Sunshine Band , George McCrae , and others , and the original tunes like `` A Different Man , '' and `` I Guess I 'll Try It Again , '' while not outright disgusting , sound too much like many other similar dance-pop songs -LRB- many of which were better -RRB- .
 I will never forget the banal , cheesy hit `` Please Do n't Go '' for the indelible image of a fellow waiter at the restaurant I worked at in college showing off his dance moves to this song , churning his arms in the air , while grinding his pelvis in front of an ice cream freezer . Oh , the thrills of the early 1990 's . Is this `` review '' helpful to you ? Of course not !
 This disc contains two electronic works and four piano works . Basically , Palestine creates overtones and other acoustic effects through repetition and drones . Some of these effects are interesting . However , all of these pieces carry on endlessly , with no change for the most part . There is no depth or substance here whatsoever . Musicianship is thrown out the window all together , and so not surprisingly the results are virtually unlistenable . You could listen to it as background music , but it would soon become irrating and would force you to shut it off . But there is nothing to hear anyways ! In conclusion , this is just terrible . I 've heard alot of bad music in my day , but this one might take the cake . Skip it or suffer the consequences .
 This CD showcases ITN 's very early work -LRB- in fact , it compiles several early EPs from the period 1983-85 -RRB- , and it 's not what you 'd expect if you 're familiar with their trademark classically influenced sound . Instead , it 's largely a rock album , in the vein of Joy Division or perhaps a slightly less morose early Death in June . But you can hear certain elements that would later make their way into the trademark ITN sound , namely , their sense of the dramatic and their use of military snare . Some tracks really shine -LRB- the terse `` Mystery '' and the ethereal `` And Your Eyes '' -RRB- , but `` Prelude '' is really more of a historical document than a true ITN album .
 Although Downing is a wonderful guitar player , I did n't get the sense that he really tried to teach slide technique with this video . He presented some songs , and slide factored into the presentation , but his emphasis appeared to be on right hand technique . Perhaps I missed that in the product description , but I really was looking for more of an emphasis on slide .
 I did not enjoy enough this CD since it has a lot of explanations and very few vocal exercises .
 Honestly , I ca n't give this album a good rating . I 'm a huge A Tribe Called Quest enthusiast , but this album is n't worth your hard earned money . In fact I like tons of albums that get mad hated on , but this one just does n't cut it at all . I like some of the beats and instrumental music on this album -LRB- but not all of it -RRB- . However almost all of the tracks are ruined by some very wack vocals . There are 2 or so MCs that put in ok performances , nothing remarkable at all , but there are also some of the cheesiest R&B singers I have ever heard featured through-out this album . Lets not even mention that Ali pulled an Eric B. and thought he could actually rock the mic . Not surpisingly he ca n't , and his wack vocals and weak lyrics ruins all of the tracks he appears on . Even his spoken word segments come off as incredibly hokey and forced . I wish this album was instrumental , maybe I would give it a better rating . Take my advice and go pick up the new De La Soul album or something else instead .
 do n't get me wrong . Failure ruled . Fantastic Planet is one of the best albums i own , and Magnified has some great tracks too . The fact is though , that at this point , failure just had n't come into it 's own yet . The band was just Greg Edwards and Ken Andrews back then and maybe the addition of Keli Scott really helped later , but i would only recommend this as a `` i need to have the first failure album '' thing .
 I so looked forward to listening to a Christmas CD by the Burns sisters . However , they were not songs of familiarity , so was disappointing .
 Just a warning , the content of the album is worth 4 stars but the re released 20th anniversary vinyl pressing is worth nil stars . It is dreadful . Lead in track sticks and never gets to the song and the first track on both sides has the same problem with the needle skipping back on itself . Very disappointing and the only album I have ever bought that has been so badly pressed . Does include a CD copy , but if I wanted to buy a CD I would have .
 I hate to go against the grain here -LRB- well OK , maybe `` hate '' is a strong word -RRB- , but this album is terrible , even after repeated listenings . Although some claim that it will grow on you , I say `` so will a fungus . '' I love The Clash and I 'm not expecting Joe to try to re-live the glory years , but would somebody please check the guy for a pulse ? Sheesh , I ca n't believe I waited so anxiously for this for so long . This is exactly the kind of pap The Clash railed against back in the 1970 's , so it 's hard for me to understand why fans of that band are now -LSB- eating -RSB- this up without question and calling it `` art . '' The primal hum generated by a bunch of wags with guitars , bass , and drums is n't `` art '' and neither is this . I 'll have to be content with my memories of Joe when he mattered , flailing away hopelessly at his battered Telecaster , foaming at the mouth and spitting out lyrics through bad teeth . If you need proof that rock and roll is dead , look no further . Ah-ha-ha ! Ever get the feeling you 've been cheated ? It 's too bad this forum does n't allow for a zero star rating . Anyone up for a Havana 3 A.M. reunion ?
 This is the only album I own of Joe Strummer minus The Clash . I ca n't say it 's very good . I hate having to compare it with it with his work with The Clash but it 's inevitable . His lyrics are n't as great , edgy or provocative . There is n't any fantastic music either . I am not really sure what to say since I have n't listened to the album in so long because it was so bad , I truly tried my hardest to like it . But I feel it is my duty to advise others to not make the same mistake . Believe me
 I have to agree with the person a few reviews below . I am a big fan of the Clash , but this is nothing like it . The only thing that is the same is Joe Strummer 's voice . Take away the great melodies , raw sound and raw loud guitars , the energy , the horns and pianos . Add `` bigger '' modern electronic sounding beats , and some other electronic sounds -LRB- bad joe , bad -RRB- . All the songs have louder drums and are empty sounding . None of them have unique melodies or leave an impression . And anybody claiming that this album has kind of a world vibe is full of it . If you want to buy this I suggest listening to the song clips featured . I made the silly mistake of bypassing that option .
 I bought this CD because I 'd heard `` Sheila '' on XM radio 's Upop station . I love that song , and still do , but the rest of this CD certainly did not impress me much.It 's a lot of yelling , none of it reminded me of that great single , and the music was no where near wonderful . If you like music that makes you feel tense and angry after hearing it then go ahead and buy this . Otherwise , download the single and forget about these guys .
 But i was not all that impressed ...
 Great album.Over priced reissue.With all the minutes available on these cds and all the music from this great band there to be put on it and not to see it here is a crime.You know with the cd market shrinking you think they 'd get it right for the true fans that are still buying .
 Thank heavens for illegal music download sites . I could have wasted $ 12 on this pice of monotonous garbage ! Now , do n't get me wrong , I do buy music , but being stuck in Saudi Arabia I never get to hear new stuff . downloads that say `` delete after 24hours and buy if you like '' are great , but as one song blurred seemless into another , I was on the third track without realizing . I though it was still the first very long , very boring track . Did n't like the singer 's voice , did n't like the off beat drums , did n't like the whole damned thing . I 'm not buying ... < del >
 I bought this CD for my dad and was very disappointed to find out that it sounded awful ! Plenty of skips . Pretty much every song is unlistenable . The worst part is , I was not able to get a return since he lives on the other side of the country and could not mail it for me in time . So now I 'm out of my money and he has a worthless coaster . Do n't buy this CD ! You 've been warned !
 Although this CD is not nearly as bad as Sylvia Hotel , I find foolishness like the Prozac song to be pathetic and clearly beneath the considerable talents of Ms. Wheeler . Unfortunately as can been seen in her live concerts in recent years she is much more concerned with being a comedian than the stunning singer/songwriter that she is capable of being . Id pass on this disc . Go buy `` Driving Home ' or `` Half A Book '' It genuinely saddens me to see such talent squandered
 I first discovered Cheryl Wheeler 's work with Driving Home - a generally beautiful effort , with one or two exceptions -LRB- e.g. , Do n't Forget the Guns -RRB- . I was particularly moved by 75 Septembers and When Fall Comes to New England . I had looked forward to her next effort , and was greatly disappointed . I found the humor distracting and obvious . The Peace or Prozac song I thought self-indulgent and unfunny . Finally , Makes Good Sense to Me is insulting . Ms. Wheeler sets up a neanderthal conservative strawman , sets the tune in hillbilly style , and ridicules that strawman with sarcasm that does n't begin to hide her obvious hostility . The dedicatory sigh at the end of song could represent the sigh of thoughtful , sincere conservatives who sicken of hysterical one-dimensional depictions - much like thoughtful , sincere liberals sicken of stereotypical depictions by conservatives . I know that folk music has a tradition rooted in politics and protest , and therefore populist and liberal themes are to be expected . However , this song reeks of self-righteousness . This smugness and corny humor frankly ruined the whole CD for me , despite other lovely acoustic numbers . Call me over-sensitive , but I no longer own the CD .
 With the glut of remix albums flooding the market these days , it should come as no surprise that there are a slew of them showing up in the Holiday music bins ... two of the more promising new ones -LRB- despite the awful cover art on both -RRB- are Merry Mixmas on Capitol/EMI and Christmas Remixed 2 from Six Degrees . Will either of them have you hip-hopping arond the tree?The Merry Mixmas crew would seem to have the advantage of pulling from the vast EMI catalogue for classic source material by artists such as Bing Crosby , Nat King Cole , Nancy Wilson , Ella Fitzgerald and Lou Rawls -LRB- most original tracks are from the excellent Ultra-Lounge Christmas Cocktails collections -RRB- . There are some noted remixers/DJs/whatever involved that even I have heard of including MJ Cole , Q-Burns , and Ursula 1000 . There are a few standout tracks , like Bent 's dreamily ambient take on Bingo 's `` Winter Wonderland '' and PSapp 's vocal twist on Les Brown 's `` I 've Got My Love to Keep me Warm . '' The overall result , however , is a surprisingly bland collection of remixes that are so respectful and similar to the originals that they are almost redundant . The formula for almost every remix is to let the original vocal track play through with little or no change while adding a subtle layer of techno drum , bass , and synth effects resulting in a tastefully updated electronic variation -- but not a radically transformed new creation . The one remix that diverts substantially from the original turns out to be a tortured re-casting of Nancy Wilson 's `` The Christmas Waltz '' into 4/4 time -LRB- or does awayTEAM not know how to program 3/4 beats into a drum machine ? -RRB- Otherwise , it all goes down a little too easy with few surprises , shocks , or smiles ... it 's basically a remix album that even your grandmother might like -- but is that really what you want out of a remix album ? Besides , she 'll enjoy Chirstmas Cocktails a lot more ... and so do I.Decision
 Come on ... the voices are in the background and the music is in the front . It should be the other way around . I like it when they remix songs but I like the singer to sound like they recorded it that way , which of course they did n't since most of them are dead.Happy Holidays !
 Although this CD is not nearly as bad as Sylvia Hotel , I find foolishness like the Prozac song to be pathetic and clearly beneath the considerable talents of Ms. Wheeler . Unfortunately as can been seen in her live concerts in recent years she is much more concerned with being a comedian than the stunning singer/songwriter that she is capable of being . Id pass on this disc . Go buy `` Driving Home ' or `` Half A Book '' It genuinely saddens me to see such talent squandered
 I first discovered Cheryl Wheeler 's work with Driving Home - a generally beautiful effort , with one or two exceptions -LRB- e.g. , Do n't Forget the Guns -RRB- . I was particularly moved by 75 Septembers and When Fall Comes to New England . I had looked forward to her next effort , and was greatly disappointed . I found the humor distracting and obvious . The Peace or Prozac song I thought self-indulgent and unfunny . Finally , Makes Good Sense to Me is insulting . Ms. Wheeler sets up a neanderthal conservative strawman , sets the tune in hillbilly style , and ridicules that strawman with sarcasm that does n't begin to hide her obvious hostility . The dedicatory sigh at the end of song could represent the sigh of thoughtful , sincere conservatives who sicken of hysterical one-dimensional depictions - much like thoughtful , sincere liberals sicken of stereotypical depictions by conservatives . I know that folk music has a tradition rooted in politics and protest , and therefore populist and liberal themes are to be expected . However , this song reeks of self-righteousness . This smugness and corny humor frankly ruined the whole CD for me , despite other lovely acoustic numbers . Call me over-sensitive , but I no longer own the CD .
 I get a charge listening to pianists like Oscar Peterson , Junior Mance , Horace Silver -LRB- my favorite -RRB- Thelonius Monk , Nat `` King '' Cole and Ahmad Jamal . Jacki Byard in this recording just it too wacked-out in his playing . To me it sounds like an experiment that went wrong . Atonal and awkard it fails to grow on me after a month of listening to it . Each to his own music .
 I think most reviewers are being a little too nice in their assessments of this album . I know that bands have to evolve and grow . People always get bent out of shape when an artist or band abandons their style . I do n't mind it if the evolution is natural and unforced . This is n't one of those cases . Gone -LRB- for now at least -RRB- is the savvy , energetic , infectious , retro-futurist first band on the moon that many -LRB- including myself -RRB- had loved from the first moment our ears had the pleasure of hearing them . The band now is a plodding , self-serious shadow of its former itself ; a band force feeding us it 's new direction which was taken just for the sake of saying , `` See ! We 're unpredictable ! There 's more to us than ` Lovefool ' . '' Fans of the band already knew that they 're the real deal ... that this band is one of the most clever , dynamic , daring bands out there . The missteps and the resulting shock started with the previous album . I hate to say this but , Long Gone Before Daylight has given me a new appreciation for the diversions on Grand Turismo . At least that album had hooks . Nothing on the new album has stayed with me ... lyrically or musically . Where is that band that rocked my world ? Where are the hooks ? Where are Brengt Lagerberg 's great beats ? My favorite current drummer is completely a non-factor on this album . Nina saves the day somewhat ... here voice is fantastic ; stronger with more control while still retaining her trademark wisp . All in all , LIFE goes on and provided they can stay together , I know this great band can remember how to wrap their gloomin a swanky shawl .
 Remember the poppy , energetic , and sometimes rockin ' songs from First Band on the Moon , Other Side of the Moon , and Gran Turismo ? Remember the catchy guitar riffs ? Is that what you liked about the Cardigans ? Well , forget about all that , because all that 's left is the pop.Sure , they were mostly poppy to begin with , but it seems they 've abandoned the rock and roll altogether and replaced the void with country . You just ca n't compare this album to the previous ones , because it 's totally different . There are still some good melodies , but the guitars and overall energy of the band have been watered down . This is a band that used to cover Ozzy , but now chooses to cover Diamond Rio , if that tells you anything . Almost all originality from groovy songs like `` Do You Believe '' and catchy songs like `` Happy Meal II '' has gone , and now we are left with songs like `` For What It 's Worth , '' which might as well have been performed by any adult contemporary artist . I was never a big fan of `` Lovefool , '' but if that song were on this album , it would be my favorite . Just sample the songs before you buy the album.If this were any band other than the Cardigans I 'd probably feel like the album deserves 2 stars ... not because I hate it , but because it 's something that I would choose to listen to maybe once every two years . But since it IS the Cardigans , I 'll give it a few more chances , as well as the benefit of the doubt ... 2.5 stars .
 I wanted to love this CD so bad ... but alas , I am not moved . Everything I love about the Cardigans sort of slipped away with Gran Turismo , and now the magic is truly gone . I even bought the `` A Camp '' CD and it kinda grew on me , but I 'd rather have the money back from re-selling this CD than the music on it.The bouncy , happy-yet sometimes beautifully wistful music found on their first three CDs was like aural Prozac to me ... if I ever felt sad or depressed or whatever , Nina Persson and company could medicate me with a few good doses of joy . In addition , `` Other Side of the Moon '' is so awesome that no real Cardigans collection can be considered complete without it ... but that 's where I drew the line . `` Gran Turismo '' was marginally terrible , and now this `` Long Gone '' nonsense.Sure the band has a right to change ... but I do n't have to accept it and change with it . And what 's with her black hair ? She was so much cuter as a blonde .
 I 'm not saying i do n't like slow music , but it has to be good . The only word to describe this album is
 I used to be a huge fan of the Cardigans . I even liked Gran Turismo 's darker direction . But this ... this is nothing . It 's completely uninspired , practically every song is in A minor , and the album as a whole is ridiculously slow and monotonous . This is the Cardigans , sans whimsy , charm , and unique composition . A shell of their former self .
 What made the world turn an ear on and discover the Cardigans during their early releases were things NOT included in this utterly boring album . Such as?Well , for starters , songs that dont lull you to sleep before the first 30 seconds have kicked in . Or , songs that have involved some work into their musical part . Or a singer that can still bother , or a band that has still something to look forward to aside contract fullfillments.Oh man , oh man , oh man ... If it wasnt for the heavy airplay and the intensive promotion from their label as well as mags , music channels etc. what chance would a supersorry album like this ever stand ? None of course . It would drift into oblivion like 100s of other albums monthly do.Instead it will `` enjoy '' some rather moderate sales -LRB- considering the money that ` s invested in it -RRB- and that will be that.All in all , there is one single song that deserves something resembling attention here . The rest of the stuff available on this CD can easily -LRB- and more importantly gratis -RRB- be heard every year on the Eurovision contest . Yup , it ` s that bad .
 This record is a real disappointment , a banal collection of slow , mopey snoozers with none of the wit , sparkle , elegance and sonic delights of their previous releases . The Arctic-circle depression that pervaded `` Gran Turismo '' has morphed into a plodding , somnambulent world-weariness , minus the cool beats . Nina 's voice is as gorgeous as ever , but the other players seem to be sleepwalking through their parts -- this just does n't sound like a Cardigans record . Maybe Sheryl Crow 's backup band , or Fleetwood Mac warming up while Stevie Nicks ' Hummer limo is stuck in traffic . Is this the same band that turned disco on its head with `` Lovefool '' and retooled `` Iron Man '' into a sexy torch song ? Sure does n't sound like it .
 I was a huge fan of the first five albums of the Cardigans . A couple years after Gran Turismo came out , I gave up hope of another album ever coming out . So , I was delighted with news of Long Gone Before Daylight . Unfortunately , I just can not connect to the new sound on this album . The vitality of the other albums is missing . The lyrics are great on these songs , but the music just can not pull me in ... My favorite song on the album is A Good Horse , though it breaks my heart that I ca n't say anything good about the other songs . Ah well . Such is Life .
 the lifetime album/cd wasnt released until 1990 , not 1998 . i have been a fan since the first release of Heartland , i have partied with the band in Chicago in 1998 on the `` Happy '' tour.I keep in contact with the lead singer David Sterry which is the last remaining remember of the original Real life , if you can find the album `` down comes the hammer '' its very very good and shows the true talent , as for imperfection ... just like the title says , imperfection was the correct choice , it basically sounds like a HAPPY 2 release . come on dave get back to the REAL music !!!!!!!
 This album sounds like it was produced by a gothic punk band . . I have to say that while Manson himself might be great with concepts and lyrics , his musical abilities are non-existant . If you look in the CD cover , you will notice that Twiggy wrote nearly all the songs , and now that he is gone , the music is empty . If you are a fan of Mechanical Animals , you will feel the songs , they are full of emotion and depth - MA , Great big white world , speed of pain , fundamentally loathesome ... those songs all have something which this album doesnt - sure the CD is not unbearable and one can still listen to the songs , but it really is a waste of time ... if you want to buy your first Manson CD , get M.A.
 Buy any album by Skinny Puppy if you 're looking for a message delivered with power , sans the gimmicks .
 what a peice of crap , manson has wrote about two lines for each song on this cd and played them over and over again , for example , use your fist and not your mouth how many times does he use that line in that song , and seriously do think manson has ever punched a guy in his life , all he does is talk thats what hes all about . jesus thats why he makes c.d.s. and o yeah probly the worst song on that peice of crap , doll dagga buzz buzz , its a sounds like a teen party song . each time i listen to it i think maybe i should go have coffee with hilary duff at the mall then we can go shopping for new shoes.and dont get me started on doppelherz that peice of crap dvd that came with the cd . if you havent seen it well you dont wan na watch it . its about 40 min of your life youll never get back . it starts off with manson putting on make up then at the end he just smeers it all over his face , i mean gosh i was so scared , manson is really running out of ways to shock ppl . and god the stupidest thing about manson is all the crap he says in his interveiws about how he vents his rage and passion into his music or somthing stupid like that , i dont really listen to his interveiws anymore couse i dont beleive any of the cap.theres nothing unique about him at all . all his gimicks are things he stold from other bands , ex the silver teeth thing was done by david bowie and jesus when he uses that line before he sings the beutifull people when hes live , how does it feel to be one of the beutifull people was a line from a beatles song , i mean come on manson dont rip the beatles off.jesus hes a peice of crap i cant wait for the day he dies , that would be funny . hes the kind of guy i could seriously see begging for his life.its gottin far past the time for him to retire and get off the stage becouse hes ran out of ideas to shock people and his time is over.thank god
 Marilyn Manson is like a joke that 's not funny anymore . He 's pretty much just fighting for attention now , and desperate to prove he 's somehow as important as Trent Reznor or Alice Cooper . Too bad those guys actually have talent , and he 's just some weirdo in a dress that wo n't go away . Face it dude , you 're over . Go scare old ladies in the parking lot at Sears .
 Marilyn Manson is awesome . Not just awesome because he has really heavy , evil music like KoRn and Limp Bizkit , but awesome because he 's like a genius and a philosophiser . He sings about stuff in real life and not just happy-dappy garbage like N'Sync and Led Zeppelin and all the other boybands . I mean , his lyrics are truth . Hard , cold , decaying TRUTH . I 'm not really sure what most of them mean -LRB- except for Beautiful People , because beautiful people suck , so it 's pretty obvious -RRB- , but I 'm sure Manson does . Same with his paintings and stuff , and his reasons for firing all the talented people in his band -LRB- like Twiggy -LRB- OMG HAWT -RRB- , who joined the band a perfect circle who do n't even have any songs with really super heavy evil stuff -RRB- . It does n't matter , though , because Manson is an ARTIST and whatever he does is cool . The more drugs he takes and the more fans he humiliates backstage with lunch meat , the more he forces america to look at itself and how corrupt it is . Why ca n't people just see that ??? Anyway , back to the album , I have n't actually listened to all of it yet , but I 've heard some of the songs on MTV -LRB- which sucks , but I watch it anyway -RRB- , and they are totally awesome . They 're almost as heavy as the stuff on Holywood , but really neat sounding and catchy like on Mechanical Animals . Tim Skold left his old band ABCDE or whatever that nobody listens to to join manson and he makes the songs really cool sounding . I heard Manson sings a lot about kinky stuff on the new album and how everybody should hate him and how it 's stupid that people hate him , which is cool , because he 's an individual and no one is brave enough anymore to sing about really controversiable stuff . I love Manson 's cover of Faith No More 's `` Be Aggressive '' already , and I do n't think it even matters that Trent Reznor is n't producing Manson 's albums anymore , because Portrait and Antichrist were kindof too scary anyways and they did n't get played enough on the radio . Manson 's a solo evilo ... guy.NEways , buys Golden Age ! It rocks hard -LRB- probably -RRB- !
 I do n't know what these men were thinking when they produced this ... this thing ... I do n't think I 've ever listened to an album and wanted to vomit on myself . I 've loved Marilyn Manson for ever ... Portrait , Smells Like Children , Antichrist , Mechanical Animals ... all amazing ... Holy Wood was n't so hott , but it was way above this thing ... I do n't know what happened here ... Golden Age is just an absolute disaster ... Marilyn Manson used to say these brilliant things that resented other things people said about him and now it seems he is just trying to fit this ` o , i 'm evil , i 'm evil ' label people have thrown on him . Even lyrically , this album is nothing compared to what the others were . It seems he began to just randomly make up words ; such a thing a common rapper would do ... right thurr right thurr . Surely the low-point in their career and a very sad day for music . * tear *
 sup marilyn manson fans ! this album is the shiznit ... . obviously marilyn manson saw how tite troo deth metal like linkin park and my boys from creed got an decided to take after them . only marilyn manson will probably neva be as good az my boy fred durst . fred durst iz a genius . he keepz da beets flowin wit doze old skool beets . marilyn manson is just gothic , an will neva be as good as the bizzkit , but nice try , dogg.Peace out , Marilyn Manson fans ...
 this guy is definatly satan in the flesh . he is really creepy . what the heck is with the shaved off eyebrows and different colored contacts . i dont like death metal but this is death , hell , terror , satanic , evil metal . he scares the heegeebees out of me . bye
 Let me tell you something , how anyone can stand this sicko is beyond me . You know I may not be into religion very much but come on man that is just absolute crap this guy is doing . If he were promoting satanism I would n't care , but he goes out of his way to desecrate christianity , mormonism , or anyone else who believes in a god . People have the right to believe in what they want to believe in , as long as it does n't infringe upon the rights of others . There was someone else on this website who said , `` the most shocking thing Marilyn Manson can do now is accept god as his true savior , but he wo n't because he 's too prideful . '' Personally , Marilyn can go to Hell where he belongs . But if you 're like , ` but what about the music standpoint ' . Let me tell you something , just like his image , Manson 's songs are nothing but absolute filth . And the critics have the gaul to compare him with legends like Alice Cooper or Ozzy Osbourne . First off , Alice Cooper and Ozzy Osbourne are not really satanic , they just like to scare people at times . The crap has n't formed in my butt cavity and wo n't be out for another 5 hrs . has a way better chance than Manson does at becoming the next Alice Cooper . `` Manson is Ozzy , only better . '' Whoever said this should be shot on the spot ! Let me tell all you people , Ozzy Osbourne is a living legend , and icon , he is probably the greatest rockstar since Elvis , he formed Black Sabbath the greatest metal band in history , then he formed his solo career which eclipsed his Sabbath career , when his best friend and guitarist Randy Rhoads died , he made a live tribute album which had Rhoads playing his heart out . In that Tribute album he said , `` meeting Randy was like God entering my life . '' To compare a piece of absolute filth like Marilyn Manson to an icon like Ozzy Osbourne is beyond me , Manson hates god , he hates your kids , he hates Alice , he hates Ozzy , and I hate to tell you this , but he hates you too . How can you listen too such a hateful person ? Well after thinking all of this over I came up with a conclusion , Marilyn Manson fans are even more disturbed than he is .
 I have been a Manson fan since 1996 , the release of Antichrist Superstar . I have studied Manson 's works and have a profound love for his art . From his social political Potrait of an American family to the audio novella Holywood , Manson has never ceased to amaze me with his witty and poetic lyrics . The music has continuesly evolved from a sort of gritty industrial punk to a tidal wave of sound . The Golden Age of Grotesque is however a disappointment . I continue to listen open minded because when he took a sharp turn with Mechanical Animals , I admit at first I hated it . However Mechanical Animals is an album that grows on you like cancer . Infecting you to the deepest parts of your soul . All of his works have this infectionous quality . The Golden Age is Grotesque . I enjoy listening to it , but if I want any substance I turn to his previous masterpieces . This album is nothing more than -LRB- ... -RRB- rock , an eighties flashback of big hair , sex , and drugs . The only track I truly enjoy is The New Sh*t , and that is nothing like the rest of the album . Maybe I am missing the art but I 'm convinced the recording of Count to Six and Die was cut short , -LRB- ... -RRB- . So what 's the verdict , if you want to rock out with your -LRB- ... -RRB- out , crank it up , but if you want to appreciate a project with endless depth , try Antichrist Superstar or Holywood or Mechanical Animals .
 I do n't know what Manson was thinking ! He fires Twiggy , Hires Tim Skold , and you get this ? When you think of Manson you think of shocking lyrics , and music that makes you feel like youre in hell , but you like it . GOAG is not as harsh sounding as Manson claimed , saying
 In a recent interview , Manson stated he would vote for George Bush because , in his opinion , creativity in art thrives more under conservative oppression than anywhere else . Whether you think his logic is inspiring or foolishly short-sighted , there 's no denying that what the self proclaimed antichrist says and what he actually does are two very different things . Golden Age is not creative , artistic , or in any way bold or edgy . Do n't presume that I have a grudge against Manson , because I do n't . I thought Antichrist Superstar and Mechanical Animals were great and , unlike alot of the more hardcore fans , I really liked Holywood.The problem with Golden Age is that it lacks the intelligence and foreboding subtlety that so eloquently framed the band 's real ear-blistering moments in the past . Lyrically , this album is painful to listen to . The lyrics are limited to tired sex themes and angst about as convincing as their writer 's stage makeup . Furthermore , charismatic bassist Twiggy Ramirez , who probably had as much to do with the song writing as anyone in the band , has left the group to join A Perfect Circle , and this album suffers because of it . In fact , save your money by passing this up and get A perfect Circle 's Thirteenth Step instead . Better yet , pick up Faith No More 's masterpiece Angel Dust . Their song `` Be Aggressive '' appears on Golden Age . That 's right , I 'd be willing to bet my soul Manson took that song , recorded his voice over it , and called it `` mOBSCENE '' . Everything about the songs are identical , even the cheerleader chrous . `` Be agressive , be be aggressive '' and `` be obscene , be be obscene '' are sung in exactly the same fahsion , to exactly the same beat . Despicable .
 This album is n't nearly ... for a lack of a better way to put it , quality , as his other efforts . Every album usually had something that drew you in to engage your senses . Now hearing the whole album , I felt he took all the annoying cliches from his predecessors , tossed it into a bag , shook it , spilled it out , and called it the golden age of grotesque . Nobody cares about his senseless rambiling about the media anymore , i was let down when I heard the new single . A couple tracks had some interesting segments , but for every good chorus a song had there was a lacking verse , etc. ... pretty boring stuff if you ask me . Overall it almost seems like Mansion did n't put his all into this and instead the cookie cutter album seemed like it was attempting to reach out to an audience that has moved on .
 It seems to me that Manson is running out of ideas . On this latest release , there is nothing remotely surprising . The music is somewhat boring and he even borrows riffs from some other bands -LRB- i.e. - Filter , Faith No More and others -RRB- . It becomes rather redundant in many places . The lyrics are very childish . Once again , the goal of the day is to shock . But is anything he does anymore really shocking ? It has become old hat and rather predictable . I think that the only way he could really shock us anymore is if he became a born again Christian . However , I doubt that will ever happen . He seems too full of himself to humbly bow before his Creator.Im sure his loyal listeners will like this CD , but I doubt hell win any new converts with it . I thought that Anti-Christ Superstar and Mechanical Animals were musical masterpieces . Even if the lyrics were sometimes lame . With HolyWood , he just re-hashed those two albums . Now with Grotesque , it just seems hes running out of ideas . Its obvious to me why Twiggy decided to leave and join A Perfect Circle . I suppose he wanted to be in a band that was actually going places.Im sure there will be a lot of people that will disagree with me , but just remember that this is only my opinion and thats what reviews are supposed to be .
 The entire time that I was listening to this album , I could n't help but think that not even Manson is taking himself or the music seriously anymore . I could n't get into this album because I was n't convinced that these were lyrics to Marilyn Manson songs
 Well Manson had been putting out good music for a few years now so you just knew it was coming . Well I guess every artist is entitled to atleast one crap cd . Everything about this cd is below what mansons capable of . Do yourself a favor and go listen to Mechanical Animals or Holy Wood and pretend The Golden Age of Grotesque was all a dream .
 I am a really big fan of Manson and although I favored one or two songs of this album I would have to agree with some of the people when I say this is not one of Mansons ordinary wave and all in all not too great of a C.D. But , hey to each it 's own it 's just my opinion after hearing this album it did n't as many others have said even really sound like Manson it sounded like a different person . I 'm sure every artist gets curious in trying something different which looks like he is trying to do . Tried it , did n't work well now let 's get back with the OLD MANSON ! I would save my money and pass on this cd , you want some real Manson music get his older albums ; Anti-Christ Superstar or Holly Wood -LRB- In The Shadow Of The Valley Of Death -RRB- .
 The other day , while surfing through music sites on the net i saw Marilyn Manson 's name twice -LRB- on different sites -RRB- being mentioned as `` Marilyn Mainstream '' . Now , there 's some food for thought.This album did - of course - ride the charts as had previous horror `` Holywood '' . Mission then accomplished.Manson has been constantly undermining whatever it was that he stood for -LRB- and there could be a whole catalogue of opinions about this -RRB- . The momentum , but above all , the excitement generated by albums like `` Antichrist Superstar '' or `` Mechanical animals '' or even , before these , the more indepedent releases -LRB- Portrait of an american family -RRB- has withered to a long forgotten but sweet memory.I hear -LRB- and read -RRB- that Manson wishes to relive an era of pre-WWII-Berlin with this album . Ok . There 's nothing wrong of course with installing some healthy retro touches into your music . Not if there 's any substance to it . But is there any here?With song titles -LRB- and lyrics -RRB- that resemble something like `` Kabooma-booma '' or `` Bazza-buzzo-bozzo-mojomuffin '' any discussions about substance are far stretched . And the music ? All done before but better -LRB- even by Manson himself -RRB- with the added element that not one of the here offered songs approaching the `` memorable level '' . I apologise for being mild by the way.Another thing that impressed me is that Manson has reduced himself to a kinda Eminem-metal guy thumping his chest and screaming how 's he 's gon na write a rock n roll hit and what he 's gon na do with all the dough he 's gon na pull in from it . Hmm . That 's all very nice and interesting but why should we all care?Fact is , increasingly more people are refusing to care about Manson 's wishes . That might not hindern Manson from riding the charts , but then again , C.Aguilera is riding the charts too and so are dozens of boy groups and other oddities as well . Manson is beginning to be in good company . Because if horror is his mission i couldnt imagine a bigger horror than glancing at the charts at any given day.Having uttered what i just did , i think that the Alice Cooper sequel for this era has reached its sad end . For those a little older in age , it must be mentioned that Cooper 's artistic end was n't pretty . You noticing any similarities?Overall , this is an album-monument to nothingness . Musically , lyrically and image-wise . Being that it has - naturally - quite some success financially as it fits perfectly with its times . But this is exactly the juxtaposition , the contradiction here . Manson built his name by trying to oppose his times.May the next Alice-Cooper-Manson take the stage please . Oh , but wait till the elephants and the clowns have left first .
 I want to start by saying that I have been an AVID Manson fan since 1994 and when I heard there was a new album I was thrilled . My excitment soon faded into staunch disappointment as each song played on `` The Golden Age of the Grotesque '' played . First of all , there is nothing new about the sound of this album , which fails a past precedent set by Manson . From `` Portrait '' , to `` Antichrist Superstar '' , `` Mechanical Animals '' , and `` Holywood '' each album defined itself with it 's own unique artistry and sound . `` Golden Age '' fails in this . However , the album sounds OK and that is n't where my main complaint is . The lyrics on this album are completely meaningless and ridiculous . One of the things I always liked about Manson was that the songs , the lyrics had a point , they were artistic , they were respectable . You will find none of that on `` Golden Age '' . What you will find is nonsense , like `` Doll-Dagga Buzz-Buzz Ziggety Zag , tons of gratuitous sex -LRB- similar to the days of Motely Crue and Guns N Roses -RRB- in `` mObsene '' and `` Slutgarden '' , and celebrations of being a big time rock star -LRB- similar to any big time rap star , or 80 's metal band -RRB- in songs like `` Kaboom Kaboom '' . It seems that somewhere along the line here Manson forgot what integrity is . What happened to wonderful concept albums like `` Antichrist '' ? It seems that Manson has sold out , like so many before him to sex , and being a `` rock star '' . I listened to the album twice before I gave it away , and I wo n't be going to Ozzfest this summer to see Manson - I could n't bear to listen to them perform the garbage of this album instead of their past music . I guess Trent Reznor was right when he wrote `` Starf -- kers '' .
 I do n't believe this . First the new style , then firing Twiggy . This guy is never short of shocks . Any decent Manson fan knows that it was the girlish Twiggy who gave the band their more traditional punk rock sound . Now that he 's gone , only John 5 and Ginger Fish provide memories of what was once the REAL golden age of Manson 's grotesqueness . But looking at the positive side of the album , New S ** t and Slutgarden are the only songs worth listening to more than once . And what the hell is the deal with Kaboom Kaboom ???!!! I ca n't believe that this is what they 're coming to now . He should just stick to playing with dildoes and raping sheep instead of screwing over best friends . To conclude , do n't buy this album , just download New S ** t and Slutgarden . You should own Mechanical Animals and Holywood if you like this kind of music . This is a sad era for Mansonites .
 ok in a small amount of words . this is garbage . i dont know what the hell manson was thinking . without twiggy how did he expect to put out a GOOD album . didnt work . `` slutgarden '' is the only worthy track listening to . `` saint '' is a moronic pop song with goes . . '' hold the S cause i am an AINT '' dumb dumb dumb . dont buy it unless your paying the 3 bucks for it used .
 To be genuinly straightforward , this is not an impressive effort from the Manson camp , but a singular vision lacking in testement to a greater purpose . The music has acrid bite , but no delightfully subversive toungue-in-cheek musical personality . Instead it is a vastly over-produced to death mess that is all in all a weak effort in just about everything . I wo n't even bother to break into the symbiotic relationship of music and execution except to say that this is , perhaps , one of their most boring and tepid releases , hampered by a lack of a fresh purpose and novel invention . Not their worst , but certainly a failing effort.The only Marilyn Manson I can reccomend is `` Mechanical Animals '' , which , although a turnabout departure from their familiar black/goth stylings , had a host of sonic equity to spare through the entire record . Not one track on `` Golden '' comes close to matching that record 's glam-rock swagger.Perhaps they need Michael Beinhorn back at the producing console . Also , Manson , I reccomend you look deep inside , instead of at the universal exterior , to come up with personal meaning for your next musical objective.This dross just sounds like a lot of circus , over the top , hocus-pocus that does n't have one heart-felt or genuinelly impassioned song.Better luck on the next outing , mr. superstar .
 Manson Is Dead!He even admits it himself in his DVD `` film '' , comparing himself to a dead flower ... not enough to make a bouquet . Stale narcissism abounds in this MM release . MM 's self-involvement and drug references have finally gotten old.While showing signs of cleverness ... nothing new happens here ... despite what other reviewers might say.Anti-Christ Superstar still reigns supreme as flesh and bone ... this is oatmeal jello.Brian Warner has been living as famous MM for too long ... his hunger , beauty , and creativity is now mired deeply in the swamp of his ego.BW should try something out of the scope of MM 'cause it is no longer believable and the message is a decade old.Anyhow this formerly staunch and fanatical MM fan has been there and done this once too often.Brian ... time for MM to get some sun and chill.You are no longer evolving as an artist , entertainer , or human . You have been painting with the same brush too long . Chase the beauty of the world ... stop dwelling on the suffering ... 'cause this self-imposed misery is B.S.Show us something new with true original artistic quality ... I used to think you were up to the task ... now I doubt it .
 As the title idicates , this album to me , is CRAP ! It pains me to give Marilyn Manson , a band i 've always enjoyed for years , such a low rating but one fact seriously shoots out after hearing this album . Nobody should have to endure to their ears , the torture that is Golden Age of Grotesque , nobody ... not even Satan . This album is Marilyn Manson with a new Bassist , Tim Skold , and the sound overall , has gone straight to Hell . The group has taken on some kind of Techno-Industrial sound , and gave up for the most part -LRB- 40 % -RRB- , the whole Metal thing . It is in my great opinion , that Tim Skold has destroyed this band , and that the departure of Twiggy Ramirez is so evident that his going away , will be the downfall of this once great group . Sad to say , i 'm begining to think that Twiggy is what made Manson a good group , now that he 's gone ... bye bye Manson 's old fanbase , and bye bye Manson 's career as a decent Metal group . This cd , is full of alot of techno , no songs except the title track , are worth any replay value whatsoever . For once , a Manson cd is just THAT BAD ! I am a 5 year Marilyn Manson fan , and have enjoyed most if not that , all of his work . But , GAOG is just sadly , something I have to say that I AM ASHAMED to own , due to the fact that it just sucks . If you 're just getting into Manson , I suggest getting Antichrist Superstar or Portrait of an American Family . But never , I repeat , NEVER get Golden Age of Grotesque , you 're only setting yourself up for major dissappointment , in not only the band , but their new bassist , whom did WAY BETTER as a solo artist , and in KMFDM . Manson , for God 's sake , let Twiggy come back , before Tim Skold is your ultimate undoing !
 ... slutgarden and tainted love are 2 of my favourite songs , ever . . especially slutgarden , and i 'm putting that down to the new bassists contributions -LRB- considering he was part of kmfdm - so i 've been told -RRB- . . apart from these 2 songs , the whole album is commercial ... very simple songs , boring and dull . . just like the trend of nu-metal . the lyrics are very childish . . -LRB- not childlike as intended -RRB- although many will say manson has always written like this but atleast they were never as tacky and obviously just trying to attract dumb little nu-metal skater kids . it does n't seem like a lot of effort has been put into the songs , and apart from slutgarden and tainted love , the bassists contribution seems to hinder mansons vocals , driving him into a more simplified approach . it sounds a lot more kmfdm than manson . . less rocky and more computerised . . no offence to the bassist , i really like kmfdm -LRB- and anyone reading this should go listen to juke joint jezebel !! go now . . hurry -RRB- but manson needs twiggy back . . afterall , i can still hear a lot of his riffs and ideas from previous efforts in this new album , just slghtly rehashed and hidden underneath all the samples . mansons vocals are also very similar to holywood , almost identical in places with less feeing ... and the drum and bass element is n't too good . . from an open minded manson fan who has practicaly all mansons previous works , i would rather listen to papa f**king roach and blink 182 ... manson , get twiggy and daisy back !!! . . or atleast zimzum . . atleast these 3 had riffs that drove the songs . apart from this effort , the rest of the lbums get 5 stars !!! portrait is the best album ever created !! . . remember that one brian ?? best album ever . wonder if that much effort went into this release ??
 As a LONG-TIME Manson Fan I 'm saddened and shocked -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- by TGAOG . It 's terrible . I tried VERY hard to like anything about it and sadly I just do n't . I really hoped that Twiggy 's departure would n't kill the band , and I 'm not saying that it has ... but what is this ??? I 'm going to be selling mine on -LSB- the web -RSB- very soon ... what a shame . From one song to another it all sounds the same , and that 's `` not a good thing '' . I agree with another reviewer , it 's only a matter of time before Manson splits . Jeordie was smart and got out while he could . I 'm sorry Manson , it 's just not what I 'd hoped for and one listen through the album was enough for me , never again . Then again , ... it 'll probably sell well . Who knows .
 I LOVED Marilyn Manson 's older stuff . Antichrist Superstar was really an amazing album . He used to be this deformed brilliant iconic legendary hero from another planet ; but a steady release of terrible songs thoroughly destroyed that . This album was really awful . It is actually embarassingly bad . It has potty mouth lyrics and a boring sound . It feels like a pathetic attempt at reclaiming his former fame.Just pretend Marilyn Manson died a poetic and memorable death and the albums after Antichrist do n't exist .
 I was once a great fan of the Antichrist album but I guess that was another MM . I could only endure the first 3 songs . What is he trying to do , this is a waste of talent . Just buy Antichrist and anything before that .
 Marilyn Manson ? In Bowling For Columbine he makes what is the most central point of the whole movie , and appears both alienated from and yet also an accurate observer of modern societies ills . But in record format , his lyrics are often simplistic and ineffective , despite his persona away from them
 The `` suicide king 's '' new album is nothing like his previous ones , This album is by far the worst load of -LSB- junk -RSB- I have heard from Manson . Most of his songs from his other albums are incredible , however seeing as how he was quote un quote `` going for a hip hop sound '' this album has completely demolished all that is Manson . I am a very big fan of previous Albums such as Anti-christ SuperstarMechanical AnimalsHolywoodEtc . etc.Manson has outdone himself this time , but not in the way any of us had hoped . He has completely tarnished his god forsaken nature and just obliterated his reputation with ONE album . its amazing that a multi-million superstar such as himself would actually release this low grade album on poor unsuspecting fans . I am more than by far disappointed with this lousy CD . Manson fans , my opinion is that you should stick to the older albums . Unless of course you need a 20 $ frisby then by all means go out and by The Golden Age Of Grotesque .
 This is the g ** est album ever made . Dont waste your money on this , instead buy an album from The Sisters , Bauhaus , or Christian Death .
 This is like all the crappy fast upbeat songs off mechanical animals and holy wood , I only bought those for the slow , depressing songs . Melancholy Manson is cool , rockin out party time Manson sucks . Antichrist superstar is awesome though . So I guess angry Manson is cool too .
 This is such a bad cd for those of you who like this do n't worry you will grow up eventually . He can only market himself to you poor tasteless children so long .
 One of the worst albums of all time . Bad bad bad bad . Marilyn Manson has sold out , and this album proves it . Bad lyrics . Bad music . Bad bad bad.Buy AntiChrist Superstar instead , Holywood : In The Shadow of The Valley of death , or Smells Like Children . Just do n't buy The Golden Age of Grotesque . It 's really bad .
 ok i 'm gon na come out and say this right now . this is the first and i mean the very first manson cd i ever heard where i was n't impressed . not lyrically or musically . mobscene is such a clever gimic with the cheerleading chorus and a bit sexy in a way too but this cd is a severe disappointment . here 's why , manson 's lyrics are dried up and tired . whatever has happened whether he 's taken too many drugs or not enough whatever it is he 's lost it . is it forever ? who knows . what i do know is manson has just shown me that right now he either does n't care or is out of ideas . cause this cd does n't have anything that is rememberable outside of a catchy chorus here and there and a few good songs.here 's what i loved about old manson albums
 Not since Anti-Christ Superstar has Marilyn Manson released a record with anything close to resembling merit . While Mechanical Animals had its positive moments , it marked the steady path of decline that Manson and his team of goons have careened down without looking back.Now in The Golden Age of the Grotesque Manson returns to bite us ... with another pathetic and abortive stab at validity . It seems that the further this man goes to try and be off the mark , the more horrible his creative attempts become . One interesting and comical moment on the record is when Manson attempts to rap , obviously buying into the rap-rock bull that has pervaded decent music since the post-Korn revolution.My advice , pass this one by . Better luck next time Manson .
 And there 's nothing wrong with John Galliano , however , the wearing of a great designer is symptomatic of the decline of another edgy artist
 Marilyn Manson probably should have quit music after his crowning achievement , Antichrist Superstar . At least that way the Mechanical Animals embarassment would never happened . Golden Age of Grotesque is proof that Manson at the very least should have called it quits after Holy Wood . Everything here is derivative , not just of Manson 's past music but the themes of other performers today . It 's pretty obvious that this is the artist wallowing in his self-magnificence and nothing to please the fans who have put Manson where he is today . Buy it if you have a compulsion to own every Manson recording , but even then I 'd get it used . Of course , this album sounds like it 's been pretty used already , and not in a fun way .
 I was extremely disappointed . Everyone knows that manson has been going down hill since Mechanical Animals , but at least that CD was tolerable with classic songs like Coma White , The Dope Show , and Rock is Dead . Not to mention the unforgettable love song The Last Day on Earth , how many of us titled that `` our '' song . The image change was okay as long as the music was still good . Then came Holywood which was even less tolerable but at least it had meaning and lyrics that some of us could relate to like A Place in the Dirt , The Nobodies , etcetera . I still can not figure out what Manson is trying to say to us with this CD , the lyrics are ridiculous , and there 's no TWIGGY ! The only song that I think is even remotely good is slutgarden , it 's tune is a little catchy . I wish Manson had n't changed . He needs to grow out his hair , put on a red and white stripped top hat , and start making beautiful music again because this SUCKS .
 If you are a industrial rock fan and you own this album , you should be ashamed . This album is n't worth -LSB- ... -RSB- to most industrial music . It 's missing the complete vibe with syths and keyboards.Manson needs to get back to the old days when he was edgey and sick . ACS and PoaAF were by far his most poetic and incredible albums . This sounded like something a random kid with a computer made up the syths and added to screaming and bad guitar playing . -LRB- Which is still better than most bands . -RRB- In short this album was n't worth a 3 year wait . Get back to what you know Manson !
 I have never liked Marilyn Manson . His sad excuses for songs make no sense and he tries too hard to shock and falls flat every time . But I try to keep an open mind when someone wants me to hear something and I thought with all the good things I had heard about this CD , maybe I was wrong and maybe he was n't so bad . Boy , was I wrong in thinking that ! Here is my review of it , The CD first , then the DVD.First The CD : This CD is a piece of garbage that sounds somewhat like New Waver Corey Hart trying to be metallers W.A.S.P. or something ! I ca n't name songs because I did not buy this c.d. -LRB- I was forced to listen to it by my friend , a Marilyn Manson disciple * read
 I 've followed Manson 's career with varying enthusiasm since Smells Like Children and have enjoyed his many metamorphoses but GAOG is a flaccid postscript to an otherwise satisfying cannon.Anyone who has listened to Manson for any amount of time knows he has founded his music on change and growth and I have been thrilled to grow with him . Antichrist Superstar came out when I was at the height of my high school angst ; which cooled down with Mechanical Animals , leveling off by the release of Holy Wood and the beginning of my college career . I 've always appreciated Manson 's hard lyrics ; his refusal to sugarcoat society 's ills without slipping into ignorant verbage or becoming too preachy . GAOG has dampened my perception of progress in Manson 's work and I think many fans would agree that this is frustratingly sub par.At best GAOG combines the violence and anger of Antichrist with the ` synth-heavy ' aspects of his latest albums . The violence and anger , however , seem to have no direction or purpose and while the various synthetic sounds were blended perfectly with the psychedelic moods of Mechanical Animals and Holy Wood , they are grotesquely out of place on this album . Many of the songs are redundant -LRB- most covering Manson 's dissatisfaction with being an idol - again -RRB- and all the pseudo-intellectual wordplay -LRB- songs like `` mOBSCENE '' and '' -LRB- s -RRB- AINT '' -RRB- is pathetic and insults more than it enlightens . Manson appears to be severely handicapped both musically and philosophically by the departure of longtime friend and collaborator Twiggy Ramirez . In Ramirez 's absence Manson has backslid into mediocre areas of paths he 's already well-trod , reaching for bits of rap and pop to hold him up.It 's as if Manson is trying to be Manson and the result barely stands as entertainment . The ` bonus ' DVD caps off the album as further example of Manson as a star who has hit a creative block but still pushed out something for people to spend money on . I could n't even finish the movie , not because it disturbed me but because the endless repetition of visuals and vocals was pathetic filler for an album full of filler . I was almost embarrassed to be watching such drivel.Hopefully GAOG is merely a stumble on the way to better albums in the future . I do n't doubt that Manson is here to stay but where his fan base will be is debatable . Those looking for Manson at its best should check out any of their previous albums . Those who want the ` new ' Manson can pick up their copies of GAOG with some Britney Spears and Eminem . Not that that 's bad , it 's just not my cup of tea .
 I have mixed emotions about Marilyn Manson 's latest album . He has seemingly gone a completely different direction with his music . I honestly do n't know what to think about this one . All I can say is that you may have to base your judgement on how big of a fan you are to him and how open minded you are about music .
 Marilyn Manson 's worst CD yet . I really do n't like the whole industrial rock scene . Tim Skold has little to nothing talent . Too bad Twiggy left , he may have made this CD worth listening to . Although , Use Your Fist and Not Your Mouth sounded pretty good in concert . This CD needed a better bass player , Some good solo 's , and Marilyn 's old touch .
 Okay , i 'm ready . Got my ear plugs , boom box , and i 'm sitting in bed . This should be great . I 'll just stick these plugs in my ears and play `` The Golden Age Of Grotesque '' . I enjoy doing this because MArilyn is such a positive singer . GREAT MUSIC TO SLEEP TO !!! -LRB- dont forget the ear plugs -RRB- If you like Aaron Carter and Nelly , you 're sure to love this new and improved cd by Marilyn.Remember , if you 're looking for good music to sleep to get this album . It will make you feal better when u 've got this blaring in your ears while you arent awake.My favortie Manson Cd So far . Keep up the good music buddy . !! i love this guy i saw him on Conan , hes hillarious . The blend of the soft screaming and yelling is great in his work . Thanks Marilyn !!!
 I 've been a fan of MM for awhile now and his last cd Holywood was awesome . A 9 out of 10 . It was so layered and deep I spent hours examining the poetry within the lyrics and their commentary on society and religious structure and forced idealism . I was so looking forward to Golden Age that I bought it right away and I was shocked at how bad the cd was . I mean truely , truely horrible . When the chorus of your first single is a complete rip-off the Faith No More song `` Be Aggressive '' you know Manson has lost it . In fact most of the songs on Golden Age are basically rehashed versions of prior Manson songs only the originals are much better . Anyone who says this album is good is still under Manson 's hypnotic eye and is probably the last in their circle of friends who still wears black clothes and thinks they are being different and would n't notice a bad cd from black lipstick . This cd is one that I have completely forgotten that I own only a few months after its release and I can say that I can not listen to it past the first 5 songs , it 's that bad and boring . This is not art or even expressive , but something that has been painfully reduced to a formula that up until now Manson has been able to make unique and interesting . Golden Age is paint by numbers Manson with no heart , plain and simple . I would actually recommend buying another copy of Holywood even if you already have it . It would make more sense to buy something twice that you know is of actually quality than buying something this bad . The bonus DVD that comes with the limited edition has some home movie he made that he thinks is some kind of art film but is barely watchable either . It does contain some funny lines narrated by Manson , otherwise it makes no sense to even include in this package and is a total waste of a digital disc that could have included all his music videos instead . Now that would have scored a 5 out of 5 stars with 5 going to the extra dvd and none going to the cd .
 Now I 've been listening to Marilyn Manson since i first heard the song ` Get YouR Gunn ' wayyyyyyyy back in late ' 94 , and I got ta tell ya ... HIS SHTICK IS GETTING OLD FAST !!! I 'm sure that if it was n't for ` Mechanical Animals ' that we would have all been sick of this by now . Their 's alot to be said about trying out new things , and I know it did n't exactly far well overall , but as the old saying goes , ` if at first you do n't succeed , try again . ' Please Marilyn , try something different , for god 's sake , even Metallica experiments .
 I never write a review , I read them . What I think is interesting is that many reviews for TGAOG mention only that `` it 's got a good beat and you can dance to it . '' -LRB- That 's sarcasm -RRB- Casual discussions with all my Manson faithful friends end with the same result , the CD is a sellout . I like Manson most for the thought provoking lyrics , then the music . I 'm not a metal head , rivet head , head banger , etc. . . The guy is very very intelligent and it showed in what he had to say through his music . The lyrics in this CD are cotton candy . `` Were five metal fingers on a m * f * 'n hand . '' Please ! I 'm embarrassed to play this loud enough for other people to hear it outside my car . I hit the skip button more than not . I love all my Manson CD 's , except this one.As far as originality goes , this CD is totally lacking . This is a far , far cry from a jazz/swing reinterpretation that some people are discussing , if you listened to any of the real stuff , you 'd never say that . A lot is borrowed through the whole thing , but the most blatant offenses are
 okay , I had been waiting for a while for Manson to release a new album . The anticipation was killing me . But needless to say , as soon as I listened to the c.d. once , I was devastated . For me , Manson has been an inspiration . Everything he puts in his songs have meaning , emotion , and an addictive vibe that makes you want to keep listening . He has done a lot to change his appearance over the years , but he has still found ways to top himself . This album is everything that classic Manson is NOT . Most of the songs just sound like he 's out of ideas and just making up stuff . For example
 Up untill the release of this album I was an avid manson fan , even repecting all early spooky kids work and all songs off smells like children etc. . But when i read reviews saying ` It will grow on you ' etc i am sadened . Why should an album from such an artist grow on you ? It should grip you from the first song and leave you begging for more when the cd stops . Manson has gone from such a down and dirty lyrical genius into a mockery icon who appears on top of the pops . With lyrics such as ' i like a big car , cus i 'm a big star ' and the women singing be obscene like he wants children to be nasty to each other . -LSB- He -RSB- has lost his controvesial edge and has become yet another dying age of music .
 Marilyn Manson should get into film making.His themes and imagery are mind blowing especially on this latest album.For that reason it gets a star.It is his best art work yet!However his music has reached a dead end.This album is his last two albums revisited.It is less melodic but the dynamics are the same as is the vocal delivery.Lyrically there are some clever ideas but it borders on contrivance.Although Bowie has covered the Berlin period and the flirtations with Nazism MM takes it to another level but still , special effects and creative production can not disguise sub standard songwriting.Music should essentially be about good songs.Theatrics are secondary.Give me Torniquet , Coma white or The Nobodies any day .
 What happened ???? What happened to Marilyn Manson ??? We saw the birth of a great recording artist with Portrait and Antichrist and let 's not forget smells like children ... Then what ... is mechanical animals ? Too much effort in trying to shock people mixed with an od of david bowie . . then Holy Wood which was better but still just ok ... Now This One . . ugh ... a bunch of heavy rock/glam songs with lyrics that are just terrible . . Manson took the industrial genre annd started off nice . . then he just stepped all over it and destroyed it . . Even with a great bassist like Tim Skold he still ca n't come out with a half decent album . . Skold , go back to KMFDM and Ohgr ... Manson , Get rid of John5 or 7 or whatever get a good guitarist that does n'tlsten to David Bowie -LRB- as great as he is . -RRB- and you can ditch some of those rap cd 's Tainted love was good but now you are getting silly ... BOTTOM LINE : The Golden age of Grotesque is a show of what Manson has deteriorated to . . It ; s ot worth buying if you liked Antichrist . . Do n't be hopeful that this one might be different , it 's not ... save your money . . Buy KMFDM , Foetus , Ohgr , NIN , Skinny Puppy , real industrial goth rock ...
 I even heard about somebody naming their hamster after Marilyn Manson . But the trouble is they believe it 's sqeaking wheel sounds better than this pile of trash ! Marilyn Manson takes to putting on as much make-up as wacko Jacko , but children like his image though , and I guess kids are his mainstream audience now .
 i regret it so bad that 2 years i spent 15 dollars for this piece of crap . i hate this sound , i hate the concept , i hate the songs , but not all of them.saint , bright young things are pretty good but the rest is bad.i seriously know a lot about manson and i have all of the albums and this along with the last tour on earth is the worst . i very much prefer the old school sound of portrait of an american family and smells like children.also mechanical animals and antichrist superstar are very good too.but ever since , mm has been on a downward spiral.sad , but true .
 How could you be so sure of some of the other reviewer 's assertions , that the impeccable works of the infamous Marilyn Manson 's music has any subtltey to it ? Alas , I 'd beg to differ . It 's incredulous , and inconceivable to have the presumptuous notion that this music is so great . -LRB- I 'm nonchalant , when it comes to Marilyn Manson 's views on the world with which he lives - he 's had some good/bad things to say - he 's entitled to his opinion , nonetheless - however , there are some things I deplore in him . But , his music 's another story . -RRB- I dare say , it 's all a bunch of idiosyncratic , angst-ridden lyrics and cacaphony that 's molded into a rather grotesque display of diabolic/anti-Christian sentiments . I abhor this band 's music a great deal . How could anyone come to an accord by listening to the acrimonious music of Marilyn Manson - the `` narcissist/masochist '' that he is - belonging to the `` great and abominable church '' of the Devil ? Does he really deserve the critical acclaim , that everyone -LRB- a select few -RRB- seems to be raving about ? I do n't think so . I 'm real curious as to whether he exhorts the fundamentals to his loyal fans , about being a virtuous , loving , caring , God fearing , human being . He 's the -LRB- anti-Christ , alright -RRB- antithesis of what an exemplary person should be like . I 'm sorry to say this , but , I think Marilyn Manson 's negative influence on society , is the reason why so many of our young people fall through the cracks . Whereby , they 're indulging into the uses of harmful drugs to `` get high '' that 's ruinous to their overall well-being . In addition , to affiliating themselves with a `` street gang '' and/or a `` Satanic cult , '' to ultimately commiting suicide , because of depression and/or other problems associated with this `` Devil worshiper '' music . This kind of music has a far-reaching effect on our young people . I would implore anyone with a good enough sense to avoid this worthless propaganda . It 's pure , unadulterated tripe , that 's all I have to say . I wonder what Marilyn Manson , looks like behind that dapper facade of clothing and makeup he wears on and off stage ? -LRB- We all know what Alice Cooper , looks like when he 's competing in a celebrity golf tournament . LOL ! -RRB- We 've all been wondering that for years .
 It seems to me that Manson is running out of ideas . On this latest release , there is nothing remotely surprising . The music is somewhat boring and he even borrows riffs from some other bands -LRB- i.e. - Filter , Faith No More and others -RRB- . It becomes rather redundant in many places . The lyrics are very childish . Once again , the goal of the day is to shock . But is anything he does anymore really shocking ? It has become old hat and rather predictable . I think that the only way he could really shock us anymore is if he became a born again Christian . However , I doubt that will ever happen . He seems too full of himself to humbly bow before his Creator.Im sure his loyal listeners will like this CD , but I doubt hell win any new converts with it . I thought that Anti-Christ Superstar and Mechanical Animals were musical masterpieces . Even if the lyrics were sometimes lame . With HolyWood , he just re-hashed those two albums . Now with Grotesque , it just seems hes running out of ideas . Its obvious to me why Twiggy decided to leave and join A Perfect Circle . I suppose he wanted to be in a band that was actually going places.Im sure there will be a lot of people that will disagree with me , but just remember that this is only my opinion and thats what reviews are supposed to be .
 I have heard this album twice since I bought it and this is honestly what I think . I am no hardcore Manson fan , but I 've bought every album his ever made since Anti-Christ Superstar . I really liked Antichrist Superstar , as well as The Dope Show , and his 2001 release of Holywood . I think many hardcore fans should like this new release , because Manson keeps his gothic , rock , heavy-metal , industrial style almost as you 'd expect ... However , almost every single part of every track does n't progress , nor is it as melodic , deep , and creative as his last three -- trilogy -- sting of very good , -- if not great -- albums.This album is mostly SCREAMING , it capatalizes on one aspect of Marilyn Manson 's singing , but it leaves listeners with much less of what made the other albums so different and enjoyable . I do n't want to bash this album , but their are only 13 tracks with vocals on it . The first and last track is like a short tune -- intro and outro . I was expecting something more catchy . All his albums are heavy , but this album is just too HARSH and HEAVY . Some tracks are actually pretty cool , like track 2 is pretty cool . However , I was hopeing for something less formulatic -- there is no innovation here , such as the originality , dark atmospheric sounds , melodies , and feeling found in Antichrist Superstar and The Dope Show.Almost everything here is shouting , harsh guitar-industrial electronica , lacking the interesting rhythm that makes industrial-electronica music work as well as it did in the past . Some tracks are obviously better than others , but the whole album just does n't have a truly fresh feel to it . Overall , a disappointment compared to his last three MUCH BETTER albums . Hardcore fans will still probably give this 4 or 5 stars , but who does n't compare an artists new album with the old ones ??? This album has several decent tracks , but its not close to the others .
 OK , I 've loved Marilyn Manson forever ... Portrait , Smells Like Children , Antichrist , Mechanical Animals , Holy Wood ... love them all , but this ... this thing ... I do n't know how one would even go about calling it ` music . ' I do n't know what happened here at all ... They used to be absolute briliance and Manson would say something that would defy what people said about him , but now it seems like he 's trying to fit this ` I 'm evil , I 'm evil ' label people have thrown on him and teh band has just turned to crap ... this album is a very sad day for the music world ...
 Remember when Marilyn Manson used to think he could sing ? And even though he could n't , at least he tried ? And he actually did stuff that was unpredictable ? This is what everyone thinks he sounds like ... and he delivers . Manson used to change his style on every album to throw people off ... he went from a comedy act to an angry god of rock to a more refined sonwriter all in three albums . None of them were exactly the best , but they all had their good points and at least they were unpredictable . Holy Wood was probably his best effort ever ; the songs were just better , although they were rather brainwashing.So now we get this ? A bunch of beeps and crunches with an occasional gravely mantra ? This sounds more like a parody of industrial than an actual Marilyn Manson CD ! Most likely , the musical decline is due to bassist and lead songwriter Twiggy Ramirez leaving the group . He always had a way of coming up with fun , rocking riffs that made the songs really work and come to life . Without him , everything suffers.Don ' t waste your time with this . Get something else .
 This is n't great . It 's not horrible either . It 's just boring . It 's obvious that Manson has not been inspired after `` Antichrist Superstar '' , and with `` The Golden Age Of Grotesque '' it 's clear that he has run out of ideas . `` This Is The New Shxt '' sounds like something a 12 year old Slipknot fan would write in his diary . And the lyrics in `` s -LRB- AINT -RRB- '' sounds like he 's been hanging out too much with his buddy Eminem ... `` What 's my name ? What 's my name ? '' . The worst part is that he is n't even shocking anymore.Marilyn Manson
 When I heard Manson 's previous album , Holy Wood , I started to get the feeling that the `` Marilyn Manson '' formula had set in , and it was nothing more than a rehash of the brilliance he showed on Anitchrist Superstar.I hoped I was wrong , however The Golden Age of Grotesque only confirmed what I was thinking . It seems as if the energy and originality Manson once exuded has reached its peak . Now he 's at the plateau , and I fear there is no redemption to come from him . I do like the pictures in the liner notes , even though there also nothing entirely new from them -LRB- however , I 'll give them a star -RRB- . For me , the sad truth is Marilyn has hopelessly fallen into the `` Evil Rock Guy '' shtick . He wants people to fear him for his devilish persona , but all I 'm afraid of is his predictability .
 Well , I must say I 'm a big fan of the `` Antichrist Superstar '' , `` Portrait of an American Family '' and `` Mechanical Animals '' - era albums . I got a chance to listen to `` The Golden Age of the Grotesque '' on an hour car ride to a friends , and I found the album to be below my expectations . Almost all of the songs sound the same , and tunes like `` Ka-boom Ka-boom '' and `` Doll-Dagga . . '' seem almost silly . I felt like Manson ran out of words and just decided to throw in nonsense . If you were map out the entire beat structure of the album , each song would have the same beat and rhythm . I was frankly bored with this album . Now , `` mOBSCENE '' and '' -LRB- s -RRB- AINT '' are good tracks , definite rockers , and probably the only two songs I liked off this album . Maybe its the fact that Manson has made his money and no longer cares about the quality of his/their music * cough * METALLICA * cough * ST.ANGER * cough * . I 'm definitely a fan of the older Marilyn Manson material . . I was hoping this album would be as good as the hype . . but I was let down .
 I read so many reviews saying this album rocks ... but in my opinion it lost so much . It does n't have that punk rock sound that I loved . Holywood is hell of alot better than this pooh .
 As i said . For adolescence only . Too bad i had to give it one star .
 Saddest attempt of a metal album I 've ever heard . I thought Linkin Park MTM sucked but this was just bad . The only highlight of this album is tracks 2 and 3 and thats not saying much . Do n't waste your time buying this pointless **** . Instead listen to real metal like Iron Maiden , Slayer , Deicide , Darkthrone , and Witchfinder General .
 I bought this album being a big Marilyn Manson fan , and I fell asleep listening to it . What a dissapointment ! I think I can blame Dita Von Teese for Marilyn Manson 's downfall . She inspired him to become obsessed with the 1930s and the fans have to suffer for this . Explains why Twiggy Ramirez left the band and joined a Perfect Circle . Ca n't blame him . If I had to produce an album like the The Golden Age of Grotesque , I would leave too . I think girlfriends should stay out of their boyfriends careers . That said , the lyrics and music is god aweful on this album . I 'm really embaressed to say I 'm a fan of Marilyn Manson ! The style Marilyn Manson chose is stupid , and it furthur proves that he really is a poseur . I recommend people buy instead October Rust by Type O Negative , Lateralus and Aenima by Tool , Gallery of Suicide by Cannibal Corpse , Antichrist Superstar and Holy Wood -LRB- In The Shadow Of The Valley Of Death -RRB- by Marilyn Manson , and Damnation & A Day by Cradle Of Filth . Amazon has all these , so buy it here ! But do n't waste your good money on The Golden Age of Grotesque , because it 's not worth it !
 This guy is just an updated version of KISS -LRB- meets Nuremburg -RRB- -- only less musically talented -- if that 's possible . At least Gene Simmons does n't take himself so seriously .
 Marilyn Manson is back with a title very appropriate to his fiberous being `` The Golden Age of Grotesque '' . Manson to me is just a gimmick . However recently watching his first single `` mOBSCENE '' video , I was very impressed with the song and the video.First the song - It actually has a chorus , bridge , rhythm and lyrics you could understand , and was quite catchy.Video - Was wonderfully filmed showing Manson in more of a Grotesque yet Upscale nature which he looks best in . I do n't know if I liked the song more because the video was so visually wonderful to watch , or if I liked the song for what it was . Whatever the song was good.For the rest of the album it is just screaming noise banter with no second single future . `` mOBSCENE '' which never made its way on Billboards Hot 100 Singles Chart like `` Dope Show '' shows Mansons gimmick look and style is a little dated and over.Mansons sales slipped fast , and the album is going nowhere showing this artist is over with its fans that are left.Manson needs to change his image and maybe update his musical style . He is stuck in the mid 90s .
 Save your money , or do yourself a favour ... buy some good old Alice Cooper stuff instead of this ... for diversity and CLASS , check `` Billion Dollar Babies '' ... or if you like it HEAVY go for `` Brutal Planet '' .
 Manson 's new album GAOG lacks a lot of things , originality , emotion , things that used to be part of their music . Personally Holywood -LRB- In The Shadow Of The Valley Of Death -RRB- was a much better album , even though fans and critics alike considered it a disappointment . Manson 's musical roots are no longer present , due to the departure of longtime bassist and songwriter Twiggy Ramirez . In my opinion the band will not last much longer .
 i was very disappointed with this cd , mobscene is a good tune but the other songs are just lame . manson needs to work more on the music and less on make-up and costumes.the bonus dvd is no bonus to watch , very boring and repetitive i was hoping for something alot better . all of manson 's music before this cd is great , i own all of them , buy those to hear the best of manson .
 It seems to me that Manson is running out of ideas . On this latest release , there is nothing remotely surprising . The music is somewhat boring and he even borrows riffs from some other bands -LRB- i.e. - Filter , Faith No More and others -RRB- . It becomes rather redundant in many places . The lyrics are very childish . Once again , the goal of the day is to shock . But is anything he does anymore really shocking ? It has become old hat and rather predictable . I think that the only way he could really shock us anymore is if he became a born again Christian . However , I doubt that will ever happen . He seems too full of himself to humbly bow before his Creator.Im sure his loyal listeners will like this CD , but I doubt hell win any new converts with it . I thought that Anti-Christ Superstar and Mechanical Animals were musical masterpieces . Even if the lyrics were sometimes lame . With HolyWood , he just re-hashed those two albums . Now with Grotesque , it just seems hes running out of ideas . Its obvious to me why Twiggy decided to leave and join A Perfect Circle . I suppose he wanted to be in a band that was actually going places.Im sure there will be a lot of people that will disagree with me , but just remember that this is only my opinion and thats what reviews are supposed to be .
 It seems that Marilyn Manson has been running out of ideas since Anti-christ Superstar and though , his albums have gotten worse , they have n't been bad until now . Mechanical Animals was a nice direction to head off from ACS -LRB- even though it was the most blatant David Bowie rip off ever -RRB- and I was hoping he would continue trying new things . Then Holywood came out and it was basically ACS with more elaborate production . It was n't a big enough leap from ACS to sound fresh which is why it 's not one of my favorites . Still , I listen to it enough to know every song well and though it collects dust some months , it always manages to make it back in my cd rotation.Now , we have TGAOG and things are n't looking good for Marilyn Manson . I should say that I have been looking forward to this album as it is his first album that IS N'T part of his last trilogy since 1994 . He has been hyping it and even has a song on it called , The New S * % t. With all this hype , I thought this might be his next great album ... boy was I wrong.Don ' t let other reviews fool you , Manson is n't moving in any positive direction . In fact , he 's not moving in any direction at all . Aside from the mini instrumentals that begin and end this CD and the title track , every song on here has the same production . Basiaclly , they get an electronic `` groove '' going , and then put loud guitar over it . There are n't even any soft sad songs that were on his last 3 albums . Nope , this is just loud industrial the whole way through . Do n't let the whole cabarat theme fool you , the title track and the 2 mini instrumentals are the only things that sound cabarat on the album.Now , I 've found that there are two types of Marilyn Manson fans . The kind that like the band for their originality -LRB- in terms of production and sound -RRB- , and the kind that just like loud angry teen music . Now if you like bands like Korn , Staind and Slipknot , you 'll probably love this album . If you 're somebody who likes artists who evolve and try new things -LRB- like nin , radiohead and david bowie -RRB- , you 'll probably be bored with it . In fact , Korn and Slipknot could probably put their lyrics over this music and it could pass for one of their albums.I think fans are also falling for his hype when he talks about how their song writing is getting better . There is n't anything more complicated or `` better '' about their songwriting . The biggest leap in the song writing on this album is that the title track is in 3/4 -LRB- i think this is their first song that 's not in 4/4 -RRB- . Aside from that , there are n't any key , time signature or tempo changes in this album . The chord structure is pretty basic and I 'm wondering if he just takes a new drug on every album so it sounds like the album is different to him .
 I am writing today to save a few souls of their money and time . This album really , really bites . Throughout the album , you can tell that Manson 's presence in the band and in the limelight has diminished severely . Tim Skold has begun to take over , and Manson has recycled the lyrics he has used in the past . I actually like Skold , so I expected the merger between the two to be glorious . Instead , this album lacks any music whatsoever , with a poor and insufficient attempt at covering this fact up with techno and industrial influences . The only good thing about this album is that Manson has moved in a new direction . Unfortunately , he is now on the waning path of his career 's demise . After the unusually poor sales of Holy Wood , it seems that he is desperately trying to save his career with this album , but failed miserably . This is a sad tale , because believe it or not , I am a Manson fan . I really wanted to like this album , but it is undeniably bad . Also , the bonus DVD , Doppelherz , is -LSB- awful -RSB- . I expected much better from someone as demented and eccentric as Manson , but is an attempt to make a surrealist film that is poor at best , coming off as a cliched attempt to be `` creepy '' . Overall , I am very disappointed with Manson 's new attempt at music .
 THERE 'S NOTHING LEFT TO SAY ANYMORE . A major disappointment . I have always looked up to Manson as someone with more originality and creative integrity than all those mainstream hard rock bands that now dominate the radio . I was along for the ride full throttle until hearing the new album stopped me in my tracks . I did n't expect the formulaic , generic , boring songs that make up most of the album . I 've tried several times to just go with the flow and enjoy the songs in all their catchiness , but it 's not working . With the exception of GAOG and Spade , everything else sounds like everything else I 've heard and hated on the radio . I can accept the different writing style because it 's fun , but singing about rock and roll hits and producing mediocre music to go along with it ? Perhaps it was his intention to mimic the TRL times we are in , but in doing so I think he did a huge disservice to himself and his fans . The music does n't have to be dark or similar to previous albums , but I at least expected something musically ... good . The heartbreaking thing is knowing that he 's better than this , and not understanding how these bland songs please him . An honest reaction from an honest fan .
 Worse than Holy Wood , this is the lamest Manson effort yet . The generic sound of each track with it 's Verse-Chorus -LRB- bring in the distorted guitars and crash cymbal -RRB- - Verse formula is exceptionally annoying . And the lyrics are , for the most part rediculous . Most choruses seem forced
 Absolutely the worst album of Marilyn Manson . I am a big fan of his music but I must say that . Buy this CD only if you need it desperately for your MM collection . It contains only a few not bad songs like -LRB- s -RRB- aint , mOBSCENE , Para-Noir and Vodevil and even those songs do not make this album worth of bying or even listening second time . It is a huge disappointment . Never expected such a weak album from such a great performer .
 I STILL love all three of the last Manson albums , and was really hoping this would be a culmination effort , what with new member Tim Skold -LRB- supposedly -RRB- reinvigorating the recording and creation process . Instead , this is plain BORING ! Listen to the music underneath and imagine it without vocals . In almost every song I could hear this being another in a long line of industrial nu-metal bands that all sound the same . Sadly , we now add the name Marilyn Manson to that group . I guess the loss of Twiggy Ramirez is more pronounced than anybody would have thought . Outside of `` Mobscene '' and `` Ka-Boom '' rocking like the Manson of yore , there 's nothing here I have n't heard too many times before . Mary 's unique lyrical and vocal approach is not enough on this effort !
 Manson Is Dead!He even admits it himself in his DVD `` film '' , comparing himself to a dead flower ... not enough to make a bouquet . Stale narcissism abounds in this MM release . MM 's self-involvement and drug references have finally gotten old.While showing signs of cleverness ... nothing new happens here ... despite what other reviewers might say.Anti-Christ Superstar still reigns supreme as flesh and bone ... this is oatmeal jello.Brian Warner has been living as famous MM for too long ... his hunger , beauty , and creativity is now mired deeply in the swamp of his ego.BW should try something out of the scope of MM 'cause it is no longer believable and the message is a decade old.Anyhow this formerly staunch and fanatical MM fan has been there and done this once too often.Brian ... time for MM to get some sun and chill.You are no longer evolving as an artist , entertainer , or human . You have been painting with the same brush too long . Chase the beauty of the world ... stop dwelling on the suffering ... 'cause this self-imposed misery is B.S.Show us something new with true original artistic quality ... I used to think you were up to the task ... now I doubt it .
 Whatever happened to the brilliance of his top 3 albums -LRB- Antichrist Superstar , Mechanical Animals and Holy Wood In The Shadow Of Death ? This album is to me just an uninspired version of Nine Inch Nails ' Pretty Hate Machine -LRB- which rocked by the way -RRB- . No matter how much you liked Manson 's trilogy I strongly suggest you avoid this album no matter how much you like Marilyn Manson.What happened to the master works that were Tourniquet , Man That You Fear , Lamn Of God , Burning Flag , Coma White , The Last Day On Earth , etc ? None of the songs on Golden Age come close to being as good as the songs in his trilogy.If you want a hard rocking , finely produced album I suggest you stick with Marilyn Manson 's Antichrist and Holy wood as well as Nine Inch Nail 's masterpiece The Downward Spiral.And if youre looking for an easily accesible poppier sounding album just stick with Manson 's Mechanical Animals and Nine Inch Nails ' Pretty Hate Machine .
 After sifting through fan site after fan site in vain I 'm so happy to find some sanity here . Please , fans , admit it ! I love Manson , too
 I can only give it one star , and that 's only because of the song `` Spade '' . I really ca n't sit through this album . Lyrically , it 's not Manson 's best , and musically , it 's not that good either . The album conversly though , is a waste of guitar riffs , lack of live drumming , lack of multi-dimensional instrument playing , all in a poppy commerically accessible formula that is at first appealing , but fades away because in the end the Golden Age of Grotesque marks Marilyn Manson 's musical atrophy . Tim Skold is highly responsible for this , but Marilyn Manson hiring him is a testimony to his lack of an ear for exceptional music . Also , most of the inspiration for this album is from Manson 's Yoko Ono - Dita Von Teese . Exceptions are scattered minutely throughout the album -- but this is by far Manson 's worst album . It does n't have the musical integrity to elevate him anywhere , but just to demote him to a dishearteningly low level . The Golden Age of Grotesque is Marilyn Manson reminiscent of Linkin Park , because the formula in their music is now identical . The only good song in this album is Spade . The problem with Marilyn Manson now is that he is trying to hard to be Mr. Pop Star ... literally . What happened to the Marilyn Manson we all use to love ... the one who was brave enough to be different from other bands ? Who was outspoken ? Has Dita Von Teese completely brainwashed Manson into becoming `` Mr Cabaret Burlesque man '' and told him this album was great ? Because this album is far from great . Buy instead `` AntiChrist Superstar '' , `` Holywood '' , or `` Mechanical Animals '' . Those albums are brilliant . As for Manson , start doing music the way you want to . Not the way your girlfriend Dita wants you to . We already have a Yoko Ono.This album also comes with a DVD of a movie Manson made called `` Doppleherz '' . I really do n't know what to say about the DVD . It 's just plain weird . Manson repeats the same line over and over again and before you know it , your falling asleep watching the thing . I would have perferred to see some behind the scenes kinda documentary , then some bad B-movie of Manson 's . Manson appears , with his band , the two Siamese twin girls , Aria Giovanni the porn star and of course Dita Von Teese - another porn star . The DVD 's not any better then the actual music.People keep saying `` This album will grow on you ... '' Why should an album from such a musician as Marilyn Manson grow on you ? It should grab you from the first time you listen to the album , and leave you wanting for more . To me it seems that Manson is running out of ideas . I mean , Manson actually steals riffs from other bands like Tool -LRB- Slutgarden -RRB- , Faith No More -LRB- Mobscene -RRB- and Filter -LRB- This is the new S ***** -RRB- ! The album is redundant in many ways and the lyrics are very childish . I use to be able to sit and listen to Manson 's album and actually THINK of what he was saying . With this album , I just laughed really hard . I just hope that Manson 's next album is better then this one .
 I ca n't even begin to say what a complete letdown this CD was for me . As a long-time Manson fan I really expected more , or at the very least to find ANYTHING that I like about this album . It 's terrible and virtually all the songs sound the same ... which in this case is not a good thing . I 'm also convinced that Jeordie made a good move and got out while he could . What 's up J5 . Just a mess , and not listenable . Antichrist Superstar was brilliant . Mechanical animals was beautiful . Holywood was his darkest by far -LRB- my opinion -RRB- and argueably some of the bands best work . This , however , is -LSB- not good -RSB- . I have n't even looked at the DVD yet , and do n't intend to . I would n't reccomend this album to anyone .
 I was ready to give this album 2 stars because there are about 3 songs on this that I liked.The Music in almost all of them are awesome until Manson opens his mouth.But It was when I watched his 26min . DVD that came with it is when I decided ... this CD/DVD Package does not in any way deserve any stars.The DVD is nothing but manson repeating lines over and over.Anyone who likes the DVD seriously needs to grow up and get there head checked.But I will say if I ever find an Instrumental of this album ill buy it.But other than that I have Vowed to NEVER buy another Manson CD again .
 This CD is a step down from the Mechanical Animals CD . If you are a Marilyn Manson fan , then stop and read this . This CD is nothing like AntiChrist Superstar or Holywood . With Twiggy gone , so has the hard sound that made Manson famous . All songs have a good hard beat somewhere in the song , but then change to a techno sounding beat and an annoying sounding chorus . Not very hard sounding . Manson has changed his sound so much that it is hard to even realize that this is from the individual who once produced Antichrist Superstar .
 Words can not describe how dreadful this album is . `` Porait of an american family '' was his only good record.Every song is awful , And the bonus DVD it came with was pointless garbage.Manson just seems to be trying to shock people.Every single thing he does is a rip off of another artist.This record is NOT worth buying , avoid at all costs .
 Marilyn Manson = s *** ty nu-metal , NOT goth metal or shock rock ! Manson is nothing but a poseur , and if he does things the least bit offensive -LRB- i.e. cover a fan in meat -RRB- it 's considered shocking and scary . I bet if you guys went to a Mayhem concert , you 'd s *** your pants , as Mayhem do live animal sacrfices on stage and make Manson look like Mr. Rogers ! Also , want satanic ? Listen to Dimmu Borgir , Shagrath -LRB- DB vocalist -RRB- makes Manson look like a school quoir boy .
 I Know what your saying your probably thinking it was n't that bad.Think again this was the worst manson album ever made!I mean it is so bad i would give `` Holy Wood '' A 5 Star rating!i 'm sorry but I just depise this album.I may be a Kid but I can give you good advice ! DO N'T BUY THIS ALBUM ! A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!
 I bought this album not long after hearing the album he did with Jack McDuff called `` Dynamic '' -LRB- Prestige records-PRLP-7323 -RRB- back in 1964 , now out-of-print . I was taken by the arrangements he did for McDuff and expected more of the same punch he delivered . Boy , was I wrong . Aside from ' A Sweedish Villa ' it sounds as though everyone in the band was taking a vacation and was asked at the last minute to do a recording session.Having cut my teeth on Basie and other swing era big bands , I was just hoping that this album could resurect some of the dynamics of that time . But alas `` NO '' . Benny Golson would later put out some fine albums , but this one was n't one of them .
 Do n't make the same mistake i did . Even though this `` band '' is named Pet . It is n't the same band that sang `` Lil Boots '' . This `` Pet '' is a horrible britpop male fronted band not fit to shine Lisa Papineau 's boots . This cd is dated 2004 , years after the real Pet broke up . You 've been warned .
 With so much great Culture reggae available , this rather weak and uninvolving effort should be sought out by completists only . It sounds as though Joseph Hill is coasting on this effort , but he would recover .
 With so much great Culture reggae available , this rather weak and uninvolving effort should be sought out by completists only . It sounds as though Joseph Hill is coasting on this effort , but he would recover .
 There is only one song that makes this album worth purchasing . So sad . hat song is `` Crazy '' by Desire . Reintroduced and heard on the radio during the spring of 1998 -LRB- I know it was in California anyways -RRB- Crazy over You is a catchy tune , youll actually find that track 13 is the only one worth listening to . But this is the only album that seems to have that tune , so I am glad either way that I bought it .
 I 've often had mixed feelings about Skye 's voice ... sometimes it seemed almost too tailored for the band 's grooves . Jeez , I really miss her soothing voice now . The new singer just does not fit in my mental image of what Morcheeba 's music was . Oh , and the music ... well , it sounds like a revival of bad movies from the '70s . Too loud , too ... what 's the word , too harsh and un-produced . Oh well , another good band goes down . Hey , at least we had a few good albums already .
 I want to like this album , I know bands have to grow and evolve , but I can not get past the new vocal . I feel bad , but I just ca n't . I also think the writing is pretty poor . I hope there are people out there that can vibe on this , but I 'm not one of them .
 Eurythmics-era Annie Lennox singing a bunch of James Bond movie themes . If that sounds good , buy it . If not , skip it .
 It 's my fault for loading up the card with CDs and not looking at the reviews first , but I had no idea that this record sports a new vocalist as well as a new style . Morchiba 's prior stuff has a prominent place in many of my playlists -- so trippy , so beautiful . At virtually every dinner party , someone asks `` who is this ? '' when a Morchiba tune comes around.But I am sorry to say that I doubt any tracks from this album will end up on my future playlists . I agree with another reviewer - several tunes sound like they could be out of a James Bond movie soundtrack . Do n't get me wrong - it 's not bad , it is just not the treasured sound of the greatest trip hop band of all time.Sad , really .
 The voice is gone , the voice is gone ... a sad day , Skye Edwards no longer haunts the ethereal realm of trip hop and its a damn shame . The voice is gone and although Daisey 's voice is good its not Skye Edwards ' . I fell in love with Morcheeba because of a voice , Skye 's voice ; nothing else like it on earth . To me Skye and Morcheeba are one in the same . Remove her and you should change the name , its simply not the same . I miss that voice , that voice , that sensual voice , that hypnotic voice ... what happened?If you do n't own it already , buy `` Who Can You Trust '' and start your collection there and see what I 'm talking about , then you can end your collection just before this one . This is not Morcheeba ... its not the voice . Its decent but falsely advertised as Morcheeba ... sort of like Sammy Haggar sitting in for David Lee Roth ... its good but not the same ... Skye Edwards please visit us again ... please
 People ordering this should know that Skye , the singer of the past Morcheeba albums , is not on this record . The two men who started the band got a new singer , who just is n't as special , and now the band sounds like a lot of other bands -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . With Skye gone they just do n't stand out from the rest . : - -LRB-
 I recently saw Morcheeba in Germany promoting this album and it was just not the same . Since Skye Edwards departed , the band now lacks a key element that made Morcheeba `` special '' . The brothers really have talent , with Ross Godfrey being the extraordinary mastermind behind the music , but unfortunately the guys have inflated their ego 's to believe that `` they '' are Morcheeba and Skye was only hired help . Godfrey brothers - GET REAL . No Skye Edwards , no Morcheeba . Ross made the tunes but Skye , with her pure sex voice , made the songs into audio heaven.One thing I must say is that this is also completely unfair to the new singer -LRB- Daisy Martey -RRB- . It is next to impossible to try and match Skye and that is what the brothers did - try to find a Sky replacement . What they should of done was change to a singer with a completely different style . But it appears they are making a contemptible attempt to cash in on their past success.Note - Skye has been signed as a solo and her debut is due out soon .
 When I was vacationing in London this past May I spotted this new Morcheeba CD at the store . I bought it and could n't wait to get it in the CD player . Having only discovered this group a couple of years ago with the `` Parts of the Process '' compilation , I had fallen in love with the easy grooves and Skye Edwards talented , sultry voice . -LRB- Listen to `` The Sea '' and then follow it up with `` Undress Me Now '' and you 'll understand the magic in the range of her voice . -RRB- Imagine my extreme disappointment when I heard `` The Antidote . '' Skye is gone , replaced my a singer with a lower register and very little range . At times the new singer 's voice grated on my nerves so much , I had to move to the next track.The CD was a waste of money and the hour I took to listen to it is an hour I will never get back.News reports say the new singer is already gone and will be replaced , not by Skye , but by yet another new girl.After the brillance of the pre - `` Antidote '' library , I am forced to wonder
 I bought this album after falling in love withCharangoand I was quite disappointed . Skye Edwards departure made for a different sound that I personally did n't enjoy as much.I respect the opinion of those who do like this album , but my personal experience is that I like Charango andBig Calm , but not this . I think I ended up giving it away to a friend .
 This is the last one i purchase of Morcheeba , without listening to it first . Agreeing with some of previous reviewers , the sound is not BIG CALM , nor is it WHO CAN YOU TRUST ? . It 's different . I purchased the CD , without listening to it first . This was after hearing the other two mentioned above . I was surprised , not in a good way and disappointed that the heart and soul sound of Skye was missing . I gave the CD away . Some may like the new singer . I 'll pass .
 In my opinion , replacing Skye Edwards with Daisy Martey has substantially changed the flavor of Morcheeba , and decidedly not for the better . Quite honestly , I 'm surprised at the number of favorable reviews here . To me , this album sounds like Morcheeba retread -LRB- nothing new here musically -RRB- , and without interesting vocals . In fact , I found some of the songs downright embarrassingly poor and could n't listen to them all the way through . If this is what the new Morcheeba sounds like , I wo n't be buying any more of their albums .
 I was so excited that a new Morcheeba album was out that I did n't take the time to read any reviews . I was expecting Skye because why would n't you ? She was not only the lead singer , she also wrote a good number of their songs . This album would n't be terrible if it was recorded under a different name , but this is in no way a Morcheeba album . As Morcheeba this album makes no sense . Please , someone tell me Skye has something solo coming out . Some bands are better starting over than trying to re-invent themselves when they lose their most important component .
 There really is just one song on this album that I like -LRB- Wonders Never Cease -RRB- . The rest just a waste of time.After suffering through Fragments of Freedom and a slightly better Churango , I was really looking forward to something more in line with Who Can Your Trust -LRB- my favorite -RRB- and Big Calm . I mean , surely the Godfrey 's had passed beyond this silly and infantile identity crisis and realized that the sound they started off with is what people like.I could not have been more disappointed . I 'll dare say this is worse than Fragments of Freedom -LRB- and I loath that album -RRB- . The fault lies squarely on the Godfrey 's themselves . It 's like they 're hell-bent on destroying what they achieved with their first two albums.To be honest , Diasy 's voice does n't bother me as much as I thought is would -LRB- contrary to a previous reviewer , Skye 's voice was very much was the sound of Morcheeba -RRB- . However , I ca n't help but feel she 'd be better suited singing a James Bond theme song or filling in for Grace Slick.If you 're considering buying this album , please think again . At the very least , start off with Who Can You Trust and/or Big Calm . The idea of someone being introduced to Morcheeba with this tripe make my stomach turn sour .
 I read all the reviews , and selected this based on the most mature and unemotional reviewer i could find . Alas - I ask you to trust your instincts and believe me when I say morcheeba is not morcheeba with out Skye 's voice - unless you really really really really love -LSB- bad -RSB- Disco . Go to Itunes instead . Or just buy the `` big calm '' or `` who can you trust '' - you will be much much happier with your purchase .
 Wrong very wrong choice ... Morcheeba dies when Skye was replaced for this rare woman ... i do n't like it at all.I 'll never buy a Morcheeba 's Cd again . .
 I had such an odd mix of feelings when I found out Morcheeba had a new cd . I was joyous , exhuberant , high on life and just plain happy ... but , that soon ended when I got this cd and realized something was VERY wrong . SKYE is gone !!!! There is a new vocalist who just DOES N'T do the music justice . She sounds like she should be singing the opening song to a BOND flick , NOT vocalizing for one of the best trip hop bands ever ! Skye was the soul of Morcheeba , and her airy , seductive vocals were a HUGE part of what made this band so incredible . The new lead singer 's vocals are far too pitchy and annoying for me to fully enjoy . There is just something very grating about her voice to me ! I am very upset about Skye leaving the band and I just can not find this album enjoyable . It 's lacking more than Skye ... It 's lacking the old emotion and beauty that Morcheeba 's previous albums had . The grittier , crunchier , 1960 's influenced sounds are boring and have been done time and time again . For fans of Morcheeba who had high expectations this may just well turn out to be a let-down as it was for myself , but for newer listeners -LRB- who have no previous knowledge of the band -RRB- they MAY find something in this album that they enjoy .
 I 'm listening to Everyone Loves a Loser as I write this , and I 'm actually bored . It sounds like a pop song , FCOL . I got hooked on Big Calm after only ONE song that was included on a mix CD I got for free after attending a Stevie Nicks concert.This album just is n't as interesting as Big Calm was . I 'm going to see what Skye has been up to ... hopefully she has a solo album out.FCOL = `` for crying out loud '' .
 I was sad when I heard that Skye Edwards was leaving but the pure vocal talent of the new lead singer more than makes up for it . What ca n't redeem this album is the song writing straight out of a junior high school band . It is truely sad that the vocals can not carry the tired and cliched songwriting . This album -LRB- which I bought for $ 9.99 on iTunes -RRB- was a waste of money and has made me move on from Morcheeba with much regret .
 Morcheeba , for some reason or another has unfortunately changed there menu from a delicious variety of spicy treats to cotton candy and soda `` pop '' . While I 'm sure this new saccharine approach will find them new customers , long time patrons like me will be looking for somewhere else to dine . The album is musically proficient , but lacks anything resembling the Morcheeba fans know and love . Oh well , all good things must come to pass . Good luck in your new venture .
 ... whether this CD s * cks or blows . I have all of this band 's other CDs , which demonstrate a good spectrum of style , but this new CD just is n't what I like . I know the Godfrey brothers `` are '' the band , but without Skye 's vocals , they are just another band , and not one that I particularly care for.AND ... their website says that now their new lead singer , Daisy , has been replaced by someone else . Better get it together guys , but in any event , I wo n't be buying any more Morcheeba CDs .
 I bought this album in France for the airplane ride home . Let 's just say that it did n't occupy me the whole time . This is unfortunate , because after hits like Big Calm , I was expecting a lot . I suppose it has been too long since I listened to Morcheeba ; their sound has totally changed , and , unfortunately , not in a good way . The lead singer 's voice is really wonderful , but the writing is poor overall . The only redeaming song on the album is `` Everybody Loves a Loser '' which at least has some oompf . The other songs are utterly forgetable . I am sad to say that I was unhappy with this purchase .
 I was extremely disappointed . Everyone knows that manson has been going down hill since Mechanical Animals , but at least that CD was tolerable with classic songs like Coma White , The Dope Show , and Rock is Dead . Not to mention the unforgettable love song The Last Day on Earth , how many of us titled that `` our '' song . The image change was okay as long as the music was still good . Then came Holywood which was even less tolerable but at least it had meaning and lyrics that some of us could relate to like A Place in the Dirt , The Nobodies , etcetera . I still can not figure out what Manson is trying to say to us with this CD , the lyrics are ridiculous , and there 's no TWIGGY ! The only song that I think is even remotely good is slutgarden , it 's tune is a little catchy . I wish Manson had n't changed . He needs to grow out his hair , put on a red and white stripped top hat , and start making beautiful music again because this SUCKS .
 If you are a industrial rock fan and you own this album , you should be ashamed . This album is n't worth -LSB- ... -RSB- to most industrial music . It 's missing the complete vibe with syths and keyboards.Manson needs to get back to the old days when he was edgey and sick . ACS and PoaAF were by far his most poetic and incredible albums . This sounded like something a random kid with a computer made up the syths and added to screaming and bad guitar playing . -LRB- Which is still better than most bands . -RRB- In short this album was n't worth a 3 year wait . Get back to what you know Manson !
 I have never liked Marilyn Manson . His sad excuses for songs make no sense and he tries too hard to shock and falls flat every time . But I try to keep an open mind when someone wants me to hear something and I thought with all the good things I had heard about this CD , maybe I was wrong and maybe he was n't so bad . Boy , was I wrong in thinking that ! Here is my review of it , The CD first , then the DVD.First The CD : This CD is a piece of garbage that sounds somewhat like New Waver Corey Hart trying to be metallers W.A.S.P. or something ! I ca n't name songs because I did not buy this c.d. -LRB- I was forced to listen to it by my friend , a Marilyn Manson disciple * read
 ok i 'm gon na come out and say this right now . this is the first and i mean the very first manson cd i ever heard where i was n't impressed . not lyrically or musically . mobscene is such a clever gimic with the cheerleading chorus and a bit sexy in a way too but this cd is a severe disappointment . here 's why , manson 's lyrics are dried up and tired . whatever has happened whether he 's taken too many drugs or not enough whatever it is he 's lost it . is it forever ? who knows . what i do know is manson has just shown me that right now he either does n't care or is out of ideas . cause this cd does n't have anything that is rememberable outside of a catchy chorus here and there and a few good songs.here 's what i loved about old manson albums
 Not since Anti-Christ Superstar has Marilyn Manson released a record with anything close to resembling merit . While Mechanical Animals had its positive moments , it marked the steady path of decline that Manson and his team of goons have careened down without looking back.Now in The Golden Age of the Grotesque Manson returns to bite us ... with another pathetic and abortive stab at validity . It seems that the further this man goes to try and be off the mark , the more horrible his creative attempts become . One interesting and comical moment on the record is when Manson attempts to rap , obviously buying into the rap-rock bull that has pervaded decent music since the post-Korn revolution.My advice , pass this one by . Better luck next time Manson .
 And there 's nothing wrong with John Galliano , however , the wearing of a great designer is symptomatic of the decline of another edgy artist
 Marilyn Manson probably should have quit music after his crowning achievement , Antichrist Superstar . At least that way the Mechanical Animals embarassment would never happened . Golden Age of Grotesque is proof that Manson at the very least should have called it quits after Holy Wood . Everything here is derivative , not just of Manson 's past music but the themes of other performers today . It 's pretty obvious that this is the artist wallowing in his self-magnificence and nothing to please the fans who have put Manson where he is today . Buy it if you have a compulsion to own every Manson recording , but even then I 'd get it used . Of course , this album sounds like it 's been pretty used already , and not in a fun way .
 I LOVED Marilyn Manson 's older stuff . Antichrist Superstar was really an amazing album . He used to be this deformed brilliant iconic legendary hero from another planet ; but a steady release of terrible songs thoroughly destroyed that . This album was really awful . It is actually embarassingly bad . It has potty mouth lyrics and a boring sound . It feels like a pathetic attempt at reclaiming his former fame.Just pretend Marilyn Manson died a poetic and memorable death and the albums after Antichrist do n't exist .
 I was once a great fan of the Antichrist album but I guess that was another MM . I could only endure the first 3 songs . What is he trying to do , this is a waste of talent . Just buy Antichrist and anything before that .
 Marilyn Manson ? In Bowling For Columbine he makes what is the most central point of the whole movie , and appears both alienated from and yet also an accurate observer of modern societies ills . But in record format , his lyrics are often simplistic and ineffective , despite his persona away from them
 The `` suicide king 's '' new album is nothing like his previous ones , This album is by far the worst load of -LSB- junk -RSB- I have heard from Manson . Most of his songs from his other albums are incredible , however seeing as how he was quote un quote `` going for a hip hop sound '' this album has completely demolished all that is Manson . I am a very big fan of previous Albums such as Anti-christ SuperstarMechanical AnimalsHolywoodEtc . etc.Manson has outdone himself this time , but not in the way any of us had hoped . He has completely tarnished his god forsaken nature and just obliterated his reputation with ONE album . its amazing that a multi-million superstar such as himself would actually release this low grade album on poor unsuspecting fans . I am more than by far disappointed with this lousy CD . Manson fans , my opinion is that you should stick to the older albums . Unless of course you need a 20 $ frisby then by all means go out and by The Golden Age Of Grotesque .
 This is the g ** est album ever made . Dont waste your money on this , instead buy an album from The Sisters , Bauhaus , or Christian Death .
 This is like all the crappy fast upbeat songs off mechanical animals and holy wood , I only bought those for the slow , depressing songs . Melancholy Manson is cool , rockin out party time Manson sucks . Antichrist superstar is awesome though . So I guess angry Manson is cool too .
 This is such a bad cd for those of you who like this do n't worry you will grow up eventually . He can only market himself to you poor tasteless children so long .
 One of the worst albums of all time . Bad bad bad bad . Marilyn Manson has sold out , and this album proves it . Bad lyrics . Bad music . Bad bad bad.Buy AntiChrist Superstar instead , Holywood : In The Shadow of The Valley of death , or Smells Like Children . Just do n't buy The Golden Age of Grotesque . It 's really bad .
 Manson Is Dead!He even admits it himself in his DVD `` film '' , comparing himself to a dead flower ... not enough to make a bouquet . Stale narcissism abounds in this MM release . MM 's self-involvement and drug references have finally gotten old.While showing signs of cleverness ... nothing new happens here ... despite what other reviewers might say.Anti-Christ Superstar still reigns supreme as flesh and bone ... this is oatmeal jello.Brian Warner has been living as famous MM for too long ... his hunger , beauty , and creativity is now mired deeply in the swamp of his ego.BW should try something out of the scope of MM 'cause it is no longer believable and the message is a decade old.Anyhow this formerly staunch and fanatical MM fan has been there and done this once too often.Brian ... time for MM to get some sun and chill.You are no longer evolving as an artist , entertainer , or human . You have been painting with the same brush too long . Chase the beauty of the world ... stop dwelling on the suffering ... 'cause this self-imposed misery is B.S.Show us something new with true original artistic quality ... I used to think you were up to the task ... now I doubt it .
 As the title idicates , this album to me , is CRAP ! It pains me to give Marilyn Manson , a band i 've always enjoyed for years , such a low rating but one fact seriously shoots out after hearing this album . Nobody should have to endure to their ears , the torture that is Golden Age of Grotesque , nobody ... not even Satan . This album is Marilyn Manson with a new Bassist , Tim Skold , and the sound overall , has gone straight to Hell . The group has taken on some kind of Techno-Industrial sound , and gave up for the most part -LRB- 40 % -RRB- , the whole Metal thing . It is in my great opinion , that Tim Skold has destroyed this band , and that the departure of Twiggy Ramirez is so evident that his going away , will be the downfall of this once great group . Sad to say , i 'm begining to think that Twiggy is what made Manson a good group , now that he 's gone ... bye bye Manson 's old fanbase , and bye bye Manson 's career as a decent Metal group . This cd , is full of alot of techno , no songs except the title track , are worth any replay value whatsoever . For once , a Manson cd is just THAT BAD ! I am a 5 year Marilyn Manson fan , and have enjoyed most if not that , all of his work . But , GAOG is just sadly , something I have to say that I AM ASHAMED to own , due to the fact that it just sucks . If you 're just getting into Manson , I suggest getting Antichrist Superstar or Portrait of an American Family . But never , I repeat , NEVER get Golden Age of Grotesque , you 're only setting yourself up for major dissappointment , in not only the band , but their new bassist , whom did WAY BETTER as a solo artist , and in KMFDM . Manson , for God 's sake , let Twiggy come back , before Tim Skold is your ultimate undoing !
 ... slutgarden and tainted love are 2 of my favourite songs , ever . . especially slutgarden , and i 'm putting that down to the new bassists contributions -LRB- considering he was part of kmfdm - so i 've been told -RRB- . . apart from these 2 songs , the whole album is commercial ... very simple songs , boring and dull . . just like the trend of nu-metal . the lyrics are very childish . . -LRB- not childlike as intended -RRB- although many will say manson has always written like this but atleast they were never as tacky and obviously just trying to attract dumb little nu-metal skater kids . it does n't seem like a lot of effort has been put into the songs , and apart from slutgarden and tainted love , the bassists contribution seems to hinder mansons vocals , driving him into a more simplified approach . it sounds a lot more kmfdm than manson . . less rocky and more computerised . . no offence to the bassist , i really like kmfdm -LRB- and anyone reading this should go listen to juke joint jezebel !! go now . . hurry -RRB- but manson needs twiggy back . . afterall , i can still hear a lot of his riffs and ideas from previous efforts in this new album , just slghtly rehashed and hidden underneath all the samples . mansons vocals are also very similar to holywood , almost identical in places with less feeing ... and the drum and bass element is n't too good . . from an open minded manson fan who has practicaly all mansons previous works , i would rather listen to papa f**king roach and blink 182 ... manson , get twiggy and daisy back !!! . . or atleast zimzum . . atleast these 3 had riffs that drove the songs . apart from this effort , the rest of the lbums get 5 stars !!! portrait is the best album ever created !! . . remember that one brian ?? best album ever . wonder if that much effort went into this release ??
 As a LONG-TIME Manson Fan I 'm saddened and shocked -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- by TGAOG . It 's terrible . I tried VERY hard to like anything about it and sadly I just do n't . I really hoped that Twiggy 's departure would n't kill the band , and I 'm not saying that it has ... but what is this ??? I 'm going to be selling mine on -LSB- the web -RSB- very soon ... what a shame . From one song to another it all sounds the same , and that 's `` not a good thing '' . I agree with another reviewer , it 's only a matter of time before Manson splits . Jeordie was smart and got out while he could . I 'm sorry Manson , it 's just not what I 'd hoped for and one listen through the album was enough for me , never again . Then again , ... it 'll probably sell well . Who knows .
 The entire time that I was listening to this album , I could n't help but think that not even Manson is taking himself or the music seriously anymore . I could n't get into this album because I was n't convinced that these were lyrics to Marilyn Manson songs
 Well Manson had been putting out good music for a few years now so you just knew it was coming . Well I guess every artist is entitled to atleast one crap cd . Everything about this cd is below what mansons capable of . Do yourself a favor and go listen to Mechanical Animals or Holy Wood and pretend The Golden Age of Grotesque was all a dream .
 I am a really big fan of Manson and although I favored one or two songs of this album I would have to agree with some of the people when I say this is not one of Mansons ordinary wave and all in all not too great of a C.D. But , hey to each it 's own it 's just my opinion after hearing this album it did n't as many others have said even really sound like Manson it sounded like a different person . I 'm sure every artist gets curious in trying something different which looks like he is trying to do . Tried it , did n't work well now let 's get back with the OLD MANSON ! I would save my money and pass on this cd , you want some real Manson music get his older albums ; Anti-Christ Superstar or Holly Wood -LRB- In The Shadow Of The Valley Of Death -RRB- .
 The other day , while surfing through music sites on the net i saw Marilyn Manson 's name twice -LRB- on different sites -RRB- being mentioned as `` Marilyn Mainstream '' . Now , there 's some food for thought.This album did - of course - ride the charts as had previous horror `` Holywood '' . Mission then accomplished.Manson has been constantly undermining whatever it was that he stood for -LRB- and there could be a whole catalogue of opinions about this -RRB- . The momentum , but above all , the excitement generated by albums like `` Antichrist Superstar '' or `` Mechanical animals '' or even , before these , the more indepedent releases -LRB- Portrait of an american family -RRB- has withered to a long forgotten but sweet memory.I hear -LRB- and read -RRB- that Manson wishes to relive an era of pre-WWII-Berlin with this album . Ok . There 's nothing wrong of course with installing some healthy retro touches into your music . Not if there 's any substance to it . But is there any here?With song titles -LRB- and lyrics -RRB- that resemble something like `` Kabooma-booma '' or `` Bazza-buzzo-bozzo-mojomuffin '' any discussions about substance are far stretched . And the music ? All done before but better -LRB- even by Manson himself -RRB- with the added element that not one of the here offered songs approaching the `` memorable level '' . I apologise for being mild by the way.Another thing that impressed me is that Manson has reduced himself to a kinda Eminem-metal guy thumping his chest and screaming how 's he 's gon na write a rock n roll hit and what he 's gon na do with all the dough he 's gon na pull in from it . Hmm . That 's all very nice and interesting but why should we all care?Fact is , increasingly more people are refusing to care about Manson 's wishes . That might not hindern Manson from riding the charts , but then again , C.Aguilera is riding the charts too and so are dozens of boy groups and other oddities as well . Manson is beginning to be in good company . Because if horror is his mission i couldnt imagine a bigger horror than glancing at the charts at any given day.Having uttered what i just did , i think that the Alice Cooper sequel for this era has reached its sad end . For those a little older in age , it must be mentioned that Cooper 's artistic end was n't pretty . You noticing any similarities?Overall , this is an album-monument to nothingness . Musically , lyrically and image-wise . Being that it has - naturally - quite some success financially as it fits perfectly with its times . But this is exactly the juxtaposition , the contradiction here . Manson built his name by trying to oppose his times.May the next Alice-Cooper-Manson take the stage please . Oh , but wait till the elephants and the clowns have left first .
 I want to start by saying that I have been an AVID Manson fan since 1994 and when I heard there was a new album I was thrilled . My excitment soon faded into staunch disappointment as each song played on `` The Golden Age of the Grotesque '' played . First of all , there is nothing new about the sound of this album , which fails a past precedent set by Manson . From `` Portrait '' , to `` Antichrist Superstar '' , `` Mechanical Animals '' , and `` Holywood '' each album defined itself with it 's own unique artistry and sound . `` Golden Age '' fails in this . However , the album sounds OK and that is n't where my main complaint is . The lyrics on this album are completely meaningless and ridiculous . One of the things I always liked about Manson was that the songs , the lyrics had a point , they were artistic , they were respectable . You will find none of that on `` Golden Age '' . What you will find is nonsense , like `` Doll-Dagga Buzz-Buzz Ziggety Zag , tons of gratuitous sex -LRB- similar to the days of Motely Crue and Guns N Roses -RRB- in `` mObsene '' and `` Slutgarden '' , and celebrations of being a big time rock star -LRB- similar to any big time rap star , or 80 's metal band -RRB- in songs like `` Kaboom Kaboom '' . It seems that somewhere along the line here Manson forgot what integrity is . What happened to wonderful concept albums like `` Antichrist '' ? It seems that Manson has sold out , like so many before him to sex , and being a `` rock star '' . I listened to the album twice before I gave it away , and I wo n't be going to Ozzfest this summer to see Manson - I could n't bear to listen to them perform the garbage of this album instead of their past music . I guess Trent Reznor was right when he wrote `` Starf -- kers '' .
 I do n't believe this . First the new style , then firing Twiggy . This guy is never short of shocks . Any decent Manson fan knows that it was the girlish Twiggy who gave the band their more traditional punk rock sound . Now that he 's gone , only John 5 and Ginger Fish provide memories of what was once the REAL golden age of Manson 's grotesqueness . But looking at the positive side of the album , New S ** t and Slutgarden are the only songs worth listening to more than once . And what the hell is the deal with Kaboom Kaboom ???!!! I ca n't believe that this is what they 're coming to now . He should just stick to playing with dildoes and raping sheep instead of screwing over best friends . To conclude , do n't buy this album , just download New S ** t and Slutgarden . You should own Mechanical Animals and Holywood if you like this kind of music . This is a sad era for Mansonites .
 ok in a small amount of words . this is garbage . i dont know what the hell manson was thinking . without twiggy how did he expect to put out a GOOD album . didnt work . `` slutgarden '' is the only worthy track listening to . `` saint '' is a moronic pop song with goes . . '' hold the S cause i am an AINT '' dumb dumb dumb . dont buy it unless your paying the 3 bucks for it used .
 To be genuinly straightforward , this is not an impressive effort from the Manson camp , but a singular vision lacking in testement to a greater purpose . The music has acrid bite , but no delightfully subversive toungue-in-cheek musical personality . Instead it is a vastly over-produced to death mess that is all in all a weak effort in just about everything . I wo n't even bother to break into the symbiotic relationship of music and execution except to say that this is , perhaps , one of their most boring and tepid releases , hampered by a lack of a fresh purpose and novel invention . Not their worst , but certainly a failing effort.The only Marilyn Manson I can reccomend is `` Mechanical Animals '' , which , although a turnabout departure from their familiar black/goth stylings , had a host of sonic equity to spare through the entire record . Not one track on `` Golden '' comes close to matching that record 's glam-rock swagger.Perhaps they need Michael Beinhorn back at the producing console . Also , Manson , I reccomend you look deep inside , instead of at the universal exterior , to come up with personal meaning for your next musical objective.This dross just sounds like a lot of circus , over the top , hocus-pocus that does n't have one heart-felt or genuinelly impassioned song.Better luck on the next outing , mr. superstar .
 This album is n't nearly ... for a lack of a better way to put it , quality , as his other efforts . Every album usually had something that drew you in to engage your senses . Now hearing the whole album , I felt he took all the annoying cliches from his predecessors , tossed it into a bag , shook it , spilled it out , and called it the golden age of grotesque . Nobody cares about his senseless rambiling about the media anymore , i was let down when I heard the new single . A couple tracks had some interesting segments , but for every good chorus a song had there was a lacking verse , etc. ... pretty boring stuff if you ask me . Overall it almost seems like Mansion did n't put his all into this and instead the cookie cutter album seemed like it was attempting to reach out to an audience that has moved on .
 It seems to me that Manson is running out of ideas . On this latest release , there is nothing remotely surprising . The music is somewhat boring and he even borrows riffs from some other bands -LRB- i.e. - Filter , Faith No More and others -RRB- . It becomes rather redundant in many places . The lyrics are very childish . Once again , the goal of the day is to shock . But is anything he does anymore really shocking ? It has become old hat and rather predictable . I think that the only way he could really shock us anymore is if he became a born again Christian . However , I doubt that will ever happen . He seems too full of himself to humbly bow before his Creator.Im sure his loyal listeners will like this CD , but I doubt hell win any new converts with it . I thought that Anti-Christ Superstar and Mechanical Animals were musical masterpieces . Even if the lyrics were sometimes lame . With HolyWood , he just re-hashed those two albums . Now with Grotesque , it just seems hes running out of ideas . Its obvious to me why Twiggy decided to leave and join A Perfect Circle . I suppose he wanted to be in a band that was actually going places.Im sure there will be a lot of people that will disagree with me , but just remember that this is only my opinion and thats what reviews are supposed to be .
 I do n't know what Manson was thinking ! He fires Twiggy , Hires Tim Skold , and you get this ? When you think of Manson you think of shocking lyrics , and music that makes you feel like youre in hell , but you like it . GOAG is not as harsh sounding as Manson claimed , saying
 In a recent interview , Manson stated he would vote for George Bush because , in his opinion , creativity in art thrives more under conservative oppression than anywhere else . Whether you think his logic is inspiring or foolishly short-sighted , there 's no denying that what the self proclaimed antichrist says and what he actually does are two very different things . Golden Age is not creative , artistic , or in any way bold or edgy . Do n't presume that I have a grudge against Manson , because I do n't . I thought Antichrist Superstar and Mechanical Animals were great and , unlike alot of the more hardcore fans , I really liked Holywood.The problem with Golden Age is that it lacks the intelligence and foreboding subtlety that so eloquently framed the band 's real ear-blistering moments in the past . Lyrically , this album is painful to listen to . The lyrics are limited to tired sex themes and angst about as convincing as their writer 's stage makeup . Furthermore , charismatic bassist Twiggy Ramirez , who probably had as much to do with the song writing as anyone in the band , has left the group to join A Perfect Circle , and this album suffers because of it . In fact , save your money by passing this up and get A perfect Circle 's Thirteenth Step instead . Better yet , pick up Faith No More 's masterpiece Angel Dust . Their song `` Be Aggressive '' appears on Golden Age . That 's right , I 'd be willing to bet my soul Manson took that song , recorded his voice over it , and called it `` mOBSCENE '' . Everything about the songs are identical , even the cheerleader chrous . `` Be agressive , be be aggressive '' and `` be obscene , be be obscene '' are sung in exactly the same fahsion , to exactly the same beat . Despicable .
 This album sounds like it was produced by a gothic punk band . . I have to say that while Manson himself might be great with concepts and lyrics , his musical abilities are non-existant . If you look in the CD cover , you will notice that Twiggy wrote nearly all the songs , and now that he is gone , the music is empty . If you are a fan of Mechanical Animals , you will feel the songs , they are full of emotion and depth - MA , Great big white world , speed of pain , fundamentally loathesome ... those songs all have something which this album doesnt - sure the CD is not unbearable and one can still listen to the songs , but it really is a waste of time ... if you want to buy your first Manson CD , get M.A.
 Buy any album by Skinny Puppy if you 're looking for a message delivered with power , sans the gimmicks .
 what a peice of crap , manson has wrote about two lines for each song on this cd and played them over and over again , for example , use your fist and not your mouth how many times does he use that line in that song , and seriously do think manson has ever punched a guy in his life , all he does is talk thats what hes all about . jesus thats why he makes c.d.s. and o yeah probly the worst song on that peice of crap , doll dagga buzz buzz , its a sounds like a teen party song . each time i listen to it i think maybe i should go have coffee with hilary duff at the mall then we can go shopping for new shoes.and dont get me started on doppelherz that peice of crap dvd that came with the cd . if you havent seen it well you dont wan na watch it . its about 40 min of your life youll never get back . it starts off with manson putting on make up then at the end he just smeers it all over his face , i mean gosh i was so scared , manson is really running out of ways to shock ppl . and god the stupidest thing about manson is all the crap he says in his interveiws about how he vents his rage and passion into his music or somthing stupid like that , i dont really listen to his interveiws anymore couse i dont beleive any of the cap.theres nothing unique about him at all . all his gimicks are things he stold from other bands , ex the silver teeth thing was done by david bowie and jesus when he uses that line before he sings the beutifull people when hes live , how does it feel to be one of the beutifull people was a line from a beatles song , i mean come on manson dont rip the beatles off.jesus hes a peice of crap i cant wait for the day he dies , that would be funny . hes the kind of guy i could seriously see begging for his life.its gottin far past the time for him to retire and get off the stage becouse hes ran out of ideas to shock people and his time is over.thank god
 Marilyn Manson is like a joke that 's not funny anymore . He 's pretty much just fighting for attention now , and desperate to prove he 's somehow as important as Trent Reznor or Alice Cooper . Too bad those guys actually have talent , and he 's just some weirdo in a dress that wo n't go away . Face it dude , you 're over . Go scare old ladies in the parking lot at Sears .
 Marilyn Manson is awesome . Not just awesome because he has really heavy , evil music like KoRn and Limp Bizkit , but awesome because he 's like a genius and a philosophiser . He sings about stuff in real life and not just happy-dappy garbage like N'Sync and Led Zeppelin and all the other boybands . I mean , his lyrics are truth . Hard , cold , decaying TRUTH . I 'm not really sure what most of them mean -LRB- except for Beautiful People , because beautiful people suck , so it 's pretty obvious -RRB- , but I 'm sure Manson does . Same with his paintings and stuff , and his reasons for firing all the talented people in his band -LRB- like Twiggy -LRB- OMG HAWT -RRB- , who joined the band a perfect circle who do n't even have any songs with really super heavy evil stuff -RRB- . It does n't matter , though , because Manson is an ARTIST and whatever he does is cool . The more drugs he takes and the more fans he humiliates backstage with lunch meat , the more he forces america to look at itself and how corrupt it is . Why ca n't people just see that ??? Anyway , back to the album , I have n't actually listened to all of it yet , but I 've heard some of the songs on MTV -LRB- which sucks , but I watch it anyway -RRB- , and they are totally awesome . They 're almost as heavy as the stuff on Holywood , but really neat sounding and catchy like on Mechanical Animals . Tim Skold left his old band ABCDE or whatever that nobody listens to to join manson and he makes the songs really cool sounding . I heard Manson sings a lot about kinky stuff on the new album and how everybody should hate him and how it 's stupid that people hate him , which is cool , because he 's an individual and no one is brave enough anymore to sing about really controversiable stuff . I love Manson 's cover of Faith No More 's `` Be Aggressive '' already , and I do n't think it even matters that Trent Reznor is n't producing Manson 's albums anymore , because Portrait and Antichrist were kindof too scary anyways and they did n't get played enough on the radio . Manson 's a solo evilo ... guy.NEways , buys Golden Age ! It rocks hard -LRB- probably -RRB- !
 I do n't know what these men were thinking when they produced this ... this thing ... I do n't think I 've ever listened to an album and wanted to vomit on myself . I 've loved Marilyn Manson for ever ... Portrait , Smells Like Children , Antichrist , Mechanical Animals ... all amazing ... Holy Wood was n't so hott , but it was way above this thing ... I do n't know what happened here ... Golden Age is just an absolute disaster ... Marilyn Manson used to say these brilliant things that resented other things people said about him and now it seems he is just trying to fit this ` o , i 'm evil , i 'm evil ' label people have thrown on him . Even lyrically , this album is nothing compared to what the others were . It seems he began to just randomly make up words ; such a thing a common rapper would do ... right thurr right thurr . Surely the low-point in their career and a very sad day for music . * tear *
 sup marilyn manson fans ! this album is the shiznit ... . obviously marilyn manson saw how tite troo deth metal like linkin park and my boys from creed got an decided to take after them . only marilyn manson will probably neva be as good az my boy fred durst . fred durst iz a genius . he keepz da beets flowin wit doze old skool beets . marilyn manson is just gothic , an will neva be as good as the bizzkit , but nice try , dogg.Peace out , Marilyn Manson fans ...
 this guy is definatly satan in the flesh . he is really creepy . what the heck is with the shaved off eyebrows and different colored contacts . i dont like death metal but this is death , hell , terror , satanic , evil metal . he scares the heegeebees out of me . bye
 Let me tell you something , how anyone can stand this sicko is beyond me . You know I may not be into religion very much but come on man that is just absolute crap this guy is doing . If he were promoting satanism I would n't care , but he goes out of his way to desecrate christianity , mormonism , or anyone else who believes in a god . People have the right to believe in what they want to believe in , as long as it does n't infringe upon the rights of others . There was someone else on this website who said , `` the most shocking thing Marilyn Manson can do now is accept god as his true savior , but he wo n't because he 's too prideful . '' Personally , Marilyn can go to Hell where he belongs . But if you 're like , ` but what about the music standpoint ' . Let me tell you something , just like his image , Manson 's songs are nothing but absolute filth . And the critics have the gaul to compare him with legends like Alice Cooper or Ozzy Osbourne . First off , Alice Cooper and Ozzy Osbourne are not really satanic , they just like to scare people at times . The crap has n't formed in my butt cavity and wo n't be out for another 5 hrs . has a way better chance than Manson does at becoming the next Alice Cooper . `` Manson is Ozzy , only better . '' Whoever said this should be shot on the spot ! Let me tell all you people , Ozzy Osbourne is a living legend , and icon , he is probably the greatest rockstar since Elvis , he formed Black Sabbath the greatest metal band in history , then he formed his solo career which eclipsed his Sabbath career , when his best friend and guitarist Randy Rhoads died , he made a live tribute album which had Rhoads playing his heart out . In that Tribute album he said , `` meeting Randy was like God entering my life . '' To compare a piece of absolute filth like Marilyn Manson to an icon like Ozzy Osbourne is beyond me , Manson hates god , he hates your kids , he hates Alice , he hates Ozzy , and I hate to tell you this , but he hates you too . How can you listen too such a hateful person ? Well after thinking all of this over I came up with a conclusion , Marilyn Manson fans are even more disturbed than he is .
 I ca n't even begin to say what a complete letdown this CD was for me . As a long-time Manson fan I really expected more , or at the very least to find ANYTHING that I like about this album . It 's terrible and virtually all the songs sound the same ... which in this case is not a good thing . I 'm also convinced that Jeordie made a good move and got out while he could . What 's up J5 . Just a mess , and not listenable . Antichrist Superstar was brilliant . Mechanical animals was beautiful . Holywood was his darkest by far -LRB- my opinion -RRB- and argueably some of the bands best work . This , however , is -LSB- not good -RSB- . I have n't even looked at the DVD yet , and do n't intend to . I would n't reccomend this album to anyone .
 I was ready to give this album 2 stars because there are about 3 songs on this that I liked.The Music in almost all of them are awesome until Manson opens his mouth.But It was when I watched his 26min . DVD that came with it is when I decided ... this CD/DVD Package does not in any way deserve any stars.The DVD is nothing but manson repeating lines over and over.Anyone who likes the DVD seriously needs to grow up and get there head checked.But I will say if I ever find an Instrumental of this album ill buy it.But other than that I have Vowed to NEVER buy another Manson CD again .
 This CD is a step down from the Mechanical Animals CD . If you are a Marilyn Manson fan , then stop and read this . This CD is nothing like AntiChrist Superstar or Holywood . With Twiggy gone , so has the hard sound that made Manson famous . All songs have a good hard beat somewhere in the song , but then change to a techno sounding beat and an annoying sounding chorus . Not very hard sounding . Manson has changed his sound so much that it is hard to even realize that this is from the individual who once produced Antichrist Superstar .
 Words can not describe how dreadful this album is . `` Porait of an american family '' was his only good record.Every song is awful , And the bonus DVD it came with was pointless garbage.Manson just seems to be trying to shock people.Every single thing he does is a rip off of another artist.This record is NOT worth buying , avoid at all costs .
 Marilyn Manson = s *** ty nu-metal , NOT goth metal or shock rock ! Manson is nothing but a poseur , and if he does things the least bit offensive -LRB- i.e. cover a fan in meat -RRB- it 's considered shocking and scary . I bet if you guys went to a Mayhem concert , you 'd s *** your pants , as Mayhem do live animal sacrfices on stage and make Manson look like Mr. Rogers ! Also , want satanic ? Listen to Dimmu Borgir , Shagrath -LRB- DB vocalist -RRB- makes Manson look like a school quoir boy .
 I Know what your saying your probably thinking it was n't that bad.Think again this was the worst manson album ever made!I mean it is so bad i would give `` Holy Wood '' A 5 Star rating!i 'm sorry but I just depise this album.I may be a Kid but I can give you good advice ! DO N'T BUY THIS ALBUM ! A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!
 After sifting through fan site after fan site in vain I 'm so happy to find some sanity here . Please , fans , admit it ! I love Manson , too
 I can only give it one star , and that 's only because of the song `` Spade '' . I really ca n't sit through this album . Lyrically , it 's not Manson 's best , and musically , it 's not that good either . The album conversly though , is a waste of guitar riffs , lack of live drumming , lack of multi-dimensional instrument playing , all in a poppy commerically accessible formula that is at first appealing , but fades away because in the end the Golden Age of Grotesque marks Marilyn Manson 's musical atrophy . Tim Skold is highly responsible for this , but Marilyn Manson hiring him is a testimony to his lack of an ear for exceptional music . Also , most of the inspiration for this album is from Manson 's Yoko Ono - Dita Von Teese . Exceptions are scattered minutely throughout the album -- but this is by far Manson 's worst album . It does n't have the musical integrity to elevate him anywhere , but just to demote him to a dishearteningly low level . The Golden Age of Grotesque is Marilyn Manson reminiscent of Linkin Park , because the formula in their music is now identical . The only good song in this album is Spade . The problem with Marilyn Manson now is that he is trying to hard to be Mr. Pop Star ... literally . What happened to the Marilyn Manson we all use to love ... the one who was brave enough to be different from other bands ? Who was outspoken ? Has Dita Von Teese completely brainwashed Manson into becoming `` Mr Cabaret Burlesque man '' and told him this album was great ? Because this album is far from great . Buy instead `` AntiChrist Superstar '' , `` Holywood '' , or `` Mechanical Animals '' . Those albums are brilliant . As for Manson , start doing music the way you want to . Not the way your girlfriend Dita wants you to . We already have a Yoko Ono.This album also comes with a DVD of a movie Manson made called `` Doppleherz '' . I really do n't know what to say about the DVD . It 's just plain weird . Manson repeats the same line over and over again and before you know it , your falling asleep watching the thing . I would have perferred to see some behind the scenes kinda documentary , then some bad B-movie of Manson 's . Manson appears , with his band , the two Siamese twin girls , Aria Giovanni the porn star and of course Dita Von Teese - another porn star . The DVD 's not any better then the actual music.People keep saying `` This album will grow on you ... '' Why should an album from such a musician as Marilyn Manson grow on you ? It should grab you from the first time you listen to the album , and leave you wanting for more . To me it seems that Manson is running out of ideas . I mean , Manson actually steals riffs from other bands like Tool -LRB- Slutgarden -RRB- , Faith No More -LRB- Mobscene -RRB- and Filter -LRB- This is the new S ***** -RRB- ! The album is redundant in many ways and the lyrics are very childish . I use to be able to sit and listen to Manson 's album and actually THINK of what he was saying . With this album , I just laughed really hard . I just hope that Manson 's next album is better then this one .
 Manson Is Dead!He even admits it himself in his DVD `` film '' , comparing himself to a dead flower ... not enough to make a bouquet . Stale narcissism abounds in this MM release . MM 's self-involvement and drug references have finally gotten old.While showing signs of cleverness ... nothing new happens here ... despite what other reviewers might say.Anti-Christ Superstar still reigns supreme as flesh and bone ... this is oatmeal jello.Brian Warner has been living as famous MM for too long ... his hunger , beauty , and creativity is now mired deeply in the swamp of his ego.BW should try something out of the scope of MM 'cause it is no longer believable and the message is a decade old.Anyhow this formerly staunch and fanatical MM fan has been there and done this once too often.Brian ... time for MM to get some sun and chill.You are no longer evolving as an artist , entertainer , or human . You have been painting with the same brush too long . Chase the beauty of the world ... stop dwelling on the suffering ... 'cause this self-imposed misery is B.S.Show us something new with true original artistic quality ... I used to think you were up to the task ... now I doubt it .
 Whatever happened to the brilliance of his top 3 albums -LRB- Antichrist Superstar , Mechanical Animals and Holy Wood In The Shadow Of Death ? This album is to me just an uninspired version of Nine Inch Nails ' Pretty Hate Machine -LRB- which rocked by the way -RRB- . No matter how much you liked Manson 's trilogy I strongly suggest you avoid this album no matter how much you like Marilyn Manson.What happened to the master works that were Tourniquet , Man That You Fear , Lamn Of God , Burning Flag , Coma White , The Last Day On Earth , etc ? None of the songs on Golden Age come close to being as good as the songs in his trilogy.If you want a hard rocking , finely produced album I suggest you stick with Marilyn Manson 's Antichrist and Holy wood as well as Nine Inch Nail 's masterpiece The Downward Spiral.And if youre looking for an easily accesible poppier sounding album just stick with Manson 's Mechanical Animals and Nine Inch Nails ' Pretty Hate Machine .
 It seems that Marilyn Manson has been running out of ideas since Anti-christ Superstar and though , his albums have gotten worse , they have n't been bad until now . Mechanical Animals was a nice direction to head off from ACS -LRB- even though it was the most blatant David Bowie rip off ever -RRB- and I was hoping he would continue trying new things . Then Holywood came out and it was basically ACS with more elaborate production . It was n't a big enough leap from ACS to sound fresh which is why it 's not one of my favorites . Still , I listen to it enough to know every song well and though it collects dust some months , it always manages to make it back in my cd rotation.Now , we have TGAOG and things are n't looking good for Marilyn Manson . I should say that I have been looking forward to this album as it is his first album that IS N'T part of his last trilogy since 1994 . He has been hyping it and even has a song on it called , The New S * % t. With all this hype , I thought this might be his next great album ... boy was I wrong.Don ' t let other reviews fool you , Manson is n't moving in any positive direction . In fact , he 's not moving in any direction at all . Aside from the mini instrumentals that begin and end this CD and the title track , every song on here has the same production . Basiaclly , they get an electronic `` groove '' going , and then put loud guitar over it . There are n't even any soft sad songs that were on his last 3 albums . Nope , this is just loud industrial the whole way through . Do n't let the whole cabarat theme fool you , the title track and the 2 mini instrumentals are the only things that sound cabarat on the album.Now , I 've found that there are two types of Marilyn Manson fans . The kind that like the band for their originality -LRB- in terms of production and sound -RRB- , and the kind that just like loud angry teen music . Now if you like bands like Korn , Staind and Slipknot , you 'll probably love this album . If you 're somebody who likes artists who evolve and try new things -LRB- like nin , radiohead and david bowie -RRB- , you 'll probably be bored with it . In fact , Korn and Slipknot could probably put their lyrics over this music and it could pass for one of their albums.I think fans are also falling for his hype when he talks about how their song writing is getting better . There is n't anything more complicated or `` better '' about their songwriting . The biggest leap in the song writing on this album is that the title track is in 3/4 -LRB- i think this is their first song that 's not in 4/4 -RRB- . Aside from that , there are n't any key , time signature or tempo changes in this album . The chord structure is pretty basic and I 'm wondering if he just takes a new drug on every album so it sounds like the album is different to him .
 I am writing today to save a few souls of their money and time . This album really , really bites . Throughout the album , you can tell that Manson 's presence in the band and in the limelight has diminished severely . Tim Skold has begun to take over , and Manson has recycled the lyrics he has used in the past . I actually like Skold , so I expected the merger between the two to be glorious . Instead , this album lacks any music whatsoever , with a poor and insufficient attempt at covering this fact up with techno and industrial influences . The only good thing about this album is that Manson has moved in a new direction . Unfortunately , he is now on the waning path of his career 's demise . After the unusually poor sales of Holy Wood , it seems that he is desperately trying to save his career with this album , but failed miserably . This is a sad tale , because believe it or not , I am a Manson fan . I really wanted to like this album , but it is undeniably bad . Also , the bonus DVD , Doppelherz , is -LSB- awful -RSB- . I expected much better from someone as demented and eccentric as Manson , but is an attempt to make a surrealist film that is poor at best , coming off as a cliched attempt to be `` creepy '' . Overall , I am very disappointed with Manson 's new attempt at music .
 THERE 'S NOTHING LEFT TO SAY ANYMORE . A major disappointment . I have always looked up to Manson as someone with more originality and creative integrity than all those mainstream hard rock bands that now dominate the radio . I was along for the ride full throttle until hearing the new album stopped me in my tracks . I did n't expect the formulaic , generic , boring songs that make up most of the album . I 've tried several times to just go with the flow and enjoy the songs in all their catchiness , but it 's not working . With the exception of GAOG and Spade , everything else sounds like everything else I 've heard and hated on the radio . I can accept the different writing style because it 's fun , but singing about rock and roll hits and producing mediocre music to go along with it ? Perhaps it was his intention to mimic the TRL times we are in , but in doing so I think he did a huge disservice to himself and his fans . The music does n't have to be dark or similar to previous albums , but I at least expected something musically ... good . The heartbreaking thing is knowing that he 's better than this , and not understanding how these bland songs please him . An honest reaction from an honest fan .
 Worse than Holy Wood , this is the lamest Manson effort yet . The generic sound of each track with it 's Verse-Chorus -LRB- bring in the distorted guitars and crash cymbal -RRB- - Verse formula is exceptionally annoying . And the lyrics are , for the most part rediculous . Most choruses seem forced
 Absolutely the worst album of Marilyn Manson . I am a big fan of his music but I must say that . Buy this CD only if you need it desperately for your MM collection . It contains only a few not bad songs like -LRB- s -RRB- aint , mOBSCENE , Para-Noir and Vodevil and even those songs do not make this album worth of bying or even listening second time . It is a huge disappointment . Never expected such a weak album from such a great performer .
 I STILL love all three of the last Manson albums , and was really hoping this would be a culmination effort , what with new member Tim Skold -LRB- supposedly -RRB- reinvigorating the recording and creation process . Instead , this is plain BORING ! Listen to the music underneath and imagine it without vocals . In almost every song I could hear this being another in a long line of industrial nu-metal bands that all sound the same . Sadly , we now add the name Marilyn Manson to that group . I guess the loss of Twiggy Ramirez is more pronounced than anybody would have thought . Outside of `` Mobscene '' and `` Ka-Boom '' rocking like the Manson of yore , there 's nothing here I have n't heard too many times before . Mary 's unique lyrical and vocal approach is not enough on this effort !
 i was very disappointed with this cd , mobscene is a good tune but the other songs are just lame . manson needs to work more on the music and less on make-up and costumes.the bonus dvd is no bonus to watch , very boring and repetitive i was hoping for something alot better . all of manson 's music before this cd is great , i own all of them , buy those to hear the best of manson .
 It seems to me that Manson is running out of ideas . On this latest release , there is nothing remotely surprising . The music is somewhat boring and he even borrows riffs from some other bands -LRB- i.e. - Filter , Faith No More and others -RRB- . It becomes rather redundant in many places . The lyrics are very childish . Once again , the goal of the day is to shock . But is anything he does anymore really shocking ? It has become old hat and rather predictable . I think that the only way he could really shock us anymore is if he became a born again Christian . However , I doubt that will ever happen . He seems too full of himself to humbly bow before his Creator.Im sure his loyal listeners will like this CD , but I doubt hell win any new converts with it . I thought that Anti-Christ Superstar and Mechanical Animals were musical masterpieces . Even if the lyrics were sometimes lame . With HolyWood , he just re-hashed those two albums . Now with Grotesque , it just seems hes running out of ideas . Its obvious to me why Twiggy decided to leave and join A Perfect Circle . I suppose he wanted to be in a band that was actually going places.Im sure there will be a lot of people that will disagree with me , but just remember that this is only my opinion and thats what reviews are supposed to be .
 I read so many reviews saying this album rocks ... but in my opinion it lost so much . It does n't have that punk rock sound that I loved . Holywood is hell of alot better than this pooh .
 As i said . For adolescence only . Too bad i had to give it one star .
 Saddest attempt of a metal album I 've ever heard . I thought Linkin Park MTM sucked but this was just bad . The only highlight of this album is tracks 2 and 3 and thats not saying much . Do n't waste your time buying this pointless **** . Instead listen to real metal like Iron Maiden , Slayer , Deicide , Darkthrone , and Witchfinder General .
 I bought this album being a big Marilyn Manson fan , and I fell asleep listening to it . What a dissapointment ! I think I can blame Dita Von Teese for Marilyn Manson 's downfall . She inspired him to become obsessed with the 1930s and the fans have to suffer for this . Explains why Twiggy Ramirez left the band and joined a Perfect Circle . Ca n't blame him . If I had to produce an album like the The Golden Age of Grotesque , I would leave too . I think girlfriends should stay out of their boyfriends careers . That said , the lyrics and music is god aweful on this album . I 'm really embaressed to say I 'm a fan of Marilyn Manson ! The style Marilyn Manson chose is stupid , and it furthur proves that he really is a poseur . I recommend people buy instead October Rust by Type O Negative , Lateralus and Aenima by Tool , Gallery of Suicide by Cannibal Corpse , Antichrist Superstar and Holy Wood -LRB- In The Shadow Of The Valley Of Death -RRB- by Marilyn Manson , and Damnation & A Day by Cradle Of Filth . Amazon has all these , so buy it here ! But do n't waste your good money on The Golden Age of Grotesque , because it 's not worth it !
 This guy is just an updated version of KISS -LRB- meets Nuremburg -RRB- -- only less musically talented -- if that 's possible . At least Gene Simmons does n't take himself so seriously .
 Marilyn Manson is back with a title very appropriate to his fiberous being `` The Golden Age of Grotesque '' . Manson to me is just a gimmick . However recently watching his first single `` mOBSCENE '' video , I was very impressed with the song and the video.First the song - It actually has a chorus , bridge , rhythm and lyrics you could understand , and was quite catchy.Video - Was wonderfully filmed showing Manson in more of a Grotesque yet Upscale nature which he looks best in . I do n't know if I liked the song more because the video was so visually wonderful to watch , or if I liked the song for what it was . Whatever the song was good.For the rest of the album it is just screaming noise banter with no second single future . `` mOBSCENE '' which never made its way on Billboards Hot 100 Singles Chart like `` Dope Show '' shows Mansons gimmick look and style is a little dated and over.Mansons sales slipped fast , and the album is going nowhere showing this artist is over with its fans that are left.Manson needs to change his image and maybe update his musical style . He is stuck in the mid 90s .
 Save your money , or do yourself a favour ... buy some good old Alice Cooper stuff instead of this ... for diversity and CLASS , check `` Billion Dollar Babies '' ... or if you like it HEAVY go for `` Brutal Planet '' .
 Manson 's new album GAOG lacks a lot of things , originality , emotion , things that used to be part of their music . Personally Holywood -LRB- In The Shadow Of The Valley Of Death -RRB- was a much better album , even though fans and critics alike considered it a disappointment . Manson 's musical roots are no longer present , due to the departure of longtime bassist and songwriter Twiggy Ramirez . In my opinion the band will not last much longer .
 I have been a Manson fan since 1996 , the release of Antichrist Superstar . I have studied Manson 's works and have a profound love for his art . From his social political Potrait of an American family to the audio novella Holywood , Manson has never ceased to amaze me with his witty and poetic lyrics . The music has continuesly evolved from a sort of gritty industrial punk to a tidal wave of sound . The Golden Age of Grotesque is however a disappointment . I continue to listen open minded because when he took a sharp turn with Mechanical Animals , I admit at first I hated it . However Mechanical Animals is an album that grows on you like cancer . Infecting you to the deepest parts of your soul . All of his works have this infectionous quality . The Golden Age is Grotesque . I enjoy listening to it , but if I want any substance I turn to his previous masterpieces . This album is nothing more than -LRB- ... -RRB- rock , an eighties flashback of big hair , sex , and drugs . The only track I truly enjoy is The New Sh*t , and that is nothing like the rest of the album . Maybe I am missing the art but I 'm convinced the recording of Count to Six and Die was cut short , -LRB- ... -RRB- . So what 's the verdict , if you want to rock out with your -LRB- ... -RRB- out , crank it up , but if you want to appreciate a project with endless depth , try Antichrist Superstar or Holywood or Mechanical Animals .
 This is n't great . It 's not horrible either . It 's just boring . It 's obvious that Manson has not been inspired after `` Antichrist Superstar '' , and with `` The Golden Age Of Grotesque '' it 's clear that he has run out of ideas . `` This Is The New Shxt '' sounds like something a 12 year old Slipknot fan would write in his diary . And the lyrics in `` s -LRB- AINT -RRB- '' sounds like he 's been hanging out too much with his buddy Eminem ... `` What 's my name ? What 's my name ? '' . The worst part is that he is n't even shocking anymore.Marilyn Manson
 When I heard Manson 's previous album , Holy Wood , I started to get the feeling that the `` Marilyn Manson '' formula had set in , and it was nothing more than a rehash of the brilliance he showed on Anitchrist Superstar.I hoped I was wrong , however The Golden Age of Grotesque only confirmed what I was thinking . It seems as if the energy and originality Manson once exuded has reached its peak . Now he 's at the plateau , and I fear there is no redemption to come from him . I do like the pictures in the liner notes , even though there also nothing entirely new from them -LRB- however , I 'll give them a star -RRB- . For me , the sad truth is Marilyn has hopelessly fallen into the `` Evil Rock Guy '' shtick . He wants people to fear him for his devilish persona , but all I 'm afraid of is his predictability .
 Well , I must say I 'm a big fan of the `` Antichrist Superstar '' , `` Portrait of an American Family '' and `` Mechanical Animals '' - era albums . I got a chance to listen to `` The Golden Age of the Grotesque '' on an hour car ride to a friends , and I found the album to be below my expectations . Almost all of the songs sound the same , and tunes like `` Ka-boom Ka-boom '' and `` Doll-Dagga . . '' seem almost silly . I felt like Manson ran out of words and just decided to throw in nonsense . If you were map out the entire beat structure of the album , each song would have the same beat and rhythm . I was frankly bored with this album . Now , `` mOBSCENE '' and '' -LRB- s -RRB- AINT '' are good tracks , definite rockers , and probably the only two songs I liked off this album . Maybe its the fact that Manson has made his money and no longer cares about the quality of his/their music * cough * METALLICA * cough * ST.ANGER * cough * . I 'm definitely a fan of the older Marilyn Manson material . . I was hoping this album would be as good as the hype . . but I was let down .
 I have heard this album twice since I bought it and this is honestly what I think . I am no hardcore Manson fan , but I 've bought every album his ever made since Anti-Christ Superstar . I really liked Antichrist Superstar , as well as The Dope Show , and his 2001 release of Holywood . I think many hardcore fans should like this new release , because Manson keeps his gothic , rock , heavy-metal , industrial style almost as you 'd expect ... However , almost every single part of every track does n't progress , nor is it as melodic , deep , and creative as his last three -- trilogy -- sting of very good , -- if not great -- albums.This album is mostly SCREAMING , it capatalizes on one aspect of Marilyn Manson 's singing , but it leaves listeners with much less of what made the other albums so different and enjoyable . I do n't want to bash this album , but their are only 13 tracks with vocals on it . The first and last track is like a short tune -- intro and outro . I was expecting something more catchy . All his albums are heavy , but this album is just too HARSH and HEAVY . Some tracks are actually pretty cool , like track 2 is pretty cool . However , I was hopeing for something less formulatic -- there is no innovation here , such as the originality , dark atmospheric sounds , melodies , and feeling found in Antichrist Superstar and The Dope Show.Almost everything here is shouting , harsh guitar-industrial electronica , lacking the interesting rhythm that makes industrial-electronica music work as well as it did in the past . Some tracks are obviously better than others , but the whole album just does n't have a truly fresh feel to it . Overall , a disappointment compared to his last three MUCH BETTER albums . Hardcore fans will still probably give this 4 or 5 stars , but who does n't compare an artists new album with the old ones ??? This album has several decent tracks , but its not close to the others .
 OK , I 've loved Marilyn Manson forever ... Portrait , Smells Like Children , Antichrist , Mechanical Animals , Holy Wood ... love them all , but this ... this thing ... I do n't know how one would even go about calling it ` music . ' I do n't know what happened here at all ... They used to be absolute briliance and Manson would say something that would defy what people said about him , but now it seems like he 's trying to fit this ` I 'm evil , I 'm evil ' label people have thrown on him and teh band has just turned to crap ... this album is a very sad day for the music world ...
 Remember when Marilyn Manson used to think he could sing ? And even though he could n't , at least he tried ? And he actually did stuff that was unpredictable ? This is what everyone thinks he sounds like ... and he delivers . Manson used to change his style on every album to throw people off ... he went from a comedy act to an angry god of rock to a more refined sonwriter all in three albums . None of them were exactly the best , but they all had their good points and at least they were unpredictable . Holy Wood was probably his best effort ever ; the songs were just better , although they were rather brainwashing.So now we get this ? A bunch of beeps and crunches with an occasional gravely mantra ? This sounds more like a parody of industrial than an actual Marilyn Manson CD ! Most likely , the musical decline is due to bassist and lead songwriter Twiggy Ramirez leaving the group . He always had a way of coming up with fun , rocking riffs that made the songs really work and come to life . Without him , everything suffers.Don ' t waste your time with this . Get something else .
 Marilyn Manson should get into film making.His themes and imagery are mind blowing especially on this latest album.For that reason it gets a star.It is his best art work yet!However his music has reached a dead end.This album is his last two albums revisited.It is less melodic but the dynamics are the same as is the vocal delivery.Lyrically there are some clever ideas but it borders on contrivance.Although Bowie has covered the Berlin period and the flirtations with Nazism MM takes it to another level but still , special effects and creative production can not disguise sub standard songwriting.Music should essentially be about good songs.Theatrics are secondary.Give me Torniquet , Coma white or The Nobodies any day .
 What happened ???? What happened to Marilyn Manson ??? We saw the birth of a great recording artist with Portrait and Antichrist and let 's not forget smells like children ... Then what ... is mechanical animals ? Too much effort in trying to shock people mixed with an od of david bowie . . then Holy Wood which was better but still just ok ... Now This One . . ugh ... a bunch of heavy rock/glam songs with lyrics that are just terrible . . Manson took the industrial genre annd started off nice . . then he just stepped all over it and destroyed it . . Even with a great bassist like Tim Skold he still ca n't come out with a half decent album . . Skold , go back to KMFDM and Ohgr ... Manson , Get rid of John5 or 7 or whatever get a good guitarist that does n'tlsten to David Bowie -LRB- as great as he is . -RRB- and you can ditch some of those rap cd 's Tainted love was good but now you are getting silly ... BOTTOM LINE : The Golden age of Grotesque is a show of what Manson has deteriorated to . . It ; s ot worth buying if you liked Antichrist . . Do n't be hopeful that this one might be different , it 's not ... save your money . . Buy KMFDM , Foetus , Ohgr , NIN , Skinny Puppy , real industrial goth rock ...
 I even heard about somebody naming their hamster after Marilyn Manson . But the trouble is they believe it 's sqeaking wheel sounds better than this pile of trash ! Marilyn Manson takes to putting on as much make-up as wacko Jacko , but children like his image though , and I guess kids are his mainstream audience now .
 i regret it so bad that 2 years i spent 15 dollars for this piece of crap . i hate this sound , i hate the concept , i hate the songs , but not all of them.saint , bright young things are pretty good but the rest is bad.i seriously know a lot about manson and i have all of the albums and this along with the last tour on earth is the worst . i very much prefer the old school sound of portrait of an american family and smells like children.also mechanical animals and antichrist superstar are very good too.but ever since , mm has been on a downward spiral.sad , but true .
 How could you be so sure of some of the other reviewer 's assertions , that the impeccable works of the infamous Marilyn Manson 's music has any subtltey to it ? Alas , I 'd beg to differ . It 's incredulous , and inconceivable to have the presumptuous notion that this music is so great . -LRB- I 'm nonchalant , when it comes to Marilyn Manson 's views on the world with which he lives - he 's had some good/bad things to say - he 's entitled to his opinion , nonetheless - however , there are some things I deplore in him . But , his music 's another story . -RRB- I dare say , it 's all a bunch of idiosyncratic , angst-ridden lyrics and cacaphony that 's molded into a rather grotesque display of diabolic/anti-Christian sentiments . I abhor this band 's music a great deal . How could anyone come to an accord by listening to the acrimonious music of Marilyn Manson - the `` narcissist/masochist '' that he is - belonging to the `` great and abominable church '' of the Devil ? Does he really deserve the critical acclaim , that everyone -LRB- a select few -RRB- seems to be raving about ? I do n't think so . I 'm real curious as to whether he exhorts the fundamentals to his loyal fans , about being a virtuous , loving , caring , God fearing , human being . He 's the -LRB- anti-Christ , alright -RRB- antithesis of what an exemplary person should be like . I 'm sorry to say this , but , I think Marilyn Manson 's negative influence on society , is the reason why so many of our young people fall through the cracks . Whereby , they 're indulging into the uses of harmful drugs to `` get high '' that 's ruinous to their overall well-being . In addition , to affiliating themselves with a `` street gang '' and/or a `` Satanic cult , '' to ultimately commiting suicide , because of depression and/or other problems associated with this `` Devil worshiper '' music . This kind of music has a far-reaching effect on our young people . I would implore anyone with a good enough sense to avoid this worthless propaganda . It 's pure , unadulterated tripe , that 's all I have to say . I wonder what Marilyn Manson , looks like behind that dapper facade of clothing and makeup he wears on and off stage ? -LRB- We all know what Alice Cooper , looks like when he 's competing in a celebrity golf tournament . LOL ! -RRB- We 've all been wondering that for years .
 It seems to me that Manson is running out of ideas . On this latest release , there is nothing remotely surprising . The music is somewhat boring and he even borrows riffs from some other bands -LRB- i.e. - Filter , Faith No More and others -RRB- . It becomes rather redundant in many places . The lyrics are very childish . Once again , the goal of the day is to shock . But is anything he does anymore really shocking ? It has become old hat and rather predictable . I think that the only way he could really shock us anymore is if he became a born again Christian . However , I doubt that will ever happen . He seems too full of himself to humbly bow before his Creator.Im sure his loyal listeners will like this CD , but I doubt hell win any new converts with it . I thought that Anti-Christ Superstar and Mechanical Animals were musical masterpieces . Even if the lyrics were sometimes lame . With HolyWood , he just re-hashed those two albums . Now with Grotesque , it just seems hes running out of ideas . Its obvious to me why Twiggy decided to leave and join A Perfect Circle . I suppose he wanted to be in a band that was actually going places.Im sure there will be a lot of people that will disagree with me , but just remember that this is only my opinion and thats what reviews are supposed to be .
 I 've been a fan of MM for awhile now and his last cd Holywood was awesome . A 9 out of 10 . It was so layered and deep I spent hours examining the poetry within the lyrics and their commentary on society and religious structure and forced idealism . I was so looking forward to Golden Age that I bought it right away and I was shocked at how bad the cd was . I mean truely , truely horrible . When the chorus of your first single is a complete rip-off the Faith No More song `` Be Aggressive '' you know Manson has lost it . In fact most of the songs on Golden Age are basically rehashed versions of prior Manson songs only the originals are much better . Anyone who says this album is good is still under Manson 's hypnotic eye and is probably the last in their circle of friends who still wears black clothes and thinks they are being different and would n't notice a bad cd from black lipstick . This cd is one that I have completely forgotten that I own only a few months after its release and I can say that I can not listen to it past the first 5 songs , it 's that bad and boring . This is not art or even expressive , but something that has been painfully reduced to a formula that up until now Manson has been able to make unique and interesting . Golden Age is paint by numbers Manson with no heart , plain and simple . I would actually recommend buying another copy of Holywood even if you already have it . It would make more sense to buy something twice that you know is of actually quality than buying something this bad . The bonus DVD that comes with the limited edition has some home movie he made that he thinks is some kind of art film but is barely watchable either . It does contain some funny lines narrated by Manson , otherwise it makes no sense to even include in this package and is a total waste of a digital disc that could have included all his music videos instead . Now that would have scored a 5 out of 5 stars with 5 going to the extra dvd and none going to the cd .
 Now I 've been listening to Marilyn Manson since i first heard the song ` Get YouR Gunn ' wayyyyyyyy back in late ' 94 , and I got ta tell ya ... HIS SHTICK IS GETTING OLD FAST !!! I 'm sure that if it was n't for ` Mechanical Animals ' that we would have all been sick of this by now . Their 's alot to be said about trying out new things , and I know it did n't exactly far well overall , but as the old saying goes , ` if at first you do n't succeed , try again . ' Please Marilyn , try something different , for god 's sake , even Metallica experiments .
 I never write a review , I read them . What I think is interesting is that many reviews for TGAOG mention only that `` it 's got a good beat and you can dance to it . '' -LRB- That 's sarcasm -RRB- Casual discussions with all my Manson faithful friends end with the same result , the CD is a sellout . I like Manson most for the thought provoking lyrics , then the music . I 'm not a metal head , rivet head , head banger , etc. . . The guy is very very intelligent and it showed in what he had to say through his music . The lyrics in this CD are cotton candy . `` Were five metal fingers on a m * f * 'n hand . '' Please ! I 'm embarrassed to play this loud enough for other people to hear it outside my car . I hit the skip button more than not . I love all my Manson CD 's , except this one.As far as originality goes , this CD is totally lacking . This is a far , far cry from a jazz/swing reinterpretation that some people are discussing , if you listened to any of the real stuff , you 'd never say that . A lot is borrowed through the whole thing , but the most blatant offenses are
 okay , I had been waiting for a while for Manson to release a new album . The anticipation was killing me . But needless to say , as soon as I listened to the c.d. once , I was devastated . For me , Manson has been an inspiration . Everything he puts in his songs have meaning , emotion , and an addictive vibe that makes you want to keep listening . He has done a lot to change his appearance over the years , but he has still found ways to top himself . This album is everything that classic Manson is NOT . Most of the songs just sound like he 's out of ideas and just making up stuff . For example
 Up untill the release of this album I was an avid manson fan , even repecting all early spooky kids work and all songs off smells like children etc. . But when i read reviews saying ` It will grow on you ' etc i am sadened . Why should an album from such an artist grow on you ? It should grip you from the first song and leave you begging for more when the cd stops . Manson has gone from such a down and dirty lyrical genius into a mockery icon who appears on top of the pops . With lyrics such as ' i like a big car , cus i 'm a big star ' and the women singing be obscene like he wants children to be nasty to each other . -LSB- He -RSB- has lost his controvesial edge and has become yet another dying age of music .
 Marilyn Manson 's worst CD yet . I really do n't like the whole industrial rock scene . Tim Skold has little to nothing talent . Too bad Twiggy left , he may have made this CD worth listening to . Although , Use Your Fist and Not Your Mouth sounded pretty good in concert . This CD needed a better bass player , Some good solo 's , and Marilyn 's old touch .
 Okay , i 'm ready . Got my ear plugs , boom box , and i 'm sitting in bed . This should be great . I 'll just stick these plugs in my ears and play `` The Golden Age Of Grotesque '' . I enjoy doing this because MArilyn is such a positive singer . GREAT MUSIC TO SLEEP TO !!! -LRB- dont forget the ear plugs -RRB- If you like Aaron Carter and Nelly , you 're sure to love this new and improved cd by Marilyn.Remember , if you 're looking for good music to sleep to get this album . It will make you feal better when u 've got this blaring in your ears while you arent awake.My favortie Manson Cd So far . Keep up the good music buddy . !! i love this guy i saw him on Conan , hes hillarious . The blend of the soft screaming and yelling is great in his work . Thanks Marilyn !!!
 I 've followed Manson 's career with varying enthusiasm since Smells Like Children and have enjoyed his many metamorphoses but GAOG is a flaccid postscript to an otherwise satisfying cannon.Anyone who has listened to Manson for any amount of time knows he has founded his music on change and growth and I have been thrilled to grow with him . Antichrist Superstar came out when I was at the height of my high school angst ; which cooled down with Mechanical Animals , leveling off by the release of Holy Wood and the beginning of my college career . I 've always appreciated Manson 's hard lyrics ; his refusal to sugarcoat society 's ills without slipping into ignorant verbage or becoming too preachy . GAOG has dampened my perception of progress in Manson 's work and I think many fans would agree that this is frustratingly sub par.At best GAOG combines the violence and anger of Antichrist with the ` synth-heavy ' aspects of his latest albums . The violence and anger , however , seem to have no direction or purpose and while the various synthetic sounds were blended perfectly with the psychedelic moods of Mechanical Animals and Holy Wood , they are grotesquely out of place on this album . Many of the songs are redundant -LRB- most covering Manson 's dissatisfaction with being an idol - again -RRB- and all the pseudo-intellectual wordplay -LRB- songs like `` mOBSCENE '' and '' -LRB- s -RRB- AINT '' -RRB- is pathetic and insults more than it enlightens . Manson appears to be severely handicapped both musically and philosophically by the departure of longtime friend and collaborator Twiggy Ramirez . In Ramirez 's absence Manson has backslid into mediocre areas of paths he 's already well-trod , reaching for bits of rap and pop to hold him up.It 's as if Manson is trying to be Manson and the result barely stands as entertainment . The ` bonus ' DVD caps off the album as further example of Manson as a star who has hit a creative block but still pushed out something for people to spend money on . I could n't even finish the movie , not because it disturbed me but because the endless repetition of visuals and vocals was pathetic filler for an album full of filler . I was almost embarrassed to be watching such drivel.Hopefully GAOG is merely a stumble on the way to better albums in the future . I do n't doubt that Manson is here to stay but where his fan base will be is debatable . Those looking for Manson at its best should check out any of their previous albums . Those who want the ` new ' Manson can pick up their copies of GAOG with some Britney Spears and Eminem . Not that that 's bad , it 's just not my cup of tea .
 I have mixed emotions about Marilyn Manson 's latest album . He has seemingly gone a completely different direction with his music . I honestly do n't know what to think about this one . All I can say is that you may have to base your judgement on how big of a fan you are to him and how open minded you are about music .
 There is only one song that makes this album worth purchasing . So sad . hat song is `` Crazy '' by Desire . Reintroduced and heard on the radio during the spring of 1998 -LRB- I know it was in California anyways -RRB- Crazy over You is a catchy tune , youll actually find that track 13 is the only one worth listening to . But this is the only album that seems to have that tune , so I am glad either way that I bought it .
 Electronic music is not bagpipes , the quality is really tragic . Compared to actual pipers , this sounds like torture . Sorry.other reviews of this guys similar stuff say : `` I repeat , do NOT buy this CD ! The recording is not an actual person playing a bagpipe . It is an electronic recreation , probably played in a computer . Amazon 's rating system forced me to give it at least one star -- If I could 've I would 've given it negative 5 ! I have been piping for over 20 years , and I 've never heard such crap ! I have no financial stake in having you not buy this cd , I just want you to have an authentic bagpipe . I 've contacted Amazon to tell them it 's a bogus product , and to have it removed from their inventory , but they do not respond . Buy something by Alasdair Gillies , Willie McCallum , Roddy MacLeod , Jack Lee , Bill Livingstone , Michael Grey , Bruce Gandy , or John Cairns instead . '' `` Just going by the song samples of this crappily electronically recreated sound of bagpipes crap , I implore you to not buy this . Listen to other recordings of the real thing . Try the Simon Fraser University Pipe Band , for instance . That 'll bring your blood up instead of making you cringe . Beware of this guys other stuff too , I 'm thinkin ' . '' `` I 've only listened to the Amazon.com-provided samples . Holy crap ! The sound is so awful ; I could barely get through even the short samples -LRB- and I 'm not even a piper -LSB- ... yet . -RSB- How on earth does this CD get so many rave reviews ? I can only guess that the 5-star reviews are shill reviews.As for the `` performances , '' the individual bagpipe notes seem to be authentic sample recordings , much akin to piano notes sampled for keys on a digital piano . Simply feed/play the proper notes and you 'll have an authentic-sounding bagpipe , right ? WRONG ! Since the bagpipe chanter is monophonic , mimicking bagpipes in this manner does not work the same as a digital piano.These reproductions are just too artificial-sounding . ''
 I bought this disc because of the personnel - Shank , Shorty Rogers , Jimmy Rowles , Levy and Larry Bunker . All of whom I have enjoyed immensely on other West Coast jazz sessions . But this recording - essentially two LPs , one by Shank with Rogers in tow and one by Levy 's trio - is what I would call a lesser session . It lacks any kind of cohesion on either date . I expected those tight swinging clever charts with cool harmonies and a hint of Basie that these guys were so famous for . But not on this one . These are some recordings seeking an identity , seeking an audience and most of all , they do n't swing . Pass on this one unless you 're trying to complete your West Coast collection .
 this is not music but horrible whiny noise . how about trying to find a singer that can actually sing . I can not think of anymore words to describe how bad this sucks so I 'm going to stop trying . peace out homeys .
 NOT TO GOOD
 I was anxious to hear some of the favorite old compositions from an earlier era , and was pleased to see a variety included in the selection . I was however disappointed with the albumn . Content was **** but voice quality was ** . Susie has a smokey , soulful voice , but a little flat and monotone in some songs . -LRB- One Note Samba excluded -RRB- Perhaps additional vocals added to blend might help the composition quality . An OK CD but not one that will be played repeatedly .
 Anyone giving this album a positive review must either be the artists themselves , friends or family members of the artists , Warp records , or their distributor . The artwork for the album is fresh , and that is the only reason why this record deserves one star . I do n't enjoy writing negative reviews , and this is probably the first record Warp has released that has made me upset , but Team Shadetek are a completly void of any musical talent . This album can in no way compete with material from RDJ , Squarepusher , Prefuse , LFO , Boards of Canada , or even Chris Clark for that matter .
 This album , from start to finish , is the sound of a beat box falling down the stairs . It stumbles , it crashes , and it finally ends with blissful silence . There is no melody or rhythm , just a garbled bunch of nonsense looped over and over , track after track . If `` music '' this amateurish is making the grade and being published on Warp Records , I 'm going to buy my three year old daughter and drum machine and make millions off of her lack of talent . Save your money !
 TK has played with Dave Weckl and Bill Conners and has kicked booty on the bass in a number of hot fusion instrumentals , but this is just Chardonnay and Brie fodder background music.What a waste !
 This is a different group from the one that did `` Return to the Breath '' and `` Hating Tree '' . If you 're looking for goth/ethereal/darkwave music this `` Autumn '' is not the right group .
 It seems like such a good thing to see an album that shows other musicians recognizing the accomplishments of John Linnell and John Flansburgh as songwriters . There is , however , an extremely disappointing lack of charm in all the songs on this tribute.I imagine that anyone who listens to They Might Be Giants listens to them in part because they do n't sound like the typical band in the typical radio rotations . How many rock bands employ accordions and baritone saxes ? How many rock bands have singers with the eternally boyish-sounding John Linnell or the fun guy energy of John Flansburgh ? Not any that I can think of . Say anything about They Might Be Giants , but you can not say that they are generic.That is the problem with Hello Radio . Everything that made They Might Be Giants unique and interesting is eliminated . Almost every song on the album is given a generic late 90s era punk rock treatment . You know what I mean by that ; that time when everyone was trying to sound like Blink 182 . The Wrens ' horrible version of They 'll Need A Crane could be taught in college courses as an example of everything you should NOT do when recording a punk rock song.I feel a bit guilty writing this review , because it seems almost like an admission that the success of They Might Be Giants is based more on personality than the quality of their output . Take away Linnell and Flansburgh , and the songs ca n't fend for themselves . But I guess that 's just a fact of the rock band dynamic . Much of it is personality . Then again , when I listen to the original Ana Ng after listening to it on this album , I realize that something has to be said for knowing intuitively what a song should sound like . Despite what any of the artists on Hello Radio think , these songs are n't supposed to sound like typical punk rock . I think it took a lot of genius for John and John to know that an accordion would fit right in with Ana Ng , and somehow they were able to figure out that a woman recorded on a telephone would add a lot to the song.If you buy Hello Radio and listen to it all the way through , you will find no such ingenuity . Instead you will find a dated , generic sound bolstered only by the amusing lyricism , and that nobody on Hello Radio had anything to do with .
 Wow . When you look at the songs on this CD you see a list of TMBG gold . I 'm astonished at how the bands who covered them could turn them into complete garbage . Nearly all of the bands have a terribly generic sound , the opposite of what TMBG is about . Recepter , Jason Trachtenburg , The Wrens and OK Go pretty much made me hate them for their covers . They 're by far the worst tracks on a terrible album . They drastically changed their songs with horrendous results . I 'm not saying that all of the songs are bad , though . Steve Burns , Self and Frank Black have some very good takes on classic TMBG on here . They 're the only songs that stand out as decent , and sadly could not save this project.The bottom line is , if you like They Might Be Giants , chances are you 'll hate this . I advise you go to Itunes and buy the individual song for each one you think sounds good .
 This CD was so highly rated that I could n't wait to receive it . When it came , I was extremely disappointed . My niece -LRB- of whom I have custody -RRB- is struggling with her math facts for school , a necessary promotion standard , and we really need help , but she hates the songs , and quite frankly , so do I. I thought they 'd be fun and catchy , but they are cheesey and tedious . The `` Hip-Hop '' claim is quite questionable ... . We also purchased Schoolhouse Rock , and it is by far a better investment . Unfortunately , when buying a cd online , it is almost impossible to preview the songs , and so my recommendation is to check out your local music store first to make sure that the music is a match for your child .
 I do not want to offend anyone who enjoys this ... but my sons and I were really disappointed with this CD . It is not really rap - it 's like Rap-Meets-Elevator Music.I enthusiastically told my sons that teachers have given this CD praise , and my 9 year old -LRB- after groaning though a few songs -RRB- said , `` Maybe those teachers have imaginary students ! `` Anyway , others may like it , and I would encourage you to try to hear clips BEFORE you buy . There are better multiplication CDs out there ... ONE BIG PLUS ! I appreciate the efforts of putting math and music together . Any way learning can be fun for someone is important .
 Sophisticated teenmo lumbers under its own limitations in feeble attempts at melodic engagement .
 POR FAVOR ME DEEM UMA ORIENTAAO POIS FIZ UMA COMPRA COM VOCES EM DEZEMBRO D 2010 E AT&Eacute; AGORA NAO RECEBI O DVD DO BRAYAN ADAMS . INFELIZMENTE ESTOU MUITO DESCONTENTE COM AMAZON.COM MEU E-MAIL MARCIOEDD1@HOTAMIL.COM POR FAVOR ENTREM EM CONTATO COMIGO POIS NEM ISSO VCS FIZERAM . UM GRANDE ABRAO
 NOT TO GOOD
 In the 1970s and 1980s I bought most of the ECM catalog as albums were released . This was the first one I actually hated . I also hated Jan Garbarek 's `` Afric Pepperbird '' but was already a Garbarek fan from `` Dansere '' and `` Witchi-Tai-To '' and if I had listened to `` Afric Pepperbird '' first , I might never have bought other Garbarek albums , as I have never purchased another Stanko recording . It is common to comment on a trumpet player 's technique , but Stanko has none upon which to comment . For reference , my preferred trumpeters are Kenny Wheeler and Roy Hargrove .
 About three years ago , I bought Tierney 's albums
 Overall musically , the worst CD I have purchased in over a year . Torturous , `` cutesy '' arrangements such as these sound like late-Torme or moast-affected Streisand . Escepting `` Smile '' and `` Glad to Be Unhappy '' . Just sing the cong .
 First let me say I love Hendrix and I really did enjoy what 's here ... BUT ... There 's really not much content to this disc ... it 's basically his two cavett appearances , which are n't his two best live performances by a long shot and a `` documentary '' of which 80 % is those two same appearances ... Let 's be honest this disc might really be for hardcore Hendrix junkies only ... I am one so I liked it , and I always love listening to him talk ... but I think most folks would feel there 's far too little actual content ... Why not put ALL of Hendrix 's television appearances on a DVD ? I 'm sure they 'd all fit on one ... let 's hope Experience Hendrix does better then this in the future ... Hendrix at Monterey , Hendrix at Berkley , Royal Albert Hall , the remastered Isle of Wight , the rest of Hendrix on TV ... where is it?d
 If you add up all of the interview footage of Hendrix , there 's not much here . Dick Cavett did not interview Hendrix , he just made comments about how he liked his shirt and and threw in a few funny remarks . The Cavett people had to release this for it 's historic value to Rock music , but Mr. Cavett and crew must regret not having more in depth content to offer us 35 years later.Cavet did not convey to the viewers the importance of the times . There were no in depth questions at all about Woodstock which is hindsight is almost criminal , given that the story lead the evening news with Walter Cronkite . When Hendrix mentions that he he has had three nervous breakdowns , Cavett fails to make a folow up question . The most amazing part of the DVD is when Cavett breaks for a commercial , and Hendrix has left the studio . Cavett explains to his audience that Jimmi is too tired to complete the interview.The conclusion of the DVD offers a series of present day interviews from Cavvet , to Jimmi 's original drummer and Bass guitar player . All of these interviews are interupted every 30 seconds by replays of the interview we just watched.Borrow this from a friend , or rent it . Do n't buy it . This DVD has thirty minutes of content in it , including the music performed by Jimmi on the show .
 F + just for thisthe discs are not even CLOSED CAPTIONED !!! Jimi is one of the best all time guitarist , and very rare for him to sit and talk . and add to this is was stoned all the time , tho not sure on this show , but its hard to understand him even IF you have perfect hearing . doesnt move his lips per normal and talks sorta fast at times . this is the 21st century , No CC , fail .
 Experience Hendrix really know how to make the bucks , first get 10 min of footage of Jimi and add 40 more minutes of -LSB- stuff -RSB- and put it out on DVD and sell heaps of em ... I 'm a fan but was caught off gaurd with this one , ...
 I purchased Dick Cavett 's John Lennon and Yoko Ono interview and it was great . It was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material . I gained new insight about John and Yoko . So I bought Cavett 's interview of Jimi Hendrix expecting something similar . The 15 minutes of glib questions by Cavett produced nothing new about Hendrix . Included in the DVD are a few minutes of Jimi playing at Woodstock . The rest of the DVD is mediocre at best .
 I thought this DVD was a little drawn out with interviews from people that new Jimi other then himself and very little performance .
 Theres hardly any Jimi Hendrix in this . I think except for the three songs theres maybe 2 full minutes of Hendrix on this . How sad , they should of teamed up with ` someone ' else and tried to make a real special DVD . One thing I learned about Hendrix was how photogenic he could be on a set .
 For reasons never quite clear to me , I fell in love with the song `` You '' one late night while watching `` The Great Zeigfeld '' on TV . I managed to capture most of it on tape , then dub it onto cassette for future delectation . I jumped at the chance to have it an a `` digitally remastered '' CD , but the sound quality of this German import is actually inferior to my hastily recorded copy - the sound is muddy , with very audible hiss . A small disappointment in a world of large rissues , but still a disappointment .
 Song no. 4 listed for this item is NOT by Dennis Morgan as stated , It was dubbed by another artist and I have informed Amazon of this and received a refund for my purchase but for some reason , Amazon is not correcting the listing . If you are a Dennis Morgan fan and expect this to be sung by him , tough luck until Amazon corrects this error . You can look this up and readily see the notation of the dubbing on Wikipedia .
 With an item such as this and fairly expensive in the scheme of things , it would be really great to have a track listing !
 Do n't be confused . This is Donald Ray Johnson - not Don Johnson from Miami Vice .
 Je suis un grand fan de Burning Spear . Cet album m ' a beaucoup d&eacute;cu . Mr Rodney n ' a que tr&egrave;s peu de feelings sur ce disque et je crois que le band &eacute;tait trop pr&eacute;occup&eacute; d'avoir un bon son . Cet album est &agrave; mon avis un des moins bon de l'artiste . Il serait pr&eacute;f&eacute;rable de se pr&eacute;curer MARCUS GARVEY ou encore THE FITTEST OF THE FITTEST qui rend mieux l'exp &eacute;rience Burning spear .
 unaware there 's been any progress with this being sent . No notification yet.This is a gift and I do n't know if he 's received it .
 Omigawd she is Bad i think that this album should have never been made . Who would buy this thing not me I am glad I lisinited to it that way I knew that I could save my money for something better .
 This is just another attempt for the Brits to try to invade the US pop market with a solo girl . If you want a British solo act then go with Billie unlike lolly she can actually sing . Also this album is a waste of perfectly good cd 's . The only good pop exports from the UK are STEPS , Billie , S Club 7 , and 5ive . Try these artists and do n't waste you hard earned dollars on this CD .
 Okay I only have good things to say about this CD . 1 . It makes a great coster . 2 . It makes a good reflective surface to take with you when you go camping . 3 . It makes a great frisbee . Okay now for a track by track reveiw . 1 . Viva La Radio-Yeah maybe all of the UK will turn thier radios off after they here this crap . 2 . Mickey - Wow I wish I could sing this song . Oh wait I can and a lot better then you . 3 . Big Boys Do n't Cry - Unless they hear this track . 4 . Kiss Kiss Boom Boom - LOL holy crap what the heck is this crap . 5 . Dance In The Rain - Yeah and never come back inside you crazy untalented Brit . 6 . Can You Keep A Secret - Yeah what is it that you ca n't sing ? Well I hate to tell you the world already knows . 7 . Internet Love - Yeah too bad that when he found out who you were he blocked all your messages and E-Mails . 8 . Happy - Yeah the album is almost over that makes me happy too . 9 . Telephone Boy - What Lolly ? Oh sorry um he moved away last week maybe you can try again in like another lifetime . 10 . Do You Feel Like I Feel - Yeah we are all happy that there are no more tracks on the darn album.WOW that was fun .
 How could she have gotten signed she ca n't carry on a tune if you want goot Brit Pop then buy STEPS they can actually sing . Do n't buy this album ever . I regret that I did .
 I can not find the words to say how i feel about this C.D. . . It 's that bad . Lolly can not sing at all just whine . You may think that big boys do n't cry but i guarantee you they will when they hear this ugly C.D. . The music is childish , stupid and the lyrics are horrendous . One of the songs goes like `` Oh mickey your so fine , you blow my mind ... '' and some other rubbish . I recommend that you do n't buy this C.D EVER ! -LRB- You 'll thank me later ! -RRB- Save your money for buying an album by a talented singer like Joe or Avant . Much love to you if you can bear the first 3 seconds of Lolly 's pathetic `` MY FIRST ALBUM '' ! I 'm not that patient !
 Ha ha ha!i 'm laughing on lolly and her crap album.i listened to this album 3 years ago in a local store but now i 'm reviewing it.this album is the worst album in the music history.when i first listened to it i burst out laughing.i think lolly wanted to do this album to make herself a big joke , then she saw that all the people laughing at her so she did n't show her face after 4 years or maybe forever.if you have a copy of this album put it in a trash can immediately or throw this crap out of your window or give it to a mum that has a new born baby to make her sleep at nights or perhaps when the baby listens to it he/she will start crying cuz these songs will give him/her a headache .
 Okay I wish there were words that I could use to describe how crappy this CD is . But there are no words to describe how bad it is . When I first heard Viva La Radio I had to rush to the bathroom because I was going to pee my pants . I have never heard anything so funny in my life . I guess that the British people that signed her to Polydor were like `` I know lets play a practical joke on the people of the UK . '' If only the good people of the UK knew that then no one would have taker her seriously if anyone actually did . Oh well I guess all I can do is warn you not to buy this album . I am sorry that my sister wasted her allowence on this CD but I hate to tell you sis I told you so .
 This is some of the crappiest junk I have ever heard . Thhe only reason that I gave it one star was beacuse there was n't a zero . The only good thing about this CD is the Karaoke versions of all her songs . If you want a good pop singer from the UK get Billie Honey To The B it si alot better then this garbage . Also you might try some talented pop exports from the UK , S CLUB 7 , STEPS , and try the Irish Samantha Mumba . They are all better then this pseudo talented pop trash .
 Okay lets start that I love this album . Not for its content but for the fact that it makes a great mirror . Omigawd I can not beleive that people actually bought this album . My little sis gave it to me to listen to and she told me that she wanted me to have it becuase it made her sick to listen to it . I thought that it was cute . Okay lets start out with the main purpose of this album . I feel that this album was made because they saw her as an answer to Britney , um sorry floks of the UK but did n't you already do that with Billie ? Oh well I guess I can just tell you to go out to your local record store and buy a copy of Leslie Carter 's single `` Like Wow '' that is worth the ... to laugh your a ** off for the three and a half minutes . Oh well do n't buy this trash I have heard and seen better . Oh Lolly maybe your next single can be `` Viva La Cardboard Box '' since that is where you will be in the next 10 years .
 Before you purchase this disc , be sure that your receiver will decode its soundtrack . The only soundtrack available on the disc is DTS-HD . Because I 'm using an older surround processor , I ca n't play it because there is no sound . I 'm not planning on running out to purchase a new processor just so that I can watch one disc .
 I was SO dissapointed recieving my new Swan Lake DVD ; a HD DVD ... I have no HD DVD player and I did not notice that is was a HD movie ... I really suggest that Amazon warn about the format - HD ... who has a HD DVD player these days ???
 Yes , I bought -LRB- okay , downladed ... -RRB- this . `` Miss Independent '' is a pretty good song , though not exactly my type of song . I also loved `` You Thought Wrong '' . Unfortunately , every other song was n't that cool , and they were all pretty much the same as each other , and the same as everything else on the shelves these days . Come on , people , I want some fresh ideas ! Yes , she 's got a pretty good voice . But by the end of the CD , I was quite frankly bored out of my mind . But hey , if you like Kelly ... that 's fine with me .
 Kelly has a lovely voice , and she definitely has a powerful one . The entire CD is well crafted musically and shows a lot of thought in song selection and instrumentalization . My one wish is that she would n't overamp her delivery on every one of them . She has a sweet , bluesy sound that would fit in that `` white soul '' , as the music industry calls it , R&B ; format perfectly . She does very well on pop tunes and shows her vocal versatility on her debut CD `` Thankful '' . `` Miss Independent '' , her signature song , is up for a Grammy next year . She should win , based upon talent and sales figures alone.Hopefully , Kelly 's and Clay 's enormously successful double platinum debut CDs will show those certain other artists who snipe at , and criticize the success of Kelly , Clay and Ruben that the A.I. winners have REAL talent . Maybe those cry-baby whiners who complain the loudest about the years they had to `` put in the time '' will get a clue about their own career tracks and finally shut up.Personally , I would love to hear Kelly less strident in her singing style and see how she delivers a ballad without therock and roll gritty voice sound she employs in her delivery.All that aside , I am glad that real , good music has finally returned to the radio . Like millions of others I am sick of the vile , hatefilled hip hop/rap garbage that has dominated the airwaves for 10 years . Right ON ! Kelly and all A.I. winners .
 I purchased the cd out of curiosity and found it disappointing . Admittedly I 'm not a big fan of this brand of singing , but the hype had me curious . However , if this is someone 's cup of tea , I can see why it would be embraced ... it 's safe material by a nonthreatening safe performer . For me it was just a whole lot of meaningless oversinging and affected delivery by an uninspiring singer/performer . Given more time and experience , she may yet develop into a performer with more depth and true star quality . It 'll interesting to see if her fans will let her .
 I know it does n't seem like it since I gave her two stars , but I do . I think she should stick to ballads and R&B . The `` rock '' songs are O.K. , but not very well written . She has a more soulful voice and it is not displayed much here . I think she is very talented but she needs better songwriters . She has a bluesy voice which is showcased on `` The Trouble With Love Is '' which I like a lot . Also , only the photo on the inside looks like her ! My Mother says they airbrushed too much . We know she probably did n't have much say this time around , but I think she will only get better and better .
 This was a total waste of money ! I expected way more form Kelly 's first try , sure the girl can sing but the song choices were terrible . One of the onlt highlights on the CD was Tamyra Gray on it . I only like 3 songs on this cd and only one of them is new.If i were Kelly i 'd rethink this entire album and go back into the recording studio . The only time I enjoyed the cd was when i BROKE IT !! Save yourself and dont give this cd a second thought .
 Yeah , she 's beautiful and has a good voice but you know what ? So do I. I auditioned for American Idol that year and I 'm pretty sure all three of the judges were on crack cocaine b/c they said I had absolutely no chance of becoming anything . Even Paula who tries to sugarcoat everything said I had pretty nice hair but that was all I had going for me . I 'm sticking to my guns and saying I should have been the one who had that glorious moment ! My heart burns with rage when I hear Kelly 's voice on the radio ! Someone gave this CD to me as a gift b/c they thought even though I was rejected from the auditions , I would love to have the winner 's album . What an idiot . I tied it up in the branches of my tree in hopes that a crow will come and peck at it . Ha ! Take that ! Mark my words . I 'm the next american idol !
 This hurts my ears and so does her new `` Breakaway '' album . She 's talentless and not even pretty . She needs to give up singing and do another job . Give the TRUE singers a turn , Kelly !
 Personally , I feel that Kelly Clarkson has let the World down with her new CD . I always have enjoyed Kelly because of her `` Girl-Next-Door '' image , and then she did this . Everytime I see her now , she is scantily clad . She can show the world that even though you are n't a size 0 , you can still dress nice , NOT sleezy ! I was expecting a great CD full of hits like `` A Moment Like This '' But she came out just like Christina Auguleira , all sleezy and gross . She TOTALLY defeated my personal saying of `` Modest are the Hottest '' . So now , she is not an American Idol , she is an American Letdown !
 okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister . Kelly Clarkson in my opinioon is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have UGLY looks & no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show.Was this review helpful to you ? I think that it was , is the media helpful to you . The media makes you buy this cd even though you do n't want to .
 okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister . Kelly Clarkson in my opinioon is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have UGLY looks & no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show.Was this review helpful to you ?
 I was taking out the trash one night when I heard my neighbor , a teenager , singing along with Miss Independent . She was just as good .
 When Kelly debuted on American Idol , I thought , okay , she 's got something . Well , that was before they ruined her . Oh gee , let 's make her sound like EVERYONE else , Mariah -LRB- who ca n't sing anymore - vocal gymnastics does not equal talent -RRB- , Whitney , etc.All of the songs on this CD sound the same - BORING . It would do Ms. Clarkson some credit to stay OUT of the studio for a while until she can come up with an original sound .
 I thought I was gon na fall asleep . I really love her new hit Miss Independent ... very full of life and danceable , but it seems to be the only song on the CD that will probably make it . I 'm no critic , just thought I 'd let you know if you expect a CD based on the first hit . I expected the whole CD to be like this , or at least a majority . But it was way too mellow for my taste . It sounded just like a Christina Aguilera CD -LRB- I was n't surprised to find out she helped write some of the songs -RRB- that I thought it was hers . I think they could have done much better with Kelly 's talent instead of just made her another Christina . Very disappointed and have given it a few spins only to find out it simply will not grow on me .
 After listening to this CD I asked myself was it worth the price that I paid for it and I have to be honest `` no '' . It should have been titled `` Nothing Special '' . Cut after cut I kept waiting for at least one song on the CD that did n't sound as if it had already been done before but it just was n't there . My advice is save your money or buy my copy .
 I regret buying this album . I watched the first season of American Idol and was blown away by Kelly Clarkson 's talent . It really goes to show that although someone may sing like one of the `` big three , '' -LRB- Mariah , Celine , Whitney -RRB- they still need good songs and good albums to make it fly . Whitney has terrific songs under her belt , Celine has paved her way to fame via soundtracks , and Mariah oversees and writes her material . They all have creative geniuses working for them . Kelly Clarkson , however , seems to only have a horde of producers itching to take advantage of her talent and brief fame . The songs are subpar . She sounds like the big three , is beautiful , has a wonderful personality , but this album is definitely not going to be her ticket into the diva club . We 're not renaming the clique `` big four '' anytime soon.There 's only so long a person can be captivated by singing talent alone . Being able to sing the songs well is less than half the battle . The rest really depends on how good the song is , and well all the songs come together on an album . Look at Jewel , Sheryl Crow , Sarah McLachlan , and Tori Amos - while they may be fantastic singers , they 're not going to be up for the `` best singer of the century '' award anytime soon , but they have their loyal followings because of their creative genius . They do n't make commercialized , canned music . Hey , I 've enjoyed commercialized music , too , like Britney 's , but at least Britney is honest about it . She does n't tout it as anything deeply moving or stirring , because her music is n't , just as how the Kelly 's album is n't . After giving the album a listen after I bought it , I said to myself , `` great , I bought a fad record . `` I think the tracks that the recording company are going to promote into singles will be Miss Independent and You Thought Wrong -LRB- with Tamyra Gray -RRB- . Well , first , Miss Independent is a throwaway track from Christina Aguilera . Christina did n't finish writing the song for her album `` Stripped , '' and once you 've listened to Christina 's album , you 'll see why . She did n't need it . She had a good album , and the tracks that shared the same vibe as Miss Independent were better . Miss Independent sounds a lot like Christina 's `` Fighter , '' and unfortunately , it does n't sound better . It seriously sounds like recycled Aguilera . I did n't know that Christina had actually started writing the song until I thought , `` this sounds eerily similar to Christina 's songs '' and checked the credits.You Thought Wrong is actually pretty good , but it 's a rehash of the Brandy + Monica duet of The Boy is Mine , just angrier -LRB- grrr -RRB- . Sounded nice , but I was n't blown away . I 've heard the same type of sound from Destiny 's Child and Brandy + Monica.To tell you the truth , the rest of the album went in one ear and went out the other . Usually , for the purposes of writing a review , I 'd pop the album in and re-listen to give a better opinion . I do n't want to do that . I really do n't want to listen to it again . I think that makes my point much better.The album is a mess . It 's part jazz , part pop , part Christina Aguilera , part hip hop -LRB- oh , I 've got cred with a hip hop song ! -RRB- , and 100 % calculated . There 's no feeling behind it . The only impression I got is that the recording company and producers had a checklist titled `` How To Make a # 1 Album '' and were checking it off as they went along . Even the Diane Warren song was blah.I love Kelly , I think she 's adorable , I think she 's capable of so much better , I think she has an amazing voice , but I want my money back .
 This CD just goes to show the further dumbafication of America . The fact that some talentless nobody can stand in front of billions of people and shell out some dribble that some puppeteer behind the scenes throws together is beyond me . All Kelly Clarkson fans should be ashamed of themselves . Everyone should go and find something they enjoy and not just accept whatever some record executive decides to shovel out to you that particular month . C'mon wake up people , this music is garbage .
 I was expecting more in line of A Moment Like This - it was all R&B and Rap.Save your moneyDo n't buy it .
 only song i like on here is miss independant . Everytime I hear a moment like this I think of that dumb commercial .
 Kelly Clarkson is overrated . Sure , she has a nice singing voice , but so do a lot of people . Listen to this CD and you 'll see that her voice really is n't that special.Not only that , but these songs are so boring ! They are just overproduced pop songs . They sound like something Britney Spears would sing , but Kelly 's not interesting enough to be the next Britney .
 ok , so i 'm a kelly fan and all , but do n't these `` fan '' reviews sound a little too polished/formulaic/staged ? it 's like her management company is on this site writing reviews since no one else is.how phoney .
 Come on , what is this ? All this new stuff that keeps comming out . So she has a good voice , that does n't mean she has talent . If you want to listen to music that makes life worth living listen to Led Zeppelin , The Doors , Cream , Pink Floyd , The Beatles , Allman Brothers Band , Jimi Hendrix , or Creedence Clearwater Revival . These guys know how to rock and make it sound amazing . Do yourself a favor and make the right choice . It 's for the good of the country .
 If this album goes to number one , which it probably will , it truly be `` the day the music died '' . With great artists like Lucinda Williams , Fleetwood Mac , Pete Yorn releasing great , inspired music this month - the biggest release will be Kelly Clarkson . What is music industry coming to ? No wonder the great Joni Mitchell is leaving the biz . American Idol is not about finding that diamond in the rust . It 's a strategic corporate marketing strategy to sell records . Kelly Clarkson is the product of such strategy . A CD with zero originality , and void of any soul . Ms. Clarkson is a the perfect example of a corporate puppet . Pull the strings and she will screech the most bland , uninspired music since another made up idol -LRB- s -RRB- Milli Vinilli . Yes , Clarkson has the pipes but , that 's all she 's got going for her . It 's so sad that true musical artists will never get the kind of exposure and air play that this corporate , manufactured product will receive.Clarkson should be `` Thankful '' the rest of us who appreciate true musical artistry and original music can only hope that Ms.Clarkson 's fifteen minutes will be up very soon . I know I will be `` Thankful '' .
 Save your money.DO not buy this cd.ITS ALL HYPE.BUY A CD withsomeone who has real talent-Mariah Carey , Barbra Streisand , Celine , or LINDA EDER.buy LISA MARIE PRESLEYS CD.THIS IS NOT THE AMERICANIDOL .
 Note to Ms. Clarkson
 From this point out , I shall only refer to Ms. Clarkson by her proper title ... The Queen of Uncool -LRB- QoU -RRB- . To have an `` incredible '' voice -LRB- as others like to point out -RRB- she is quite unoriginal . QoU 's voice may be in top form -LRB- I disagree -RRB- but the rest of her is just a mess . Half the time I see her with a scarf wrapped around her neck , was she bit by The Master or is she just ripping off Rogue from X-Men ??? Other times I see her in ill fitted gowns looking peculiarly awkward , of course that could just be the Texan in her . To be honest she gives me a greater appreciation for Mariah Carey , something I thought I 'd never utter in my life . Just wanted to add she has a carbface too .
 I must say that I was completely dissappointed by this album . There is no doubt that Kelly Clarkson is a good singer , and I was very glad that she won the first American Idol . She deserved to win because she was great . The same can not be said about htis album though . I 'll tell you exactly what it comes down to ... Song Selection . I ca n't get over how absolutely horrible most of the songs are on this album . Most of the album sounds like something is missing . For example ... Background vocals are a rarity , and are much needed . The CD just feels so empty . The lack of appropriate backgroud vocals probably would n't be so bad , if it was n't for a majority of instrumentals that an average 10 year old child could play . On top of that , the lyrics to a lot of the songs are just bad . You can tell by Kelly 's singing in about half of the songs that the words mean nothing to her , being sung without emotion , and that she was forced to . In all honesty , the only two songs on this album that were n't on the single are `` Anytime '' , and the duet with Tamayra . The rest is junk . I am stunned at how poorly Simon did at choosing the songs for this album . It really is one of the worst CD 's of all time . Better Luck Next Time .
 In this music industry , you really need to prove that you have the ability to sing on stage , and perform with all your hearts content . With the success of American Idol , I sometimes wonder if people are only buying an artists who is on American Idol for their music , or because of the popularity of the show . In my opinion , I think it has to be only because of the show . For Kelly Clarkson , the winner of the very first American Idol , she seemed to prove that she has a voice like an angel , but it still sounds as manufactured like Britney Spears and Jennifer Lopez.Her real debut Thankful , seems to fall within the music of Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears . Although the buzz seems kind of hot , the music does n't seem to have a spark in the eye . Although she has released Miss Independent to the American Idol public , it seems as if you need to show more than independence to actually win it all , and stay on top . It is just sad that everything she is doing right now is associated with the name brand , American Idol , performing again on the show , and doing a movie with the runner-up of the first American Idol.To be honest with you , Kelly Clarkson is no Whitney Houston . Hopefully , when she makes another record , she 'll try to be without the brand name `` American Idol . '' I was really dissapointed with the record . Instead , I suggest you get the Madonna album , American Life , or Celine Dion 's latest One Heart .
 She may be the winner of American Idol , but this album is mostly slow songs ! I heard snippets of it in a CD store one day and thought that all the songs sounded the same . As for `` A Moment like This '' how many more releases will they put this on ? Most of these songs are too slow to keep me interested for long ... To think that this girl outsold the Beatles ... I would have liked to have seen more uptempo songs on this CD ... The thing that is missing from this is a little bit of everything else ... We will see how she will fair when Justin has his chance to shine . . From what I have heard he has a strong chance to make a showing ... Sorry Kelly , maybe next time ...
 I really wanted to like this album.I was an avid fan of the first season of American Idol . I was as excited as the rest of America when Kelly Clarkson won.Each week she displayed the versatility and chops that got her the prize . I really got the impression that she could sing ANY song.Which leaves me wondering
 okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister . Kelly Clarkson in my opinioon is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have UGLY looks & no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show.Was this review helpful to you ? I think that it was , is the media helpful to you . The media makes you buy this cd even though you do n't want to .
 I loved Kelly in AI but this CD really does n't showcase her great voice . There are maybe three songs on here that are decent . The rest are soooooo boring that I have to fast forward them . I would recommend borrowing this from a friend for a week before you decide to buy it .
 I was expecting so much more . Some of the tracks are great , but most are boring and lacking . She has talent , but it is not obvious on this cd .
 Is this music screaming or singing ? I am very unimpressed by her debut album . She has a fantastic voice and does n't need to scream her lyrics . I would suggest she try to do less `` hip hop '' type music and more ballads . They better suit her voice . Overall , this is not a good debut . Sorry Kelly , you lost a fan .
 I was truly looking forward to hearing the results of the delayed KELLY CLARKSON debut CD . I must admit that I am very dissapointed with the end results . Ms.Clarkson 's vocals are good however the overall production of this CD lacks direction . The songs selected are '' GRADE B Pop '' as they badly attempt to imitate hits from a multitude of artists currently listed on the BMG roster . Ms.Clarkson 's CD is nothing more than a bad melting pot of grade B pop songs . Clarkson should carefully package the next CD if she does not want to end up fizzeling faster than MENUDO did on the North American charts !
 i pre-ordered this cd a while ago , then i heard 30 second clips . and i have to say , do n't buy this cd unless you 're prepared to sit through 11 ballads and get only TWO uptempo songs ! do n't get me wrong , she 's got THE voice , but kelly ... . you really let me down . once my cd comes in the mail , i 'm returning it . hopefully the next will be better .
 I was very disappointed in this CD . It was nothing like the songs she sang on American Idol . Her music is very hard compared to the music she portrayed on AI . The CD forces you to install software you dont want onto your computer -LRB- If you play it on your computer -RRB- , just so you can watch the Video . You are force fed pop up 's from the software imbedded in the CD . I bought this CD and sold it on eBay the next day , because I was so turned off by her `` new style '' .
 I ` ve been listening to Kurt Nilsen ` s -LRB- WORLD IDOL FROM NORWAY -RRB- album `` I '' for sometime now -LRB- which I bought from amazon.canada since it is not available yet in USA -RRB- and was pleasantly surprized by this young man ` s incredible talent.It not only showcase Kurt ` s beautiful and captivating voice but his unbelievable song writing ability -LRB- he wrote 9 of the 12 music in the album -RRB- . So I thought , I ` d give our American idol a fair shake and started listening to Kelly and Clay ` s album.Oh boy!It was painful.Typical manufactured pop music.No originality nor quality that I look from a musician.I did n`t feel the poetry and the substance from the music when they sing.In short , theirs is very ordinary whereas Kurt ` s album is exceptional and astonishing .
 This album was bland both vocally and musically . All the music sounded pretty much the same , her voice did n't shine through like when she was on American Idol , and there was no emotion there at all . I thought I would love this album but was disappointed . `` Low '' and `` Miss Independent '' were the only 2 songs that stood out .
 I felt that this album was just thrown together in a rush . I definitely expected more from Clarkson on this first album . There are a few good songs , but the CD is just not that exciting . I enjoyed Justin Guarini 's CD much more .
 I am not thankful for Kelly Clarkson , or her booooooooooooooooooooring debut album.First off , the songs are all leftovers of stuff we 've heard before -LRB- she has an avril lavigne/michelle branch song here , a christina aguilera wannabe song there -LRB- their own music is bad enough to begin with -RRB- , a mariah ballad somewhere in there , and some junk that does n't go ANYWHERE.This album does n't go anywhere.It 's overproduced , and so painfully cliched and unoriginal.Her voice is average-I 've heard many girls sing like this , nothing to go nuts about , nothing very distintive , nothing her own.I say , in a year or less , Kelly Clarkson will wipe off the land of fame , and be thankful for something else , somewhere else , but nowhere we can hear .
 Here is another shining example of how one can have a powerful voice with range , and make boring music . Think Christina Aguilera , who co-wrote the song `` Miss Independent '' and uses the same intonations to pull it off . Ms. Clarkson is another copycat oversinger with more screaming than soul.It is so obvious that the production was as contrived as a Britney Spears cd , but , Britney comes across with a sense of humor about the whole thing . Kelly Clarkson is just another one of the singers , the young fans can say `` oh she is the only one can sing '' meanwhile they learn only that singing is about vocal acrobatics and not emotions.Ms . Clarkson needs to get together with some competent songwriters which does not include master of hooks Dianne Warren or `` miss girlpower '' Christina Aguilera . A fresh approach to singing and songwriting and you might have half a chance.Maybe when a Joplinesque or Stevie Nicks influenced singer hits the scene then we can talk .
 With such a powerful and amazing voice on American Idol , how can Kelly Clarkson have released such a terrible CD ? These songs are slow , boring , and have no tune to them at all . Do yourself a favor , save some money and do n't buy this CD .
 I must start out by saying that I was rooting for Kelly Clarkson to win , once Tamyra was voted out of American Idol . There should be no doubt in anybody 's mind that Kelly Clarkson is junk compared to Tamyra , but at least she beat that guy who looks like Bozo the clown . It is unfortunate , then , that this album is so absolutely horrible that upon paying for an listening to it I am now using it as a coaster for my diet Mountain Dew . The songs are all over the place . I mean , come on , pick a genre and stick with it . If you try and please everybody you will please nobody . Kelly totally sounds like somebody who was picked up off of the street and given the opportunity to make an album with a whole lot of production value behind it . What do you do with somebody who has little to no talent ? Overproduce . The sad part if that the American People are so stupid as a whole that they would buy this piece of crud without even considering the thousands of alternative cds out there that are so much more worth their money . Do n't waste your time . Hopefully Kelly will get her few minutes of fame and then disappear forever .
 I loved Kelly on AI1 but I am just now impressed with her now for some reason . She sang great on the AI Christmas Special . The reason she was so good was because she had such volume . She just yells too much . If you like yelling and volume then you will like her . But as far as just singing , she is just ok . She is trying too hard to be cool , like with the nose piercing . That was just a bit much . I just wish that she had just stayed herself . After being so impressed with Clay , I guess I just lost interest in her . He does not have to strain at all . He is a natural and will not change who he is .
 I remember when the music industry had real stars selling records instead of Star Search contest winners who scream instead of sing . If you are looking for new music to listen to by legitimate pop/rock artists , try the new releases by Fleetwood Mac , Madonna , and Annie Lennox . These are real musicians with impressive track records , and they did n't need to win a stupid contest to get a recording contract .
 Kelly Clarkson is a rip off !!! Sorry , we only have one Xtina , and you will never replace her !!!
 Kelly Clarkson was a homespun , girl next door . They have turned her into a warbling , screaming , Britney SPears clone . Kelly has a powerful voice but does n't know how to use it . OR maybe its the material and the arrangements and the production that are stifling . I just do n't like ` screaming ' songs . Kelly deserves so much better . They have ruined her .
 Simon Cowell misled American people . This girl does n't know how to sing . There is a difference between singing and shouting . Kelly likes to shout rather than sing . Sometimes I cover my ears while she 's singing . It 's painful to listen to .
 Simply put . IF you value your eardrums , you will stay away from this CD . It is literally and figuratively painful . Kelly screams her way through the songs , apparently trying to disguise that she ca n't hit the notes . Has there ever been a worse song written and performed than Miss Independent ??
 You know how some cs 's only have one or two good songs , well this one has NONE , every song really sucks ... okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister.Kelly Clarkson in my opinion is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have looks but no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went on the show .
 This cd is ok.NOT Grammy worthy.Theres nothing special aboutKelly Clarkson.She sounds to much like Mariah and Christina.Nooriginality in her voice.She needs to develop her own style instead of copying other artists.She is NO MADONNA.KELLY , you needto stop copying other artists .
 It 's a good cd if you just want to lie down and take a nap . I ca n't sit around and listen to it without wanting to fall asleep . It 's no good to listen to in the car either . I 'm disappointed with this cd and I wo n't be buying her next one .
 Okay for one before I write this review , I 'm tired of people saying that only teenagers and kids would like this album . It is n't true . I for one do not like this album along with the rest of my friends . I 'm seventeen years old , I do n't listen to teenyboppers music . I listen to rock , rap , and dance music . Music that is hard , something I can chill to , and sometimes dance to . It all depends on your taste of music and your personality.Now for my review . I am disgusted with the album . Seriously , she reminds me of the Brady Bunch . Just plain out , CORNY !! I wish American Idol did n't pick her . Yeah she can sing , I give her that . But I do n't know if it 's just me but she is intolerable . Having a woman scream into your ears for hours can get on your nerves . Her songs are all about love and romance . No one does n't wan na hear that for hours . I do n't wan na hear about your kissy goo-goo life , all I wan na hear is good music and actual good lyrics lady !!!!!! Oh , and to sum this all up , no this is not the CD to buy unless you like romance and you like a woman screaming in your ears for hours .
 did not like this cd at all !
 What a lousy collection of music . I was given this as a gift -LRB- obviously some kind of cruel joke !! -RRB- and gave it a fair chance but , YUCK !!! , this is truly terrible.What 's with these American Idol people anyway ?? Can they not come up with anything good ?? I think this girl should get into modelling , or something else , where we can just look at her and not listen !!!!!! I know most here are going to push that `` NO '' button below this review , but I do n't care , sorry , but this is bad !!!
 I had to turn this cd off halfway thru , and toss it in the trash can . I read one of Kyle 's reviews and thought it might be a good cd , with a review that said `` Woohoo '' , but I say BOOHOO , BOOHOO , BOOHOO !!! This is one wwful CD !!!
 Eight words
 I thought this venture was so uninspired in every way that I felt embarrassed listening . I found it to be highly unimaginative and Clarkson 's voice is forced and unremarkable . It appears yelling on-key is enough to get by these days . If you are interested in a truly amazing talent , check out Norwegian Idol/World Idol Kurt Nilsen . He put Kelly to shame in the World Idol competition and even caused her to act like a spoiled brat in front of millions . -LRB- She walked off without so much as a `` Congratulations '' . Tacky is as tacky does !
 This album is just plain bad . The songs are medicore pop oversung by Miss Enflated Ego herself . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !
 more pop crap I 'm very sick of the placebo syndrome next .
 Sorry but winning a talent show on TV does n't make you a star . This album is horrible . Kelly does not have a good voice . It 's so weak . Her voice sounds so forced and strained . She already blew her voice out once . The songs on this album are so boring and bland . She should go back to whatever job she had before she went on American Idol . The only success she 'll have will be from Idol hype . Once that dies down so will her career as a singer .
 After listening to this CD I asked myself was it worth the price that I paid for it and I have to be honest `` no '' . It should have been titled `` Nothing Special '' . Cut after cut I kept waiting for at least one song on the CD that did n't sound as if it had already been done before but it just was n't there . My advice is save your money or buy my copy .
 When all around you is mundane , the exceptional deserves special recognition ... even when it 's exceptionally bad . Once you have lowered your hopes from `` It 's Kelly , it must be great '' to `` If I 'm paying attention to something else , it 's not , all , that bad , '' you should reserve a special place in your heart -LRB- not the charitable part -RRB- for the producers that messed up the Kelly/Tamyra duet so badly . After all , between them Kelly and Tamyra had PROVEN that MILLIONS of people like their voices enough to call and vote for them week after week . Millions of people buying a record makes it a monster hit . All the record company had to do was record what people already love . Oh , sorry , much better to have the well set-up chorus to their duet be a generic electronic train wreck that might as well feature the voices of Joe and Fred Smith for all the listener can tell . But hey , I bet the board master had a fun time , and that 's what counts , right?Otherwise , sorry fans , the singles featured on AI this season are the two best songs on the album -LRB- it 's a weird irony that the record company figured that out and still could not produce a worthy album -RRB- ; otherwise Kelly is buried in middling dreck -LRB- come on folks , hum any two Diane Warren tunes -RRB- and very poor production choices -LRB- including a ton of mix burying and quadruple tracking -RRB- better suited to someone without much talent . A huge waste . Kelly outsings the millstone around her neck , but her career takes a huge blow to the body right out of the chute . Future AI winners take note .
 Clay Aiken is definitely more talented . Move over Kelly , Clay has taken over .
 The world is a lot worse with the induction of this poor record . It 's a bad example of Rock n ' Roll , Pop , R&B and whattever else she 's poorly trying to achieve.American Idol and all it 's winners is an excuse for what 's wrong with the music business today.It 's unfortunate that we ca n't give this one zero stars .
 If You Listen To One Of The Songs In The Begining It Sounds Like Avril Lavigne Losing Grip.She 's The Bait Of The Radio Mainstream , Reeling In Blinded Fans Of American Idol By Being `` In '' , And I Personally Did n't Think Any Of The Songs Have A `` Rockish Feel To Them '' I 'd Like To Call That Country.But Hey If You Must ...
 First of all let me start with saying that I never thought Kelly Clarkson was really a good singer or very talented.I was THANKFUL that I did not actually pay for this CD.It 's garbage.Some of these songs are far worse than I could have even imagined.Beautiful Disaster is n't beautiful , it 's just a disaster.This CD is filled with bad pop and a dash of attempted R&B ; that Clarkson ca n't quite pull off.Clarkson can not seem to fit into her singing role.She dresses hideous and looks horrible at every public appearance.Her chubby babyface does n't allow her to look sexy.Note to Kelly Clarkson
 Seriously , if teenage girls looked back to 1985 , 1989 and 1990 when Whitney , Mariah and Celine all released thier debuts , you know there is nothing new with Kelly . The truth is even though she is pretty hot her vocals are mediocore . She can do the shouting thing but to dub her as `` the next mariah carey '' is a disgrace to Mariah . And Celine Dion ?! Please ! kelly 's high notes are very weak . You can hear that in `` Low '' and `` Miss Independent . '' This record was done for SALES ONLY ... nothing from the heart . It needs to be more xperimental and less Clive , David Foster and Diane Warren stuff . `` Whitney Houston '' is a much better example of pop with great vocals . Same with `` Mariah Carey . '' Let 's see ... she borrowed a song off Christina , put on bland material like `` A Moment Like This '' -LRB- C-L-I-C-H-E !! -RRB- , let Diane Warren repeat herself again and put Tamyra in who deserved to win ! If I did n't know this was Kelly , I thought it would be an artist like Pink or Christina Aguilera . She is very average and has the ego the size of Texas . She needs to come back to earth and record something DECENT if she wants my respect . Ditch Clive , Kelly . Check out Desmond Child , Shek ` spere , Kandi Buruss , DarkChild or God forbid pen your own songs YOURSELF and have them based on personal experiences . Check out LeAnn Rimese 's `` twisted angel '' instead You will be forever greatful .
 It is very sad indeed that this is what the world of music has come to . Take an overweight , pig faced waitress , stick her in clothes so tight that the Bun and Thigh master informercial becomes more profound , then have her screech her way through and album that is so overproduced that you wonder why she is n't being booked of a tour of Six Flags all over the country . She misses notes everywhere , the lyrics of the songs are downright pitiful , and the song structures themselves will not be making Led Zeppelin or Pink Floyd toss and turn at night . This music is all hype with no talent , and I feel very bad for the teenagers of today that could n't grow up in the seventies like I did , when the top 40 music was Boston , Zeppelin , Floyd , Aerosmith and the likes . Stay far away from this piece of junk . I am already using mine as a coaster .
 This CD is pretty much what I expected from , a person just pulled off the street and allowed to make a cd.The joke of the music industry proves why American idol is a joke . It also proves you do n't need talent to sell CD 's just a really bad TV show . Kelly enjoy you 2 min . of fame it will be over soon .
 Oh my , what can I say that is nice ... Kelly is not as fantastic as people pumped her up to be , she tries to hit notes like Mariah Carey , but when she does it sounds like screeching or screaming and is idstasteful , she did it with the song respect on American Idol too and i was not impressed.I dunno it is obvious that Tamyra Gray was cheated from what should have rightfully been hers . Kelly 's voice is not at all fit for singing she should get into Rock where people can shout and scream notes and the fans love it but for me this CD was a waste of time ... Sorry I dunno if it was a racial thing where people voted for Kelly because she is caucasian or what but Kelly sure did not win based on talent and it is sad . I think people need to move away from the idea that african americans are not talented because they are Tamyra is definently one of them.I am proud of both ladies for singing their best but Tamyra comes out on top everytime ...
 Boring , trite , bland , unoriginal , screamfest are some words that came to mind when I heard this album . Kelly has one good song on this album , Miss Independent -LRB- written by Christina Aguilera -RRB- , but that will be her only hit from this album . The rest of the album is boring and bland . Kelly should utilize her voice and make the song special instead of screaming every note she possibly can , but than again , with songs this stupid , she does n't have much to work with . Kelly is way too homely . She does n't have what it takes to be a star . Her voice is average to say the least . Her 15 minutes of fame will be up soon and from the looks of her movie with Justin Guarini that flopped horribly , it looks to be that way . Good riddens .
 One good song
 This album is almost completely different than Kelly 's second C.D. , for she seems to use a soulful style of singing on Thankful that she pretty much has abandoned on her followup album . There are -LRB- regrettably -RRB- few high-volume energetic tunes like `` Since U Been Gone '' on this album , with most of the songs being soft and relatively too simple . One of the exceptions is the hit `` Miss Independent '' , the best track in my opinion . This tune has a unique background beat , soulful lyrics , and a loud , majestic chorus . It would seem that this debut album features a completely different side of Kelly than is on Breakaway , preferably the less desirable side . I would n't recommend this album also because it 's not satisfyingly intricate , and has few likeable tracks.I recommend : Miss IndependentLowBeautiful DisasterYou Thought Wrong
 Kelly Clarkson is an absolute powerhouse as a vocalist , but she needs to stop hiding behind her production team and step out center stage where she belongs!This CD is pure pop fluff and promises to be so much more than it ends up being . I expect great great things from Ms. Clarkson if she takes some risks on her next project . A very safe endeavor , indeed for an artist who , if she starts running her own show will shine like the American Idol that she could be !
 This album is a shame , namely because Kelly CAN sing . She has great range and a really nice tone , but that does little good when your songs are boring cliches , tired R&B retreads . There is n't a memorable melody in the bunch , and that 's a crime . How many times can you sing about love using the same trite language and metaphors ? This is a plague that is n't just limited to Kelly Clarkson ; most modern female R&B is stuck in a creative rut , repetitively seeing how many different modulations you can sing `` Oh baby '' in .
 Whoever told this dame she could sing ; I have several acres of swampland I 'll sell you for a great price ! And as for calling her an `` American Idol '' ? ... . Whatever happened to working long hours in two-bit clubs for a few years before you call yourself an `` Idol '' . This album reeks of amatuerism from start to finish . The songs were obviously selected by a rank amateur and sung by the same ; The Beatles would n't have lasted 5 minutes recording manure like this . Do the world a favor , Kelly , go back to waiting tables ! I spent 36 years in the studios at Parlophone Records in the UK and it 's a good thing you 're recording this junk now , because you would n't have done it during the 60 's . That 's also when bands and singers played and sang for years in dingy clubs for drunks and whores and honed their skills and actuallyE A R N E D the right , after Y E A R S of top album and single sales , to be called idols . This shrieking pimple-wit wins a half-assed video amatuer hour and seriously thinks she 's one?So Ms. Clarkson , learn to walk the walk before you talk the talk !
 OK I enjoyed the first season of `` American Idol '' and was thrilled to see Kelly win ... but now the 15 minutes of fame has gone to her head . All the songs on this third rate album sound too much like a second rate Madonna , Christina , Whitney , Celine wannabe ! And why is Kelly turning into a badly dressed , over-pierced drag queen ! What happen to the great songwriters and talented producers that were promised ! I hope the winner of Season 2 has a better first outing then Kelly ! Maybe the second album will be better ...
 This cd its all the marketing.They hyped it up.Kelly is a goodsinger.But there is nothing SPECIAL about her voice.She is noBARBRA STREISAND OR LINDA EDER.SHE JUST SCREAMS THE SONGS.Thescream scares my cat.COME ON KELLY.YOU CAN DO BETTER THAN THIS!do not buy this cd
 I enjoyed listening to Kelly Clarkson sing when she was on American Idol , and still feel that she has an excellent voice . She sold out on this album . The songs that were chosen for this album were all chosen to appeal to the young age group , who will spend a lot of money on buying her album . I think she sold out ! Her voice is too powerful to do songs that do not showcase it . I would have preferred to hear her do more ballads , like `` Anytime '' . I do not feel this album is `` her '' style , and I feel that the record label wanted her to do music that would appeal to the buying public . I was let down by this album . All of the songs sound the same , and have that rough beat to them . If you are over 30 , you probably will not enjoy this album .
 There 's no denying Kelly has great vocal chops . Unfortunately , no matter how well she sings , there 's only so much she can do with material as weak and generic as this . These songs could have been given to any flavor-of-the-week pop singer . Kelly has a unique , Southern-soul voice that recalls great singers from the past like Aretha Franklin and Dusty Springfield . Given the right material , she could make an album that stands up to those artists ' classics . This is n't that album . It may sell a ton of CDs , but unless she records songs that will stand the test of time , she 's going to be just another quickie pop star . She deserves better .
 I was very excited to hear Kelly Clarkson 's debut album , `` Thankful . '' I was VERY disappointed ! I have read many of the other reviews on this album , and I am starting to wonder if I have the same album as everyone else . How can anyone say that this album is great ? She ruins every song on this album -LRB- except `` Miss Independent '' -- which is the only reason I gave this album two stars -RRB- by desperately struggling to hit every note on the scale . KELLY , we already knew you could sing from American Idol , so why do you feel the need to oversing all of the songs ?? There 's only one person that can do that and get away with it and that 's Mariah Carey . So do n't try to be something you ca n't be . Anyways , I thought she was an awesome singer on American Idol , but this album is NOTHING like that . Do n't waste your money on it ! You 'll be `` thankful '' if you do n't !
 Okay , I will admit to being a huge fan of Kelly Clarkson . Finally there is a star who can actually sing live ! American Idol was a great stepping stone for her , but I 've been waiting for months now to hear what direction the record company would take her , and YUCK ! The album is not what I expected in the least ... . it 's a mix of Christina Aguilera discards ... . Kelly has such an amazing vocal range that she seems stifled on this album ... Hopefully there will be enough support for a second album ... . and maybe the soundtrack to the movie will throw out some good singles ... . who knows ... I wish the best to Kelly and I hope she does well , but she needs to get control of her beginning career and give American and the world something that the other youngsters ca n't bring to the table ... Kelly has Raw Talent !!! Unleash it and hopefully remix some of the songs and then we will see her shine !!!
 Kelly is a great singer . I love her voice . But I only like 2 songs on this disc and those 2 songs were on the `` American Idol '' cd . I really did n't like the rest of the cd . I 'm hoping her next cd will have better songs . When she was on American Idol I really liked it best when she was singing older songs . I think a cd of remakes by Kelly would be great .
 What a disappointment . As a big fan of Kelly Clarkson on the American Idol show , I was excited for her CD to be released . Not only is the music selection `` me too '' for hip hop/soul , but the mixing was totally out of balance . I could hardly hear her great voice over the loud instrumentation . What 's the point of having a talent search for someone with talent and originality when she 's just going to be forced to be a wannabe Christina Agulera , etc. . I still think she 's one of the most talented voices out there . She just needs to have a more talented producer .
 I have listened , and re-listened , and re-listened to this album in hopes of seeing a glimpse of the adorable woman who captured our hearts last summer.Sadly , it is not to be.I had hoped to hear something akin to the bluesy songs Kelly chose to perform on the show last year , bringing back raw rootsy american music into the mainstream . Instead , the recycled sound of the worst type of pop filters through my stereo speakers.For those who believe that there is no such thing as `` good '' pop music , I suggest you re-listen to The Beatles `` Abbey Road '' , to Ben Harper 's `` Burn to Shine '' , and to U2 's `` Joshua Tree '' all fine examples of the best pop -LRB- okay , maybe it 's a stretch to call Harper `` pop '' but he did receive quite a bit of radio airplay -RRB- has to offer.To those searching for a little bit of soul in pop music , I suggest you forget about Kelly Clarkson 's debut , and check back for her next effort . Her voice is beautiful -- perhaps next time her producers will actually create something worthy .
 This cd is ok.KELLY IS NOT SUPERSTAR status.I would not recommend this cd.Kelly needs a vocal coach.She a karoake singer.Poor arrangements , MISS INDEPENDENT is awful.This albumis too bland.Nothing special about it .
 I was looking forward to getting this cd that I popped it in my cd changer for the road . 1 minutes into listening to the the first song I starting to scan through all the tracks ... I ALMOST FEEL ASLEEP . Kelly 's voice is so powerful when she was singing other 's people 's songs but oh the songs on her own cd are soo boring and had no dimensions . All the songs sounds the same , mellow , and outdated . So sad how a cd with such notable names backing it up is so bland and unexciting . Maybe its just me but I am usually open to broad range of music ... but somehow I could n't get into this one . Oh well ... I guess I was just so dissapointed I had to write an input .
 I would prefer a Hilary , Christina , Mandy , Britney , or a Jesdsica cd any day ... Clarkson has no breath control and really ca n't carry a tune , besides the songs here are not very good in my opinion .
 I had expected this to be really great after waiting so long.But as you listen to the tracks they are so generic that you can attribute them immediately to the other singers who 's style they represent.Kelly has absolutely no style of her own ... just sings what is in front of her . No major complaints about her voice it 's quite good except really ... no style whatsoever.I wanted to like this cd , I really did.It was a huge disappointment . I would be surprised if she comes out with another one right way . I am hoping Guarini does better , his voice was just as good and he definitely has style of his own . Grey however ... sounds oddly tinny on the track on the Clarkson album .
 How can anybody that listens to good music give this album more than one star ! The only good song on this terrible album is , `` A moment like this '' . All the other tracks are AWFUL !!!!!!!! I listen to all kinds of music and I remember Kelly on AI and thought she had a good voice . I borrowed this album from my nieces and was shocked after I listened to it . Did she get a voice coach to tell her that she needs to scream more , because that is what people want to hear ? I have to admit I do not usually listen to Christina A. , Britney S. or any other young no talent singers . I really liked Kelly on the show AI , but the lyrics and singing on this album are AWFUL !!!!!!!! Buy Norah Jones instead - MUCH MUCH BETTER !
 I am very thanful that we are able to listen to samples . I did not think that she should have won last year , and this cd did not change my mind . There is nothing in these songs or her voice that will carry her past this first cd . Bring on the next winner so her time will be over .
 This cd is all hype.KELLY CANT SING.ALL THE REVIEWS REVIEWINGTHANKFUL ARE BOGUS.They probably had record company people hyping up this cd.DONT BUY THIS.KELLY SCREAMS on this cd.She cantsing.This cd is produced by amatures.BUY CLAY AIKENS CD INSTEAD.HE IS VERY GIFTED AND HAS AN INCREDIBLE VOCAL RANGE.KELLY HAS NO TALENT!BUY THE VERY BEST OF CHER CD INSTEAD.Dont buy this cdTHANKFUL.ITS ONE OF THE WORST CDS EVER PRODUCED.AWFUL , AWFUL , AWFUL .
 i have to say that kelly 's voice is beautiful , and she 's very pretty , but if u listen to her songs on this album , it makes it sound like America chose the wrong person to be idol . i like miss independent and low and anytime , but the rest are like totally bogus . the rest of the songs i did n't list sound almost the same . i could n't remember which one was what 's up lonely , some kind of miracle , and just missed the train because they had the same type of rythym . so if i were you and thinking about buying kelly 's album , i 'd totally forget it !
 The voice is without a doubt fantastic . And many , including myself , have waited with eager anticipation for Kelly Clarkson 's album debut . I have listened to `` Thankful '' several times now and have wanted desperately to enjoy it ... to perhaps discover some hidden nuance I had not noticed before . The voice is still unbelievable . Unfortunately , there is no unique musical expression here to match Clarkson 's unique and incomparable vocals . The entire project is yet another meticulously and coldly-crafted generic Hollywood product . In addition , there is a lot of unnecessary volume and noise here.If you reflect over the past 30 years and re-experience a legendary female pop vocal project like Carole King 's `` Tapestry '' ... and hear King joyfully pounding out the opening chords of `` I Feel the Earth Move '' , you know , even with King 's untrained and sometimes marginal vocals , something truly magical and monumental is unfolding . I do n't sense a great deal of sincerity or personal experience behind the songs on `` Thankful '' nor an attempt to inject the project with a style of sound which most appeals to or compliments Kelly Clarkson.I was hoping against hope that with the high degree of natural talent which is present here , someone ... namely Clarkson herself , would have chosen songs -LRB- or co-wrote a few -RRB- which were not so completely generic and mainstream . Unfortunately , with few exceptions , this project sounds like half a dozen others and could have been accomplished by half a dozen other diva pop stars who had a month to spare in the studio . I still have great hopes for Clarkson ... she needs to exert more control over the next album and in the words of the infamous Idol judges `` make it her own ! ''
 A big fan of Kelly 's from last season 's show and I 've been looking forward to her much-delayed cd . That said , there are five songs that I kind of enjoy -LRB- Anytime , Miss Independent , Low , Just Missed the Train , You Thought Wrong -RRB- . The other five are complete filler . The album as a whole seems to be a lot of fluff that has no particular feeling to it . And the bonus tracks were a complete waste of time . Not sure why they could n't have included `` Stuff Like that There '' or something that would have been a true bonus . Just too many ballads , too much over-sweet filler . Just very , very bland . They should have put more effort into a cohesive cd instead of wasting her energy on what will likely be one of the worst movies of 2003 . Not sure if this is a good sign for future Idol contestants , but I 'm hopeful that Kelly will rebound from this and re-remind us why we voted for her in the first place .
 If this album goes to number one , which it probably will , it truly be `` the day the music died '' . American Idol is not about finding that diamond in the rust . It 's a strategic corporate marketing strategy to sell records . Kelly Clarkson is the product of such strategy . What we have here in the newly crowned `` American Idol '' is the result of that stragey . A CD with zero originality , and void of any soul . Ms. Clarkson is a the perfect example of a corporate puppet . Pull the strings and she will screech the most bland , uninspired music since another made up idol -LRB- s -RRB- Milli Vinilli . Yes , Clarkson has the pipes but , that 's all she 's got going for her . It 's so sad that true musical artists will never get the kind of exposure and air play that this corporate , manufactured product will receive.As the title of cd states - Clarkson should be `` Thankful '' . The rest of us who appreciate true musical artistry and original music can only hope that Ms.Clarkson 's fifteen minutes will up very soon . I know I will be `` Thankful '' .
 This CD was a disappointment . Kelly is basically riding the coat tails of a very successful TV show . Her voice is the result of digital remastering on this CD . Although some of the tracks are decent , I was hoping for more . Miss Independent is probably the best song , but after that , you 'd be better off just listening to someone with more talent . The second season of American Idol has far better performers .
 Kelly is an excellent singer and her range is amazing . The talent is there , but the album is horrible . All the songs sound the same . The album is bland and puts me to sleep . I am so dissapointed that they could n't write better songs for such a talented singer . It seems as though the losers of American Idol benefit more than the winners do . Justin Guarini 's album is better -LRB- and I do n't even like him that much -RRB- , Tamyra is getting to work with babyface and other great songwriters/producers . plus , she is on Boston Public . The pattern can be seen again in the 2nd American Idol . Clay has sold more singles than Ruben already . I really like Ruben too :-LRB- . I hope they do n't have him make an album full of garbage like they did with Kelly . Kelly 's songs pretty much have the same meter , rhyme scheme , background music , and a lack of figurative language . Their is no substance to her music . It 's an album with a bunch of filler songs . Even worse , the first single is n't even good . I love Kelly but this has to be one of the worst albums i 've ever heard , other than every britney -LRB- horrible voice -RRB- and jessica simpson -LRB- good voice -RRB- album there is . Christina 's -LRB- amazing voice -RRB- second album is actually pretty good . P.S. I am not comparing Kelly to Britney because Kelly has a muchhhhhhhh better voice than britney . Kelly will be around for a long time because she is extremely talented . I hope she makes better albums in the future .
 Kelly has boring generic songs on Thankful composed by hired songwriters . This album is standard over produced pop . She may be able to juice the American public for a few more years but then it will be lights out for this act . Everything associated with American Idol is hot right now and Kelly will remain popular as long as the show is . Clarkson brings nothing new to the table and would find a better home at country fairs .
 Kelly who ? Kelly , if you 're making some money now better hang on to it or invest it for the future . Bravo on ` making it ' on American idol ... what spell did you have on the voters ? Yeah , yeah ... Lee Trevino was subjected to critism when his peers commented ` you got lucky ' after winning a tournament . Lee 's come back was ... ` funny , the more I practice , the luckier I get . ' How does this apply to Kelly ? Really , Kelly , you did get lucky . No doubt about it ... lucky . I really believe she ca n't sing without yelling it and that really gets to be annoying after a bit -LRB- a very short bit -RRB- as well as there is nothing unique to the sound of her voice as compared to Jann Arden , Amy Sky , Carolyn Dawn Johnston and the list goes on . Time will tell ... in a year from now -LRB- or less -RRB- the term will be ` Kelly who ' . A short blaze in the pan ... good luck in your next endeavor !
 She shares a few writing credits , however in the land of the recording industry , this could be a line or two in a song . Clarkson 's voice is undisputable as good , yet as for talent outside of that , she fails at establishing herself as a legitimate artist outside of the `` pop realm . `` For what it is , this is an album that will barely be remembered by years end . Clarkson 's production team and slew of songwriters save her from doing the things she can not - be creative . `` Thankful '' is an album full of manufactured pop and trivial lyrics and music designed to vacuum dollars from the masses and it succeeds on that front.I gave 2 stars because she has a wonderful voice and left off 3 due to the fact that she does n't come across as an individual with something to say , for example
 I am an AI fan who could n't wait for this cd to come out . After listening to it I was seriously dissapointed and have been trying to give it away since for three reasons :1 . It 's much much much more R & B than pop2 . There are NO SINGABLE LYRICS -LRB- which is boring and no fun -RRB- - nothing catchy ! 3 . The musak behind the lyrics is , well , musak . Not interesting or dynamic at all.I like Kelly Clarkson , but as Simon might say - `` not your best performance ''
 I expected much more from this American Idol winner . Her incredible voice was showcased on the show to millions of viewers , and I thought to myself -LRB- If this girl wins , she will be the next Mariah Carey -RRB- However , I just think this album was thrown together way to fast . It has an un-inspired feeling when listening it . I think Kelly Clarkston should consider writing some lyrics of her own , and chosing some songs that showcase her vocal range.She has talent , but it is just not being shown in the right ways on her first disc . Of course there are some catchy tunes here `` Miss Independent , '' and `` Low '' are the strongest songs here -LRB- coincendentally the first two singles -RRB- and the rest sounds like filler . Maybe and hopefully her follow-up will be more inspired , and more thought-out .
 I followed the first season of American Idol religiously . I did n't miss an episode . The whole time I loved Kelly . -LRB- even though I was cheering for Justin -RRB- I had so much respect for Kelly . She made everything her own no matter if she was singing songs from the big band era or a brand new song off Celine Dions new album . She was solid in every type of music from every time period . But I was so so so disappointed in her album . I found myself only listening to `` A moment like this '' and `` Before your love '' songs that I was already tired of . To me it did n't sound like she had her heart and soul in it . Almost as if she was just singing it to get the song recorded and over with . It was n't the same Kelly I watched and cheered on American Idol .
 Um , I hate to sound like those rude music critics , but I personally did n't care for both the album or Kelly 's image . I gave her a chance , and I feel that given the right material she could 've been an incredible change of pace in the American pop music scene . But twas not to be , I suppose . Since music is supposed to be based on the ACTUAL MUSIC , I 'll start with that . Granted , ` Miss Independent ' is a pretty good single , and a strong one too . But co-written by Christina Aguilera , it 's also nearly indistinguishable from Aguilera 's current single ` Fighter ' . I ca n't help bet be let down by this whole cd . Only ten songs are new , two are the same singles we saw come out last September ` remixed ' somehow , but that 's not what we wanted . I distinctly remember Kelly biting the hand that fed her late last year when she said that 2002 had been the year for ` being yourself , telling the labels that I 'm not going to be manufactured . ' But just looking at the cover of this cd , with her nosering airbrushed out for better record sales to soccer moms , it 's apparent that is n't the case . It 's just one more glossed over pop package of a cd , and for the simple fact that this was supposed to be a January release , then February , then finally being pushed back to late April , I really expected a lot more . Twelve new songs , written by Clarkson . ... , she won the national contest , she needs to try harder in my mind . And ` From Justin To Kelly ' ? Let me tell you , THAT 'LL push her career right over the edge into that nice land of ` overpolished , label made , product ' . I guess this is goodbye , Kelly Clarkson .
 Angels of Heaven who sing the strains of the ethereal tone , forgive me
 I consider myself a big Kelly Clarkson fan , but this album is a huge disappointment . The only song I enjoyed listening to was `` Just Missed The Train '' . She is an awesome performer live , but this studio stuff is just total junk . The music and lyrics range from awful to average . The production and arrangements are just horrid.Hopefully , they will let her pick her own songs next time -LRB- I can only hope she did n't pick these -RRB-
 As an avid supporter of Kelly Clarkson during her run on American Idol -LRB- I voted for her numerous times -RRB- , it was with great expectations that I listened to her debut album . Even Simon himself promoted it as `` unbelievable '' a few weeks ago on American Idol 2 . After listening to the album I can honestly say that I am truly disappointed . Out of the 10 new tracks -LRB- the album has 12 tracks , the last two being supposed remixes of her previously released singles ; the remixes are subtle -RRB- , there are 3 -LRB- maybe 4 -RRB- songs worthy of a repeat listen . The remaining songs are standard adult contemporary fare perfectly suited for the `` easy sounds '' radio stations . `` Miss Independent '' is about as edgy / `` poppy '' as she gets.The variety of the music is sorely lacking and all songs start to sound the same by the time the album ends . Granted , she has an astounding singing voice but the long notes and borderline `` wailing '' gets to be a bit much . Many times her voice gets lost in the music and it is difficult to hear the lyrics . A lot of over-production . Based on this album alone , I will not spend any more money on efforts put forth by this young woman . If I were a record executive , and this was a demo album by an aspiring artist , there would be nothing here that would prompt me to sign the artist to a contract . There is nothing special here and the album has a minimal repeat listening value .
 I was really expecting a great cd . I heard Miss Independent and was really looking forward to the rest of the cd . If I want that type of quality for a whole cd , then I guess I will have to stick to Christina . It is n't a terrible cd , just not a great one . Her vocals are good , which become great with studio touchups , but the songs are just boring and lacking .
 Winner of the biggest talent show of all time , American Idol , Kelly Clarkson has arrived with her first full-length album entitled Thankful.The first single from Clarkson 's LP will be `` Miss Independent , '' which is co-written by producer Rhett Lawrence and Christina Aguilera . The song was originally written for Aguilera 's 2002 CD Stripped but not included in the final set.Three other songs on `` Thankful '' are co-written by Clarkson and producer Kenneth `` Babyface '' Edmonds
 I got this cd not because I liked the songs `` A Moment Like This '' or `` Before Your Love '' -LRB- which bored me to death after 2 listenings -RRB- , but because her song `` Miss Independent '' was fun and catchy . Ok , the rest of the album lies with and includes the 2 previously mentioned songs , and `` Miss Independent '' is the only semi-fast song on the disc . The rest are slow , draggy , screechy , and boring . If you liked `` Miss Independent '' DO N'T buy this disc , for your own good . However , if you liked not that one , but `` A Moment Like This '' and `` Before . . '' , you 'll probobly like the rest . Not recommended . I gave mine away after the first time I listened to it .
 this is just more of the same assembly line fluff music with no emotion it has to do with looks rather than substance.i 'm so sick of this music for the last ten or so years when will it end?if i could give it a zero rating i would
 I love Kelly Clarkson 's voice . But ... whoever is producing her should be fired for making her sing these lousy songs . I really think she needs better music to survive in this industry . I honestly do n't think this album will get much airtime on the radio and I suspect she may fade off into obscurity like other `` made for tv '' musicians -LRB- o-town , and the group from pop stars , for example -RRB- . I would love to see someone write songs for Kelly like they do for Faith Hill . At any rate , I think this album stinks ... and it 's a shame . She 's too talented for this and the stupid movie with Justin .
 I was looking forward to Kelly 's CD since before she won American Idol , I thought she would show the same diversity she showed on the show . I was hoping she would be unique and not follow in the lines of Christina Aguilera and the like . What a big letdown this cd was for me , I would have rather heard her sing more of the songs she sang on American Idol . The instrumentals seemed too loud almost overpowering her voice . I just hope Justin stays true on his cd and hopefully Kelly 's next one will be more like the Kelly we watched and loved .
 Fans of American Idol , like myself , probably were responsible for sending this album to the top of the charts by a ton of preorders , as well as swarming music stores to buy the album . However when I eagerly plugged my copy of this CD into my CD player on the way home from the music store where I had reserved mine I noticed something sorely lacking in this album
 A year in the making and dozens of producers and songwriters . The result is entirely mediocre . Granted , there are some standouts that are radio-friendly such as the Christina co-penned `` Miss Independent '' but rest is pretty much lacking in any memorable hooks , the elusive element so many pop divas live and die by . It 's quite obvious that all these stellar 5 star reviews are coming from naive teens who have grown up on a steady diet of corporate muzak and ca n't appreciate how bland and predictable music has become . Her voice is efficient but lacks the nuance and depth of other more seasoned singers . One wonders with material this boring whether she will be given an opportunity to develop after the onslaught of AI finalists all scramble for their bit of pop stardom .
 I PREORDERED KELLY 'S CD , COULD N'T WAIT , THIS CD IS NOT WORTH THE WAIT OR MONEY , I THREW IT OUT IN THE TRASH , NEVER AGAIN
 Not much to say about this pile of rubbish . It sounds like every other CD that is fit for pre-teen girls . Everything has the feel of super-slick studio production , which gives it a synthetic , fake vibe . American Idol really does a great job at promotion though , almost convincing us that this trash is in actuality a treasure .
 You know how some cs 's only have one or two good songs , well this one has NONE , every song really sucks ... okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister.Kelly Clarkson in my opinion is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have looks but no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went on the show .
 okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister . Kelly Clarkson in my opinion is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have looks but no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show
 okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister . Kelly Clarkson in my opinioon is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have UGLY looks & no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show.Was this review helpful to you ? I think that it was , is the media helpful to you . The media makes you buy this cd even though you do n't want to .
 This girl is just another Mariah Carey wannabe . Yeah she has a good voice , but that aint enough these days . She doesnt have the range in her voice that Mariah does , but I admit she has a good voice but her songs are total garbage . Her sound would be closer to Celine Dion being strangled or something . Fact is , if she had any REAL talent she wouldnt have needed to go onto American Idol to be noticed . Give her 3 months and nobody will even remember who she is .
 okay ... umm ... this is beyond bad !!!!!!!!!!!!! Well when I thought things could n't get worst . Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world 's dumdest fake brunette . I 've never liked Kelly Clarkson -LRB- then , why am I reviewing this -RRB- and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister . Kelly Clarkson in my opinion is like the ulimate snob . when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have looks but no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself . She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show
 Someone gave me the cd and I really do n't like it !
 If you like Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears , then this is `` THE CD '' for you . But if you like music , you should know better than giving this cd more than 2 stars ! Shure , she might sing cleen , most vocalists do ! Follwing the Britney/christina formula and succeeding ... To be continued !
 I was given this CD by my mother who likes Kelly Clarkson , and can not stand her voice . The overwrought trills she tries to pull off are laughable . Her voice may be decent , but nothing special . There is no power behind it just yelling .
 * yawn * I was never a Kelly fan , and her album justified my reasons for not liking her even more.So what is she ? R&B ; or wannabe pop ? The album will never tell . `` Miss Inpdendent , '' although a catchy song , is just Miss Christina Aguiler 's leftovers and does n't deserve the publicity it 's getting.RCA is just trying to turn Clarkson into a generic pop machine , make her into a Britney Spears although this will never happen . There is nothing traditionally sexy about Clarkson and I ca n't see her making a mark like Spears did . First album was successful , so ? She won a contest , got lots of publicity , hence the reason she sold quite a few albums . She 'll die off so fast in a couple months people will be saying , `` Kelly who ? `` Buy Clay 's cd instead .
 When i bought the album , i was really expecting great upbeat overwhelming talent like `` Before your love '' or `` A moment like this '' but unfortunately , this was n't so . Kelly Clarkson resembles Lucy Woodward or Jennifer Love Hewitt in most of her songs . The only difference
 if your thinking about buying this - DONT ! i made a huge mistake getting it , and i love kelly . although natural woman is a great track , its not worth $ 30 when you can download it for free - and the rest of the cd is japanese ! at least clay aiken 's import was in english -LRB- and the bonus was a bit better -RRB- since some of the other tracks on thankful arent that great , dont waste 30 $ on this , buy something else of kelly 's thats priced reasonably , or better yet , buy something of clays !
 This album is just awful . `` A Moment Like This '' is clearly your everyday , generic , mushy gooshy , crappy love song .
 Do n't waste your money on this if the record label says Renaisance ! Your old vinyl LP with out do the sound quality of this CD scratches and all . What a sad state for this great record to end up ! My friend Joe L tried to warn me . He said `` if Renaisance ca n't get the master tapes , they 'll use vinyl or even an old cassette tape . make a crop copy , and sell it as a remaster '' . I had to turn it off by the second track , the ringing in my ears from the awful sound of this copy gave me a headache that lasted for two hours . I forgot to check the label , now I 'm out $ 20.00 ! You wo n't find this for sale on Tony Carey 's website . I 'm sure has nothing to do with this . Check the label . I guess I 'll have to shop for a good vinyl copy of this so I can just make my own rip of Some Tough City . I 'm sure my own rip will sound better than this one . I 'll give it two stars because this is a great Album . Would be four if the original label put it out . but what good is it if it hurts your ears ?
 I have return these 2 for credit - it was the wrong Gary Nichols - sorry
 These are good videos , no doubt . Hype Williams was a big influence for people like Paul Hunter and Little X . But this whole set is disappointing and predictable . Why must he give us the videos that we 've all seen a million times before and can still see today on BET or MTV ? How many times have we seen TLC 's `` No Scrubs '' and Jay-Z 's `` Big Pimpin ' '' ? Where 's all of the lesser-known works like Jay-Z 's `` Ca n't Knock the Hustle ? '' Where 's R. Kelly 's `` I Ca n't Sleep Baby -LRB- remix -RRB- '' ? Lin ` Que 's `` Let It Fall '' ? Any Missy videos ? I was geeked to see Wu-Tang Clan 's `` Can It Be All So Simple '' but was upset because they cut the preview of the `` Wu-Tang Clan Ai n't Nuttin ... '' video with `` coming soon '' shown at the bottom . And the interview with Hype was pretty dull . You 're better off taping these videos off the TV ; at least then you 'll get the uncensored version of `` No Scrubs '' -LRB- they block out the `` a '' and `` h '' words on here -RRB- .
 Im very disappointed with this company service . I have yet to recieve my product . I ordered it about 3 weeks ago and counting .
 Sounds to me like their audience was waning so they added some cheesy modern death metal elements which is really sad . Combining this generic death metal garbage with the classic macabre sound just does not work . Very disappointing.Check out their 93 cd Sinister Slaughter . That 's a masterpiece .
 I cant believe that some people here love this album . This album is pure garbage . 24k was nice though . I have the bootleg and 24k was a nice album but Chain Reaction is pure garbage and dissapointing . The beats are weak and even the Swizz Beats produced songs are weak . I like Cuban Link his mixtapes are hot stuff but Chain Reaction is wack as hell . Im going to give away my CD to the salvation army .
 This CD and another by the same artist will not play in my CD player which does n't read CD-R 's . When I play it in a boom box it will work . The songs just do n't appeal to my children or our youth group . The song lyrics are well written but the tunes themselves are not catchy to the kids . They seem to like Colin Buchannan 's Aussie Praise collection much better . Amazon does n't sell it but cbd.com does . Great Effort though by this couple .
 This is the WORST amazon purchase I have ever made . Typically they are so reliable but this was not the case.The CD came in a clear cd case with no paper insert telling us the song names , etc. . AND IT WAS SCRATCHED !!! What a waste of money . I am so disappointed .
 I ordered this CD and `` Scripture Rock '' because reviews strongly implied it was the same folks who made `` Schoolhouse Rock '' . It 's not the same people at all ! This music is awful ! I really wish that I had checked the credits more closely before I wasted my money on this worthless drivel . It 's not even useful for Bible study because my daughter refuses to listen to it at all ! Shame on whoever is responsible for marketing these CDs . Now that I have looked more closely , the supposed connection between these CDs and `` Schoolhouse Rock '' is clearly trickery by those who stand to profit from `` Scripture Rock '' . Depception is shameful and un-Christian . And on top of that , the music is terrible .
 I hate to say it , but I was very disappointed with this and the other two releases from The Brooklyn Cowboys . I am a huge fan of Walter Egan 's solo projects and of his work in his surf band The Malibooz . In my opinion , his 1999 solo album `` Walternative , '' with its eclectic mix of musical styles , is nothing short of a masterpiece . But this album just lacks any appeal for me . Song titles like `` Wishful Drinking '' lead me to believe that this album had potential , but the instrumentation is less than inspiring and the vocals also leave something to be desired.If , like me , you are interested in this album because of a love for the music of Walter Egan , you might want to think twice . My advice for the Egan fan
 This band does nothing that has n't been done before , and better , by many other bands . I was disappointed and would not recommend this CD to my friends . Maybe this is what passes for `` country '' music in Brooklyn but here in Texas it 's just noise .
 I did not receive this dvd I got a cd instead I did receive a refund
 Very disappointed since I was hoping to have received the original extended version of 16 minutes that is totally instrumental . Please try and acquire it for me and kepp me informed of your search effort -LRB- s -RRB- . There is well established Latin music houe or store in Amsterdam , New York that could have it . Thanks .
 This CD and another by the same artist will not play in my CD player which does n't read CD-R 's . When I play it in a boom box it will work . The songs just do n't appeal to my children or our youth group . The song lyrics are well written but the tunes themselves are not catchy to the kids . They seem to like Colin Buchannan 's Aussie Praise collection much better . Amazon does n't sell it but cbd.com does . Great Effort though by this couple .
 This is what bothers me . These records companies and bands are retarded . The cd does n't have the full concert . They could have added those two songs that were on the dvd . Give me a break .
 Please spare us all record company world . I love the Used , but u could n't give us at least 1 new song ? There has to be songs out there that were previously recorded on the 1st 2 cds that didnt make the final cut , no b-sides ? no covers ? They had a live dvd from their last cd too . I feel bad for the rest of the guys left in the band . I hope they stop charging ppl to be in thier fan club after this . Any must have fan out thier all ready has this .
 Trash . If you 're looking for typical VP style , it 's not here . It 's a rock lp rated `` zero '' . I own the vinyl bought it at Woolworth 's in the 80 's for 50 cents of wothless quarters .
 this album makes me sick . if you think the cover is bad , wait till you hear the music !!! especially the food songs !!! this album appeared after -LRB- ugh -RRB- Ca n't Stop The Music and this is just plain sad . they should of just gone away !!! but no ... they have to come back to a world that no longer likes disco , with a new IMAGE !!! the new image looks like a cross between a Shakespeare character and a pimp . and all that face paint !!! oh yeah ... the music . 5 ' O clock in the morning is ok . but the rest ??? blech ! Big Mac ? Jungle City ? Diet ? Fireman ? Food Fight ? i guess they lacked all the top-notch producers and went to writing their own songs . even if your a village people fan , do n't get it . if you are looking for something really stupid and you need a laugh . go for it .
 If MTV was smart , and they used to be , along with funny , relevant , and entertaining -LRB- they even played music videos all the time ! -RRB- It was on all day in my house , and you could always count on the VJs passing along some wacky facts , or artists dropping by who could actually speak coherently . Anyway , MTV could make their massive video catalog available to the public . You could browse online and choose the videos you wanted , pay $ 2 - $ 3 each and MTV would either create a custom DVD for you and send it out , or you could download them and make your own DVDs . I would gladly pay to have several DVDs that contained only the videos I wanted . And there are about 100 I want , just off the top of my head.As it is , I am happy to watch my old and fading copies made back then and occasionally catch an old great on VH1 Classic , rather than have someone else pick out 10 videos , 4 of which I may want , the rest I do n't . This one did nothing for me . Luckily it was a gift . I never would 've bought it for myself .
 I rate this 2 stars because it is just not enough to make me happy , I want more!Why is it so hard to find classic 80 's mucic videos on DVD ? The few collections that are out there are not enough . I 'm begging you MTV , please release some really nice definitive collections that include the great songs that were always on when you were the greatest channel on TV . My memories of the 80 's almost always include the time I spent watching MTV all hours of the day and night . I remember waiting and waiting for my favorites to come on . Eurythmics , Adam Ant , Men at Work , Thomas Dolby , Flock of Seagulls and Duran Duran . MTV introduced me to New Wave and made me crave it and now they keep it from me . I know that the cost of paying royalties probably has something to do with the lack of product out there . There must be someway of creating these collections.I have an idea about a format that I would like to see . How about making a documentary about each year and talking about the trends and the music that MTV helped to establish and have the full unedited version of the top 15 or 20 videos from that year . You have already done something like that on VH1 with the `` I Love the 80 's '' series . You could just concentrate on the music more and leave out the movies and historical events . You could interview the original VJ 's and even bands themselves . VH1 has done a show where they try to reunite bands , this only makes me want to see the original videos even more . The demand is there MTV , when will you supply ? Ok , if you wo n't do the documentary thing , just release the videos in seperate volumes for each year.It just seems unfair that I can own every episode of my favorite TV shows from the past but I ca n't watch or own the music videos that were so much a part of my life . I WANT MY MTV !!!! -LRB- the way it used to be -RRB- So there it is , I 'm hoping that some big shot from MTV will see this and start working on putting the history of the first Music television channel on DVD so that the people who witnessed their birth can relive those times again by watching the videos that made MTV what it is today .
 I love the 80 's , have a huge collection , used to host a 80 's music radio show , and have a fairly large video collection . This DVD stinks . First its one of those funny discs that wont play in every player . Second , titles , if I pay this much for music videos I want them clean . And third the quality is poor . I have most of these songs elsewhere and the quality there is much better . I know that video quality in the 80 's was n't always the best , this DVD is worse than the originals . Its a nice collection , but save the cash and buy it on VHS instead .
 The idea of classic 80 's videos being available on DVD is great , but this is n't worth getting .
 IF YOU SEEM TO LIKE THIS DVD.THERE IS A BETTER ONE OUT THERE.THE -LSB- MTV-20 COLLECTION DVD -RSB- YOU GET 4 DVD 'S FOR AROUND THE SAME PRICE AS THIS ONE!AND YOU GET SONG 'S OF ROCK , POP , LOVE AND R&B ; OF THE EARLY 80 'S AS WELL AS EARLY 90 'S . I RATHER HAVE 4 DVD 'S THEN 1 FOR THE SIMILER CONTENT & PRICE !!! -LCB- ROME , NEW YORK : HOME OF WOODSTOCK 1999 -RCB-
 I found these performances lacking in the passion and drive I think this music demands.I remain unclear about both the numbering and edition of the sonatas recorded .
 This CD-KC 's greatest hits has about only 5 songs that were hits . The sound quality is poor . Sounds like the singing was recorded in a tin can . The songs sound like they were recorded in a low budget bar . It 's all mono tone and parts are ad-lib singing , not original hits from a studio . This CD is not re-mastered , it 's more like re-disastered .
 I found this CD mind-numbingly boring to the nth degree and supremely wish I 'd never squandered my money on such a monotonous , repetitious , and excrutiatingly irritating rendetion of a piece of music which needs no such affectatious imbellishment ! The addition of these words actually reduces the pleasure received from listening to the piece unadorned -LRB- ie , it was like fingernails on a blackboard -RRB- .
 The sound quality is horrendous , Mana make a lot of money off there fans I could not believe my ears . I end up play the cd and the videos Simultaneously to be happy.A live concert DVD is needed MANA .
 Wilhelm Kempff was without doubt one of the greatest pianists of the twentieth century - his Schubert is peerless , for instance . He also composed , and given his reputation as a pianist it is understandable that some will be interested in his compositional output as well -LRB- I was -RRB- . Not to put a too fine point on it , I think Kempff 's reputation would be best served if we continued to focus on his piano playing . His compositions are not entirely without any trace of originality - that is not the problem . It is rather that they are rather thin on content and somewhat clumsily put together . The style is essentially a kind of post-romanticism mixed with something resembling a neo-galant style ; quirky , but aimless and unimaginative.Ein Totentanz is a piano concerto in suite form , consisting of nine brief or relatively brief movements with classical headings and elements of classical form , employing a male chorus in the final movement . There seems to be virtually no attempt at structural coherence , and the themes and ideas are shallow , short-breathed and dull - the writing for piano is accomplished ; the orchestration is not . I guess I managed to sit through it , but nothing in particular captured my attention or imagination.The two suites are cast in more or less the same style - drawing on the galant style but eschewing embellishment and elegance for bleak austerity . I guess the Arcadian Suite has a certain atmosphere nonetheless but the Positano suite is little more than ruminative gestures and hints of angst without any real ideas developed -LRB- or ideas to develop -RRB- . I guess the Munich SO does a decent job under Werner Andreas Albert -LRB- the strings are somewhat scrappy -RRB- and R&uuml;diger Steinfatt is decent enough in the Totentanz . The sound is acceptable but a little murky . In the end , then , this is a release strictly for the specialist .
 Just look at some of the reviews for this or any of their other blu ray discs
 I bought three of this company 's Blu-rays ... save your money and get the CD . Better yet , get an SACD version for real high-quality sound . I have `` Tchaikovsky Piano Concertos Nos. 1 & 3 , '' `` Bach Orchestral Suites No. 1 , 2 & 3 , '' and `` Vivaldi Four Seasons '' in these discs . None will play in my Samsung Blu-ray player with the latest firmware . All play in my Panasonic . The sound quality is no better than standard quality 5.1 surround ; in fact , I suspect they just copied the material from a standard 5.1 version . There 's very little sound in the rear channels and virtually no separation . Sounds like stereo . Save your money , these are a rip-off .
 When I saw this and other titles from the same seal at amazon , I just wanted to buy them all , but first I decided to give it a try with the Rachmaninoff concertos . When I received it I was surprised by the bad quality of the cover , like if it was scanned from the original and printed or copied in -LRB- very -RRB- low resolution . The booklet inside was just a single page with no more information than the one shown in the editorial review . The BR disc did n't seem original to me , it really looked like a cheap copy -LRB- even the pirate copies you find in some country look better -RRB- . When I tried to watch it with my Sony BR disc player -LRB- which plays almost everything -RRB- I could hear only the sound -LRB- in stereo , no 5.1 or 7.1 -RRB- , an a message indicating this is a AVCHD MPEG format , not a blu ray original . I tried everything but I could n't get any video images , and for good sound , it 's not worth it . I have enough good original CDs from those concertos.So I sent the item back to amazon and asked for a refund . Maybe other copies work but mine did n't . I wonder why would amazon sell these bad copies instead of originals .
 I have bought 3 titles from this company ; 1 HDDVD and 2 blu ray . The HD DVD and one of the BD were awful . Though they are 7.1 surround , it seems that original `` master '' could have easily been from an 8 track . The second BD was not even recorded correctly thus it was unusable , the audio was like a 45 RPM disc playing at 33RPM and the video portion did not even work . From the many different music BD 's -LRB- > 20 -RRB- ranging in genre from opera to rock and roll that I have purchased this is the only label that I would rate as utter trash . Again DO NOT BUY ANY RECORDINGS FROM ACOUSTIC REALITY EXPIRIENCE , they are a complete and utter rip-off . Avoid this label like the plague . Caveat Emptor .
 I have received two copies of this recording and both were missing the same short -LRB- 20 sec -RRB- section of the Concerto # 3 . Amazon would not replace it a second time , so I kept it since my main interest is the Concerto # 2 . There may be a flaw in one batch of discs - BUYER BEWARE . Listen to it all the way through before you keep it if you want more than the Concerto # 2 . In all fairness , I must say the sound of the recordings was outstanding . However , I consider an incomplete recording , none at all .
 I bought this and another Acoustic Reality Experience disc , both supposedly Bluray , at the same time . I had bought one other previously -- the Grieg Piano Concerto -LRB- along with other Grieg works -RRB- ; it was a great disc , and included visuals along with the music.I was surprised , puzzled and disappointed when I finally got these in the mail and discovered a sticker on the Wagner disc which said , `` This is not bluray ; this is a DVD-R and will not play in bluray players , only in regular DVD players . '' WTF ?!? I called customer support and they did n't even understand the issue -LRB- I called both customer support of Amazon and of the third party who actually sold the disc , which by the way was used and they had not specified that in the listing -RRB- Anyway , they said I should try the disc to see if it worked and assured me I could return it if unhappy even though I had opened it , so I did . The Wagner worked fine -LRB- no nice visuals this time -RRB- ; the Rachmaninoff disc , also a DVD-R , but without that same warning sticker on the outer wrapper , was badly marred on the playing side and neither of my two Bluray players even recognized it as a disc , so I am returning it.I was unaware that it was possible to encode DTS HD Master Audio on to a DVD rather than a Bluray , but I guess it is , since the Wagner worked . My issue with this is threefold
 This disk was n't really what I expected . The performance itself was good , not outstanding , I 've heard better recordings , but it 's still very good . There are enough other reviews on that.The disc surprised me though in that it 's not a professional pressing . What you get is a BD-R , a recordable disc just the same as you could produce in your own PC , with a printed paper label stuck to it . I 'd guess that is responsible for some of the compatibility problems reported , I know sometimes I have to insert it multiple times in my own player before it will recognize the disc although after that I do n't have problems playing it.As for the audio quality and the surround effect
 1 -RRB- This DVD has no video .2 -RRB- The 3rd concerto stops dead in the 2nd movement3 -RRB- The performance -- what there is of it -- is adequate but unexceptional4 -RRB- Being a video-less blu-ray DVD , it can not be played on a decent sound system with a CD playerIn short , this is shovel-ware , and a complete rip-off .
 Will not play on my new LG BD-370 Blu-ray player , After downloading upgrade from LG , still will not play , returned DVD .
 The disc sent to me was rejected by the Blue-ray player with the message
 I bought this item from Newbury Comics and it did n't play in my PS3 or in SONY blu-ray player . I send a message from Newbury Comics asking what I can do , but i did n't receive contact from them . I purchased in the same date a Blu-ray from Hissarlikway -LRB- Pinocchio -LRB- Two-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition + Standard DVD + BD Live -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- -RRB- and fuctioned perfectly.I lived in Brazil the same area of USA for blu-ray . Thanks for help , Ronaldo12/09/2009
 This Blu-rayDisc has recorded four season of Vivaldi , it not to record the Rachmaninov piano concerto ! Be careful with you to sell for internet.It te first time that you to sell my this product with problems.Juan carlos BruitOf Chile , Santiago
 Disc 2 is nearly all solos by David Hammond , with a few duets with an unidentified woman . Disc 1 is the Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem , but all these songs are on Sony discs .
 definitely not # 2 live dinner . no cool stories , nothing different than listening to the album version with some people yelling in between songs . a couple of cool solos by rich brotherton & marty muse , but other than that , save your money . i am a very long time fan and hate to have to write a poor review .
 Maazel is one of those conductors who can be called perfect professionals . Brilliant mind , brilliant ears , but the music simply dies in his hands . I saw him twice in performance . The man is dreadfully bored and ... boring . Watch Kleiber and then compare . If you want to get a great New year concert , get Kleiber and get Pretre . Perhaps Muti . Everything else is entertaining , but not special at all .
 I love this music and was looking forward to owning my own copy . It was a real shock to hear the poor quality of the recording and mixing on the album . I ca n't wait to get rid of my copy .
 Hello ... I advice everyone to hear the Rai music because it 's the best , and I 'm sure that the all will love this kind of music.About me I ca n't go to my University before listening to this music and also I ca n't sleep without hearing it.Enjoy this music and especially cheb khaled ...
 `` Very Best of '' ? OK , they 're * really * reaching on this one . There 's four or five examples of Mr Skellern 's best - most of which are available on other albums . The very successful `` You 're a Lady '' is not however on any other Skellern CD 's sold in the US and perhaps for some , just getting that one track may make the whole purchase worthwhile . Not for me . I was extremely disappointed in the remaining 14 or so tracks ; it would be bad enough if they 're were n't really his best , but unfortunately it 's much worse than that - they 're real stinkers . Do n't get me wrong , I really like Skellern 's brand of music - despite the fact that the man ca n't hold a note . He has a delightful way of reviving old classics and making them fresh again.But skip this album , there 's not enough here to justify the price tag . Maybe there 's a reason Amazon wo n't let you preview the tracks on this CD ...
 I bought this CD for You 're a Lady-a wonderful song that always pleased and haunted me . The other tracks were diluted sentimental or cmmercial for my taste although in an off-beat cabaret way they might appeal .
 The lineup of musicians , which makes it seem like an all-star extravaganza , coasts through most of this . Nicky Marrerro , Jimmy Ponder , Andy Gonzalez , and the `` who 's who '' roster of New York Latin and Soul Jazz masters fail to lift this one past mediocrity . `` St. Thomas '' and `` Montuno Merengue '' might be the exceptions , but it is clearly not enough.This is a deathtrap for the curious .
 My fellow reviewer is totally right
 Tull fans , beware ! If you want to be happy , get `` Isle of Wight '' or `` Montreux '' -LRB- young and old Tull at respective peaks -RRB- . But this mess ... oy ... It plays like a bad PBS pledge drive thingy , with uninteresting interview snippets interrupting mediocre song performances in front of a somnolent crowd . Poorly shot , poorly directed , ill conceived from beginning to end . And the supposed `` reunion '' with Mick Abrahams , Glenn Cornick , and Clive Bunker - forget it - a couple of short songs in a dingy pub where nobody in the band but Ian gets off at all . Why bother ? Trust me , if you order this you 'll hate yourself in the morning .
 What a major disappointment for me . I 've been waiting for a Tull concert DVD for years . It 's here ... I scoop it up ... and what a drag.The performances are fine . But each song is prefaced with dialog and discussion that only takes away from the concert . Plus diferent concert performances are interlaced within the same song . I guess I would enjoy the dialog , but keep it separate from the concert , for goodness sake!Then there 's the sound . I can get no sound to anything but the front left & right speakers . I have tons of music DVDs in Dolby Digital & DTS and they all send sound to all 5 speakers and the subwoofer , but not this bad boy . To me the sound is lifeless and weak . I 'm going to try to exchange it just in case I got a bad DVD , but I do n't think so . It plays fine , it just sounds dead and empty.Sorry to be so negative . Tull is my favorite band . But this DVD is a stinker !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I suggest not buying this until somebody convinces you that my experiences with the sound are all wrong ...
 This was a O.K. dvd . I thought some of the songs became very long and very tiredsome . I do n't think it is one I will watch a lot
 I think Jethro Tull fans are a bit more sophisticated and deserve a little more respect than this DVD offers . I could n't watch this without think `` Ok when 's the next silly special effect coming or are they going to switch to that cheesy outdoor concert ... '' . You ca n't listen to it because of all interviews between the songs . It 's very annoying . Why did they even attempt to but in the Brittney Spears-like effects in the first place ? It 's a concert , let them play . The thing that surprises me is that all the interviews and non-concert songs could have been put on at the end as extra bits , it 's a DVD for crying out loud , that 's what you do ! The music is WONDERFUL but seriously I ca n't say if I 'll every ` watch ' my copy again .
 I have been a Tull fan since the early seventies . That being said , I found this outing thoroughly disappointing . It features highlights from 1 concert in 2001 at the Apollo . The footage is shoddy at best , Martin Barre is shot from the side , the BACK side , and you can rarely see his fingers . Most of the shots are of Ian , and these become tedious sooner than one might like . There is footage of the reunion with the original members from 1968 that is interesting.One might think that with more than 30 years ' worth of concerts that a compilation of this magnitude might have included more
 I was so excited to get this dvd in the mail yesterday as I am a devoted Tull fan . I collected all the albums , bought the gold cd versions , went to the concerts ... I was really expecting this dvd to be a treasured part of my Tull collection . Talk about disappointment ! The visual quality is there , the conversations with the band was enjoyable but , when it came time for the band to play the sound sounded like it was coming from a tiny am radio . I plan on keeping the dvd but , its likely going to sit on the shelf in my closet and draw dust . What were they thinking when they recorded this ?!!!!!!!
 I have to say I was extremely disappointed with this DVD . The sound quality is truly awful , be prepared . I also found the videography very amatuerish , nothing special at all . When are we gon na lose that lame MTV quick editing that has been used for almost 20 years now ? Each tune has cuts of other shows interspersed within them in Black and White and really terrible video sequences which are the worst . One of the shows they used is an outdoor show that looks like Tull were playing at a half empty county fair ! ... I love the big yellow `` French Fries '' sign in the background , too bad they missed the Ferris Wheel . I did n't mind the interviews in between the tunes too much , but there is n't too much you have n't heard before . Before `` Bouree '' , Ian makes a big deal about Jonathan Noyce 's bass solo which we do n't even get to hear because they overdubbed an interview with him over it . I do n't know , maybe it was n't that great a solo after all . The 1968 Line Up reunion is an interesting , pretty mediocre performance , but once again is produced with that annoying stop-action video that you 've seen a million times . Oh , and I guess Mick Abrahams , Glenn Cornick and Clive Bunker were n't allowed to talk since there are no interviews with them . The `` Extra Features '' section is an absolute joke with 2 one-minute edits of Ian playing with Uriah Heep and Fairport Convention , about 3 minutes worth of interviews that did n't make the final cut , a 2 minute segment of Ian recording a public service announcement for DVT , and half of the song `` Beside Myself '' which can be viewed from different angles . Yeah , I woulda felt too privileged if they gave me the whole song anyway ! OK , sarcasm aside and in all due fairness there are some really good songs here and the segments of Ian playing `` Wond ` ring Aloud '' and `` Life Is A Long Song '' with a string quartet are absolutely superb . I 've been a Tull fan all my life and really hated to put down one of their projects , but I have to be honest , they could have done a much better job on this one .
 Much is said about this DVD . I must admit that i am very dissapointed with it . For me a good concert DVD should be representative of what the concert was like . A concert from start to finish and not overproduced with cheap effects , images from other concerts in between and interviews during the songs -LRB- Bouree ! -RRB- It 's a matter of taste I suppose but to give an indication of what I find excellent concert DVD 's
 I sold this dvd a few days after I bought it . I love Jethro Tull but somehow Ian Anderson thinks we want to see video effects . The small club shots are in chunky slow motion , whats the deal ? What are people thinking ? Are they trying to be artsy?Frustration ! It is alot like what the someone did with the Cream Farewell concert at the Royal Albert Hall ... video effects completely obscure seeing the band.Rent this one ... do n't buy it .
 This is what longtime Jethro Tull fans waited nearly two years for ? You 'd think with technology being what it is today , they could have made this in a 5.1 or DTS sound format . Instead we get 2.0 from a band that would have sounded superb in 5.1 . As for the video production , when will musicians and their producers realize true fans want a concert without all of the silly effects ? And do we really need interview segments after each song ? Make the interviews another segment of the DVD features.This is my all-time favorite group . Sadly , this DVD does not do Jethro Tull justice .
 Well ... where do I begin . I had a hard time rating thisdue to the fact that it STILL IS all things TULL -LRB- and how can that be bad ? -RRB- so I give it the two stars on this merit alone.The missing 3 stars are here :1 -RRB- 2.0 sound ... ? Give us a break . I am new to this DVD thing -LRB- as I always wait a few years for formats and prices to settle -RRB- but c'mon ! It is 2002 ! Was it a `` label '' decision to rush this ? I would of waited so why did n't they ? Do I just have the wrong audio option chosen ? Given that most of the material hereis from their songlist of the last 12 years , you can find better audio and performances on other audio cds .2 -RRB- The footage and film production leaves me boggled . I just ask myself ... why ? I would of been happier with raw footage and a nice mix of audio rather than being taken to soundchecksynchs and disoriented with slow motion antics . The REUNION was cool and the performances are actually quite refreshing but why oh why does it have to be brown -LRB- black ? -RRB- and white -LRB- sepia -RRB- and all that fast/slow camera angle stuff ... really detracts from something that I would of , otherwise , enjoyed .3 -RRB- Usually outtakes -LRB- sic -RRB- and `` bonus '' material should be fun andin full . NEITHER here!I was so disappointed with most of this I did n't fool with anyof the options other than what I tried so ca n't help you there.Was thinking about buying the audio cd but why do you need to republish THE ZURICH TAPES again ? The last 2 TULL cds and this DVD are just another big wakeup call for me and these labels . I simply must say one word ... greed ? ...
 I so wanted to like this DVD . I own every Tull vinyl disc and doubled-up by buying every Cd version over the years . I was looking forward to the DVD.It seems to me the Ian Anderson Group of Companies is merely trying to wring the last buck or two it can out of the Tull franchise whilst expending the least possible amount of effort.But I digress.In the cover booklet -LRB- nicely done , BTW - far surpassing the material on the DVD itself -RRB- , much fuss is made about the technical aspects of the recordings , suggesting a state of the art experience was about to unfold . Not to be , though , and the devil is in the details ... . as an example , the audio is in the older Dolby pro Logic format , not the standard Dolby 5.1 or even DTS . I have many other music DVDs and they are all 5.1 . Most modern surround sound systems in North America will not give the recordings their due because of this . -LRB- Even the worst B-movie is released in 5.1 these days . -RRB- The so-called `` bonus tracks '' merely whet the appetite , and are not full tracks at any rate . Both the Uriah Heep and Fairport Convention `` tracks '' last about 60 seconds and then fade to black . It was fascinating -LRB- albeit briefly -RRB- to listen to Heep recreate a classic hit for them , but all too short.The various interviews sprinkled throughout carry narry a single caption . Who the heck are we listening to ? Does Ian Anderson believe we all just instinctively know who everyone is ? Come on , guys ... crank up the character generator.The editing and effects sequences during the main `` concert '' part of the DVD are fairly pedestrian ... merely updated versions of the fairly cheesy VHS tapes Tull has released over the years . If anything , they reinforce the nagging feeling that the Tull concerts I attended 15 years ago are exactly the same as the concert they performed yesterday.The final straw was the `` outtakes '' section ... the last thing I want to see in a Tull DVD is a series of retakes of Anderson 's Deep Vein Thrombosis commercial . Either Ian has developed a mammothly inflated sense of his own self-importance or he has just been getting some very bad advice from his producer.We 're all aging , folks . We get it . I do n't buy DVD 's to listen to semi-ailing former rock legends flogging their pet projects -LRB- or diseases -RRB- . If Ian does a Metamucil commercial , shall we be seeing that too in a future release?Not I , I 'm afraid . After paying big-time to own the Tull collection , twice-over , plus 7 concerts over the years and countless T-shirts and spilled beers , this longtime fan has finally ceased contributing to `` The Ian Anderson Group of Companies '' . Cheerio !
 Man - this has to be one of the lamest rock concerts ever filmed.I 'm a huge fan and have seen Tull several times in the good old days -LRB- when they played music with PASSION -RRB- - but I do n't know what was worse ... the `` do n't dare get out of our seats , for we may not be able to find our way back '' crowd , or the `` make sure we play this song the same way for 20 years and try not too look like we want to blow our brains out '' band . The two acoustic songs with strings in Anderson 's living room save this DVD ... a real intimate musical moment of two great songs ... . if only there were more of that .
 What was Ian Anderson thinking.Great songs are ruined by the chatting between songs and banter in the middle of songs.A great dissapointment , Tull Fan
 Being a junkie for Kristin Hersh can be a tricky business . Inevitably rewarding but at times it 's a bit of a chore . Reading some of the reviews posted here I feel a bit cheated . Like I got a different album altogether . `` Learn To Sing ... '' has proven to be the most difficult listening in Hersh 's canon , for me . It 's bleak & depressing . That 's nothing new for her , I realize ... but it was always bathed in a radiant swirl before . The emotions conjured here end up feeling like a noxious hangover.I do n't expect her to regurgitate `` The Real Ramona '' time & again , but the gentle beauty of `` Hips & Makers '' has turned into a dizzying stream of mournful dirges . There is a very ugly sound here that even the exquisite strings on the first track can not cover-up . Her voice , also seems immersed in muck.After several listenings I 've found only `` Vertigo '' to be bearable . It would 've been a perfect title for this disc . It 's disorienting , and not in a good way.I wish I could feel as positive about this as some of the other reviewers here , but this one will be collecting dust on my shelf .
 Well first of all , I have to be perfectly honest here . I 've been away from Kristin for about 10 to 12 years . So , I put Hips & Makers in the CD player and immediately came to Amazon and purchased about $ 75 worth of Kristin Hersh 's CD 's and could not believe what I was hearing ! Trust me when I tell you , she will never top Hips & Makers . Each and every one `` Sucked '' ! Awful ! Totally washed up ! Sorry Kristin , but I 'm just telling it like it is ! I want my money back ! JMHO !
 After David Arnolds super great score for TND it was almost certain that the bond nusical tradition was going to be a reality in th 90 's , Mr Arnold had saved us from another dreadful score from Mr ' Hey lets play the soundtrack on a keyboard I bought from Dixons ' Erric Serra . I know for sure that if I ever hear that Mr Serra 's scoring another Bond film I Will strap a Tonne rock to my feet and throw myself off the Golden Gate Bridge.However , I thought That Arnold 's Score to TWINE was a great dissapointment . The reason for this is the vastly exagerrated use of elctronics , TND was mostly a very well written orchestral soundtrack with a very balanced amount of eletrical use , this is probably why it was such a success.In this case Arnold goes a bit haywire in the elctrical area with loads of synthisized beats and weird noises which get to a point when you feel you have had enough . Unfortunatly the more soft orchestral tracks like - M 's Confession - and - Elektra 's Theme - are slightly dull and leave nothing to memory.Another thing with this soundtrack which I like not is that all the action sequences are done using a fart load of electronics which are so loud that you ca n't hardly hear the orchesra accompinment and the more soft toned pieces are done using the orcestra only . I would have been supper great to have heared more tracks like - White Knight - from TND on this CD , it would have changed everything.Well , all this said the soundtrack does have the up side . The front cover is quite good and the ` Movie Trailer ' track which you use on your computer -LRB- the last one -RRB- is really cool !
 The overall quality of this soundtrack is far - very far ! - away from soundtracks like `` A view to a kill '' or `` Tomorrow never dies '' . I can only recommend the title song as being quite good to listen to ... the rest of the soundtrack is basically trash - especially if you are a fan of the music of John Barry .
 This is an almost dissapointment to David Arnolds music . The whole CD is loaded with synth music and drums which is not a really good mix . Tomorrow Never Dies was alot better that this CD . Although Tomorrow Never Dies forgot most of the music on the CD . But back to this CD , it 's missing some of the more enjoyable ques from the movie . Like when Bond and Elektra were about to go skiing . Plus the gun barrel scene from the beginning of the movie . There are only a few enjoyable ques form this CD . Such as Ice Bandits , I Never Miss , Submarine , and the akward titled Caviar Factory . There are only a few tracks that only use the orchestra . Which Arnold should have used instead of heavy synth and drums . Such examples is Submarine . Arnold should have leaned more to the Orchestra intead of heavy synth.In other words ; The World Is Not Enough , well is NOT enough !
 With all due respect to the current incarnation of the James Bond Juggernaut , as well as Mr. Arnold , where is John Barry ? I find it maddening that the powers that be over the recent Bond films have not utilized John Barry in providing the score . John Barry , as much as anything else , actors included , made the Bond Films into what they became . He produced the most memorable music for any film he was honored to work on , but none more so than for the Bond Films . No film music in history , save for the original Star Wars , has had more of an impact on modern film making than Mr. Barry 's work on the Bond films . Any Bond film that did not have a Barry score behind it has been vastly inferior , including those of the Brosnan era . Will any of these recent scores be memorable ? I think not . Mr. Arnold merely rips off Barry themes and puts then to silly techno beats , severely harming the legacy of the classic Bond scores . It is a continuing crime for not using John Barry . Hopefully , this monumental mistake and oversight will be corrected in the next film . And by the way , replace Brosnan with Lazenby ! He can still knock the socks off Brosnan 's lazy , going through the motions performance as Bond .
 Ok , I heard all soundtracks of all Bond movies ever filmed and until the time I heard this disc for the first time , I thought that no soundtrack could be worse than `` Licence to Kill '' by Michael Kamen . Man , was I wrong!Ok , basically , I have nothing against `` modern '' Bond scores as long as they are on the same level as Tomorrow never dies , but I think that this soundtrack finally marks the end of the era of the good old days.Well , what 's wrong with this soundtrack ? First of all , this is supposed to be BOND music , so where are the bare essentials ? There is no gunbarrell music , the Bond Theme that can be heard in the End Credits is missing and there are only two tracks out of 19 that contain portions of the original Bond Theme . Now , what else do you expect from a 007 soundtrack ? Of course , an original love theme . There have been great love themes in some Bond movies . Which Bond - fan does not remember `` We have all the time in the world '' or `` Bond meets Stacey '' ? Sadly , here you do n't have a real love theme at all . When listening to this CD , you somehow have the feeling like every track is different from the others , which is really bad because you think that you 're not listening to a complete soundtrack . The title song by Garbage -LRB- there could n't have been a more fitting name -RRB- and also the Bonus Track by Scott Walker are also very out of place because not a single track on the entire soundtrack picks up even one of those two songs again.All in all , I was very dissapointed . I wonder what Mr Arnold is going to do with `` Die Another Day '' ...
 David Arnold -LRB- who is greatly over-rated in my opinion -RRB- gives us another uninspired knock-off of a John Barry score . If only Arnold had half the talent of John Barry this soundtrack might be worth a listen . I understand that David Arnold ca n't read music , and relies on a -LRB- better musically educated -RRB- co-worker to actually translate his `` compositions '' into a music score . Arnold 's Bond scores are hackneyed and un-original . Adding contemporary bands like Garbage and Propellerheads -LRB- who are also as talentless as Mr Arnold -RRB- is a waste of time . Compare this garbage to Eric Serra 's wonderful soundtrack for `` GoldenEye '' and you wo n't bother to buy this lack-lustre CD . Instead of using a poor-man 's John Barry to score their movies , the Bond producers would do themselves -LRB- and the audience -RRB- a favor by hiring the real thing for their next 007 adventure .
 I thought the original 007 music was dull . Now I think I think I wasted my money on that CD
 David Arnold does have talent . He is great at mixing his themes with electronic rythem . And this is enjoyable -- To an extent . His `` Tomorrow Never Dies '' album was a much better balance of orchestral and electronic
 I think this soundtrack album is very poor because the way I review a soundtrack album is to listen to each track and mark it out of 10 . Then I take an average of all the tracks giving the final mark.I reviewed this album and gave it 4 out of 10 . The best track on the whole album is called `` Ice Bandits '' and is also featured on the single of the title song by Garbage.The worst tracks on the album are `` Casino '' and `` Ive only got my self to blame . '' They are just sad . `` Ive only got my self to blame '' sounds like a `` 50 's '' record and is not very Bond like.In my opinion it is one of the worst Bond soundtrack albums there is.David Arnold 's first soundtrack album `` Tommorow Never Dies '' I rated as 7 out of 10 under my marking scheme.This is a good soundtrack album . `` The World Is Not Enough '' is just simply rubbish and you would n't want to listen to it over and over again.NBJohn Barry is the best and knows how to produce a decent Bond soundtrack album for example `` The Living Daylights '' , `` A View To A Kill '' and `` Octopussy . ''
 I was very hurt by how bad I thought the movie and music to the new bond movie was . It was very sad . Maybe an ending to the REALLY SPY like movies . I believe that the music hurt the movie . The CD from the Soundtrack also need help and work . Out of I think 19 tracks I only found maybe 5 of them good . The last two Bond films and CD 's where much better.I undersatnd that times change but even in the film where still fighting former KGB and Soviets . There are other HOT spots in the world . I think the persons that write the story for the movie need to improve what is really happening in the Spy world today . Books like Remote Viewers The Secret History of America 's Psychic Spies and James Bamford Puzzle Palace -LRB- NSA -RRB- are great to read and give the really meaning of Spies . Where not having alot of real life things in the Bond Movies anymore . What about the NSA Echelon Project ? . Bond could have been fighting off bad guys that wanted to blow up the project in hate of NSA spying on oversea faxes , telephone , emails etc. . I 'm a son of a real former NSA R&D Army Signal Corps Officer . A former part of US Army Security Agency Support Group.questions email me nsa@ureach.com
 David Arnold is the only non-Barry composer hired to write a Bond score more than once . His previous score , Tomorrow never dies , was interesting , it brought a new sound to Bond movies , but , ah let 's face it , it 's just not right . The score for The world is not enough just proves that . It 's plain boring . Just more of the same tedious action tracks , keyboards running to and fro , wobbly sound effects all over the place ... Every track on this cd that starts promising just turns into another wall of sound , at times you 're wondering whether Arnold messed op his scores somewhere on the bus to the studios . I mean , what is he actually aiming at ? TND had some interesting tracks -LRB- like Paris and Bond and White Knight -RRB- but this album is just soooooo boring , and worse , it does not have the excellent end titles music on it , the only Bond-worthy music piece in the entire film ! -LRB- and no gun-barrel music either , whaaaaaaaaah ... ! -RRB- Producers , please get rid of this rubbish and get John Barry back , I beg you . Second choice must be Bill Conti , responsible for the UNDERRATED For your eyes only soundtrack -LRB- yes - it was disco , it was looney , but it rocked ! And it was highly suspenseful at times too -RRB- . But dump Arnold because otherwise I ca n't go on being a Bond music fan .
 Although there are some enjoyable moments , I fear David Arnold proves in this album that he is only able to recycle previous material . It is possible to sing the ` Surrender ' theme from TND over many of the tracks . ` Elecktra 's Theme ' , which is nicely performed , is uncannily similar to ` Paris and Bond ' , the love theme from TND.The album , which starts promisingly with many groovy original takes on the James Bond theme , is overall far too clich&eacute;d and becomes heavy and tedious at points when the music should be reaching a thrilling , invigorating climax to match the action . This was also proved when watching the film . Songs to note include the jazz ` Casio ' number which is nicely composed and performed . ` Come in 007 , Your Time Is Up ' , ` Access Denied ' , ` Body Double ' and ` Welcome To Baku ' are the other highlights of this album . The Garbage title track , although again not particularly inspired , is catchy enough - even if Shirley Manson sounds as if she 's being sick over the microphone . The last song ` Only Myself to Blame ' did n't even make it to the movie . After listening to the track it becomes obvious why
 A long time ago I heard the song god is in control and I though this guy was amazing . That is until I bought this CD . God is in control is the only good song . No wonder why this guy never made it .
 The reviewer from Toledo is an idiot . Pay no attention to him . This nimrod actually thinks that this album `` constitutes an actionable offense without the redeeming qualities found in Jack Sh*t 's latest hit single '' . What a dumbass!What this is , is Slicey Dice 's finest CD yet ! It seriously kicks ass ! Check out track 27 -LRB- `` Beat Dat B * tch Down '' -RRB- and listen how precise his riffs are , elegantly counterpointed against the sly scatting of Lil Prick 's syncopated falsetto dirge , taking you deeper into modern urban alienation than any rapper since Killer G. -LRB- Rest in peace , Killer , and know that your death will be avenged . -RRB- In short , if you do n't buy this album now , you 're a punk * ss little p * ssy who deserves to get slapped down hard .
 Koopsta Knicca 's cd has alot of tight beats . This is really won of the best 36 cd 's out there , it 's got the beats and the scratchin ' that just makes you want to `` Get Crunk '' as they say . But the uncrunkiest thing was that all the cuss words in the songs are all sratched out ! WHAT 'S THE BIZ ?
 I heard great things about this cd . however when i popped it in my player the 1st song was edited . i thought this must be a mistake because it had a parential advisory sticker . but the whole cd turned out to be edited . ALL SWEAR WORDS ARE REPLACED WITH ANNOYING RECORD SCRATCHES . i even bought another copy . they are all edited . DO NOT BUY THIS CD . or maybe buy the real edited copy . who knows ???
 I downloaded this sonng called FRONT A BUSTA right ? this dude on here said it was beatin , it aint beatin worth sh & t u know ? plus his rhymes are weak , theres pauses in the middle of the songs too . if i were u just stick to project pat , 36 mafia , devin , twista , brotha lynch , c-bo , z-ro , 2pac , lil flip , and ugk.thank yall 4 listenin SHOUT OUT TO MPMS IN DA FORT AKA 4TWAYNE ! this ur boy heath aka tyrome ? arright then go get those albums aight ? peace
 There are a very scarce amount of good songs on this cd , one of them is sign of the cross . That is the only good song on the album and that 's why I gave it 2 stars . I love iron maiden and this album is a dissapointment . If you like iron maiden , then I 'd stay away from this album because there are better maiden albums out there like powerslave . I 'm just glad no more maiden albums are like this because Bruce Dickonson made his return in a brave new world . -LRB- which is another awesome maiden album -RRB- This album just is n't good at all except for sign of the cross . This cd kinda made me think less of maiden until I heard brave new world which boost my love of maiden all the way up again . If you love iron maiden than steer clear of this cd .
 What is this ? Not even good as a stand alone effort apart from IM . Considering that this new sound calls themselves Iron Maiden , it 's worse . Not recommended - try Dance With Death .
 As a long time maiden fan , I have seen and heard every incarnation of the band . Though the music is good by most other metal standards , it is not maiden without Bruce in the front . I like the current lineup with 3 guitars , but Bruce , Steve , Adrian , Dave and Nicko are the only lineup that ever put out anything worth buying.Remember this . Some of the most memorable music is music you can sing to . Bruce gives you something to soar with . This dude is a grunt . Just not a maiden romp . They classed themself into a metal genre , as opposed to definng it.But hats off to the guys for saying `` F-you Bruce ! We love this to much to quit ! `` Well , at least for a little while . Thank god they are all together again . Everything after Bruce 's return -LRB- and before his departure -RRB- is sooooooooo much better than this .
 I was given this album to listen to by a guy who bought it with the intent of letting everyone he knew know how bad it is . I was not going to buy this for sure , not without a test drive , but I did have to find out for myself if this was worth adding to my Maiden collection.Once I pressed play I knew this was a Maiden album . It sounded good but there was something off in the production . No worries . It was growing on me already . Then , something despicable occured . I immediatley thought that the guy I borrowed this disc from dubbed in some other vocal from who knows where . This could not be the new front man to Maiden . I looked over at my roomate and we started laughing . LAUGHING ... AT MAIDEN . Becasue yes this is an Iron Maiden album because it clearly says that it is . WHAT THE HELL IS THAT COMING FROM MY SPEAKERS !!! This guy sucks . How could they have come to the decision of allowing this guy to be the new front man . Anybody could sing this bad . I SING THIS BAD !!! I quickly moved on to song after song and COULD N'T finish the album . But , I will say this ... everytime one of these songs comes up on a live album where Bruce is singing them , THEY ROCK !!! I fully respect the artists integrity to stand behind their work but for once can we get this re-issued with just the music ... or better yet , bring Bruce in to lay down the vocals like they were meant to be . Iron Maiden is by far my favorite band and it hurts everytime I walk by their section in a music store and see this and ` Virtual XI ' . By the way never even went as far as to borrow ` Virtual XI ' from that said same guy . I will not put my ears through that again . The only reason my ears made it through is , like I said before , the music IS Maiden and IS good . Thank you to all involved in getting Bruce back . I got around to seeing ' A Matter of Life and Death ' at Irvine Meadows and could n't have been happier . IRON MAIDEN ROCKS !!! Ca n't wait for what 's next.Thankfully , their catalouge is so rich you can throw darts and hit on a better album everytime ... because my catalogue of Maiden will not include these two empty headed animal food trough wipers .
 Although most will say that No Prayer For The Dying or even Fear of the Dark were the beginning of Maiden 's demise i totally disagree . Although they lacked the whole `` Theatrical bit '' that maiden was famous for , the still had a lot of good material on both of those albums . With the replacement of Blaze `` wan na be bruce '' Bailey i was so dissapointed that i nearly through the album in the microwave set it on high and radiated it . I gave it a bit of a change and found that just a few songs were even listenable , but just didnt sound like Maiden . Bailey fails to hit any kind of vocal range even close to Bruces , and i heard some live stuff with him and on Bruce 's songs it was horid.The only thing i can figure is that they wanted to go back to the days of Paul Dianno , because he does sound great deal like him . And although he was not a great singer and i was n't that crazy about most of the material he did with maiden , i 'm sure he did sound pretty good on songs like Killer 's , Prowler , Remember Tomorrow , etc. . But why go backwards in time ? No idea . Sign of the cross was about the only decent song , while Man On The Edge quickened the pace a bit but was let down by the chorus being way to repititious . Replacing singers is a ruff business , but i 'm sure with all the Power Metal bands out back in 94 they could have found someone a LOT better than Blaze . No his voice doesnt sound `` bad '' it just sounds `` bad '' with maiden . However this album was nowhere near as boring and hated as the stinker album known as `` Virtual X '' .
 Do n't get me wrong I ` m a truly and loyal Iron Maiden fan . I have all maiden material in music and video . When I star hear this one , everything goes great until this guy star to sing ; well he tries , but failed in a miserable way . In some point I start to think this could be a mistake , maybe I pick up a Cd from other group , but wait a moment , NOOOOOOO , is maiden , well the album cover said so!Thank God Dickinson is back hopefully someday the group will reissue this one and Virtual XI but with Bruce singing , because the music in both are great , until Mr. Bailey open his mouth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Just woeful ! Not even a ` Maiden ' tribute band could have written and recorded a more dated , predictable , rehashed and weak album such the likes of this sad and sorry turn out that is ' X Factor ' . This is the album that just about smote their ruin and made me , a once adoring fan , into a bitter and jaded critique of the once mighty power that was Iron Maiden . `` What were they thinking ? How could they have done this ? Who is this clown posing as their vocalist ? What decade is this again ? These are the types of question I was asking after my first listerning . Did n't the producer give them feedback such as , `` Boys , this is just not working . Get back to me when you come up with a sound and song that is relevant . '' Not even the name and reputation of the band ` Iron Maiden ' could save them from this sick and diseased turkey ... and I do n't think Bruce Dickinson could have saved it either . The songs are weak and so lost.As a consiquence , the album that followed ` Virtual IV ' was a unknown and underplayed affair , thank God , and this fact probably saved the band from further disgrace.Thanks to the return of Adrian Smith , Bruce Dickinson and some remnance of previous songwritting glory , Blaze Bailey and ' X Factor ' are just a fading hint of a horrific nightmare that once was but is no longer.Do you self a favour and avoid this album like the plague .
 Even if Bruce Dickinson had sung on this album , the songs still would have sucked . Skip it !
 Let me compare something here . Listening to a classic maiden album -LRB- Iron Maiden , Killers , Number of the Beast , Piece of Mind , Powerslave , Live After Death Somewhere in Time , Seventh Son of a Seventh Son , Fear of the Dark , Brave New World , Dance of Death -RRB- is like going out to a really nice place to eat with a beautiful woman . Yet , listening to this album , is like spending a night with your dumbass buddies eating bad fast food . Enough said .
 I have just started to get back into Iron Maiden -LRB- No Prayer for the Dying was my last Maiden album -RRB- and I have enjoyed some of the albums that Maiden has put out after the early 90 's time period , BUT then I stumbled across this . Good think I downloaded the thing before I bought it . Music is fine , but Blase Bayley kills this album . I can think of a hundred different people I would have sung lead before this clown . Even though he might try to imitate Bruce Dickenson , he cant even come close to his range , and his voice would be suited better for Death Metal considering that if he screams it would be an improvement over his singing . Its a shame , cause there is some good music here , but Bayley is so un-listenable , I cant even enjoy it . Maiden has so many other albums to choose from , dont even bother with this crapola . -LRB- Maybe one day the could re-record it with Dickinson -RRB-
 OK , so its 1995 and nobody is listening to stuff like Iron Maiden anymore , in fact the loss of popular vocalist Bruce Dickinson should have got them dropped from their label -LRB- at least in the states -RRB- but the band hooked up with Blaze Bayley and recorded The X Factor . A lot of folks dog on this record because either A
 Well , CD prices are reaching an all-time absurd high standard . Everybody knows that THE X-FACTOR is a joke , one of Maiden worst albuns ever , with songs cloning each other , uninspired performance by the musicians ... well , a total waste -LRB- except for SIGN OF THE CROSS -RRB- .
 Well Its 1995 when Maiden release this cd with new vocalist Blaze Bayley . I remembered when the single `` Man On The Edge '' came out and thought it sounded like `` Be Quick Or Be Dead '' Part 2 which was cool . Then I got the album and at the time was dissapointed it collected dust for a while but afterwards I started listening again and it got someone better . Not a powerful performance by Maiden very dark , almost barely audible cd . Next to No Prayer this is the worst . Blaze 's second and Final Studio release blew away this one Virtual XI was classic Maiden . This barely holds 2 stars .
 Sorry to the few that like this cd , but this albumn really sucks ! I absolutely LOVE Iron Maiden , but the singer is horrible ... in this band anyway . He needs to go back to Wolfsbane . I 'm sooooo glad that Bruce and Adrian are back with the band ; I know they can pull Iron Maiden out of the mud . Check out their first 7 cds ! All of 'em are awesome ! Up the Irons !
 I did my best to like this albun , the beginning of Blaze BAyley in Iron , but it is horrible . Just it
 OK this album is not as bad as some might have you think.However , it is possibly the worst maiden record done . Blaze Bayley ca n't stand up to the great Bruce Dickinson . He is not a bad singer , -LRB- not great either -RRB- , but does not have the personality or the voice or anything else to front Iron Maiden . This album does not sound like Maiden what-so-ever . But thankfully Bruce is back where he belongs ... in Iron Maiden , and as for blaze , who cares ?
 I hate to be critical of any band 's releases , but this CD is just plain terrible ... I think to blame is to production quality . Maiden jumping labels to smaller label CMC may have had something to do with it . I did n't mind Blayze 's voice so much it was the sloppy production sound that annoyed me -LRB- maybe CMC did n't have the budget of a Capital or Epic , I do n't know -RRB- . I bought this album for the cover . I thought it looked cool and I was curious to hear the new vocalist . Glad I bought a used copy . Sorry folks , this is the worst Maiden album ever . If you want to hear Maiden with Blayze , then check out the latest `` Virtual XI '' it is much better than the X-Factor .
 Back in the day I was as big a Maiden fan as anyone but 50 year old dudes doing metal was not meant to be . I 'm sure the playing is as impressive as usual but as soon as I heard Blaze 's voice I hit the stop button . Terrible !
 -LRB- My review scale
 STEVE made such a horrible album , and tells everyone that it is one of the best ever produced by Maiden ... How ? It has a horrible singer -LRB- correction
 I bought this when it came out , all excited because Maiden was not dead after all . I threw it in the trash a few days later . It put me to sleep . Contrary to the tree-worshippers might say , the lyrics were the only redeeming feature . Just horrible ! None of the songs ever seem to get off the ground . I gave it 2 stars because it 's Maiden , so it 's better than 90 % of what else is out there .
 let 's pretend , just for a second , that Iron MAiden never recorded this CD , that Jannick Gers never entered the band , that Dickinson never left . REady ! Now you can go to bed as a happy person , continuing to be a big Maiden fan ! Up The IRons !
 I though about not even reviewing this album , because I do n't really consider it to be Iron Maiden , in the truest sense of the word . Blayze Bayley is awful . It 's not so much the fact that Bruce is gone , -LRB- Paul DiAnno material is great -RRB- - it 's just that Bayley is a terrible singer.Anyone who thinks this album deserves more than one star is just rationalizing the situation , or they 're not true Iron Maiden fans . I read an interview with Steve Harris back when this came out , and he said the band listened to * thousands * of tapes before deciding on Blayze Bayley , from the band Wolfsbane . Funny , I never heard of them before . Apparently , thousands of tapes were not enough ! In Brazil , they had a singing competition , and the winner was current Angra vocalist , Edu Falaschi . Edu would have been a much better replacement . Most humans would have done a better job.The awful vocals ruin the songs . The only popular track was ` Man on the Edge , ' and all I can really think about is Blayze , who sounds like he has a mouth full of marbles , as he sings the chorus - `` Falling Down , Falling Down , Falling Doooooowwwnnnn '' . What a nightmare . Do n't waste your money .
 The problem is not Blaze Bayley . His vocals are good . The problem is the music . The first 3 tracks and `` Judgement of Heaven '' are pretty good songs , but the rest sound like crappy remixes of `` Afriad to Shoot Strangers '' . The rifts are REALLY repetative and the lyrics are horrible . The agony reaches it 's peak at `` 2 AM '' when it music goes from slow down to a crawl . Anyone who likes X Factor has n't been listening to Bruce . If you want heavy metal that goes a step up from classic maiden -LRB- rather than a fall on the a ** -RRB- , get Bruce Dickinson 's `` The Chemical Wedding '' . ======== BAHUMUTH
 I 'm sorry to say it but this album was great disappointment to me.I 've been a Maiden fan for 17 years and I must confess I have n't expected such a bad staff.I 've been trying to accept this album since I 've bought it but so far I have n't succeeded.The songs are slow , monotonous and somehow boring.The only decent song is `` Man on the edge '' . Fortunately the next album `` Virtual XI '' sounds much better.You 'd better try it instead of this one .
 After Bruce Dickinson left Iron Maiden in 1994 , Blaze Bayley stepped in to take over . Unfortunately , he does n't quite fit Dickinson 's shoes . THE X-FACTOR is a very dark and eerie album . Despite the hideous cover , -LRB- I wonder if it was banned in a few countries -RRB- , the songs are quiet and mysterious . The opening track , `` Sign of The Cross , '' is a good song , but is incredibly long . `` Lord of the Flies '' is a good rocker that has a bit of emotion to it . `` Man on The Edge '' is my favorite track with it 's fast-paced beat and catchy drums . The album goes downhill fast after that . `` Fortures of War '' is a clunky , repetitive number that is probably the worst song on the album . `` Look For The Truth '' is slow as well , though the refrain is catchy . The rest of the album is slow and seems to blend into an array of quiet guitar . Blaze Bayley does n't have a bad voice ; he just does n't have the bite that Dickison has . He sounds flat at times , and just does n't quiet have the energy needed for a hard-rocking record . The result is a quiet album that does n't really have any central theme . Do n't get this album unless you are a collector like me . Stick with `` Number of the Beast '' or Piece of Mind '' instead .
 My title sums it up . In order to get any kind of value or anything positive to take away from this album one must NOT expect to hear classic Iron Maiden . Bruce Dickinson left the band after `` Fear of the Dark '' , so the voice we 've all come to known as `` THE '' voice of Iron Maiden is not present , but the voice of Blaze Baily is . Blaze does n't have a bad voice , just not as good as Bruce 's . Throughout the entire first time I listened to this album , I tried to imagine how it would sound if Bruce were singing . It 's creatively diminated by Bassist Steve Harris , and the result is a very controlled , dark , melodic , and relatively slow paced album from most everything they 've done prior . It would 've been nice if it had been a lot heavier , but it 's not . The best songs are the first few , and unfortunately the rest of the album takes a tumble and descends into monotonous boring dribble . The lyrics are mostly all about war , and the effects during and after . It 's simply the worst Maiden album to date , and I think many Maiden fans will agree . The first song is the best , and then it 's all down hill from there . `` Sign of the Cross '' is a long epic opener , with a great slow intro , great lyrics , great melodies and solo 's , but could 've been heavier and tighter . Check out the versin on the `` Rock in Rio '' Live CD . Bruce is on vocals , and the song in general blows this version out of the water . `` Lord of the flies '' is next , and it 's not a bad song either . `` Man on the edge '' is alright , and `` Fortunes of War '' is actually a very good song . Great guitar melodies throughout , and it progresses and gets faster until the end . This is the last highlight on the album worth mentioning . `` The Aftermath '' is n't a bad song , but the rest are . It just gets boring and monotonous and the songs start blend together . I would not recommend this album to anyone , especially Maiden fans who are expecting the Maiden they know and love . Unless you 're a die hard fan like I am , do n't bother with it . If you do n't Maiden at all , who knows , you might like it .
 As a Maiden fan for 20 + years , I 've spent many an hour singing along and banging my head to one of the best bands that metal has ever offered up . I do n't even consider this a Maiden album , but it is so I have to compare it to the rest of the catalog . Blaze 's voice is so flat and boring that it 's amazing nobody questioned it during the recording/mixing ; just listen to him saying `` Falling down '' on Man On The Edge . Paul Dianno did n't have half the range as Bruce , but he pulled it off just fine . The other thing I 've noticed is that the compositions are n't up to the normal Maiden level . It seems like Steve just really was n't into it or maybe he just lost inspiration . I 'm not going to rip this album apart because it 's just a small blip on the the legacy of a band that I could n't hold any higher regard for .
 As a Maiden fan I was very disapointed by this album . Not because of a new singer not because of the music was bad its actually some of the best but because of the lyrics . As someone who loved old Maiden for there ghastly images and mainly non-Christian subject matter I was dissapointed to here an album where a singer is essentually whining because God dose n't seem to like him and wants his faith back . To me this is an insult to the large Paganistic/Atheistic fan base Maiden has . This also makes them less like a early Slayer and more like an early Stryper . So unless you can turn off the lyrics and your a non-Christian do n't buy this album .
 First of all , I have been an Iron Maiden fan for 14 years but this album is horrible . For those of you who say Blaze is a good singer , you know nothing about music . He does n't even sing in key half the time . The only song that is bearable at all is Edge of Darkness . There is a cool Steve Harris bass solo on the album but other than that , do n't waste your money . Buy Accident of Birth and Chemical Wedding by Bruce Dickinson with Adrian Smith . Thank God they are back with Maiden . Maiden should have gotten John Arch -LRB- ex Fates Warning -RRB- or Michael Kiske -LRB- ex Helloween -RRB- instead of this guy . This guy is so horrible that he makes Poison sound like they have Opera training .
 THE X-FACTOR is the best example -LRB- Along with VIRTUAL ELEVEN and NO PRAYER FOR THE DYING -RRB- , how Maiden suddenly and tragically totally run out of ideas in the 90 's . Be it coincidence or not , that began to happen when guitarrist Adrian SMith was replaced by axeman Jannick Gers . THis guy Gers is famous for playing live at stage with immense energey and non-stopping action , but he simply does not have any finesse , any style to his playing . In the solos , it 's a real tragedy
 I have not been able to get my head out of the toilet bowl since I heard this , and it 's been eight years !! Oh man , if Maiden did themselves in with No Prayer , then X Factor really buried them for all time.There was everything going against the band , and unfortunately Steve Harris is such an egotist that he felt he could pull them through this mire . Bad production , Bad cover -LRB- Play-doh Eddie ?? -RRB- , bad new `` guitarist '' still there , ULTRA-bad new singer -LRB- no range -RRB- , dull riffs , and Steve 's overtly religious lyrics telling us all about his inner turmoils and oh-he 's - so-sad-and-confused . I 'm sorry Steve , but I do n't remember you asking us if we cared about your problems . No wonder his wife left his psycho a ** . Iron Maiden became the new Stryper with this album.How can anyone listen to Powerslave , Piece of Mind or even Live After Death and then rate this garbage even close to the quality of those recordings -LRB- musically and sonically -RRB- . It 's almost an entirely different band . I hear people say
 When Bruce Dickinson left the band to go solo , Iron Maiden got Blaze Bayley on vocals . There was a big difference between the more high pitch approach from Dickinson and the low pitch Bayley . It 's obvious who is best suited for Maiden . The material on `` The x factor '' is rather weak with exception of the fast and attractive `` Man on the edge '' - a song based on the movie `` Falling down '' , starring Michael Douglas . You can easily skip this album , since there are at least 500 better albums to spend your money on .
 THe one star here goes for Sign Of The Cross alone , because this is great song , no matter who sang it . The rest of the CD is junk , I ca n't even recognize it . But the blame is in the production shoulders . The songs could have sounded a lot better had not Steve Harris thought that he could make it . He could not . The exit of Martin Birch affetcted the band incredibly , and they never recovered from it .
 Ok . THis is Maiden . THis is Steve Harris and DAve Murray and Nicko McBrain . So , of course the playing here has its moments . But the trouble here is the production . It made the band sound weak and uninspired . The compositions are also very irregular . LOOK FOR THE TRUTH and FORTUNES OF WAR are the same song , they begin with the same chords at the same order !!!!!! But gone are the harmony solos , so great in the times of Murray / Smith . Gone are Dickinson 's powerful vocals , strong and clear . -LRB- Blaze is great - it 's just that Bruce is much better -RRB- . Also , Maiden always wrote great albums when they recorded eight or nine songs per album . Now , we have twelve . So , quality drops.If you 're a completist , you must own this album . If not , and if you have the Best of The Beast compilation , you 're well served , because it contains THE X-FACTOR only memorable Maiden song , SIGN OF THE CROSS .
 Great music ; Horrible vocals ! Is this a joke ! Bye , Bye Blaze . WELCOME BACK BRUCE !
 From The Number Of The Beast to this ... Where did the good times go
 When I heard about X Factor coming out I was actually kind of excited that Maiden would be producing an album without Bruce Dickinson on vocals . Yes , I am a Dickinson fan , but I do n't think a band should be held hostage simply because one member is unavailable , and let 's face it , Iron Maiden is Steve Harris ' baby , and Bruce only came to Maiden on the 3rd album . And I liked that Maiden chose someone who was n't a Bruce clone as Judas Priest did with Ripper Owens replacing Rob Halford . Maiden chose someone who was almost the polar opposite of Bruce , with Blaze Bayley.Musically , X Factor is pure Maiden . The guitar riffs , the heavy bass lines sometimes taking over meloday , the pounding drum work , all sounds familiar . Lyrically ... well Blaze just does n't have the chops to front Maiden . His vocal range is very small , his baritone does n't fit the music as well , and he just lacks the power needed to be Iron Maiden 's lead singer . With Paul Di'Anno you had the lower vocal register , but man ... he sang with power and passion . Bruce Dickinson 's vocal range is amazing , and when he sings , you take notice . Blaze was just kind of there , a mediocre lead vocalist at best . I can appreciate what Maiden was trying to do , and there are some moments that work on the album , `` Sign of the Cross '' and `` Lord of the Flies '' are two , pretty good rockers , just not up to the Iron Maiden level we are used to.I think the thing with X Factor , is that Maiden fans will always wonder what if ... what if Dickinson had sung lead , or what if Di'Anno had rejoined the band for this record ? Though full of potential , X Factor does n't really get off the ground .
 I can only understand that only die-hard Maiden fans could possibily affirm that this -LRB- ... -RRB- is the best Iron Maiden album ever !!! MAIDEN released absolutely nothing worth your money since SEVENTH SON OF A SEVENTH SON . The nineties were a total mess in their previously immaculate discography , mainly thanks to the exit of Adrian Smith and , later , Bruce Dickinson . The bands clearly sounds tired in X FACTOR . I 'm not gon na take time to talk about Blaze . Just the songs . They are and endless pool of boredom . Ok , I admit it sounds darkier , another vibe , but the does n't mean it 's good . Both Maiden CMC albuns -LRB- this one and Virtual Eleven -RRB- are below standard material . THat 's the simple reason they hired Dickinson and Amith back !!
 This cd blows ! Do n't even think of buying this one ! The music is great , but the vocals suck ! Thankfully Blaze is gone !! YES , BRUCE AND ADRIAN ARE BACK ! There is a new albumn out the end of ' 99 ! The X-Factor sucks ! Do n't waste your money .
 If you 've been a fan of the powerhouse vocals of Bruce Dickinson , then you may be disappointed by the more tame tracks sung by the new vocalist Blaze Bayley on `` The X Factor . '' The lyrics are good , and the musicianship is great as always , but I fear that that the hard-driving tunes that we have come to expect from Iron Maiden are absent on this effort . However , if you are a big fan of their slower melodies from previous albums , then this will be a good one to pick-up and give Blaze Bayley a listen . Lastly , the rating of two stars is given in comparison to their previous albums , which are -- simply -- better releases .
 Who wrote these lyrics , Pauly Shore ? `` The car is an oven and baking is wild . '' -LRB- it 's almost worth it just to hear this line -RRB- `` We are Lord of the Flies '' -LRB- me fail English ? That 's umpossible ! -RRB- `` You 're searching in the darkClutching at straws to find a way '' -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- `` I get in from work at 2 a.m. and sit down with a beerturn on late night TV and then wonder why I 'm here '' -LRB- it would be depressing if it was n't so silly -RRB- Oh , but then there 's all that deep and meaningful stuff like Edge of Darkness ... except that the band stole nearly every lyric from the first five minutes of Apocalypse Now . Despite this , it appears that there are a couple people out there who that think that this is some sort of dark melodic masterpiece because it has Blaze mumbling incoherently before each song starts up . Guess what , half-a ** ed lyrics that repeat `` I 'm sad '' and `` the world is kinda messed up '' are not deep and philosophical.This has nothing to do with Bruce not being here , because Maiden made two incredible albums with a completely different vocalist at the start of their career . It 's true that Blaze is a terrible singer here , but he 's not even the biggest problem . There are the inept lyrics , the complete lack of effective guitarwork , some of the worst solos I 've ever heard , extremely repetitive song structures -LRB- this is NOT a progressive metal album as some say -RRB- , and most of all , shoddy production . How a band like Maiden could release an album with such inconsistencies and overall chop in its sound is beyond me . Were they trying to sound raw like the grunge bands of the time?Granted , Sign of the Cross is a decent song - better on Rock in Rio , where the song is played with some authority and inspiration - but everything else sounds almost exactly the same . The same plodding , completely out-of-key riffs over and over . So for all you holier-than-thou people giving this album 5-star reviews just because you think people hate it for not having Bruce , think again . Does The X Factor try to be a masterpiece ? It does , but it fails miserably . Some albums can get away with crap production if they are well-written , both musically and lyrically . Some albums can get away with bad writing if they sound inspired , dynamic , and interesting . The X Factor gets away with nothing ; it 's a complete disaster .
 `` Nothing is ever the way it should beWhat we deserve we just do n't get you see ... '' - `` Man on the Edge '' , Iron MaidenTruer words may never have been spoken.With a delivery flatter than the bridge of Nicko McBrain 's nose , new vocalist -LRB- and comically-monikered -RRB- Blaze Bayley does his damnedest to dig Iron Maiden 's -LRB- and music in general -RRB- grave with this effort . Even the patented guitar chops of Jannick Gers ca n't save this bomb , which left me reeling over two quarts of chili bean and Schlitz-infused puke . The whole thing is a travesty really , a sonic mess that does nothing but cause split ends in my ear hair.Kevin DuBrow must be spinning in his grave .
 The trouble with Maiden in the nineties was not Blaze Bayley . The trouble was guitarrist Janick Gers , a talentless songwriter for Maiden style -LRB- while in Dickinson 's first solo album , he did it alright -RRB- , who could not help the band at all when Steve Harris ' own creative talent began to wane . In X-FACTOR , the trouble is even bigger due to
 I bought this CD because I have n't read any metal magazine for a long time , and I did n't know who is the replacement for Bruce . This is a totally disappointing album . I can understand that Steve can right darker moods of a song , but Blaze ? PLease ! He is a sorry excuse to be a part of Maiden . Ok , Blaze has a mysterious dark voice -LRB- that 's why they call him `` the Dark Lord '' -RRB- , but he can do better than that ! My dog can sing better than him . Bruce 's voice can be dramatic to operatic to volcanic . Air Raid Siren is God .
 Well Iron Maiden fans , here it is . Blaze Bayley is just not that great a singer . Musically , the cd is pretty good , with the songs obviously Steve Harris material , but they lack vocal intensity . Blaze just does not have the vocal range of Dickinson or the metal prowess of Paul Di'Anno , the original and best Maiden vocalist . If you 're a Maiden fan , the cd is worth getting , but it 's a poor choice for someone new to Maiden . A newcomer to the Iron Maiden fold would be much better served by the debut album , Iron Maiden , Killers or Number of the Beast -LRB- despite the horrible Gangland -RRB- . There are a few tracks on this cd worth a listen ; Lord of the Flies and Fortunes of War are pretty good , but the rest just fails to live up to prior Maiden efforts . Anyway , Dickinson is back -LRB- to bad it 's not Di'Anno -RRB- and we should get some real Iron Maiden again .
 THIS WAS BY FAR THE WORST IRON MAIDEN ALBUM EVER.BLAZE WILL NEVER REPLACE BRUCE.HE TRIED AND HE FAILED.BUT GOOD NEWS IS THAT THEY WILL HAVE A NEW ALBUM OUT IN THE FALL
 Iron Maiden without Bruce Dickinson is not Iron Maiden . It may be good music ... -LRB- reluctantly . . -RRB- , but if its not the legendary front man that helps define Iron Maiden , its not for real.If you are new to Iron Maiden , dont start here!Reach back to when this band first picked up Bruce Dickinson and hear the prime time . In my opinion those albums are ; Number of the Beast , Piece of Mind and Somewhere in Time.These are thier 3 best albums . of the three ... `` Piece of Mind '' IS the Maiden masterpiece of them all and the strongest Dickinson performance .
 The X Factor , this is the worst album Iron Maiden ever released , Actually it is not fair to say that are Iron Maiden that they are singing on this album , it is not that the voice of Blaze Baylay who tries so badly to immtate the voice of Bruce but he could n't . It is the songs and the music . The album has only one good song that is first one Sign Of the Cross where they play good music there . Lord Of the Flies is OK -LRB- yo can say that this song is one of the songs that kind of rocks -RRB- , the Edge of Darkness is also an OK songs . Man On the Edge is the hit and single of the album but does not even get near any good other maiden song before the X factor , the music riffs is poor way to immatiate The Evil That Men Do , all other tracks sound very much the same , and they all start slow and have an influence of grunge on it , the songs do not have the maiden distigivety of songs they had on all there albus here in addition that the album has a big lack of power.This album had been the biggest disapointement I got by a maiden album , I was shooked when I heard it the first time -LRB- when I got it in 1995 -RRB- . However if you are a maiden fan I suggest that you get every ablum they released exept this one , even Virtual XI is much better . Thank god they came back with Brave New World , I thought that they were history when they released this peace of non maiden music . I wonder how does Steve Harries call this one of the best albums they did ????????? One thing to say about this album , apart from Sign Of The Cross -LRB- Which is a good song -RRB- there is nothing of Maiden on this album . And the one star I gave is for Sign Of The Coss only .
 My title sums it up . In order to get any kind of value or anything positive to take away from this album one must NOT expect to hear classic Iron Maiden . Bruce Dickinson left the band after `` Fear of the Dark '' , so the voice we 've all come to known as `` THE '' voice of Iron Maiden is not present , but the voice of Blaze Baily is . Blaze does n't have a bad voice , just not as good as Bruce 's . Throughout the entire first time I listened to this album , I tried to imagine how it would sound if Bruce were singing . It 's creatively diminated by Bassist Steve Harris , and the result is a very controlled , dark , melodic , and relatively slow paced album compared to most everything they 've done prior . It would 've been nice if it had been a lot heavier , but it 's not . The best songs are the first few , and unfortunately the rest of the album takes a tumble and descends into monotonous boring dribble . The lyrics are mostly all about war , and the effects during and after . It 's simply the worst Maiden album to date , and I think many Maiden fans will agree . The first song is the best , and then it 's all down hill from there . `` Sign of the Cross '' is a long epic opener , with a great slow intro , great lyrics , great melodies and solo 's , but could 've been heavier and tighter . Check out the version on the `` Rock in Rio '' Live CD . Bruce is on vocals , and the song in general blows this version out of the water . `` Lord of the flies '' is next , and it 's not a bad song either . `` Man on the edge '' is alright , and `` Fortunes of War '' is actually a very good song . Great guitar melodies throughout , and it progresses and gets faster until the end . This is the last highlight on the album worth mentioning . `` The Aftermath '' is n't a bad song , but the rest are . It just gets boring and monotonous and the songs start to blend together . I would not recommend this album to anyone , especially Maiden fans who are expecting the Maiden they know and love . Unless you 're a die hard fan like I am , do n't bother with it . If you do n't know Maiden at all , who knows , you might like it .
 There is no excuse . This album is horrible . I did n't give it one star because of `` Sign of the Cross '' , basically . Where the hell Steve Harris found this singer Blaze Bayley ? -LRB- now gone for sure from the band -RRB- But is not only him . The music is without any inspiration at all , and Maiden reachs the point of shameless cloning their own songs , in two of the tracks that are identical to each other !!! Of course , you may become acostumed to it after a while , because it 's Maiden who is playing . But ... hear `` Accident of Birth '' , by Bruce Dickinson , and you 'll understand why Steve called him back ...
 First of all I am and will always be a huge maiden fan . I am also not a purist who thinks that Bruce is irreplaceable as great as he is , but what the hell were they thinking when they picked this guy to repalace one of the greatest metal singers in history . I found myself cringing at the vocals . I listened to the album twice and that is all I and my devout Maiden friends could bear.I felt that maiden started to lose it with no prayer , but this is terrible.Thank goodness for Brave New World . If you have never listened to Iron Maiden avoid this album , start with Piece of Mind , Powerslave , or most of the stuff between 79-88 . Sorry Blayze , nothing personal .
 Another week , another redundant tech-metalcore album from Replapse . How many bands have these guys signed now that sound exactly the same ? The same aimlessly busy structures , the same playing techniques they all learnt in grind academy and keep regurgitating in the same rudimentary ways , the same unironic badassery fueling it . Keep churning them off the assembly line , I 'll just sit here twiddling my thumbs waiting for the new Will Haven album to knock this whole trend-genre back into the stone age . I recommend picking up Ashley Tisdale 's new album Headstrong instead of this .
 I bought Bryan 's Christmas CD . It was just fair . I am big fan of Bryan 's and have several of his albums . I would n't suggest buying this CD . I give this album 2 stars .
 I bought Bryan 's Christmas CD . It was just fair . I am big fan of Bryan 's and have several of his albums . I would n't suggest buying this CD . I give this album 2 stars .
 What is it with this guy ? Christmas is about feelings and family . This CD has all the feeling of your mouth after a shot of novicaine . Poor Bryan is looking so desparatly for an audience that he 's seems willing to look for it by using a production team that is more suited for Mariah Carey . If only someone like Robbie Fulks would record a Christmas album we 'd be all better off
 At the risk of sounding like a schoolyard bully , this guy sounds like a petulant little girl . I can see something like this being big in Europe . This kind of music sounds like it was made in a factory . There is no personality or craftsmanship . I wish Robbie Fulks would do a Christmas album .
 I guess the record label seems to forget that two DOORS albums were released after the death of Jim Morrison
 While a huge Doors fan , I once again have to remark on the rather shameless practices of Elektra and the remaining band members when it comes to releasing product . This is once again The Doors releasing something we all already own . While the Doors CDs most of us have listened to for a while were originally remastered when put to CD format , we now have another version of them , this time with better technology . I guess in another few years they 'll have 64 bit technology or something of the like and we 'll feel compelled to buy the albums all over again . While I certainly do n't object to the Doors releasing all of their studio output in one deluxe box , I do object to them claiming that this is The Complete Studio Recordings , when we all know it is certainly not -LRB- ! -RRB- Where is Paris Blues ? Or Devil is a Woman ? Rock is Dead ? The studio Celebration of the Lizard ? Oh , and where are the 2 studio albums that the band made after Morrison 's death ? None of this is found here , for this is simply all 6 studio albums re-released , not the `` Complete Studio Recordings '' . When will this stop ? How many times can the Doors release and re-release material we already have ? No doubt that there will be a 2nd Doors Studio Recordings boxset in the future , with some of the above-mentioned material as well as some tracks from the other box set and other odds and ends that we already have . Nevertheless , I do give credit to the Doors official web site , where they have now answered the dreams of every Doors fanatic by starting to release complete soundboard concerts on CD . These Bright Midnight Records releases are exactly what fans have known existed and have wanted for years . Go spend your money there !
 It is disappointing to see the fifth release of material on CD that has already been released on CD . It could have been made very much better . I am very disappointed , it seems the New Doors -LRB- as everybody should call them -RRB- are only in in for the myth and for the money .
 I consider the seven disk Doors box set a big disappointment . Upon examining the contents , I realized it was merely a rehash of the previous Doors box set and other stuff they released . I 'm not impressed with their `` remastering '' of the six Doors albums . I expected , as most Doors fans did , the release of material in their archives that formerly appeared only on bootlegs . What became of Paris Blues ? for instance . Additionally , there is an abundance of other Doors songs that rightfully should have appeared on this box set.I tend to agree with the commentator who angrily suspected that greed is the prime factor in the release of this ghastly , overpriced box set . I maintain that this box set is a repetition and a waste of money for anyone but a recent convert to the Doors magic . After visiting Jim 's grave in Paris this year and devouring all the literature available on the Doors , I feel terribly disappointed by this box set .
 This release absolutely pails in comparison to similar independant releases by hard rock bands like Smash Alley , Loud N ' Nasty and Sweet Cheater . Pick up those three bands new releases and you will be a happy eighties rocker . I promise . This cd probably has two or three good songs and the rest is really not the type of hard rock music that their label -LRB- Perris -RRB- sells them as . I do n't see how someone whose favorite music is in the realm of AC/DC or Motley Crue can really like this .
 This CD should be titled `` The Art of Murdering NiceSongs . '' Listen to `` Stardust '' -LRB- is it really Stardust ? -RRB- and you 'll see what I mean . Beboppers should see ashrink instead of bothering us with their nervousticks -LRB- or licks ? -RRB- .
 This cd is trash , im not tryin 2 be a hata , but they got like 2 good tracks on the whole joint . The beats an production is pretty good , but the rhymes are jus horrible . I mean they were ok with pac , cuz they kinda complimented his style , but now there jus a pain 2 listen 2
 I want to like the Outlawz but they just mediocre as hell . They sounded so good with Tupac , I do n't know what their problem is . They only sound good when they are coming with heat on an angry track . They trying to rap about misery and street sorrows like Tupac did and they can not pull it off . The tracks are garbage . I suggest they stick to tracks like `` Outlaw 2000 '' , be cuz it was the only song on this CD . Very disappointing .
 Their only asset is that the were affiliated with the fallen legend Pac . If you are willing to buy an album based on that , do so , If you are looking for a dope album , look elsewhere . If with Pac , these guys ... How many albums can you make about killing people ? I know that this is entertainment , but even Stallone and makes a different type of move every once and a while . `` Smash '' is the only song that I like because BadAzz and Fetty Chico -LRB- if you are a fan , you know who this is -RRB- are in it .
 The reviewer from Toledo is an idiot . Pay no attention to him . This nimrod actually thinks that this album `` constitutes an actionable offense without the redeeming qualities found in Jack Sh*t 's latest hit single '' . What a dumbass!What this is , is Slicey Dice 's finest CD yet ! It seriously kicks ass ! Check out track 27 -LRB- `` Beat Dat B * tch Down '' -RRB- and listen how precise his riffs are , elegantly counterpointed against the sly scatting of Lil Prick 's syncopated falsetto dirge , taking you deeper into modern urban alienation than any rapper since Killer G. -LRB- Rest in peace , Killer , and know that your death will be avenged . -RRB- In short , if you do n't buy this album now , you 're a punk * ss little p * ssy who deserves to get slapped down hard .
 Koopsta Knicca 's cd has alot of tight beats . This is really won of the best 36 cd 's out there , it 's got the beats and the scratchin ' that just makes you want to `` Get Crunk '' as they say . But the uncrunkiest thing was that all the cuss words in the songs are all sratched out ! WHAT 'S THE BIZ ?
 I heard great things about this cd . however when i popped it in my player the 1st song was edited . i thought this must be a mistake because it had a parential advisory sticker . but the whole cd turned out to be edited . ALL SWEAR WORDS ARE REPLACED WITH ANNOYING RECORD SCRATCHES . i even bought another copy . they are all edited . DO NOT BUY THIS CD . or maybe buy the real edited copy . who knows ???
 I downloaded this sonng called FRONT A BUSTA right ? this dude on here said it was beatin , it aint beatin worth sh & t u know ? plus his rhymes are weak , theres pauses in the middle of the songs too . if i were u just stick to project pat , 36 mafia , devin , twista , brotha lynch , c-bo , z-ro , 2pac , lil flip , and ugk.thank yall 4 listenin SHOUT OUT TO MPMS IN DA FORT AKA 4TWAYNE ! this ur boy heath aka tyrome ? arright then go get those albums aight ? peace
 As a devoted Jimmy Buffett fan , I must purchase every one of his CDs . It 's a craving I ca n't control , even If I tried . However , I 'm very disappointed in this record for the fact that it is like all of his other live recordings . He used the same songs again and again . His live recordings of Come Monday , Pencil Thin Mustashe , and the like are vertually identical to the other recordings . How many versions of the live songs do you want me to own ? Jimmy , please , I beg of you , produce an `` unpluged '' CD of your old music . This would truly make all things right with the world .
 There are a few highlights on Tu , Th , and Sat . Tin Cup Chalice , Cocunut Telegraph , and Fins . As others have said before , the song selection is very similar to Feeding Frenzy . Where 's Changes in Latitudes -LRB- Changes in Latitudes -RRB- ? What about putting Havana Daydreaming and Manana in there ? Why must Volcano be on there?The vocals are pretty painful on some songs . Particularly Southern Cross , which I do n't like the version on there . I could also do without Brown Eyed Girl . Tryin ' To Reason With Hurricane Season is too slow.I like some other people 's ideas of doing box set live album with the hits , obscure old stuff , and an acoustic set . That would 've been great . If you want live Buffett , opt for Feeding Frenzy . Versions and vocals are better on there .
 Comon Jim . If you 've burned out , take that cruise , compose , and give us another '' Bannana Wind '' . This CD is nothing but a rehash of old songs that we already have . You 're marketing people are hurting you . I 'll save my $ 15 on this one . Sorry .
 Do we really need this ? As an Australian , where the `` new '' album retails for $ 29.95 and where Buffett has not deemed worth touring since 1987 it is hard to see any value in this release at all . If you own any of his previous live albums , save your money . Sub standard vocals , re-re-hashed content and all would be forgiven except that he murders one of the great sailing songs , `` Southern Cross '' . It sure is disappointing condsidering the quality of `` Beach House On The Moon '' . `` Feeding Frenzy '' would be a much better album for those who need to have a live Buffett album or better still , any of his studio efforts .
 This disk needs higher technology clean-up to be enjoyable . Too many scratches , hisses and static .
 Hey , I 'm Willem from Holland . I 'm a guitarplayer and a big Hendrix fan and have been looking for good interpertations of Hendrixsongs by other artists . So i found this album by Jean-Paul Bourelly and i could n't believe my ears !! Did this guy just started to play guitar or something ?!! He sounds like he just got home at 7 am , totally ... and ... and picked up his guitar while the vomit is still dripping out of his mouth . It 's an insult to Jimi 's incredible creative mind to try to sell this to maybe unknowing people , who like to know Hendrix better . If you want to buy a decent coveralbum , buy Stone free . But this is ... !!
 Jean Paul is a very fine guitarist but he should never have released this . From some place too close to the Planet Jazzrock , JP has bravely , -LRB- i.e avoiding Experience material in the main -RRB- , set off towards Jimi 's blues planet and quite simply overshot . He has missed the point , -LRB- not lost the plot , just never found it -RRB- , and failed badly and sadly to sense what he should have been seeking and would not have needed to seek had he , perhaps innately , understood the blues origins of Jimi 's music . What a bitter disappointment this recording is . Only Will Newman 's Little Sister , Indigenous , Stevie Ray and a very few others can do the right thing with Jimi 's music .
 I was disappointed with Beatles Jazz . The album is just so-so in terms of Beatlesmusic . I expected more closely match music .
 I looked at the review , listened to the 30 second previews , and saw the used price . It all seemed great so I was taken . It was n't a huge blunder as I only payed about $ 3.50 or so , shipping included but I do n't think I 'll listen to this CD for a while . It 's not a terrible CD but there is simply no redeaming qualitys to be found -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . Most of the songs sound surprisingly similar , there basically just several seconds of electronica that keeps looping . Though that 's not particularly rare with a lot of techno I 've bought I still find that most techno I listen to at least is fast , lively , creative , and simply put sounds cool . I regret to say that this CD does n't really deserve any of those titles , I may be overly critical but I do n't recall ever thinking `` Wow , that was pretty cool '' , pretty okay maybe . I do n't see why anyone would pay the full price for this CD , it simply is n't worth that much , the used price , yes I could see that but I still would n't recommend it to anyone . I 'll finish by saying if you enjoyed the Techno Party CD 's you probably wo n't like this one at all .
 I would love to review the CD product that I ordered ... IF I had the product . The CD that I received was labeled with the wrong barcode , so I received a CD by a group that I 've never heard of!I do n't know when , or if , I will ever receive the correct CD ... so far no one has contacted me to let me know if the correct CD is being sent to me .
 You know how when you get a massage , they light candles and play some kind of western New Age music , perhaps waves crashing or rain or something , softly in the background ? And you know how that 's a totally different sort of atmosphere than the kind you 'd get in meditation at a temple ? Well , I 've been in both places and listened to both tracks of this CD , and trust me , track 1 is massage and track 2 is temple meditation . This is a good CD for you if you 're looking for a nice massage kind of atmosphere , or something to lull you to sleep perhaps , and meditation is a little too intense or whatever for what you 're wanting . On the other hand , if you 're a serious meditator and you are n't really interested in the massage , then do n't go for it . Everything that 's been said about track 1 -- the title track -- is correct . I found myself feeling a little annoyed by it , and wished it was n't so long . On the other hand , I like track 2 -- titled `` Om '' and just that -- a whole bunch , and because the CD was a gift I am glad I have it . I would n't pay full price for it , though . I just loop track two and try to pretend track one does n't exist , even though I tried for awhile to like it before giving up .
 At Amazon 's recommendation , I purchased this and was completely disappointed . It sounded like a christian church choir attempting a beautiful Hindi chant - OM track was ok but Om Namah Shivaya was way off the mark . Sorry I bought it .
 I just bought this CD and what a LET DOWN ! I 've had the original release of this on tape for years . I LOVE it for the second track -LRB- Om -RRB- , a constant `` drone '' with voices , that is the perfect vehicle for putting one in that `` nothingness '' state.The let down here is that on the original version , the Om track runs over 40 minutes -LRB- of uninterrupted bliss -RRB- , whereas the CD has a 17 minute version ! I do n't know what possessed the record company or the artist to change the original format , but I would like to have seen an indication of this on the Amazon listing details.So , I do n't know who to point the finger at here ; Amazon for lack of detail or the revised CD format , but I 'm really disappointed.Be Well
 This recording did not sound authentic . It sounded like the Mormon Tabernacle Choir singing Sufi chants . This is not what I expected and I am not likely to purchase another recording by this group -LRB- On Wings Of Song -RRB- .
 I guess this cd is made from some underground rappers of Wu tang . I thought I was goin to like this cd cuz I am a Wu Tang Clan fan . I do not like this cd and I will be taking it to Hastings to get some money back from it . Do n't get this cd , its junk .
 The complete lack of Euphemismistic dialogue in these diatribesindicates a singular disfunction in this particular form indigineous to certain language groups , an indomitable barrierbetween Communicative Language and contact with the Exterior world , consisting of coded signals . Such defense mechanismsperform a function of forming a group character among those whohave little else in common . One finds it difficult to understandhow one can send a coded message via loud , blisteringly loud , bass and shouted repeated rhyme , but it is being done dailyall over the United States , and now thoughtout the world . -LRB- Ifone wants to hide something , put it right out in the open , because no one would think to look there . -RRB- As the great poetP . Townsend once said , `` Do n't try to dig what we all say ... `` because , well , if you do n't know it , you never will .
 while it 's cool Snoop has a Big Hit with this cut , i ca n't feel this cut lasting like some of Snoop 's past hits have.it seems like a Jam for the Moment & then forgotten as quickly.catchy Groove but like much of the Neptunes Productions more on a Quick Groove & Beat but less on substance of Songwriting .
 Songs are supposed to have MUSIC , not drum machines and the occasional lame keyboard sound . The video is just as bad , if not worse . AVOID THIS !
 If I could rate this zero I would . This is snoop 's dumbest song ever . It does n't even make sense . Do n't Buy This
 This track does n't even change in pitch for goodness sake ! The background sounds get old in the snap of a finger , Snoop is a terrible rapper as if the genre was open for appeal , and the lyrics especially are just so unbelievably annoying . There is no way in the world that the U.S. can be free of schizophrenics if this song actually got in the Top 40 . Guess what ? It did ! That is so sad . The radio used to play music until rap came along ! About ninety percent of rap is useless vulgarity , profanity , and just plain boring beats which really tick me off . I 'm guessing this review is going to get a ton of disagrees if people look at it , but that 's okay because anyone who supports this rap-crap dynasty has n't a worthy opinion in my book .
 Does not contain the FULL length songs ... very disappointed Kyrie is suppose to be 29 mins long . . I wanted this for my yoga meditation . I expected the full length version for the price . . I hate Amazon . . messed up my perfume order twice . I order the PARFUME not the toilette spray which is cheaper than real parfume and the price . . still kept sending me the toilette spray and I went through 3 different vendors , paid for the expensive version as well . . and they never corrected it . I kept sending it back , reorder it still wrong wrong and wrong price . . not to mention ALL the weeks wasted n doing that ...
 ` Elementary ' may be a lot of things
 In a nutshell , The End shed all their technical proficiency and decided to be an ambient emo band . For emo , its really good music . But coming from their beginnings , this is a severe disappointment . When Transfer Trachea Reverberations From Point
 After listening to this artist 's ` booming voice ' for fourty-five years on his early tapes , I should have known that -LRB- even with a very heavy musical accompanyment -RRB- this old singer sounds worn out . It seems that he no longer carries his ever present guitar . `` ANYONE WANT TO BUY A MINT , ONLY ONCE PLAYED CD ? ''
 I have n't heard this CD yet , but I was told it features Ernie Krivda on the Sax and Dan Wall on the piano -LRB- instead of organ -RRB- . No drume etc. . They play as a duo on the album . Very plain sound !
 Well , here we are , barely a year removed from Donna Summer 's triumphant return to national consciousness via her VH1 Live And More concert special ... and already she 's reduced to singing the theme to the Pokemon sequel . This is quite possibly the worst song Summer has ever sung , its lyric seemingly lifted word for word from a superhero comic book . The remixers , Jonathan Peters and Tommy Musto , turn in passable work ; Peters brings his usual bouncy , over-the-top progressive style , while Musto 's mixes are thankfully a bit lower-ley , leaning closer to garage . Of course , Summer 's pipes sound as good as ever -- because she 's so closely associated with disco , I think many people are dismissive of her talent , but any objective listen would reveal that she indeed has incredible power , depth and range . If you need evidence of this , then skip this tragic release and instead buy the VH1 live CD . There , not only does she prove -LRB- again -RRB- that she can deliver live , but also the two new studio tracks are terrific , certainly better than anything here . For die-hard fans only .
 When I received the `` 30 Pegaditas de Oro , Vol . 1 '' I could n't wait to listen to the 30 best Cumbia songs of Pastor Lopez . When the first song began I was like `` WOW '' -LRB- Thirty of Pastor Lopez best Cumbias -RRB- . My joy did not last very long , after I realized that ALL the songs were not the entire songs !!! The whole CD is like a MIX !!! The CD only plays the introduction of each song and when you 're ready for the rest of each song you hear the beginning of the other song !!! I was very dissapointed !! I can not enjoy the songs this way !!! Help !!!!!
 I agree with J. Pulido . Wish that I had read that review first . At least it was very cheap . The songs do n't even fade out , just cut out right as the song gets going . Not much better than not having the songs at all .
 Any real Colombian would call this a Chimbo . The CD only includes about one minute of each song . Forget this CD and go for the full length versions .
 Well , here we are , barely a year removed from Donna Summer 's triumphant return to national consciousness via her VH1 Live And More concert special ... and already she 's reduced to singing the theme to the Pokemon sequel . This is quite possibly the worst song Summer has ever sung , its lyric seemingly lifted word for word from a superhero comic book . The remixers , Jonathan Peters and Tommy Musto , turn in passable work ; Peters brings his usual bouncy , over-the-top progressive style , while Musto 's mixes are thankfully a bit lower-ley , leaning closer to garage . Of course , Summer 's pipes sound as good as ever -- because she 's so closely associated with disco , I think many people are dismissive of her talent , but any objective listen would reveal that she indeed has incredible power , depth and range . If you need evidence of this , then skip this tragic release and instead buy the VH1 live CD . There , not only does she prove -LRB- again -RRB- that she can deliver live , but also the two new studio tracks are terrific , certainly better than anything here . For die-hard fans only .
 Why does Tomas Lindberg spread himself so thin ? With this band , The Crown , Disfear , and Nightrage he does what he has always done and that should be great right ? Wrong . Too much of the same old thing gets sickening and this is no exception . And the music is boring and dare I say almost nu-metal ? Terrible
 This is n't a Official QR Best of Collection by the band . Just another cheap record company version put out . I believe just the one called QUIET RIOT THE GREATEST HITS is actually the only real official compilation in the bands catalog of music . Even that one only covers the band in the 80 's . It would take someone like Frankie Banali to put together a REAL compilation spanning the bands ENTIRE career from the 80 's -2000 's . Including the CRAPTASTIC Guilty Pleasures , and Rehab cd 's .
 this is really not my type of music ... . but , I love the song `` too bad about you , '' I listen to it obsessively . : - -RRB-
 The ocean noise on this CD is good and calms my 11 week old , but a few minutes into it there are seagulls calling . They are loud and startle the baby and then he needs to be calmed again , only to be disrupted by more seagulls later . Because of the seagulls , this is not a good CD .
 I 've been doing a search for Passover music , and took a chance on this one . It 's an example of why too many people think that Jewish music is dull and old-fashioned . Judy 's voice is thin and tremulous , the musical accompaniment is practically non-existent . One gets the feeling that Judy 's loving family paid to help her make this recording on a shoestring . The renditions are so solemn , slow , and lifeless that this might be funeral music , not music for a joyful celebration of food , family , and freedom.Don ' t waste your money and for goodness sake , do n't make your seder guests listen to this .
 This CD sounds like it was designed for a Passover Seder just after a funeral . Passover should be a joyous , exciting and fun holiday . Many of the songs are usually uptempo , uplifting and inspirational . `` Songs of the Seder '' slows everything down and turns exciting songs into dark , slow , sad pieces . Hee Nay Mah Tov , Go Down Moses , Dah-yay-noo and others all sound as though they are on the wrong speed . We were extremely disappointed with this disk , particularly since we read such nice reviews of it on this site.By way of comparison , try Cindy Paley 's `` A Singing Seder '' which is full of life . fresh and exciting .
 The only problem I have with this , is that the number one song is named jack sparrow , instead of - Captain - Jack Sparrow .
 I was quite looking forward to this soundtrack ... I loved Klaus Badelt 's soundtrack to POTC
 Nowhere near as good as the first soundtrack and the final track is down right criminal . What was the composer thinking ? The only good thing about it is the snips that resemble the first soundtrack . Spare yourself the expense and stick with the first soundtrack . If you did n't pick up the first one , you 're missing something special and if you did , it 's the only `` Pirate Music '' you 'll need for now . Let 's see what happens with the third one .
 Everyone has an opinion , and music is so subjective to begin with-That said - neither Dead mans Chest or the third installment of the films music have near the lyric quality or melodic themes of the 1st . plus this to me , is devoid of emotion - its a film score just like many , many others - However , the exception is Davy Jones theme . I do rather like it - but again I would prefer it more simple . And all those who think they can recognize Zimmer ? sorry , but Badelt would not have been credited with composing the melody on Curse had he not done just that.I do n't think Zimmers variations on the original theme do anything for the music or the film . I liked the original - a more contemporary treatment is just not my cup of tea - but it will be for someone else .
 I 'm a professional musician who has been collecting music soundtracks for over 20 years . I 'm very particular with my selections , and only choose those that exhibit inspired and unique qualities . I was excited at picking up `` Dead Man 's Chest '' after hearing the brooding tones along with the original theme from the first movie . I was appalled to learn after purchasing this soundtrack that neither the opening credits music nor the end credits music was included on the CD ! -LRB- When previewing the selections I figured maybe these selections were included under some of the named tracks on the cd -RRB- These two selections are typically the two places where the composer is free to present the movies themes in a more or less `` concert '' version that is uninhibited by movie action . While there is plenty of brooding music in this CD , it is all incidental music and the main theme is only heard in it 's entirety one time ! What music producer would leave off such standard selections ? None of the other soundtracks that I own ! This soundtrack is a total let down . Buy `` Black Pearl '' instead .
 First , let me say that Amazon needs a selectioon of zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars - this turkey doe n't even deserve the single star I gave it . Like another reviewer , I bought this CD in hopes of hearing the beginning and ending theme tracks . If you 're looking for those - SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!! They 're NOT on this CD !!!! To add insult to the disc , they even added some LEEEHOOOSER Disco Bunny artist 's track at the end of the CD as filler ! If I had n't ordered this CD from Amazon , I 'd take it back to the store and get my money back . Paying the return shipping is n't worth my time and trouble to do this , I 'll just keep the CD to show others who may be interested in buying it to avoid it and save their money.It 's really a shame that the beginning and ending credit themes are not on this CD . I really enjoyed staying in the theater all the way through the credits just listening to the music . My only wish was that they could have had the voulme up at it 's normal blasting level -LRB- odd that our theater had it turned down a bit -RRB- . The movements throughout the ending credits were just that good . As one other reviewer stated -LRB- Kyle T. Lane -RRB- , this album really is a dissapointment and a let down . Save your money and grab a copy off a torrent .
 After listening to the Pirates of the Caribbean
 When I first heard that Hans Zimmer was going to provide the score for Dead Man 's Chest , all hopes I had for a good consolation after the droning catastrophe that was Curse Of The Black Pearl were instantly gone.After hearing Da Vinci Code , though , I thought well , maybe Zimmer has a good year and it wo n't be that bad.Boy was I wrong.To get one thing out of the way right now . When you have to deal with Media Ventures , you never know who the heck is doing what ; but Zimmer did write all the themes for Curse Of The Black Pearl , Badelt just used them.So , in Dead Man 's Chest , Zimmer got the first opportunity to unfold his own thematic material.Unfortunately , his approach , although different from Badelt 's , is just as ineffective and plainly annoying.Jack Sparrow 's theme is ... well , it 's without character . It brushes Jack 's wackyness and adventurous side somehow , but if I heard that thing -LRB- even knowing it was a POTC theme -RRB- out of context , I could n't indentify it with Jack.The Kraken introduces the sound of an organ . Actually , the integration of an organ sounded like a good idea at first because it depicts evil creatures very well , but the execution , as always , is extremely dire . The so - called Kraken theme is merely a lifted theme from Batman Begins , nothing more , and it 's just not the kind of writing that makes an organ sound massive . The synth beats underneath are just too wierd and too much of a contrast.Then the only theme left is Davy Jones ' . The music box tune is kind of interesting , we have to see how it fits into the character , but boy oh boy did my head hurt when I heard electric guitars twanging . You do n't even have to fight over this ; it 's bad , just bad . If there was ever a wrong choice in film music , this is it . James Horner already came up with more than questionable ideas , but this one tops them all . ALL I say!The major problem with almost every track is that although Zimmer tried to do some `` character work '' and establish different identities , everything builds into the same loud , brassy , orchestral crash - filled action climax sooner or later.The problem with the overall sound quality is the same as always . Zimmer so much relies of the lowest extremes of instruments that the result is extremely stale and shallow . Everything just mushes together . Even the organ loses its power and brightness because of that low end writing.These things just showcase that Zimmer has either no clue of orchestration or that he finds this pale mass powerful.And I 've yet to hear a Zimmer score with a clever integration of woodwinds anyway.I really ca n't believe there are people who actually like this mess . The general argument always goes : `` This is n't pirate music '' `` But Pirates Of The Caribbean is no real pirate movie ! `` Of course the Pirates Of The Caribbean series is not really home in the pirates genre , but neither is it a generic action - adventure flick as the music implies.And I do n't see why Zimmer 's utterly generic and monotonous music should be called good or at least sufficent , just because the film is not 100 % pirate movie.Do you remember when you were a little kid , you watched a TV show , and you just knew , even as a child , that the music was totally ineffective , corny and out of place?Well , that 's the kind of music Hans Zimmer produced for Dead Man 's Chest . Neither artsy , nor effective , nor `` different '' , just really really bad stuff .
 It was like Hans Zimmer was too lazy to think of anything new . The music was my favorite part of the first film and I was excited to hear new music on the second , only it was basically the same . Way to be original .
 These guys have been doing the local Connecticut scene for over a decade . The band has gone through several lineup changes over the years , but they never seem to be able to break out onto the national market . I 'll give their drummer some props , but that 's about it . The cd left me wanting more , a lot more . A valiant effort , but I 'd say it 's mediocre at best .
 Although I highly recommend this album as an upbeat and fun album , one of my fave of Mingus 's early 60 's works , the CD has an issue . The last few seconds of Lock 'Em Up are cut off on my copy ! I 've had the LP prior to the CD and was let down to find this to be true . I 'd recommend that you try the iTunes download instead , as iTunes has the track clocking in at 6:40 , compared to this CD 's 6:35 !!! The iTunes version is not compromised . I am not sure of the download version here , as I have not tried it.This is a five star album , as MDM is well worth the price of admission , but this CD version gets one star from me , due to the glitch at the end of Lock 'Em Up!And , as Mingus himself says in the album 's intro , `` That 's what you 're supposed to do , tell 'em what 's happenin ' ! ''
 After a long and excellent musical career , who would have thought a terrible CD could happen to this band?As hard as it is for me to say , as this band has always been close to my heart , this cd is extremely disappointing in both musical quality and substance ... completly uninspired drivel.save yourself and buy ANY of their other CD 's first , they are all great.the cover choices on this CD are syrupy sweet , sentimental and exhausted ... these guys have always been able to straddle the line with sentiment and exhuberance , but this one fell off the fence into a prickly patchi am so disappointed with this cd and with the band for making it ... eagerly awaiting the next CD of their own material .
 the test for a successful cover is that given a choice between the original or the cover , you 'd go with the cover . in nearly every instance here i was reminded how much better the original was . karen peris 's lovely voice becomes monotomous as she slowly whines on one song after the other . her voice is normally on the `` sleepy-side '' , so when she purposely slows it down it just turns dull . i like IM 's version of `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow , '' other than that i would opt for the original . they just are n't adding anything to these classic tracks .
 Combine Karen 's lazy articulation -LRB- the older she gets the fewer consonants she 's inclined to pronounce -RRB- with Don 's arrangements of songs intended to put children to sleep , & what do you get ? An album that puts everyone to sleep , if it does n't annoy you enough to turn it off first . Me , I 'll take Burl Ives singing `` The Moon Is the North Wind 's Cookie , '' & an assortment of Mozart adagios for promoting a peaceful dreamland . Or Kristin Hersh 's `` Murder , Misery and Then Goodnight , '' a collection of traditional folk songs she learned from her father . `` Now the Day Is Over '' thank heavens , maybe tomorrow wo n't be as boring .
 Not the worst cd I have and certainly not offensive . However , lacks depth , character , and content . Could be good for the kids . Bought it because I fell in love with a track I heard on Radio Paradise . Overall I could have spent the money in other ways .
 I love the selections and the musical arrangements.But I have never , in my life heard a more grating , irritating , cringe-making voice . I heartily endorse what a previous reviewer said about lazy consonants ... first Karen was seeing fields of `` gween '' , not she 's warbling about `` two dwiftas '' . Now her homeland is being blessed `` fowever '' , making me wish for the blessing of Julie Andrews ' diction.If it was a genuine speech impediment I would not carp . But I feel it 's a faux-naif attempt to sound like a child by mixing and blending sounds together , adding ten tons of sugar and then deep frying the lot in syrup and valium .
 I am new to the Innocence Mission . We have a one year old baby , so a friend gave us this CD as a gift . For me , Karen Peris 's voice has the `` nails across the blackboard '' effect on me . She has no range and her voice is cloying . I am not expecting rock 'n roll or anything like that , but I just can not find anything attractive in her voice . She absolutely `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow , '' a classic and a song that I want to associate with my relatively unspoiled childhood . Oh well , different strokes for different folks .
 ... I do not love this cd ... as I am sure I should ... the quality simply -LSB- ... -RSB- ... I do not know if it 's just my copy , or what ... but it seems as if this was recorded in a cardboard box using vintage Radio Shack dynamic microphones , circa 1959 . The digital remastering did little to enhance my copy ...
 gdfsf
 I like this better when they were called Uniform Choice and it was 1986 . The guys have serious Old Timers Disease . The probably have not purchased a hardcore record in 12 years and then think that they are doing us a favor by putting out a record that shows us `` how it is really done . '' I saw a live video of them and they look like they sound
 From the opening note , this is the first Ignite CD . Then they get very generic and go off about MTV and selling out . Nothing new . IF you like melodic hardcore like this , I 'd say go for ignite . they do it a lot better and do n't waste all their lyrics with typical scene jargon . I think it 's funny so many kids will eat this stuff up . If this is `` The american hardcore scene '' as the band says ... well then I 'm moving overseas .
 It 's not just that Paul Reynolds quit the band . I am not sure AFOS could have survived Reynolds departure as he was the man with the chops . The problem was the Score brothers and Frank Maudsley were no longer a band . The Scores were living in the U.S. and Frank was back in Liverpool , and Mike Score got his way with the project . Mike said over and over again how he was going to shed the band 's sci-fi image . The problem was not that he lost the hair-do and Ridley Scott-style videos , but he lost producers Mike Howlett and Conny Plank . I wished for a return to the dark and haunting synth-rock of `` Listen , '' but Mike gave me DCT , a hokey stab R&B pop with salacious lyrics and studio work stitched together with too many session musicians and crummy backing vocalists . When you were as intrigued with `` Wishing '' and its accompanying video as I was , `` Love on Your Knees '' and `` Say So Much '' were like getting obscene phone calls from Dr. Dave Bowman . Talk about creepy ! `` A Whole Lot of Loving '' sounds like big budget version of the Shaggs !
 To me , this fourth release from the Flock was a disappointment , esp . after `` Story of a Young Heart . '' The Band 's being stiffed by the public when `` Heart '' was released prompted them to change their style to try to meet the then-current musical fashion . It hurt this CD and annihilated -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- their fifth and last.I have always thought `` Hot Tonight '' was a superb track on this CD , and that the rest was largely filler . If its price falls enough on the used market , perhaps worth picking up for that one track . That 's how I 'll be thinking anyway ... Since this CD does not really capture the sound this band became well-known for , I would not recommend it until you have heard their first 3 CDs -LRB- A Flock of Seagulls , Listen , and The Story of a Young Heart -RRB- , or at least their first two , since `` Heart '' is hard to find -LRB- 8-2008 update
 As stated by other reviewers this album is not that good . It has some strong tracks like ` How could you ever leave me ' and ` Hot Tonight ' , but thats about it . The band lost their edge after Paul Reynolds left . Mike Score came out with ` Light at the End of the world ' in 1994 or 1995 , which is a worthy follow up to ` Story of a Young Heart ' . This one is best left in the dark . *** Die Hard Fans Only ***
 While other girls in high school were paperwalling their wall with Duran Duran , I was using A Flock of Seagulls . They were my favorite band . Love the first album , love the second album and love the third album.This CD is their 4th album . At the time I could n't wait for the album to be released . I rushed to the store and bought it and excitedly listened to it . After that I sold the album to never check out any of their new music . It was a real disappointment . You still could n't pay me to listen to it . The only song I like is `` Whole lot of loving '' and may be the only reason I will ever consider buying the CD -- used . I would n't pay full price for it.A friend said she saw some interview with them about how much the better the music is without Paul Reynolds playing the guitar . If that is true , then the band is definitely wrong . I am sorry , I can not recommend this album to anyone .
 The only thing the elevated Flock Of Seagulls above the rest of the euro-80 's - new wave pack was the under-rated , but brilliant , guitar work of Paul Reynolds . He left the band before this album and they did n't even bother to replace him , they just added more cheesy keyboards . The result sounds like 4th rate Thompson Twins and completely fails to capture the sound or energy of the the first 3 albums .
 I remember being a high school senior back in 1985 , and listening to AFOS first two albums nearly nonstop . Then `` Story of A Young Heart '' came out , and although I did n't -LRB- initially -RRB- regard it as highly as the previous two discs , I gradually warmed to it and gave it a spot in my musical pantheon alongside A Flock 's previous albums.So obviously , I purchased `` Dream Come True '' when it was released and ... was stunned by just how bad it was . I mean , how could their talent have deteriorated so rapidly between albums 3 and 4 ? A lot of this , I think , had to do with the departure of guitarist Paul Reynolds - a very underrated player , in my opinion . At any rate , `` Dream Come True '' pretty much marked the end of AFOS . -LRB- Mike Score still performs - with an ever-changing lineup of musicians - as A Flock Of Seagulls , and I continue to hear rumors about a tour featuring some original members , but nothing concrete . -RRB- Ultimately , I 'm left with a question about the re-release of `` Dream Come True ''
 I am amazed they reissued this without adding bonus tracks like probably their best song ` Cosmos -LRB- Effect of the Sun -RRB- ' b-side to ` Heartbeat like a Drum ' 12inch . HOW ? I do n't care since I perfectly transferred that song to CD . You truly do n't know Flock without hearing Cosmos.Sad pathetic reissue to a poor album to begin with . Outright embarrassing corny lyrics displayed here . I do n't mind the attempt at a new style of sound here , I have a soft spot for ` Heartbeat like a Drum ' but Mike Score truly has nothing left to say . ` Dream Come True ' represents the complete end of this once brilliant band .
 First , the criticism
 I do not like this CD much . Any other CD they have done EVER is better than this one . I am happy it is seeing the light of day but if you want to get into the flock try anything else . My favorite is `` story of the young heart '
 How can u be both as they claim ? ... . surely thats a paradox
 I had previously bought the CD `` Catholic Latin Classics '' by the Cathedral Singers and loved it . I had hoped this CD would be in the same vein , seeing the titles represented . The vocal part was OK , but the accompiniment by guitar was disappointing . I 'm burnt out on guitar strumming liturgical music . I hear pop and folk music 24/7 . I do n't want any more to go along with religious themes . Enough already .
 Ah yes emo , the soundtrack to rich white kids in the suburbs who listen to this junk because the new brat pack on the O.C. does . Well personally I hate emo , seriously , like there are very few forms of music I can simply not tolerate , country-rap-pop `` punk-emo , that 's it . I just ca n't stand those genres at all they piss me off.To emo listeners
 With the joyful , relevatory `` Stories from the City , Stories from the Sea '' , Polly Jean Harvey did something that many people thought impossible
 -LRB- 2.5 Stars -RRB- On Uh Huh Her , Harvey presents a spare overview of her entire catalog . There are bluesy-punk tracks -LSB- -LRB- Dry -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and Rid of Me -LRB- 1993 -RRB- -RSB- , dense industrial/blues numbers -LSB- To Bring You My Love -LRB- 1995 -RRB- -RSB- , and many songs are lightly peppered with electronics -LSB- Is this Desire ? -LRB- 1998 -RRB- -RSB- . In a sense , she applied the same approach on her previous release , Stories from the City , Stories from the Sea . But Stories was the product of Harvey leading a full quartet -LRB- composed of the same musicians on Dry and Rid of Me -RRB- , whereas she made Uh Huh Her almost entirely on her own ; about half the the songs feature only one or two instruments -LRB- played by her -RRB- , with a few other modest contributors . Stories and Uh-Huh Her are also markedly different in mood
 First off , i firmly believe that Harvey 's `` To give you my love '' older album is the best album ever recorded by a female singer . Yes , i know that you know I 'm about to start a rather negative review . But being as it is , and also being that i own all of P.J 's albums and love most of them , i think this is a somewhat dissapointing effort.Sure , had this been a debut album by some other artist most of us would be talking about what a wonderful and promising outing this is.But this is not the case , we 're talking about a seasoned singer here , a legend for some because of her incredible delivery and surreal voice , as well as the deep cutting lyrics.On that merit , `` Uh Huh Her '' simply doesnt do it , and no , please dont give me the usual `` if you listen to her album 64 times it will grow on you '' because that might be the case with MANY albums if you force a brainwashing on yourself . A musical album either cuts it for you upon a few listens or it doesnt.I appreciate Harvey much too much so not even the bias factor isnt there , at least not so as to affect me negatively.As some other reviewer here said , and i agree obviously , this is a lazy album , the songs are simply good but not special , the agenda of the lyrics we 've heard before from Harvey . She ` s merely rehashing older mottos here . Not to mention that this is the first LP of hers after a seriously long while where there 's nothing catchy about the music . Some might say that this is a return to her older rougher and raw sound , but hey , she 's isnt known for that type of sound but for later albums.Things can only get better with her next release .
 Half baked , lazy , tired , ` phoning it in ' . No new ground here . Obviousely out of ideas . Time to look elsewhere for inspiration .
 Usually only hipsters claim to like this woman 's music . Honest folk do n't really care about her , because she is n't that good.My sister and her boyfriend work in record stores and this summer they drove from Vancouver to Boston and back again , and I tagged along , as my parents divorced in June of 2002 and my dad returned to his Massachusetts homeland . For most of the journey they played various PJ Harvey albums non-stop , so I was forced to listen.I much would have preferred to hear Bruce or Metallica , but I made the best of a bad situation and tried to get into her music . Some of her songs are quite good , but she 's yet to make a consistant album.She 's too concerned with sounding cool and gritty and her music suffers for it . There are kids at my school who try too hard to be weird , and everybody sees right through them.I found Ugh Huh Her to be the most inconsistant of all her albums.When I said I like the song `` The Letter '' my sister 's boyfriend Chet mocked me by saying something along the lines of `` figures you 'd like that one , it 's the most commerical song '' . That 's part of the problem . While a lot of commercial music is terrible , some aspects of popular music are classic . Melody , emotion , catchy lyrics . This woman just sings about her pocket knife and other crap nobody cares about.Is This Desire ? is her best album.But I 'd still rather listen to The Ghost of Tom Joad or Born in the USA .
 The music is awful . But you 've got to hand it to her for consistency . She 's ugly , the music is ugly , and the art is ugly . If you 're looking for something intentionally foul to match , even amplify , your black mood - something to lower the human condition generally , you 've found it . Harvey 's an affront to all , and now with her album in tow , you can be as well .
 Four years before Uh Huh Her , PJ Harvey released Stories from the City , Stories from the Sea . While Harvey had previously played with punk rock , three chord blues , and trip-hop , that album was unabashedly poppy - and proved she was n't allergic to major chords . It was obviously the product of a life on the upswing and stood in stark contrast to her previous albums , which always felt as if they were drenched in misery . The tunes had strong melodies with great hooks , and , as a bonus , the album also featured a great guest shot from Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke.Harvey 's stated approach to creating albums is `` get as far away from the last one as possible '' - and I suppose that Uh Huh Her is a success exclusively in that regard . We 're back to bluesy punk in minor keys , the melodies are plainer than ever before , and Polly is her miserable old self again . No groovy guest shots here , as Harvey pulled off this album solo ; aside from Rob Ellis on drums and a few contributions from her producer pal Head , this one is all her . She plays almost all the instruments , is the sole credited producer , and , as usual , wrote every song by herself.The album starts with the `` The Life and Death of Mr. Badmouth '' - yes , that 's really the title . It 's monotonous , flimsy , and gratuitously `` dark , '' all of which are common weaknesses on this album ; the follow-up , `` Shame , '' suffers from the same thematic problems , but packs a stronger melodic punch . Third is `` Who the F# $ & ? '' , a piece of musical tripe in which Harvey emulates the glee of a 6-year-old who just learned his first bad word ; maybe it 's supposed to be a `` fun '' moment or retaliation for her last album getting slapped with an unwarranted Explicit Lyrics tag . Regardless , it 's crap , as is `` Pocket Knife , '' a serious contender for the worst murder ballad ever written ; its rich premise is undermined by a terrible riff , abysmal lyrics , and gimmicky , affected vocal delivery.Things pick up considerably after that . `` The Letter '' is a song about the sex appeal of handwriting - yes , really - and it 's one of the album 's few gems thanks to its infectious melody and Harvey 's effortlessly sexy delivery ; it 's the one `` fun '' tune on this album , and one of the few where Harvey seems truly present . The mood piece `` The Slow Drug , '' with its low , pulsating melody and otherworldly lyrics , provides a welcome change of pace - a change quickly punctured by `` No Child of Mine , '' a punchy , one-minute tune that Harvey would later rework into a graceful five-minute duet with Marianne Faithfull.This good streak is ended by `` Cat on the Wall , '' a screechy failed-relationship tune with utterly banal lyrics . The next two tracks are a bit bland , but do have genuine merit ; `` You Come Through , '' though inferior to the recording on the Peel Sessions album , is still a solid song and carries an air of plaintive sweetness - something very rare coming from PJ Harvey - and `` It 's You '' is a mildly disturbing portrait of obsessive teenage lust . As the album winds down , we 're `` treated '' to a throwaway instrumental deceptively titled `` The End . '' Following that is `` The Desperate Kingdom of Love '' - one of the better songs on the album , except for the goofily grim title . A one minute recording of seagull cries is the pretentious segue into the forgettable closer , `` The Darker Days of Me & Him , '' which rivals `` Badmouth '' for gratuitous darkness and `` Cat on the Wall '' for banality.This is n't a terrible album ; it 's just one where nothing works as well as it should . For the first time in Harvey 's career , her misery and moodiness feels completely forced , which prevents most of the material from feeling truly genuine ; that 's the death blow for this album , because Harvey usually pours her heart and soul into even her worst compositions . It also seems that she simply can not carry a studio album by herself ; her brand of genius must require a bit of coaxing from an experienced producer to reach its full potential . The good songs here are just good , and the bad ones are extremely bad , so this album is barely worth buying for PJ Harvey 's existing fans ; newcomers would be better served by virtually any other album in her discography .
 I love PJ Harvey and I desperately tried to like this album . I listened to it constantly for three days . The problem is it 's a lesser version of her earlier album `` Dry '' . And that 's being generous.Courtney Love once said that with her `` America 's Sweetheart '' CD , she went and made the record she 's been waiting for Polly Jean to make . Well , Courtney will be disappointed and selfishly elated with this latest release . Disappointed because there 's nothing new or worthwhile here and elated because her own record trumps `` Uh Huh Her '' in every way.There are a couple of bright spots . `` Shame '' is an introspection on obsessive love . My personal favorite , `` The Desperate Kingdom of Love '' is an ethereal diversion to the harshness of the rest of the record . As is the last song , `` The Darker Days of Me & Him '' . I wanted Harvey to take a risk with this record , even if that meant a few uncharacteristically commercial sounds . She did n't . Fans of Harvey have heard all of this before ... and better . Ironically , it 's a `` Shame '' .
 Listeng to this album , you realize what a charade it all is . For someone so good at reaping havoc at her best -LRB- Dry ; To Bring You My Love ; Stories from the City , Stories frm the Sea -RRB- , and at least being intriguing at her most murky -LRB- Is This Desire ? -RRB- , PJ Harvey -LRB- the band , but specifically Polly -RRB- sure does exhaust its vocabulary on this record . Despite a handful of really nice tracks -LRB- The Letter ; Pocket Knife ; Shame -RRB- , the album really comes off as something streched and contrived at times , which is not a criticism I would have ever expected to be able to give her . Stories from the City ... was slick and lyrically easy in some places , but the whole of the record was remarkably strong . This one actually feel like LESS than the sum of its parts to me though . I just do n't buy into it like I usually do her music . And could someone please explain Cat on the Wall ? Why , PJ ?
 This is my 6th PJ Harvey cd . And it 's probably my least favorite . I waited awhile before I wrote this review . I wanted to have a chance to listen to this cd many times and absorb it . I 'd read many other reviews here that said the cd would grow on you after awhile , so I wanted to be fair before I wrote my opinion . I 've probably heard it about 10-15 times now . And I think no more favorably of it now than I did when I first gave it a listen.Let me start off by saying that if I were judging this cd on it 's own merit , I would probably give it 3 stars . The first 5 songs here are nice -LRB- not great or that memorable though -RRB- . The rest of the cd is just really a watered-down version of what this genious is capable of . BUT , I 'm judging this cd in comparison with the rest of PJ Harvey 's catalog , and it just does n't stand up.I know there are a lot of people out there who really like this cd , so maybe I 'm missing something ... but my honest opinion is that this is the weakest of her albums . I love PJ Harvey . I think To Bring You My Love is the best cd of the 90 's -- hands down . But Uh Huh Her does n't even make a blip on my radar . It 's forgettable and expendable . Too much filler and not enough substance .
 I randomly pulled out this CD the other day and threw it in . Sometimes a record I 'm not fond of at the time of release turns around and smacks me upside the head 5 years later . Bossanova for example . But Uh Huh Her remains wretched in the context of PJ Harvey 's entire ouvre , a clunky , overcalculated mess of blahhh songwriting , half-hearted `` heavy songs , '' and overall off-putting psychic air . `` Who the F**k '' is so incompetent on so many levels it makes me feel embarrassed for poor little Polly J . How can this possibly be averaging 4 stars?Who knows why this record blows so much ? Maybe she 'd been hanging out too much with serious rock music performers , e.g. , Mr Eric Drew Feldman on the cover , the Queens of the Stone Age people , etc. . Maybe she was in a good mood , and really wanted to make a sunny happy record , but thought that in the wake of the somewhat anodyne `` Stories from the City , Stories from the Sea , '' marketing required something nasty-n-grungy , something people would speak of in the same breath as to `` Rid of Me . '' Why folks actually do compare these two albums is a puzzle . One is , to repeat , clunky and overcalculated -- even obnoxiously bitchy in a sorority girl way -- while the other is a deeply strange , offhandedly brutal , weirdly erotic , almost perfectly realized work of genius -LRB- outside of a couple useless tracks . -RRB- I guess they are similar in that neither works well as a party record.Luckily Polly Jean has more or less returned to form , probably by doing what capital-A artists do -- focusing on craft and following her muse .
 why is it that musical genius so rarely lasts ? i could not agree more with the austin , tx review ... pj harvey has lost it . check out `` bows & arrows , '' one of the b-sides to The Letter ... it is one of the worst songs i have ever heard committed to CD ! i have been fanatically devoted to pj harvey for the last several years , but now i fear it is time to move on , for good.p.s . only one thing i disagree with in austin , tx 's review ... you are being too generous in your assessment of why so many people rate this album so highly ... i would say , it is for the same reason so many critics proclaimed Stories her masterpiece ... because most music listeners out there are tasteless idiots !
 This really sounds uninspired . A turgid march for someone 's funeral . If you want to hear a fantastic band with a far superior lead singer then check out Metric .
 This album is too painful to listen to.PJ is out of ideas.Viva some other chick band .
 she has such a credible rep , yet i know this is n't the blues . her songwriting is repetitive , overwrought , and follows the same chord progressions as all of her supposedly less talented peers . better than stories but disappointing overall . i ca n't get over how big a deal critics are making over the fact that she plays all the instruments on this album herself , when there is absolutely no guitar or bass work whatsoever . embarrassing .
 This is absolutely the worst follow up album to the wonderfully produced last LP.I just do n't understand where she 's going with this record.The songs do n't have any meaning or real emotion behind them.By the time I was done listening to the record , I basically wished it was never recorded.If you 're a fan of `` To Bring You My Love '' , `` Is This Desire '' and `` Stories From the City , Stories From the Sea '' , do n't waste your time with this record !!!
 Okay , usually the sound of PJ 's intense , obsessive moaning sets me to drooling . I need to confess that much to you . This , however , is the most frustrating addition to her canon . It promises so much and delivers so very little.From the pouty frown on the cover to the opening salvo of `` Mr. Badmouth '' , I thought this was going to be another stunner like STORIES FROM THE CITY . Not even close . There are a handful of moments here that smolder like the best of her work but never spark and catch fire . This sounds like it was written & recorded in one day . Not her best day . Everything sounds unfinished . I do n't mean raw like DRY or abrasive like RID OF ME . I mean a distinct lack of power . There are a lot of song fragments . `` No Child Of Mine '' could have been one of the finest PJ HARVEY songs , but at the precise moment where she seems ready to veer it into greatness she chokes it . Stops it dead . It may be an attempt at a middle-finger taunt , but it 's not dramatic . Just irritating . The most fleshed out number is `` Pocketknife '' . It 's as good as anything she 's ever done ... and sounds completely out of place here . `` The Desperate Kingdom of Love '' plays like an out-take from IS THIS DESIRE ? It 's got a delicate beauty but is recorded at levels that over-emphasize QUIET ! I do n't need to be beat over the head with silence . I get it . It 's not an original idea . F@$# post-modernism . She 's fully capable of working `` The Darker Days Of Me & Him '' into a frothy intoxicating brew . She just did n't do it . Aside from that there are songs on here that are utterly unlistenable.With UH HUH HER she 's giving you scraps . Sure her scraps would be seen as brilliance in lesser artists but she 's NOT a lesser artist.Of course you must own this if you 're a fan . You would n't want to be without `` Pocketknife '' , `` Mr. Badmouth '' or even the 68 seconds of `` No Child of Mine '' , but if you are just now coming around to Polly 's gifts ? You can skip this one .
 On the surface it seems like she 's gone back to her early days of gritty raw sound , but the songs are just not up to par . `` Cat on the Wall '' and `` The Radio '' have got to be the worst songs on the album ; annoying melodies/hooks - discordant with no resolution , no buildup/climax/suspense , it 's like random whining . I have nothing against minimalism , but the riffs are uncreative . `` The Letter '' is not bad , `` Shame '' is catchy/melancholic , wished it could have been developed more . If you 're new to PJ Harvey , get ` Rid of Me ' and ' 4-Track Demos ' instead .
 The entire of this album could be summed up in the sound of a once-talented rock and roll heiress laughing as she passes what amounts to four years ' worth of bad demos and horribly-produced rubbish off on her faithful and blinded fans . A true mistake and cause for someone to be dropped from their label HARD . I can think of nothing more insulting to truly talented musicians trying to make it out there than to have something like this on a major , and to have its cover art disgraced by a logo THREATENING me not to COPY the thing -LRB- as if anyone else would want it -RRB- is beyond mind-numbingly hilarious . A true disaster in every way .
 I was really disappointed . After hearing it a couple of times , I put `` Dry '' in my CD player to cleanse my mind before giving it more time . The album is a mishmash of the styles of her previous albums . She 's also out of ideas lyrically . The words are so clumsy and amateurish ; they are what I would expect from a too-earnest college-age PJ Harvey wannabe . There are glimmers of something better in there , but it just feels like she 's run out of steam and is mining the past . But her heart 's not in it and it shows . She 's really trying , you can tell , but it 's just not real . `` Who the F -- ? '' is just a miserable , terrible song . I do n't know what she was thinking . She clearly wants `` Pocket Knife '' to sound creepy and scary but does n't know how . The others just kind of blend together in a mediocre melange . It 's like she collected all the rejects from previous albums to make a single , bad album.I attribute other people 's positive reviews to them really wanting this to be another great album and their reluctance to acknowledge that it 's not . I wanted it to be great , too , but it is what it is . You could almost feel her going crazy and then becoming sane again if you listened to the previous albums chronologically . Maybe now that she 's sane , she does n't have the gift she once did . I hope this is just a bump in the road , but I 'm afraid it 's not .
 If you like Winger you 'll love Greg Johnson 's guitar work and whammy bar action . P.S. the lead singer sounds like Geddy -LRB- How did his voice get so high -RRB- Lee . This is better than canned cheese . Please use this disc as a frizzbee . These boys rock that lama 's ... !
 Nice selection of artists , how could you mess up a cd with all of these stars ? Well , DJ clue must have solved the mystery on how to do just that . His obnoxious yelling is painfull for the ears . This is definiteley an album to leave on the shelves .
 If DJ Clue could keep himself from shouting the most annoying interjections every 5 seconds of every song , this CD would probably be one of my favorites . Almost all the tracks are really good , but DJ Clue successfully ruins every single one by either giving himself props every few seconds , telling us who 's MC , or just yelling ... with his stupid stadium effect mic . CD is a would-be-good , but loudmouth Clue makes it a waste of money .
 thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratch
 Wow ... Clue REALLY changed his style from the last professional huh ?! Man , that 's just ker-a-z . The last album was better but i guess this one wuz `` AAIGHT '' . . not exactly somethin you 'd wan na waste your money on though . . i just peeped the trax offa amazon and just listened to a few seconds of it but uhh ... a few seconds still makes a difference . . yea . . i 'm really feelin that `` Change the game '' single with Jay-z . That single is HYPED . . sounds like the only tight songs on this cd are THAT -LRB- change the game -RRB- , What the beat , the best of Queenz , and maybe even . . the Trick Daddy song if i can get a listen but uhh . . that 's about it . . just FOUR songs . . but hey . . different strokes fo ' different folkz right ? I would n't reccomend this but u can peep it if u want.Peace .
 Even though I was n't a big Clue fan back in his mix tape days , he still dropped the raw joints on the street before anyone else could here them . I knew this kat had connection because of different artist he premiered on his tapes and that these artist would take him far in the hip hop game . My only dislike back when was the fact that he screamed his irritating voice over some of the best songs . Now that he has his fame ... . someone misinformed him of his producing skills . The Professional pt .1 was his first mistake but had some hot joints for the radio . This one is a nightmare !! All the beats sound the same or formed over the hesitated beat . And what 's even worse , he got his lame , bling-bling , champagne sippin Rocafella crew all over this CD . Jay-Z was a favorite underground MC of mine way back when , but now ... please . Bleek and Sigeal are 2 of the most fake thugs in the industry . A thug is someone society is scared of , these 2 my mom could beat down with a switch . And someone please tell Foxy Brown it was over after the `` Firm '' went under . The only reason these artist are title `` HOT '' is because of video . Man-oh-Man where would 90 % of artist out today be without Video TV . It 's scary , because music fans are gullible to what radio and Video TV says is hot or maybe it 's just me wanting `` SOMETHING DIFFERENT '' to listen to . Someone else wrote that the MC 's was n't holding up to Clue 's production , to me it 's reversed . Clue gathered a lot tight MC 's with very different styles and tried to produce them over his stale beats . Good points to this CD are
 What a waste of a good CD . Clue knows exactly to chime in on his songs with stupid `` Yeah ! '' `` DJ Clue ! '' and other inane comments . At the start , in the middle , towards the end , it do n't matter to him.Clue , we already bought the stupid CD , theres no need to advertise anymore!If your going to blast these songs in your ride , get ready to start bleeding from your ears once he chimes in with all his echo voice idiocy .
 I am a BIG DJ Clue fan , or should I say WAS >> > I was so -LRB- mad -RRB- at this cd . Every song starts out the SAME way . . He sounds like a broken record ... . I mean I know he wants us to know who the RAPPER is but good Lord ... . I gave the CD to a friend ... I own around 600 cd 's , and it was n't even worthy of joining my collection ... . I hope this helps you so that you do n't waste that -LRB- money -RRB- like I did ... . Spend it on something better like D-12 !!!!!!!
 Aside from the Raekwon , Ghostface collaboration , this CD is a surefire enema waiting to happen . Just do n't slip this one on the hi-fi when you 're entertaining one evening . You 'll be kicked off the social register for sure.And what is the deal with DJ Clue 's constant yappering in between cuts ? I thought DJ 's were supposed to be quiet and PLAY RECORDS , not yell out shots to his granny , his momma , his momma 's uncle , cousin PeeWee , Crazy Lester , Lester 's baby 's momma , and so on and so on . Save it for the liner notes , Mr. Clue .
 DJ.CLUE has no clue of what is is doing . First off he is wack , no doubt about it , this is true . Second I think he could learn a thing or two from Tony Touch . He is real . I do n't understand want the music world is going though right now but someone needs to get it together quick , fast and in a hurry because people ca n't keep listing to mess like this . If DJ Clue was in Iraq and he put out this kind of c.d he would have his hands cut off . To be honest he needs them to be cut off right now . Yes DJ Clue has made it into my wack list along with others .
 DJ CLUE NEW ALBUM REPESENTS EVERYTHING THAT IS WRONG IN HIP HOP TODAY . MAINSTREEM RAPPERS SAYING RHYMES OVER AND OVER -LRB- NOTHING NEW -RRB- LIKE THE ROOTS SAYS . THE ONLY OK TRACKS ON IT ARE CREAM 2001 WITH GHOSTFACE AND RAEKWON KICKING ILL VERSES OVER A WHACK BEAT BY CLUE , AND BUSTA AND RAW DIGGA TRACK . EVERYTHING ELSE IS GARBAGE ON THE ALBUM . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CRAP . GO PICK UP THAT SELF SCIENTIFIC ALBUM `` THE SELF SCIENCE '' IF YOU WANT REAL HIP HOP . PEACE
 I used to bragg about this man skills . Maybe he had the flu or something . Then there would be an excuse for the wackest joint I 've heard in a long time . If I could have I would have given this CD one minus . ** WARNING , EXTREMELY WEAK CD . PROCEED WITH CAUTION **
 If this guy has the guption to call himself a dj well then Barney could be a DJ that same repeated sample throughout this LP shows just how much talent he has . he has a very good compilation of artists on this but , he lacks in turntabalism , have DJs sold out like MCs now ?
 This cd has some really great songs , but DJ Clue just totally ruined the songs for me yelling through the beginning and often right in the middle of songs . If you 're going to by a DJ 's cd , buy one made by someone who knows how to .
 DJ clue - the name would suggest that he could DJ , however , this just aint true . If you 're lookin for good DJ skills -LRB- mixin , scratchin etc. -RRB- - do n't look here , try Jam Master Jay , DJ Babu , even DJ Lethal ! However , if you look past the fact that the man has little DJing talent , and ignore his annoying voice for 30 seconds per song , the actual tracks are pretty tite . The Jay-z freestyle is brilliant , the Nas and Mobb Deep tracks are both amazing , and the rest are pretty good as well .
 ... pick up Soundbombing 2 on Rawkus Records . You 'll not only hear some high-quality hip hop , but there 's no yapping between or over the tracks , and the tracks are actually BEAT-MIXED , like a dance mix CD . I never thought rap mix CDs could be done in this fashion , but Soundbombing 2 pulled it off , giving me hope that not all hip-hop DJs are unskilled hacks like Clue or Funkmaster Flex .
 I just wanted to say that cd is a complete waste . I wont even spend a doller on this junk . With the words -LRB- Dj -RRB- In front of his name , i did n't hear 1 scracth on the whole album . maybe alittle computerized scracth thats about it . My self im a true Hip Hop Fan , i listen to Qbert , Babu , Mix MAster MIke , Real dj 's . NOt like Dj CLuE clue CLue ... Music is bad , bad production , has no talent except hollering in the begining of 30 secounds of a song and a hook . Gim me a break Dj IMAGE
 What the hell is DJ Clue 's problem ? He is so annyoing . Once again I was drawn in by DJ Clue 's guest performers & once again I am disappointed by tha fact that he has 2 ruin every song by yelling something stupid . This could be a damn good album if it was n't for Clue 's constant chatter .
 Is it not a given that when you release a new album under no alias ' and you 're name and mug-piece is smothered across the cover to be seen by all that it 's YOUR damn project ? So why does Clue thoughtlessly drop those booty self-shoutouts and apparent truths about his sh -- being `` new '' ? Could it be insecurity ? Who knows . I 'm not so sure I 'd be singing praise about material that is in desperate need of an adrenaline rush . The bulk of the tracks are lifeless and could easily be mistaken for a kiddy record if the MC 's were absent . It 's THAT Mannie Fresh and Master P-like in aural quality . OK , so Jay-Z flips it lovely over Nyshiem 's `` Who Shot Ya '' track . Of course the Funk Doc is gon na wild out ... over any track . Then what ? Then keep your No-Doze handy if you plan on staying awake because this long-winded , annoying material is as dry as the crew DJ Clue runs with . It 's the desert ... without the storm .
 This CD is boring and derivative to the point of being cynical.A better alternative would be to listen to either : a -RRB- the original artists who influenced this bandorb -RRB- someone at least trying to do something new with music.To enjoy this CD you 'd have to really want to like this band , either because you liked Dig or because you 're attracted to their super-cool reputation.If you 're afraid you 're missing out on something by not owning BJM 's back catalogue do n't worry , you 're not .
 Take it from me -LRB- the Praga encyclopedia -RRB- , buy the US version , there 's more tracks . That being said , you could always help out someone who is contributing so much to the world of music and give him some extra cash . Just had to let ya know the US version has more tracks .
 When this group rocks , they wail -- reference cuts # 1 , # 2 and # 13 . Other than that , having listened to the CD several times , and been a popular music fan all my life , I 'm not sure what I heard except a bunch of kids playing around with electronics . Many groups have experimented with new musical forms , themes , lyrics , and so on , over the years , sometimes with results that have a significant impact either immediately or over time . Far from being a trendsetter , this CD , in its better cuts , temporarily entertains , while overall , it costs much more than it is worth and resells at a very steep discount .
 Everyone has an opinion , and music is so subjective to begin with-That said - neither Dead mans Chest or the third installment of the films music have near the lyric quality or melodic themes of the 1st . plus this to me , is devoid of emotion - its a film score just like many , many others - However , the exception is Davy Jones theme . I do rather like it - but again I would prefer it more simple . And all those who think they can recognize Zimmer ? sorry , but Badelt would not have been credited with composing the melody on Curse had he not done just that.I do n't think Zimmers variations on the original theme do anything for the music or the film . I liked the original - a more contemporary treatment is just not my cup of tea - but it will be for someone else .
 I 'm a professional musician who has been collecting music soundtracks for over 20 years . I 'm very particular with my selections , and only choose those that exhibit inspired and unique qualities . I was excited at picking up `` Dead Man 's Chest '' after hearing the brooding tones along with the original theme from the first movie . I was appalled to learn after purchasing this soundtrack that neither the opening credits music nor the end credits music was included on the CD ! -LRB- When previewing the selections I figured maybe these selections were included under some of the named tracks on the cd -RRB- These two selections are typically the two places where the composer is free to present the movies themes in a more or less `` concert '' version that is uninhibited by movie action . While there is plenty of brooding music in this CD , it is all incidental music and the main theme is only heard in it 's entirety one time ! What music producer would leave off such standard selections ? None of the other soundtracks that I own ! This soundtrack is a total let down . Buy `` Black Pearl '' instead .
 First , let me say that Amazon needs a selectioon of zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars - this turkey doe n't even deserve the single star I gave it . Like another reviewer , I bought this CD in hopes of hearing the beginning and ending theme tracks . If you 're looking for those - SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!! They 're NOT on this CD !!!! To add insult to the disc , they even added some LEEEHOOOSER Disco Bunny artist 's track at the end of the CD as filler ! If I had n't ordered this CD from Amazon , I 'd take it back to the store and get my money back . Paying the return shipping is n't worth my time and trouble to do this , I 'll just keep the CD to show others who may be interested in buying it to avoid it and save their money.It 's really a shame that the beginning and ending credit themes are not on this CD . I really enjoyed staying in the theater all the way through the credits just listening to the music . My only wish was that they could have had the voulme up at it 's normal blasting level -LRB- odd that our theater had it turned down a bit -RRB- . The movements throughout the ending credits were just that good . As one other reviewer stated -LRB- Kyle T. Lane -RRB- , this album really is a dissapointment and a let down . Save your money and grab a copy off a torrent .
 After listening to the Pirates of the Caribbean
 When I first heard that Hans Zimmer was going to provide the score for Dead Man 's Chest , all hopes I had for a good consolation after the droning catastrophe that was Curse Of The Black Pearl were instantly gone.After hearing Da Vinci Code , though , I thought well , maybe Zimmer has a good year and it wo n't be that bad.Boy was I wrong.To get one thing out of the way right now . When you have to deal with Media Ventures , you never know who the heck is doing what ; but Zimmer did write all the themes for Curse Of The Black Pearl , Badelt just used them.So , in Dead Man 's Chest , Zimmer got the first opportunity to unfold his own thematic material.Unfortunately , his approach , although different from Badelt 's , is just as ineffective and plainly annoying.Jack Sparrow 's theme is ... well , it 's without character . It brushes Jack 's wackyness and adventurous side somehow , but if I heard that thing -LRB- even knowing it was a POTC theme -RRB- out of context , I could n't indentify it with Jack.The Kraken introduces the sound of an organ . Actually , the integration of an organ sounded like a good idea at first because it depicts evil creatures very well , but the execution , as always , is extremely dire . The so - called Kraken theme is merely a lifted theme from Batman Begins , nothing more , and it 's just not the kind of writing that makes an organ sound massive . The synth beats underneath are just too wierd and too much of a contrast.Then the only theme left is Davy Jones ' . The music box tune is kind of interesting , we have to see how it fits into the character , but boy oh boy did my head hurt when I heard electric guitars twanging . You do n't even have to fight over this ; it 's bad , just bad . If there was ever a wrong choice in film music , this is it . James Horner already came up with more than questionable ideas , but this one tops them all . ALL I say!The major problem with almost every track is that although Zimmer tried to do some `` character work '' and establish different identities , everything builds into the same loud , brassy , orchestral crash - filled action climax sooner or later.The problem with the overall sound quality is the same as always . Zimmer so much relies of the lowest extremes of instruments that the result is extremely stale and shallow . Everything just mushes together . Even the organ loses its power and brightness because of that low end writing.These things just showcase that Zimmer has either no clue of orchestration or that he finds this pale mass powerful.And I 've yet to hear a Zimmer score with a clever integration of woodwinds anyway.I really ca n't believe there are people who actually like this mess . The general argument always goes : `` This is n't pirate music '' `` But Pirates Of The Caribbean is no real pirate movie ! `` Of course the Pirates Of The Caribbean series is not really home in the pirates genre , but neither is it a generic action - adventure flick as the music implies.And I do n't see why Zimmer 's utterly generic and monotonous music should be called good or at least sufficent , just because the film is not 100 % pirate movie.Do you remember when you were a little kid , you watched a TV show , and you just knew , even as a child , that the music was totally ineffective , corny and out of place?Well , that 's the kind of music Hans Zimmer produced for Dead Man 's Chest . Neither artsy , nor effective , nor `` different '' , just really really bad stuff .
 It was like Hans Zimmer was too lazy to think of anything new . The music was my favorite part of the first film and I was excited to hear new music on the second , only it was basically the same . Way to be original .
 I was quite looking forward to this soundtrack ... I loved Klaus Badelt 's soundtrack to POTC
 Nowhere near as good as the first soundtrack and the final track is down right criminal . What was the composer thinking ? The only good thing about it is the snips that resemble the first soundtrack . Spare yourself the expense and stick with the first soundtrack . If you did n't pick up the first one , you 're missing something special and if you did , it 's the only `` Pirate Music '' you 'll need for now . Let 's see what happens with the third one .
 The only problem I have with this , is that the number one song is named jack sparrow , instead of - Captain - Jack Sparrow .
 I wish there were half stars for the review because I would give it 21/2 stars . Read the other reviews here for details about the origins of this concert CD . Although this concert was technicaly very well recorded the actual performance was just `` OK '' . There are moments when the vocals are perfect and some when they are very shakey . The use of the keyboards in place of guitars is a bit disappointing especially on the intro to `` Bus Stop '' . This CD is historical since you get to hear Graham Nash sing on songs that were recorded after he left the band like `` He Ai n't Heavy , He 's My Brother '' and `` The Air That I Breathe '' . It also gives you a chance to hear songs Graham might have brought into the band as they run through `` Wasted On The Way '' and `` Teach Your Children '' . In the liner notes Graham mentions that though he enjoyed being out with his old friends , the tour also reminded him why he left the band in the first place . The Hollies were a great band but on this paticular day they sound a little tired . The bottom line is there is no energy to these performances .
 This is a companion album to Vol . 1 , Keystone Bop Sunday . Both cut at the same time . Hubbard at his usual post BlueNote best as are the other players . The main negative with this and the companion album is the very poor recording quatity . Both were recorded using the house PA system -- not the best for recording players of this quality . I do not think the effort was originally intended for release . If you are a die-hard Hubbard fan like me , then go ahead and get both albums . Just do not expect much in the way of sonics.Whoever was recording with the house PA system just let the tape run between tunes . This is one of the novel features that can make a live session really come off as the banter between players and the sounds of the audience lend a feeling of being there at the club . Unfortunately , the very poor recording quality renders this between-tune chatter inaudible . A shame .
 Jack White ... I love him . Meg white I love you to hunny.But really what is this song all about . I mean why when you start an album with a song as potentially rocking as Blue orchid do go from that to this ?? I mean take Elephant . We had the note perfect 7 nation army -LRB- which by the way is a one of my favs of all time -RRB- and then that was followed with a previous B-side but still great take on a great song I just do n't know what to do with myself . Even Hardest button to button was o.k if not for his dodgy tash.But this . I bought the album relishing in anticipation for a great album after 4 excellent examples of and what do I get . Banjo 's -LRB- never mix them with rock unless you are a band called the grid -RRB- , plinky plonky piano . Where is the hard blues rock of fell love with a girl ? Where is the grinding base that is black math ? Where is the country essence of Hotel yorba ? Nowhere is where . This song is a prime example of why you should never look a book by its cover.Once you are intiated into the hollywood circle of flakes your talent goes down the same pan your excess cocaine does after snorting a line.Advice - Stick to re-upholstering couches Jacky-boy !
 This album was a big dissapointment . They changed the members of the group and it just is n't the same . I miss the old Lords of Acid .
 This album is a huge letdown from start to finish . Monotonous and uninspired . I always expected the Lords to keep getting better with every album , but this album is just louder . Bring back the keyboards !!
 Had this been a 1CD -LSB- disc2 -RSB- release , it would 've gotten 3 stars . As such , I have to rate it as a whole 2CD compilation - 2 stars . Disc1 lives happily in the garbage dump ; while disc2 I ripped , deleted 1/2 tracks , then gave it away.Stand out tracks are by Alvaro Pierri # 8 and # 9 . The rest is either solo classical guitar , or mixed with annoying percussion .
 I 'm a big fan of funky jazz -LRB- do n't get me started on the phony marketing label `` Acid Jazz '' -RRB- . Being a guitarist , I was looking forward to hearing this CD . Unfortunately , Melvin Sparks is a mediocre guitarist . He never generates any excitement with his solos and he does n't have a good sense of how to develope a solo . As with a lot of CDs with a guitarists as the leader -LRB- check out Ronnie Earl as a good example -RRB- the guitarists is many times the least accomplished musician . On this CD the only impressive solos are by the sax players . If you want to hear some good funky jazz , try some of the early George Benson CDs . `` Cookbook '' is a good one , as are the ones he recorded with Brother Jack McDuff -LRB- Brother Jack blows the doors off of the organists on this CD -RRB- . Do n't worry , I 'm not talking about the awful smooth jazz that Benson recorded when he decided to compromise his playing for a bigger pay day . His solos are technically good and they go somewhere , generating excitement and reaching climaxes .
 Sundazed has done a great job reissuing each Meters album , but with this one they can make like the dragon . All but two of these ` rarities ' have been released elsewhere in some form , while two of these titles are keepers as they 're significantly longer versions of the more common ones . The KICKBACK version of `` He Bite Me '' is so excellent it 's nearly worth the price of admission . A faster , more harmonized , less electrified guitar version with extra lyrics and devastatingly supreme `` dragon breath '' keyboards . Wow ! Though not as different as say ; Funkadelic 's two different versions of `` Red Hot Mamma '' , these two are just as essential for any geeked out funkophile . Both `` Honky Tonk Woman '' and `` Hang 'Em High '' were featured on the 1976 album TRICK BAG , as they are here ; though if all you have is the trimmed version of `` Hang 'Em High '' found on the second disc of the FUNKIFY YOUR LIFE compilation , you 'll find this original far superior . `` Love The One You 're With '' only ever appeared on the LIVE ON THE QUEEN MARY album , so this studio version is a nice treat . `` Easy -LRB- Trip -RRB- '' and `` Big Chief '' were both featured on the album THE METERS JAM in identical form ; while `` All I Do Everyday '' is 31 more seconds of the same undeveloped demo that appeared on that album . Yawn . Admitedly the versions on KICKBACK are mastered slightly hotter , but if you own THE METERS JAM , just turn up your bass EQ 2 clicks and you 've got the same song . Those I 've not mentioned , are similar carbon copies of material most Meters fans will already have . One song ; `` A Mother 's Love '' , is entirely new to KICKBACK and to my knowledge , never been released in any form . As such , it 's a nice mellow Blues number worthy of attention , but though an admittedly fine addition with wonderful lyrics ; not essential to their body of work . It 's not blisteringly funky or mindblowingly different ; which is actually a good summation of this compilation . If it were n't for `` He Bite Me '' and `` A Mother 's Love '' I would n't recommend this set at all ; so it gets one star for each song . As has happened before , Meters fans are expected to dish out big bucks for 1 new song , 1 great revision , and 1 nice studio version . What a rip-off . He Bite Me .
 I am a great fan of Michael W. Smith 's music . I own just about every CD he has released and also enjoy seeing him in concert . However , this CD is very different . When I purchased it , it was not advertised as an instrumental CD . That would have been a red flag for me . I would encourage people to listen to a sample or two before they buy it , because after listening to it once , I realized I made a mistake . Do n't expect traditional Michael W. Smith and you wo n't be disappointed . If you do expect upbeat pop music and moving ballads , you -LRB- like me -RRB- will want your money back .
 I was expecting more old school hip hop when i got this CD . Instead you get alot of electronic boogie , which honestly is not that great for breaking too . There are no well known tracks like Run DMC 's its like that , Afrika Bambaataa 's Planet Rock , Wildchild 's Renegade master , or any Rock steady crew songs . I personally like to break to Bomfunk MC 's , or Freestylers and so would recommend those titles over this one . Nevertheless , some of the songs are quite good but the album as a whole is just not worth it . The songs are so similar and many are just remixes . Any aspiring Bboy should not get this CD .
 The one star review certainly does n't reflect my opinion of Idris Muhammad , but there is no longer any point to this compilation album , since Prestige Records have now brought out a CD which combines the `` Black Rhythm Revolution '' and `` Peace and Rhythm '' albums . All the tracks on this one are from those two albums anyway - I 'd say this is a pity since the for my money , Idris ' best work is on the two CTI albums `` House of the Rising Sun '' and `` Power of Soul '' but presumably there were copyright issues since the CTI albums are still in print . If you see this album for cheap , then it 's worth picking up but not otherwise .
 After Confessions ... I expected great things from Dweezil ... and after waiting years for his next release ... I was very excited to listen to his new release ... but apparently the only reason Confessions rocked like it did was because of Nuno Bettencourt producing it ... this album is a HUGE disappointment for a huge fan of Confessions .
 It 's definitely taking him way too long to mature . Still a very good guitar player , an excellent shredder , but hardly a excellent musician . This guy may never be visited by the Muses and I am loosing hope .
 I should preface with saying that Dweezil 's 1991 `` Confessions '' is one of my favorite albums , period . I 've listened to `` Automatic '' probably 20 times to make sure that I got it right -LRB- and clocking in at only 38 minutes it does n't take that long to do -RRB- . My first impression was right -- there 's not much here . Only a few of the 12 tracks deliver on par with what was laid down on `` Confessions '' . The album opens with Fwakstension as sort of an ode to `` F.W.A.K. '' off of `` Confessions '' , or maybe a rehashing . It should really be titled `` F.W.A.K. -LRB- millennium mix -RRB- '' . Although it 's basically a reworking it 's still impressive and a definite highlight . The next track `` Automatic '' features another guitar hero of mine Blues Saraceno . This track features some interesting phrases but is ultimately a fairly generic jam piece . More interplay between the two guitarists would have been nice . `` Hawaii Five-O '' and `` You 're A Mean One Mister Grinch '' are oddly out a place and seem to be an excuse for Dweezil to show us he can make his guitar sound like a keyboard or horns . He states , `` There are no keyboards or samples on this recording '' ... `` Once again there are no keyboards utilized in this recording , nor are there any samples ... only guitar . '' O.K. , we get it , you can make your guitar sound like other instruments ... we 're all impressed . I hate to sound harsh but these two songs do n't offer anything . `` Therapy '' is a dissonant track that reminded me of Steve Vai in certain ways , actually a lot of ways , mainly the absence of a memorable melody . `` 12 String Thing '' is track 6 and is a great tune . This is probably my favorite track . You can hum along and it 's memorable . Too bad it 's only 2:46 . `` Secret Hedges '' is a nice little tune with not much to say about either way . `` Habanera And Les Toreadors '' combines two opera pieces that fall into the same category as tracks 3 & 4 as they do n't have much of anything to offer . If you want to hear Dweezil play some killer guitar with a soprano check out `` Quando M'en Vo '' off of the album `` Angelica '' . The first 2:24 is some pretty cool stuff . Next comes `` Shnook '' which is an absolute waste of space . How anyone could actually say `` that 's a great tune '' ... no chance . How Dweezil wrote that one should remain a mystery . `` Dick Cinnamon 's Office '' is a little skit bit between Dweezil and a receptionist -LRB- Lisa Loeb -RRB- . Once again he tries to wow us with the fact he can play major sevenths to sound like a push-tone phone . Bottom line
 > Next , he says `` You 've heard these songs before . '' Not true . Many of the songs appear on this CD for the first time.Okay , you 've heard MOST of these songs before . Happy ? > Finally , he labels the band tired and uninspired without providing any evidence to back up his claim . Pretty typical of these types of people to make bogus claims without offering a shred of substantiation to back them up . The fact is the band sounds great , Ian 's voice is strong and lyrical , the arrangements are creative and beautiful , and the CD as a whole is a real treat . `` A Music Fan , '' get your facts straight before making absurd assertions.Look up `` fact '' in a dictionary . In my opinion , the band sounds tired and uninspired . In your opinion it may not , but your OPINION is not a `` fact '' . -LRB- On the other hand , if you 've heard Ian Anderson sing any time in 2003 , and you think he has n't lost his voice , consider having your hearing checked . -RRB- Notice how intolerant Jethro Tull fanatics are of dissenting opinions and how abusive they are , and then take all the rave reviews here with several large shakers of salt .
 After listening to this it just did n't feel right - it was not a celebration of Christmas and all that this holiday represents from either the secular or religious aspects , it seemed more about other things of winter , not at all the kind of uplifting celebration of Christmas that I want in my Christmas Holiday Music Collection - I would n't even give this away - it hit the TRASH !
 If you must have some sort of Christmas album , I suppose you could do worse-you could also do much better . If , on the other hand , you 're expecting something remotely worthy of the Jethro Tull of old , forget it . Some less general remarks :1 -RRB- Re
 i listened to this and id have to say this is a horrible cd for jethro . i know them very well i have been a fan since day 1 . this cd has no guitar . if you are a fan of tull for their ROCK music dont buy this there is like no electric guitar in this cd . its mostly flute music . i hope jethro comes back to rock soon because after track 5 of this cd i hate it
 I think someone bungled in his jungle and mixed up the intended cover with the cover of `` The Jethro Tull Halloween Album '' -- gabled haunted house , foreboding bare trees -LRB- rather than frosted evergreens -RRB- with ominously -LRB- and unrealistically -RRB- twisted branches.But I 'm here to review the music , not the cover ... Oh , never mind . What 's the point ? You 've heard these songs before . Now you get to hear them recut by a tired , uninspired , rundown band and a singer whose voice has expired.Whatever . See you in Vegas then ?
 Not as much Bible Doctrine in the lyrics as I thought there 'd be ... nonetheless , Christ is acknowledged for the time of year we all dig into .
 This CD , which is a different artist singing the anthem written for Charlotte Church , the now 15 year old singing sensation from Wales , is very poor . Not only is the recording itself very poorly done , but the artist should have saved herself the embarrassment of trying to imitate Ms. Church . Ms. Russe clearly does not have the vocal tone , quality , or pitch of Ms. Church and therefore should not have recorded this CD . Better luck next time , Ms. Russe .
 This artist , who is imitating 15-year-old Welsh singing sensation Charlotte Church , clearly has no warmth or feeling . While it is evident that Ms. Russe can hit the high notes , her words are sharp and irritating . My advice to anyone who reads this is
 First of all , I love Ct. . Tom Peterson has always been one of my favorite bass players . That 12 string bass on Gon na Raise Hell is just awesome . I consider myself a die-hard CT fan , but the recording on this cd is really bad at times , not to mention Rick 's guitar playing . I could n't believe the guitar solo at the end of She 's Tight . Awful to say the least . His overall guitar playing is really bad . Listen to Budakon , the guitar playing is almost flawless compared to Silver . Even the recording quality on Budakon is better . I 've noticed that at live performances as well . The last few times I 've seen CT , Rick 's Guitar playing was terrible . I own almost every CT cd , but I must say , this one is at the bottom of the list .
 Every track on here is LIVE . There is not one studio recording on the whole set . I do n't see anything on the cover saying so . I almost NEVER buy live recordings so I 'm just a bit ticked right now . If it had been all album versions this would have been an awsome collection of thier best work IMHO . If you want a huge comprehensive collection of thier songs live , here it is . I now realize the one I was looking for was `` Cheap Trick , The Hits '' released in 2002 .
 Scott Joplin was a master , his music depicts the 20 's era wonderfully . I was sadly disappointed , however , with this collection . The recording is obviously modern -LRB- I could give it grace if it was an old recording -RRB- and the microphone was evidently not modulated enough , there is an annoying fuzzy sound whenever the piano gets at all too loud . Also there are artificial echo/twang-reverb effects that are just barely noticeable , and no doubt intended to compliment the style , but it comes off feeling more like it 's approaching canned music.The music itself , while brilliant , is very repetitive in style . Be prepared to listen hard to be able to distinguish one song from another .
 This album is as boring as H.P. lovecraft 's short stories . Zenophobia and Better not Born being the two songs I consider worth a listen .
 Let 's get one thing clear . The whole anarcho punk scene was started by ex-hippies , who were rather jaded and took politics too seriously . As if hippies did n't have enough emotional problems , this scene took things to a whole new level . Squarely blaming ` the system ' , anarchist punks revelled in emotional denial , depression and paranoia . They started a scene epitomised by bands like crass etc. . RP are clearly the best of the bunch , and far more creative than all the others put together . Crass et el . made thousands of insecure teenagers lives miserable with their formula politics and cynical ranting . See half the truth , but then totally miss the point . However , anarcho punk is n't punk . If you want to listen to proper punk music , go back to the late 70s -LRB- if you actually want to feel good when listening to a punk record -RRB- . Start at Spiral Scratch . As far as RP go , Cacophony is a creative genius . It is almost unlistenable and still somewhat negative . But it stands the test of time -LRB- like an unusual lab specimen -RRB- , unlike their other recordings which really are only worth using as coffee coasters or wiping one 's bottom with .
 I ordered this CD thinking that there would be at least 10 songs on it . There are three . Two are the same . What a disappointment . I could have downloaded them from ITunes for far less .
 Why do n't people understand that Blink182 and NOFX have exactly the same sound and style ? I bet if I told a bunch of NOFX fans that a Blink182 song they 'd never heard was a new NOFX song , they 'd say `` oh cool ! '' It 's all the goddamn same thing , so stop thinking that NOFX is `` way cool , dude '' becuase they 're `` independent . '' All the same 12-year-old boy , high-pitched vocals , limp guitars , and slappy , annoying drums .
 Are some of these 50 Cent CD 's counterfeit . The track starts to play and cuts off , and then starts again a split second later , with some sound effects filling in the gabs ... ? 50 Cent is my main man and I cant imagine he 'd be to impressed with this ...
 This soundtrack plays pieces I do not recall ever hearing in the movie -- and the music itself is very creepy sounding . Not at all what I had expected .
 This CD , which is a different artist singing the anthem written for Charlotte Church , the now 15 year old singing sensation from Wales , is very poor . Not only is the recording itself very poorly done , but the artist should have saved herself the embarrassment of trying to imitate Ms. Church . Ms. Russe clearly does not have the vocal tone , quality , or pitch of Ms. Church and therefore should not have recorded this CD . Better luck next time , Ms. Russe .
 This artist , who is imitating 15-year-old Welsh singing sensation Charlotte Church , clearly has no warmth or feeling . While it is evident that Ms. Russe can hit the high notes , her words are sharp and irritating . My advice to anyone who reads this is
 Unlike the 30 second and one minute gems on the E.P.s and `` Death Church , '' the songs on `` Pope Adrian '' are * really long . * But the longer track lengths certainly do not indicate more developed songwriting . Most every song here consists of a single lyric repeated for three to four minutes . This tries my patience . Sixty repetitions of a single two-word phrase is too much . `` Pope Adrian '' has none of fire , originality , or energy , of the band 's earlier work . The song length , repetition , and total absence of hooks together result in an album that consistently fails to involve the listener.If you are new to RP , this is the worst place to start . Go for `` The EPs of RP '' or `` Death Church , '' both classics of the genre . If you are a fan of these two albums , itching for more , I wo n't be able to stop you . But I 'll sleep better tonight knowing I tried .
 Thoughts on the song `` Just what I do '' -LRB- while watching the video -RRB- ----- Good god this is a pathetic song ! Maybe the single worst song I 've heard in the last year -LRB- and that includes the one Ja Rule and J.Lo . did -RRB- . This tune ALMOST has as much soul as Charles Manson 's solo lp . Are they trying to be Def Leppard mixed with Brooks & Dunn ? Loverboy with a twist of Shania Twain ?? Alan Jackson cut with bad late period Cheap Trick ??? What ever the unholy marriage , it sucks anything close to good country music out of the equation . This is bland and harmless music made by a band that could -LRB- should ? -RRB- be playing the free stage at a county fair somewhere far away from me . This may also be the most unintentually funny video made in the last 15 years . The song it 's self is a necklace of cliches but it 's so very humorous to see them try and drum up excitment for such uninspired warhorses as the count in into AND the echoed hand clap in the same song -LRB- have one or the other if you must , but not both in the same song-that 's so much cheese that some lactose intolerant folks must have trouble keeping the song down -RRB- . The dead giveaway about the video is that the parts I laughed at were not the parts the band thought were funny or charming . I 'm talking to you-Mr . `` Wacky '' bass player . By the way ,1998 called and it wants it 's Kangol hat back . Also , I could n't help but chuckle at the facial hair of the lead singer , which appered to be applied by a special effects artist . This music is obviously meant to entertain SOMEBODY -LRB- although I do n't know anybody that gullible myself ... -RRB- yet it breaks it 's back trying to entertain EVERYBODY . It 's broad based begging for your love and approval -LRB- the watering down and melding of various styles , the numerous shots of the `` hot '' country girl , it 's by the numbers copying of so many top 40 country cliches ... -RRB- that also makes this song a laugh riot . Bands like this must thank the day that sterile sports bars and Budweiser were born . I can almost hear it blaring out above the sound of rhinestone cowboys hitting on the bar gals ... GOD ... In the end , this song is just another link in the enless sausage that IS top 40 `` country '' music . It 's unoriginal , form fitted and made to be drowned out by the sound of your souped up pickup . YOU DESERVE BETTER THAN THIS ! If Jesse James were around and heard that someone was evoking his name in such a lame and self seving -LRB- hey look ! we 're outlaws too !! -RRB- song , you can bet both guns would be blazin ' . If you believe this is country music ... you need to get back on your meds . I would rather swandive off of Abe Lincoln 's nose-high atop Mt. Rushmore-than be forced to hear another song off of this cd . I only wish I could give this a negative star rating . I had to listen to Emmylou Harris and Lefty Frizell for an hour just to clean this junk out of my head .
 With the exception of the first song , it 's pretty much a country pop album , complete with little snippets of conversation to show how cool they are . Not my cup of tea . If I want honky tonk , give me Heather Myles .
 this cd is such a waste i feel like tossing it out the window . i 've only listening to it through once it was that bad.there is only one song that sticks out , ca n't remember which one it is.covenent use to be a pretty good band until this cd . . . i guess they 're trying to catch the mainstream appeal of today 's generation and all they 're sounding like is a bad 80 's new wave band.stay far away from this cd . . far far away ...
 I agree with the music fan from Fredericksburg , Virginia . I own most if not all of Alan Jackson 's albums . I could n't believe my ears . Alan Jackson should apologize to his fans for this one . The title should have been `` LIVIN ' ON MY NAME . '' This album also provided an answer to the question of `` WHO 'S CHEATIN ' WHO . '' In fact , Alan deserves a call and a visit from Roy D. Mercer . This is the worst country music album I have purchased in 35 years . Pass on this album .
 Really a sub-standard album . I have always liked Alan Jackson and respected the high quality of his music , particularly in an age where `` pop country '' has practically taken over the entire industry . But , with this CD , Jackson has apparently decided to go the same route as other musicians who had previously put out worthwhile albums . Not one song with any substance here -- www.memory being the only one with any potential . Cheesy lyrics and overdone themes . While you can still hear his trademark vocal and guitar stylings , they amount to nothing more than empty vessels given the poor writing and lack of substance . Pass on this album and buy some of Jackson 's excellent earlier work .
 What ? I thought this would rule ! But unfortunatley , it does n't . It 's a poor CD , with some poor material recorded on it . Why ? Because it 's MELLOW . If you 're loooking for hot , firey soul jazz , look elsewhere , check out Melvin Sparks ' Legends of Acid Jazz CD , or Rusty Bryant 's , but please , do not start with this one.I agree , ` The Son of Man ' , ` The Houston Express ' and ` Give More Power To The People -LRB- For God 's Sake -RRB- ' rule , no two ways about that . But the rest ? FILLERS ! Seriously , there are better purchases to spend your money on .
 I was disappointed in the CD . I was wanting the singing group Texas Tenors , not a CD of Sax . music . The cover did not distingush the contents and has the same name .
 I was unfamiliar with this recording until I stumbled across it on Amazon.com and read the reviews . I was familiar , however , with the original Broadway cast recording -LRB- with Richard Kiley , Joan Diener , and Irving Middleton -RRB- and with the earlier London version that is largely complete , with dialogue as well as music . Despite the reviews below , this version suffers in comparison to both of these earlier versions . Ultimately , the quality of the voices -- both in terms of absolute musicality and in terms of dramatic characterizations -- in this version are inferior to the earlier ones . In particular Kim Criswell is wooden , both as an acress and as a singer , so she makes a collosally unimpressive Aldonza/Dulcinea . Ron Raines is functional but insufficiently inspiring when he sings the role of Quijote/Cervantes -- his `` Impossible Dream '' sounds like a well intentioned college freshman . Only the orchestrations and dramatizations of the muleteers ' songs are interesting.Stick to the original Broadway cast recording , or if you want a nearly complete version , go to the earlier London recording . Stay away from this one .
 Thoughts on the song `` Just what I do '' -LRB- while watching the video -RRB- ----- Good god this is a pathetic song ! Maybe the single worst song I 've heard in the last year -LRB- and that includes the one Ja Rule and J.Lo . did -RRB- . This tune ALMOST has as much soul as Charles Manson 's solo lp . Are they trying to be Def Leppard mixed with Brooks & Dunn ? Loverboy with a twist of Shania Twain ?? Alan Jackson cut with bad late period Cheap Trick ??? What ever the unholy marriage , it sucks anything close to good country music out of the equation . This is bland and harmless music made by a band that could -LRB- should ? -RRB- be playing the free stage at a county fair somewhere far away from me . This may also be the most unintentually funny video made in the last 15 years . The song it 's self is a necklace of cliches but it 's so very humorous to see them try and drum up excitment for such uninspired warhorses as the count in into AND the echoed hand clap in the same song -LRB- have one or the other if you must , but not both in the same song-that 's so much cheese that some lactose intolerant folks must have trouble keeping the song down -RRB- . The dead giveaway about the video is that the parts I laughed at were not the parts the band thought were funny or charming . I 'm talking to you-Mr . `` Wacky '' bass player . By the way ,1998 called and it wants it 's Kangol hat back . Also , I could n't help but chuckle at the facial hair of the lead singer , which appered to be applied by a special effects artist . This music is obviously meant to entertain SOMEBODY -LRB- although I do n't know anybody that gullible myself ... -RRB- yet it breaks it 's back trying to entertain EVERYBODY . It 's broad based begging for your love and approval -LRB- the watering down and melding of various styles , the numerous shots of the `` hot '' country girl , it 's by the numbers copying of so many top 40 country cliches ... -RRB- that also makes this song a laugh riot . Bands like this must thank the day that sterile sports bars and Budweiser were born . I can almost hear it blaring out above the sound of rhinestone cowboys hitting on the bar gals ... GOD ... In the end , this song is just another link in the enless sausage that IS top 40 `` country '' music . It 's unoriginal , form fitted and made to be drowned out by the sound of your souped up pickup . YOU DESERVE BETTER THAN THIS ! If Jesse James were around and heard that someone was evoking his name in such a lame and self seving -LRB- hey look ! we 're outlaws too !! -RRB- song , you can bet both guns would be blazin ' . If you believe this is country music ... you need to get back on your meds . I would rather swandive off of Abe Lincoln 's nose-high atop Mt. Rushmore-than be forced to hear another song off of this cd . I only wish I could give this a negative star rating . I had to listen to Emmylou Harris and Lefty Frizell for an hour just to clean this junk out of my head .
 With the exception of the first song , it 's pretty much a country pop album , complete with little snippets of conversation to show how cool they are . Not my cup of tea . If I want honky tonk , give me Heather Myles .
 I listened to this album several times wondering what the ... . was wrong . For example , why did it sound like every other punk band out these days ? Why did some of the songs sound like blatant Danzig ripoffs ? The whole thing is really boring and melodramatic and I see no positive progression from Black Sails to this album , as there was with all the other albums . If anything , it shows a sharp degression . If you 're not ready to put out more material , DO N'T PUT OUT ANOTHER ALBUM . To be honest , I expected a lot more from a band like AFI . What happened to the energy ? Why is Davey taking this whole Goth/Misfits/spooky image so far ? What the ... . is going on here ? Why is AFI doing ... 80 's metal ballads -LRB- the last song -RRB- . This album is just embarrassing . Do n't buy it . It sounds like the offspring mixed with 80 's metal .
 i wish i could give AFI 0 stars . all they make i s meaningless goth rock , while claiming to be `` hardcore '' . just a bunch of pussies with makeup .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- AFI comes off like a terrible C-grade mixture of bad `` horror punk '' -LRB- and I 'm not talking about the mighty Danzig-era Misfits kind -RRB- and modern , kiddie pop - -LRB- punk ? -RRB- . AFI play watered-down , lite `` hardcore '' for kiddies who ca n't handle the real deal . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is the album that started the demise of this once great band . Dork and Fly in the Ointment were the best these guys came out with . I 've seen them too many times to count but after they toured for this release , would n't even pay $ 2.00 to see them again . The first song is about the only note worthy track . Changed so much that I ca n't stand to listen to them anymore . Anything up to this point is good but anything after is total garbage . I used to love this band , but no more .
 ... The art of drowning was a great release . It got old . fast . real fast . Davy Havok 's voice got really obnoxious and agrivating . I really dont like this anymore . If anyone wants my cd and you know who i am , i 'll give it to you . I would also like to dispell what I said before about liking blink 182 . i dont . i kick myself for liking them . if you want to here some good punk rock , dont turn on the radio , travel out to a decrepit , yet `` cultural-full '' neighborhood . find a small record store/club listen to the music . enjoy . bye .
 Next to Sing The Sorrow this album is the biggest pile of junk this band has ever put out . To call this East Bay Hardcore is BULL . Only the little trend punks out there consider this hardcore . I ca n't believe they sold out this bad . They sound nothing like they good albums like Answer That , Shut Your Mouth , or Very Proud of Ya . You wan na hear good A.F.I. listen to those albums . This and Sing The Sorrow are a disgrace to the hardcore scene .
 THIS ALBUM IS A JOKE . Buying it will be a waste of your time and money . I am a meth fan and was really disappointed with this album and was mad i spent money on it .
 This album is a piece of recycled crap . Unfortunately it has Meth 's name on the front , although you 'd never know it cause every other verse is spit by a cameo rapper . Meth 's grimey , raw East coast style is buried under cheesy lines bit from almost every other rapper out there , living or dead . The rest is tired old Wu cliches . He even bites Eminems style on more than one song . Method Man has sold out as just another punk-ass rapper/bad actor wannabee who whores their name out to everything and his 3rd effort has paid the price . Meth should stick to deodorant commercials and cheesy fox sitcoms , cause if this is the best he can do his rap career is over ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 Method Man may have been a good rapper when he was wu-tang clan and his first album Tical , but this one is defintely one of his worst , really dumb beats , method man 's rapping is defintely terrible , there are some goods here and there , but the album never had it 's spark from the beginning , I Just heard a rumor that RZA is about to get new method man album out and bring him right back to his original sound , I Know because after this mess , he should go back to that sound.Tical 0
 Its over.Method man used to be one of the greats . He had great lyricism in 36 Chambers and the original Tical was tight.But now we have this . An album with no lyrical content and chock full of mainstream trash . Congradulations Meth , you have just killed yourself.R.I.P Method Man 's Rappin Skillz .
 After four years of patiently waiting for his album , Method Man finally drops the worst album of his career . In VIBE magazine he said that this is best work to date . But on MTV he said that he recorded the majority of the album with producer RZA and those tracks have been shelved by his record label , Def Jam . Which leaves some questions
 Every great MC is entitled to one slip up but the problem with The Prequel is that its so bad that Ugod 's album -LRB- which sucked -RRB- that came out in the same year -LRB- Ugodzilla -RRB- seems more inviting after hearing this . The problem is not just the bad production but Method Man 's rhymes were lazy beyond belief . He not only drop some laughables on here but also his punchlines and phrases were extremely dated . Examples
 This is easily one of the worst albums of 2004 . The single is cool but thats where it stops . Every song on here is some weak attempt to appeal to the commercial fans . The only other decent song on here is `` the turn '' which has been on the net a year before this album dropped . Meth was originally going to have puff do this album , maybe he should of ! At least he might of went platinum with a garbage album . Meth you say you say you dont get enough respect in the game , I wonder why !
 I preordered the cd back in May , and think its fair to say I shoulda saved my money . With the exception of The Motto -LRB- track 5 -RRB- and Turn -LRB- track 7 -RRB- , theres hardly a listenworthy track . This may not be Meth 's fault from what I hear , something about def jam wanting a more commercial type record , but its still a weak effort . His cameos seem stale except for Raekwons , and who knows what missy , busta , or snoop dogg are doing on his tape . Track 5 and 7 sound like some of the older wu solo tracks , which I think are the only songs worth listening . Do yourself a favor and just download those two and skip the rest .
 1 . Why did Meth even offer this trash to the public ? 2 . Why did ANY of the Wu Tang soloists -LRB- except for Ghostface -RRB- abandon RZA 's production skills ? Is n't that what made them classic acts to begin with ? 3 . Why is P. Diddy on this album ? 4 . Why are all the tight MCs foresaking skills in exchange for commercial success and risking their core audience in the process ? 5 . Why is the last track -LRB- Ridin ' For Outro -RRB- the tightest track on the whole album?Now ... the review : Speaking as a die hard Wu fan that thought Meth was the best MC when they first came out , I find it hard to say this . But Method Man 's album is wack . Straight up . I never thought I 'd say this , but out of all the Wu releases this year , Masta Killa put out a better album than this and Ghostface 's album blows this one out of the water too . His lyrics have fallen off drastically . He spits wack lines like `` I 'm trying to get the dollars like Creflo '' and `` Like Gwynn Stefani , you know there 's no doubt '' . With the exception of Busta Rhymes , Black Ice , and a very tight appearance from Raekwon , even the guest appearances from Missy Elliott , Kardinall Offishall , Snoop Dogg , Saukrates , Ludacris , and the normally reliable and consistant Redman are straight wack . There 's even an appearance from P. Diddy ... that pretty much sums things up . And what 's worse , the P. Diddy appearance is actually one of the better songs on the album . Even the appearance by Ghostface is questionable , but not quite wack . The `` Intro '' features The RZA and is very misleading because it has a tight beat and leads you to believe that this album is going to be hot , but it 's actually the opposite . You want to know how far Method Man has fallen ? Just listen to `` Tease '' or `` Rodeo '' feat . Ludacris and you 'll see . After track 9 , the album drones on and is very painful to listen to until you come to `` Ridin ' For Outro '' feat . Black Ice . You might rememebr Ice as that incredibly skilled cat from the Def Poetry Jam show . His appearance is the only thing that saves this CD from achieving coaster status . This CD rates right down there with Chingy and Baby Bash . An album like this might be forgivable if Meth was putting out hot albums every year , but 4 tight tracks out of 17 ?! Come on . It takes him 5 years between albums -LRB- ' 94 , ' 99 , ' 04 -RRB- , so he should have plenty to say . Albums like this further strengthen my position on the piracy / downloading issue . Why should n't people know of this sort of wackness before we actually decide to pay for it ? I would strongly reccomend that you download this album and test it out before you actually put any dollars on it . Overall , I do n't know , if you like pop rap , you might like this . But for heads like me that wants skills , stay as far away from this album as you can . I 'll never buy another Method Man album again because of the laziness he displayed on this LP . This CD is pure garbage.Standout Tracks
 Meth !!!!!!!! What is the deal !!!!!!! I can only say for those who love the Wu-Tang , do not get this LP !!!! YOU would probably either 1 . get so pissed off that you use this CD as a coaster for your drink or 2 . CRY ... then use this CD as a coaster !! I am highly dissappointed in this release ... I hope Redman do n't fall into this , please not Red !!! I can count how many songs I like ... 3 or 4 . mind you there are 17 songs total !!! not a good percentage ! ... The Prequel , What 's Happening w/Busta Rhymes ... -LRB- Busta killed it on there -RRB- , The Turn w/Raekwon ... has that old time Wu-Tang feel to it-Plus RZA produced it . -RRB- NOTE
 Method Man had a number of guest artist-Raekwon , Redman , Busta Rhymes , Missy , and Ludacris there were some good songs but there were many that were very bad and should not be on any album they are all Filler is there a badder artist right now then Missy Elliott.There are a few good joints on here such as `` What 's Happinin '' , `` Motto '' and `` Tease '' but there is not enough power to save this album remember Tical-The OriginalLyrics-5 / 10 Production-4 / 10 X Factor-2 / 10 Classic-5 / 10 Replay-4Total = 4 out of 10 Fingers not recommended
 Meth 's needs to leave rap albums alone , this album had me so pissed . its weak , the intro has the beest beat , with rza saying how wu is together and praising meth i guess the intro was recorded b4 the album . Meth needs to listen to Masta Killa 's No Said Date , and pretty tony , cuz he has no clue whats he doing .
 I picked up this CD from a mate thinking that I would be hearing some Meth that I 'd been hearing on How High and Wu-Tang , not a CD full of this commercial -LRB- ... -RRB- ! However I held off giving it one star and dismissing it and gave it a couple more -LRB- painful -RRB- listens , as hip-hop albums often need before you can get into them . I found a few joints I liked -LRB- or at least could listen to -RRB- , namely `` What 's Happening '' -LRB- w / Busta Rhymes -RRB- , `` Say What '' -LRB- w / Missy Elliot -RRB- , `` Afterparty '' -LRB- w / Ghostface Killah -RRB- , and the best track `` The Turn '' -LRB- w / Raekwon -RRB- . However these tracks are too few and even so are n't really that special -LRB- `` The Turn '' is pretty good though -RRB- . The album itself lacks a binding force due to every track being produced by a different producer , and most of the beats being lame and unoriginal.It 's more like a compilation of trashy commercial jams than an album.Still , fans of C-rap might still be able to appreciate the good songs on the album but I seriously doubt anyone , even Meth and Wu-Tang fans , would be able to get into the most part of it . The 3-5 decent tracks are the only thing that prevents me giving this album 1 star . I would recommend listening to this CD before purchasing to avoid -LRB- inevitable -RRB- disappointment . Peace out .
 I am being very very very generous with my rating , as this album was , sorry to say Mr.Mef , garbage . I ca n't believe that after all this waiting we get 16 tracks , out of which a couple are what I listen to , and those are even . . eeeeh.It seems that The Jonny Blaze , has become too much hollywood , and lost his thirst . I remember the first album was dope , and the second one was amazing , regardless to what some people said , I thought his sophomre effort was amazing , I still bump those two albums till this day , they havent left my car , unfortunatly the third album will be collecting dust for a long long time .
 For those looking for classic Method Man ... this is not the album for you . This album is titled Tical
 Method man and Def Jam both needs to be ashamed of themselves . This LP could be the worst album to drop in years . Terrible production , wack hooks , terrible guests , just a bad album . Seems like Meth and Def Jam forgot who their fans where and HOW they got them , not with garbage like this . There are some dope tracks , Motto , Afterparty , & show . But man , after that it 's all 100 % BS that WU used to stand against . But we all know the WU is no longer half of what they used to be . Wack album after wack album . But this could be the worst of the bunch , id rather listen to Ugodzilla , and thats bad . IF they just release those 3 songs it would have been a brilliant EP.It 's not all Meths fault tho , he has come out and said that Def Jam released an album he did n't want released . He states there is over 20 track recorded that where produced by the RZA they Def Jam cut . Theres the problem . Mabey Mef -LRB- as well as half the dope artists turn mainstream -RRB- needs to go the INDIE route , drop the album he wants , it will sell a million on the name alone , and for an indie album thats 100 % golden . Apperently J-Love and Dreddy Kruger are going to release Method Man Tical 0 albums with the tracks Def Jam did n't want , if this is true , mabey this album was for Def Jam and the real one is yet to drop , only time will tell , in the meantime , this is GARBAGE !!!
 The phrase ` coulda been better ' comes to mind ... Some nice songs on it , and Method Man is a great MC but this is n't his best work , and a lot of the beats are annoying and make the album hard to listen to . Method Man isnt BAD on this album , its just he can do better , and there 's too many guest features on it . Does have some nice tracks , but you 're better off just downloading the better songs of iTunes if you 're a Method Man fan.I 'd recommend the original Tical album as a better display of Method Man 's skills , or Ghostface 's ` The Pretty Toney Album ' as a better Def Jam/Wu-Tang release released around the same time as this album.Top 5 Songs : The Afterparty feat . GhostfaceWhat 's Happening feat . Busta RhymesThe Turn feat . RaekwonThe ShowSay What feat . Missy Elliot
 its like aliens abducted the real method man . his subject matter is nil , production sounds like some timbaland/p . diddy keyboard bull . what is even the point of this album ? it doesnt even sound like method man , or any of his prior albums . maybe all of the sitcoms and tv appearances have finally gotten to him ... . i wish there were 0 stars , method man has disgraced his former self in a distasteful manner .
 So finally after 6 years Meth drops his latest . What an utter letdown . This is album is weak . What happened Meth ? I hear things that this is not the album you wanted to release but still I could do better . WEAK !!! So angry . Lets just hope Meth can release some of the tracks that were cut by Def Jam . Go the indie way Meth and release the album YOU want . RZA did with Birth of a Prince . Come on .
 Crap , Crap , Crap , Crap , Crap , This is all i have to say , How could one of the sickest MC 's put his name on this .
 Is this a sick joke method man ?? is this the album we have been waiting six long years for ?? Have you and Ghostface completely lost touch with your fans ?? 2004 has been a sad , sad year for the WU , and it doesn ' appear to be getting any better . There are only a few songs on this album even worth mentioning , The prequel , the motto , the turn ... everything else is underproduced crap . the hooks are weak , the beats are weaker , and the guest appearances and poor variety of producers simply ruined this album . I am so dissappointed in Method Man for releasing this album . Where 's the dark , gritty , TALENTED MC that we all know ? I simply do not know how it could get any worse than this !! MISSY , LUDA , and PUFFY on your album ?? Oh please !! This is definetly the last and most dissapointing WU tang album i will ever buy .
 man , i really dont understand whats goin on ... people have disliked the last few wu solo albums such as ghostface and deck but i actually liked the majority of those albums . . some commercial sound but still got some wu bangers on their ... but this meth is GARBAGE . . only sick song is the motto , their is some other coo songs like the prequel , the turn , never hold back but nothing amazin ... yes , this is by far the worst wu related album ever ... i dont understand who they think they sellin to . . they try to be mainstream but ya never hear wu tracks on radio or tv.nobody but wu fans is buyin they stuff . . meth has been the only successful one with the public and even then the public aint really trippin off him . . they like red and meth funny type tracks and even though they might like meth meth aint going triple platinum or nothin . . people aint runnin out to get that new method man ... only people out to get that meth is die hard wu fans ... and we get an album that aint made for us ... straight up . . its not made for us . . i stick by wu and ive never said nothin bad but i feel like we 've had their backs turned on us ... i know it aint all wu but it seems to be a small trend . . i know masta killa will bring us back at the beginnin of june , ive heard the album and its off the hook . . real wu ... meth , your a great mc , one of the best , but you turned ya back on your true fans . . i dont know who ya made this album for . . new fans ?? people know who you are and we still the ones buyin ya albums . . if we wan na hear ludacris , busta rhymes , missy , bad boy we would turn on the radio or the tv or just buy their garbage . . if you wan na do somethin with them put that ish on their album ... we dont wan na hear them . . your wu , thats why you rock the wu logo . . well make a wu album . . im sorry . . i could go on forever . . you know what meth . . do ya thang homey . . make ya money . . got ta eat . . but if this is what you gon na make i aint coppin it ... no more ... i 'll putcha with the rest of the radio garbage like the people on this album ... peace ... cop that masta and timbo royal fam album . . them and ugod the only ones down for wufans ... peace
 In the beginning ... there was THE W.The sacred symbol , the iron flag , the shining hope of hiphop , the unfailing blade that was the symbol of WUTANG.Friends , that symbol used to MEAN something.It meant that I was the first person in line at the store the day a wu album dropped . It meant purchase without ever previewing a single song . It meant any other album with the misfortune of dropping that week was getting clowned . It meant no filler , no crap , no wack guest appearances . But most importantly it meant that as long as that symbol of all symbols was still flying , hiphop would not die.Well , those times are long past.The original Tical is now but a painful memory of the lost glory of shaolin . Even worse , in the minds of today 's kids weaned on TRL-it does n't exist at all . How else would meth find it acceptable to record abominations like `` say what '' and `` rodeo '' and say idiotic rhymes like `` you know it like a poet baby dawg '' ? Production-wack , guest spots-wack . I thought I was mad at chef for IMMOBILARITY , but this !? This is the WORST WU MEMBER ALBUM EVER ! Et tu , Meth ? Have the politics and bull!@#t of the music industry broken you down to such an infantile level ? Eleven years of support , Six years of anticipation and you put the wu emblem on this sorry piece of garbage ! Have you no shame?No more words , only tears of sadness .
 Method Man disappointed me A LOT on this album . I kept waiting for it to get good and it never did . I used to be a big fan of Method Man and Redman . This album has turned me off to them . I was highly disappointed . I really did n't like any song on the whole album , and most of them were just unbearable ! I 'm sorry Meth , you got ta do better !
 method man is too old to be rappin 1st of all . # 2 this album sucks.on this album , meth proved he only wants money and could care less how an album sounds.WICKEDY WACKEDY WACK.he needs to stop creating solo garbage & get back with WU TANG AND REDMAN.I MEAN ... CMON.Y U GON NA LET BUSTA RHYMES OUTSHINE YOU ON YOUR OWN SONG ?!
 If I could give this album 0 stars or a negative rating , I would . This album is terrible . What happened to the Method Man I once knew ? It sounds nothing like the Wu , which is a bad thing . The production is so bad , I ca n't even stand to listen to the songs . C'mon Meth , you 're a Wu member , you have RZA , Mathematics , and Tru Master to get beats from , you do n't need P Diddy and Missy Elliot , who are horrible producers anyway . If you ca n't get production on your album from your own crew , because of your record label , then guess what ? LEAVE DEF JAM . There are a few good songs on this album , including The Motto and The Turn with Raekwon -LRB- Which is the only RZA produced track -RRB- . I 'm glad I did n't waste my money on this album , it 's not even worth the 9 dollars I could buy it for at Best Buy . If you are a fan of that classic Wu sound that Meth once brought , buy the new Masta Killa album . Now that is a great album . For all the real heads , do n't buy this garbage .
 One RZA track ?! One RZA TRACK !!!! This is not a Wu-Tang CD . `` The Turn '' is the only original production on this entire thing . The other tracksby Puffy and Jelly Roll -LRB- uhhh ... -RRB- are horrible . I can buy a Lil ' Flip album or something for this garbage . I 've been with Mef since 94 ' but I 'm finished , sorry ca n't support this .
 You want ur 38th chambers backhere 's the deal1 . stop buying all wu tang releases , YES I MEAN ALL , whether is new or old , good or bad and any wu - tang related , because i got a feeling they are not gon na coming back with a good one , if we asked them to make a good record , they will tell us to buy they old record . i think they just lazy , today they just wan na make money , not a record , let them know without a NEW GREAT record , there is no fan will gon na buy they albums . it means no money , they think they can playin us for keep buying their albums while their tryin to please britney 's fan if they up and coming album is not a WU - TANG album that we know -LRB- kung fu sample , dominated rza 's beats , none other than wu-tang families `` in house '' guest -RRB- DO NOT BUY IT !!! 2 . Do not buy their clothes , shoes or any product related to them .3 . Do not visit their site , if you had a fanzine dedicated to them , you know what to do DISACTIVE IT !! 4 . Stop requesting their song on the radio , tell the radio dj to not playing their song , and if you hear one of their song being played in the club tell the dj too shut it off .5 . If you FELL unlucky buy their recent albums -LRB- lex diamond story , the movement , tical prequel , the birth of prince -RRB- you all can gather with other feel unlucky wu-tang fan , to collect all albums that i already mentioned , and burn it all into dust , tape this action and put it on the internet or the picture on underground paper -LRB- school , campus or whatever -RRB- .6 . Please spread this message.Me and all my friend in Indonesia -LRB- we all wu-tang fans -RRB- already starts this movement , let them know that we which is their fans , HATE their new direction . We gon na run thisban until their give us their truest form.Do you remember the day when the Wu album out , you just go and buy it without listening it first or care what other people say , but todayi had to download it first and read a bunch of reviews.I miss that good old days , maybe they should heard their own song `` Can it be all so simple '' , if you fell like the way i feelLET THE MOVEMENT BEGINRUBBY W
 Tical Q is a waster of money , the only track that made me give this cd two stars is what 's happening , thanks to busta but the rest of the cd is horrible . Missy elliot should stop rapping , if you can call it that . From now on she should decline every invitation to feature on someone 's album because she f *** in sucks ! And meth lets not have a sequel to the prequel P.S. I hope your show is better !!
 We waited 6 years 4 this album 2 come out , but it sounds like it took him 6 days 2 make . Some people like it , but I think it sucks and it a HUGE dissapointment
 Yall get it right ... someone told him this was worth releasing someone told him this ish was hot . Why has this happened ? Lord I need answers . I ca n't recommend buying this because I 'll be in hell burning for lying .
 Okay , this album was too commercial . The only good tracks were `` The Turn '' feat . Raekwon -LRB- the best track -RRB- , `` We Some Dogs '' feat . Redman and Snoop Dogg -LRB- good collabo -RRB- , `` Afterparty '' feat . Ghostface -LRB- Ghostface comes tight -RRB- and `` What 's Happenin ' '' -LRB- first single , good callabo and dope -RRB- . The rest were average , not so good or garbage . Every song had a different producer , and why so many guests -LRB- not from the Wu-Tang ??? -RRB- ? I know RZA is busy and all , but if he could 've produced every song on this album , it would 've been better , for sure . I 'm not hating , I 've been a Wu-Tang fan for a long time , and I know this is n't Method Man at his best . This album deserves 2/2 .5 stars .
 I heard a few songs from Methodman in the past and i liked them . so i hear everybody is gunna buy this new album he had comin out so since everybody bought it i did to ! when i put this Damn CD in i was pissed ! this CD sucks ! dont buy it ! its a waste of ur money . theres like 2 songs dat are good . if you buy it ur not gunna be very happy !
 Method Man `` phoned '' this one in . He really does not bring his A , B , or even C game to Tical 0
 I 'm glad i did n't waste a penny on this piece of crap . With the push of my delete button , I am rid of this filth . `` Sell out '' is a severe understatement here . I waited so long for this album . Do n't look for any Release yo Delf 's or Judgement Day 's here . Even coming from the p. diddy school of hip-hop this is phenomenally bad .
 I like all meths verses in there cept the beats and whoever he is working with i wish i could get this album with all the extra ppl on mute meth is not bad in here
 Method Man is back and worse than ever . This is obviously not a proquel . The lyrical mastermind has finally jumped the shark . A sad time for the Wu-Tang !
 After hearing he 12 '' with `` Whats Happening '' and `` the Motto '' I was sure this album would be great . But after listening to the album its clear that `` whats happening '' and `` the motto '' are the two best tracks on the album . The main problem with the album is n't meth 's lyrics ... it the production . It just sucks on most tracks .
 With Method Man 's 3rd solo effort , not counting Red and Meth 's Blackout ... Tical 0
 i have been waiting for this cd for the longest time and finnaly got it today.It sucks . the beats are horrible and ruin what should have been a five star album . only good songs are the motto and whats happenin.every other song sounds similar and all sound like redman beats and not the old fashion wu beats that i was hopeing for.rza only did 1 beat on the album and even that beat sucked.oh well time to wait for kiss of death in june
 Any real rap fan or Wu-Tang follower will tell you ... This CD is a regression , not only in the fact that it is a prequel , but because Method Man 's lyrics and rap flows are utterly horrendous . The beats , as well , sound like they were made in 5 minutes , with no deep thought whatsoever . Oh , I wish I could turn back time to the days of real rap , with Tical , Liquid Swords , and etc. . The only songs that are TOLERANT OF LISTENING TO are What 's Happenin , The Turn , and Act Right . And surprise , surprise , The Turn is produced by the Rza , who needs to produce all of the Wu 's albums again , no more guest producers on every track . There 's no flow , there 's no rhythm or feel to the album . I really do hate to review this CD like this , because Method Man used to be my idol , back in the good ol' days . He has reduced himself to crap , and he probably does n't even realize it . Furthermore , I was sick to my stomach to see Missy and PDiddy on a track on this album , how could Meth stoop so low ? With a listen to the first Tical , and a compare to Tical 0 the prequel , one can tell the obvious artistic and original differences . It sounds too much like Method Man has sold out on Tical 0 , there is no good feelings coming from this album whatsoever . I am just so terribly dissapointed because Meth used to be one of the best ... up there with Gang Starr , Jeru , and ATCQ . I spit on Tical 0 , and I embrace the classic Wu albums even more .
 Meth is/was my favorite rapper untill this garbage dropped . One of the wackest releases lately . There are maybe 3-4 good songs and the other ones are just horrid . He has lost his touch with his rhymes and just plain old does not know how to choose proper beats . Missy on a Wu-Tang release ? P. Diddy on a Wu-Tang release ? Luda on a Wu-Tang release ? They all just do not fit in . And for the idea that it is a prequel to Tical is just an insult to fans . Not to mention an insult to Hip-Hop itself . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I am a huge Wu fan and always will be , so i feel that it is my duty to warn others not to buy this album . First off , do not expect it to be the redemption of the Wu or anything like thier old classic i.e. Tical , Ironman , Cuban Linx , Liquid Sword . This was the hopeful expectation i was under when i eagerly snapped up Mef 's album on the day it was released . For some reason that is beyond me , Method Man has decided to use to most inconsistent and badly produced hip hop i 've heard in recent years -LRB- ... -RRB- The RZA produces one track , the Turn , a lazy , half arsed effort featuring a tight Raekwon verse . Though saying all this i think its Mef 's lack of hunger that really lets this album down . In his early days he sounded thirsty , spittin ' his lyrics with a uniquness that is now lost.Mef grimmy , earthy sound complemented everything RZA used to produce for him . Just do yourself a favour if your looking for some good new hip hop buy Ghostface 's latest album and just forget this ever exsited .
 Okay this is by far the worst METHOD MAN album ! If you liked TICAL , TICAL2000 , BLACKOUT or any Classic WU TANG release you will not like this album . There are maybe 3-5 good tracks and one classic track being `` afterparty '' , the rest it total pop garbage . The lyrics and beats have been dumbed down to suit the current state of Hip Hop in 2004 , Alot of party/thugs-in-love tracks that the once grimey METHOD MAN should be ashamed for doing . There are too many cheesy guest appearences by the likes of PUFF DADDY , MISSEY , LUDACRISS , CHINKY , and BUSTA , that are aimed at attracting the 12 year old mall girl market , not the hip hop head . There is nothing CUTTING EDGE OR FRESH about this album . Method Man no longer sounds dope with his lyrics , and after waiting 6 YEARS this album is a major dissapointment for METHOD MAN and WU TANG fans .
 After listening to this CD I just feel cheated . Theres about 4 good but not great songs on this cd the rest are TRL sounding crap . Its not a only a sad for Wu Tang its a sad day for hip hop . One of the best MC 's of the last decade puts out this lazy rythmed and horribly produced album . There a few songs show glimpes why MEF was so great but most of this CD sounds like was written in a board room . All I can is Wu-Tang tricked me for the last time . Ive been a loyal fan scince 1993 im just sick of buying bad release after bad release !!!!! Wu-Tang is dead !!!!!!!!
 I used 2 think that METH was the BRUCE LEE of hip hopNow he 's turned in2 the Bruce Springsteen of flip flop -LRB- : < -RRB- http://cdbaby.com/cd/taki76
 After hearing these tracks . . This album is Whack . . the worst from Method man . . Do better next time meth . . this is weak album
 I am a huge Wu Tang fan , and have listened to their collabo albums , as well as their solo releases.I have news for everyone , Method Man has fallen off ... HARD . This is his second wack album in a row . But amazingly enough , this album is FAR worse than his last.If you want to listen to good Method Man music , just buy the original Tical . It is far too depressing to listen to this album , what a waste of talent.NOTE TO ALL WU TANG MEMBERS . Get RZA to produce every single track , without him YOU ARE NOTHING .
 First , I am a hardcore meth fan , until now . I got excited with the intro , a gritty old-school Wu jumpoff , then the next song was gritty , and getting me more excited ... and thats where the entire album should have stopped . This is the most disappointing thing that Meth could have done . I ca n't believe that it took him five years to make this miserable piece of junk . I hope that there will be a good follow up to this , but I wo n't be holding my breath . Also , why is P diddy on the album ? It seems that he is the exact opposite of everything that the Wu is , him being on the album just feels like a huge sellout . Well Meth has the series coming on fox , hopefully his acting only gets better , cuz obviously his music is getting worse . I guess I at least have a new coaster for my coffee table .
 Im a huge Wu-Tang supporter since they first came out . Meth is one of my fav . member , but i do n't know what happened in this album . To tell you the truth he did n't give it his all . Meth is a really creative person , but he was creative enough for this album . The beats are boring and the lyrics are just alright . Honestly the only song i liked are `` The Turn '' this song is def . 5 stars . Some alright songs that might catch peoples attention are ... `` The Show '' `` Who Ya 'll Rollin Wit '' `` Crooked Letter I '' `` Baby Come on '' `` Say What '' and `` Whats Happenin '' . Those songs are somewhat stand out tracks for the commercial fans , but personally those songs are n't my flavor . The other ok song in my eye is `` Afterparty '' . But for the most part the cd is terrible , No disrespect Meth . is very talented but not on this album .
 I was so hyped when I heard that Meth was coming out with an album two years ago . But , after waiting two years for this album , this is HALF ASS . The production is so out of control that no tune or song really exists . The only good tracks are The Turn , The Motto , Afterparty , and We Some Dogs . There are also too many f-ing guest spots ! I wanted to hear Meth rip tracks up and for him to actually make good songs , but no . Instead , this album had to go mainstream . You wo n't find gritty , dark , raw tracks here , like what Method Man has made in the past . Just flashy , beatsy crap . I can not believe Meth said he was satisfied with this album because now , I truly believe the Wu is gone .
 This album was basically garbage i am not a huge Method Man album but i was really lookin forward to get this cd . But when i got it i listened to it and was just disappointed . Only one single was released from the album `` Whats Happenin '' feat . Busta Rhymes which slowing died on Bet . A Second single was never released because there wasnt another song on the album that was any good . `` Rodeo '' a song feat . Ludacris was ok . But I would not go buy this album . I would stick to his first album Tical .
 Ok ... I love the Ol Meth , and I guess to some extent , I should have expected this album to be the way it was , partially because he SAID this album would be this way . `` Back to the roots ... The prequel ... the Party music to get down to '' to paraphrase the little blurb I read from Meth SOMEWHERE.Now I must admit , though I liked the two previous albums , I would have to say that they were n't `` classic '' to me as much as I expected them to be , but they were CONSIDERABLY better than this album . This one is `` good '' in the sense that the radio may or may not pick up on 6 of the tracks . It 's `` good '' in the sense that people who know nothing about Hip Hop might pick up the `` party album '' put out by that `` guy on TV , method man . `` It 's bad because ... Well , the songs suck . Even in the EXCESSIVE cameos , it 's hard to pull a great track out of the mix , and I 've honestly tried to give this album as much of a fair spin as possible . I waited for a couple of days to let the album sink in , listened to it again and again , TRYING to get excited that Meth finally put another album out , and sadly ... I 'm still disappointed . Now I did n't expect another Enter the Wu , Only Built For Cuban Links , or Liquid Swords , but I was hoping for at least a Tical
 `` Tical O
 I just listened to the whole cd from beginning to end , and I 'm dissapointed , but not alot because I was n't expecting alot from Method Man on this CD . One of my main complaints is why in the **** do the good songs such as # 7 and # 15 barely last 3 minutes , while his `` garbage '' songs , such as # 11 , last for 41/2 minutes !!!!!! The M-E-T-H-O-D Man has definitely went commercial ... in other words he pulled what I call an `` Ice Cube '' . Yall remember the `` old '' Ice Cube before all the movies and how nobody on the west could n't touch him . Thats how Meth was , but sadly we may never see the `` old '' Meth again . On a good note # 7 is str8 FIRE !!!!!! but too d * mn short . Buy this CD from a used CD joint ... there are probably some at a used CD store already .
 If you follow Wu closely , you know this cd is not the final product Meth wanted . We all know Def Jam controls the artists and does n't allow the artists complete creativity . Rza had reportedly produced around 10 tracks , and in Meth 's contrack they said he could have RZA produce a lot of tracks if his albums went gold , which they did . Mainstream people may like this , but true Gods know that this album would have been amazing if Def Jam were n't such control freaks . Only song I like is afterparty with ghostface killah . Buy Masta Killa - No Said Date , due out on June 1st . Going to be an amazing album .
 What happened that that anti-commercial , rough rugged and raw feeling ? This album is `` wickity-wickity-wickity-wickity wack , '' as Kris Kross once said.I had stayed away from Def Jam for a long time , being that they are now the McDonald 's of rap record labels . However , I figured that no , not even Def Jam , with its payolla legacy and party-track lineage , could ruin the vibe of one of the best Wu members . BOY , was I wrong . Most of this album is straight garbage . It 's said when the RZA intro is one of the best tracks on the entire CD . And that being said , WTF is up with all of these weak producers on the CD ???? RZA should have produced nearly every track . It 's no coincidence that the only banger on the CD is produced by the RZA - The Turn w / Raekwon . Method Man has turned into a shell of his former self . I remember when me and my boys used to rock all of his tracks on whatever CD was released , even if it only had one song on it . Now ... he is a clown , and just wasted my $ 10 . Unless you are a 14 year old party-track fan , or some one who is n't into the intellectual side of hip hop , skip this album and save up for the Master Killer joint instead . It 's going to be a LOOONG time before I buy another Def Jam album without hearing it first , by the way . It seems that whatever they touch , turns to mediocre rap garbage .
 and what else is there to say except for garbage ! This is one of the worst lps ever , not only from a WU member but ever-at leaat up there with that Vanilla Ice , MC Hammer , Young MC crap from back in the day -LRB- which are all better -RRB- to all that bs coming out of New Orleans and St Louis . This is straight up wack ! Meth has never been one of the more impressive solo mcs from the Wu , but the guy can spit and he always does well w/Redman or other Wu affiliates . Even Busta Rhymes , wack ass Busta Rhymes outshined Meth on his joint , and this is from a guy who says he always tries to kill it when it comes to other artist who are not Redman or Wu Tang members . Meth-you suck ! Give it up , stick to acting because you never were that good as a solo artist anyway-and the WU is finished . This abuml get 's one star and that 's only because of the RZA produced joint that he did with Raekwon and the Prequel . There is nothing good about this album-the production is terrible , and the guest apperances are even worst ! Do n't waste your money buying this garbage ! Do n't even worry about trying to download it ! This is n't even fit to be sold in K-Mart or Wal-Mart . All you NY/Jersey heads-toss this s ! * % over in the east river because that 's where it belongs !
 Method Man has lost his mind ! After watching Ghostface become the top Wu-soloist , and seeing his formula of picking good beats , keeping his guest appearances in house and just straight keeping it real , you would think Method would follow in kind . Instead he has dropped an album highlighting the worst parts of Tical 2 instead of taking it back to his roots . Why would they have RZA on the intro talking up this album and saying the Wu is back when this album is horrible commercial pop music and there is hardly any guest appearances by Wu-Tang Clan members ; ironically enough those and his solo cuts are the only decent songs on the album . There was a bunch of mixtapes preceding this album with a ton of RZA beats , but on Tical 0 there is only one ! When will his A&R man get it through his head ; the reason the Wu got popular in the first place is because their sound and style is unique ; by pairing Meth up with producers and rappers that we do n't want to hear with Meth -LRB- or period -RRB- like Missy , Puff , Ludacriss , etc. , he is making him sound like every other corny rapper out there . How hard can it be to make an album with just Wu-tang members and just RZA beats ; that would ship platinum ! Do n't buy this album ; pick up Masta Killas joint and definitely Ghostface and Theodore Unit .
 This album right here was a total bust , not because of Method Man 's rhymes -LRB- they never fell off -RRB- but because of the wack beats he rhymes over . Some of the beats border unlistenable . His beat selection is worse than Nas & Jadakiss combined . Wack production . Method Man keeps his usual velvet flow and wit on this album and even gets some interesting wordplay and metaphors in there but they are overlooked becuase of terrible beats and it 's a shame . After hearing ` What 's Happening ' I expected this album to be a surefire banger ... boy was I wrong . THe only songs I 'm feelin are What 's Happening , Say waht , The Motto , The Turn , and AfterParty after that cut the deck . This album is not worth any of your time .
 Huh . It is n't as bad as I was afraid it would be , but is n't nearly as good as I hoped . Here are the ratings :1 : Intro f / Rizah - **** . Alright for an intro .2 : The Prequel f / Streetlife - ** 1/2 . I really disliked the beat .3 : Say What f / Missy Elliot - **** . This one was a surprise.I hate Missy , but she did n'tappear much . Good song .4 : What 's Happenin ' f / Busta - ***** . The reason I bought thealbum .5 : The Motto - *** . Was n't bad , was n't good .6 : We Some Dogs f / Red and Snoop - ** . I had high hopes for thissong , but it was stupid .7 : The Turn f / Rae - **** . One of the better songs .8 : Tease f / Chinky - *** . Kind of stupid .9 : Rodeo f / Luda - * . DAMN this song sucked . I wish I could sayLuda sucked and Mef was good , but they bothdid .10 : Baby Come On - **** . I liked the beat and chorus .11 : Who Ya Rollin Wit - ** . Mainstream sound I disliked .12 : Never Hold Back - ** . Did n't like this either .13 : The show - *** . Not bad , not great .14 : Act Right - ***** . One of the best on the album .15 : Afterparty - **** . Kinda relaxed , laid-back kinda song .16 : Crooked Letter I - *** 1/2 . It was a very weird song , I kindaliked it .17 : Ridin ' For Outro - ***** . I really liked it . It had a poetryslam feel to it.Overall , his was a bad album . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 i love Method Man and hes still sick lyrical wise , but this album really lacks in beats , and there are way too many quest appearances that should n't be on here . Meth also kinda of lost his hard own delevery lyrical wise , hes gone soft rapping about women in such . Oh yeah its not THAT bad , buts its diaspointing
 I was really looking forward to this CD , with guest spots from Busta Rhymes , Snoop , and Ludacris . My first impression is that I 'm kinda dissapointed . Method Man is really lacking in things to talk about , has the same flow on every song , and uses a lot of connectors that I 've heard before . The beats are definately below average and some are even just plain weird . Also , I have yet to find a single track that just completely bangs . Some are better than others , but there are no real standouts . Maybe the CD will grow on me , but with the poor production and lack of lyrical content , I doubt it .
 After seeing the video with Busta , I thought `` yeah , this is gon na do it . '' Meth is finally gon na bring it like we always knew he could . But for , real , the single is about the only song I 'm really feeling on the CD . There a bunch of hot tracks though but , for me , the single is the only one where it all comes together nicely .
 Ayo this album is straight up garbage I expected so much more from meth espeacially since he had 2 years to make this . Big up to the t-dot bois on the album -LRB- Kardinal and Saukratees -RRB- . I hope this is not the down fall of meth but if he continues to put out this sold out music he will be another emcee gon ' whack.T-Dot What!Ez
 Funny that these guys call themselves `` Producers '' when they busy stealing beats -LRB- Whats Happening -RRB- from 1960 's Indian MoviesI guess the well really has run dry . This CD sucks along with every sample that these beat stealing # $ $ ^ & % * ^ * decide to use and call there own TICAL -- MY AZZ !
 corny songs with corny beats and corny lyrics . old school method man is the way to go .
 this album is nominated by me for the worst thing that ever happened this year for music . The lyrics seemed to be written by a four year old who is retarded . I 've lost faith in Method man after this album
 i couldnt find a single song that i enjoyed or could listen to fully !!! f# ck this @sshole for putting out such garbage
 YO THIS ALBUM IS WACK SON , IT BELONGS TO A TRASH BIN RATHER THAN MY CLASSIC CLOSET WHICH IS FILLED WITH HIP HOP RELEASED B/W 1991 & 1995 -LRB- GOLDEN ERA -RRB- HIP HOP IS DEAD WORD . -LRB- 1988-1995 GOLDEN ERA -RRB- -LRB- 1997-PRESENT WACK ERA -RRB- .
 IF You want ur ' 36 chambers backHere 's the deal1 . Stop buying all Wu Tang releases , YES I MEAN ALL , whether is new or old , good or bad and any wu - tang related , because i got a feeling they are not gon na coming back with a good one , if we asked them to make a good record , they will tell us to buy they old record . i think they just lazy , today they just wan na make money , not a record , let them know without a NEW GREAT record , there is no fan will gon na buy their albums and that means no money . They think they could playin us for keep buying their albums while they busy tryin ' to please HIP-POP fans , if they `` up and coming '' album is not a WU - TANG album that we all know -LRB- kung fu sample , whole lot of RZA 's beats , none other than Wu families `` in house '' guest -RRB- DO NOT BUY IT !!! 2 . Do not buy ANY Wu-Tang clothes , shoes or any product related to them .3 . Do not visit their site , if you had a fanzine dedicated to them , you know what to do DISACTIVE IT !! 4 . Stop requesting their song on the radio -LRB- if they do -RRB- , tell the radio dj to not playing their song , and if you hear one of their song being played in the club tell the dj too shut it off .5 . If you fell unlucky for bought their recent albums -LRB- lex diamond story , the movement , tical prequel , the birth of prince -RRB- you all can gather with other feel unlucky wu-tang fan , to collect all albums that i already mentioned , and burn those album all into dust as sign of our rejection , tape this action and put it on the internet , or the picture of it on your local underground paper -LRB- school , campus or whatever -RRB- .6 . Please spread this message.Don ' t get me wrong , i love WU , I just tryin ' to save them . If you hate this idea , do you have somethin' better . Sometime we have to be hard dealin ' with somethin that we love , it is likewoopin ' your child @ss when he \ she done somethin really bad . Me and all my friends in Indonesia -LRB- we are die hard wu-tang fans -RRB- already starts this movement , let them know that we which is their fans , HATE their new direction -LRB- they took the downroad -RRB- . We gon na run this ban until their give us their truest form . Do you remember the day when the Wu album out , you just go and buy it without listening it first or care what other people say , but today i had to download it first and read a bunch of reviews.I miss that good old days , maybe they should heard their own song `` Can it be all so simple '' , if you fell like the way i feelLET THE MOVEMENT BEGINRUBBY W
 Method Man has ... . I do n't even know where to begin ! Well , we should probably start with the facts
 Anxiously and with enthusiasm last night I loaded in the new Level42 - `` Live at Reading Concert '' dvd.The concert hall , being more like a high school stage with full indoor lighting had no atmosphere and the audience were all totally dead and frigid , offering the band no support whatsoever.Some sort of light show as with past concerts might also have helped a little.Having had many years of experience in their musical history I was extremely disapointed with this , Level 42s ` last ditch effort in producing the old style sounds.Mark King still today exceeded and performed with his phenomenal style and experience but it could clearly be seen that he strained to pull the others along in the band as their leader , as they tried to maintain the traditional sounds that went with the name of Level 42 . This dvd shows that the sounds of Level 42 days are truly over as they limped along through the titles.In years gone by hitches were well overcome and smoothed over with the unified skills of Mike Lindup and Mark King sticking close , for example , back in the days with the Boon brothers disintigrations.However it was n`t until Mike Lindup finally stepping out leaving Mark to carry the name alone , did it sadly start to slowly conclude as we see it today.The music of Level 42 has carried a great deal of strong and diversified musical history milestones from their start in the early 80 ` s until their end at the parting of the two leaders.Mark and Mike today are both making a sucess in their efforts to venture into their own careers , as do many famous bands at the end of its time.But I believe it is now time to close the book on the great sound of Level 42 that was so prevelant in the years past and leave it as that ... a great memory .
 O.K. ... O.K. before everybody sends me tons of e-mail about my errors.It was n`t until I re-read my rating did I see it myself.Apologies to all concerned.That should have read as the Gould brothers ... Boon & Phil , and not the Boon brothers.I ` m sorry : - -RRB-
 If you are searching for the sounds from a * walk * in a forest , then this disc is for you . My preference , when I am sitting in my media room , is to immerse myself in a sound field that resembles a * stationary * position , like sitting by an ocean , or hearing a realistic portrayal of rain or a thunderstorm . And this is where this disc falls short.Although most segments sound pretty realistic in isolation , when you listen to the disc from start to end , you quickly get the sense that a sound engineer has `` faded in '' the sound of a brook and then later `` faded it out '' to give you the impression of walking past it . These `` fade ins / fade outs '' occur through the disc , and this is why it falls short of scoring top marks.Depending on whether you seek entertainment or realism , you will either like this disc , or you will be somewhat disappointed by it .
 This album has nothing to do with the soundtrack from the movie Boiler Room - please stay away if that is what you 're looking for .
 ... this record was big in the UK ... and I 've had the displeasure of hearing it ... and I do n't understand the positive reviews this is nothing new at all ... and the singer 's voice ? Ugh ... it 's annoying songs like `` The Same Jeans '' which will have people saying for weeks in a gerbil like fashion `` I 've had the same jeans on for four days now '' WELL DONE !!! WE DO N'T CARE ... so yes more brit pop that completely follows the verse chorus struture ... no interesting instrumentals and an annoying singer ... bravo england ... we 've done it again ...
 There are some interesting sounds on here , but the album lacks narrative , purpose , motion , and e-motion . I 've had this on and off my rotation a few times to see if subsequent listenings in different moods and contexts would bring out some compelling dimension that my initial listening was not receptive to , but as much as I have liked Doof , and as much as I wanted to like this album , I have to conclude that for those who like some life to their trance or whatever , this parcels it out so sparingly as to be more frustrating than fun.Take , for example , `` Nights in Shining Alma '' -- there are four and a half minutes of completely aimless science-fictiony undersea sounds before anything resembling a theme shows up , and that never goes anywhere . Or take the initial track `` Try '' -- It has a beat , it 's got some sound , but eventually it reveals itself as plodding.Some tracks are more inherently energetic
 Though it 's poorly documented , this 1977 Stax album -LRB- STX-4102 -RRB- is , roughly speaking , a reissue of Hayes ' 1975 album `` Use Me '' -LRB- STX-1043 -RRB- . It 's notable mainly for the marathon 13-minute version of Roberta Flack 's 1974 hit , `` Feel Like Makin ' Love '' -LRB- written by Eugene McDaniel -RRB- , which was also released as a single in 1978 . Track listing :1 . Use Me2 . I 'm Gon na Have To Tell Her3 . The Ten Commandments of Love4 . Feel Like Makin ' Love5 . Hobosac and MeThe CD has four of the five tracks from the original LP , substituting the previously unreleased instrumental `` Hobosac and Me '' for `` Good Love 6-9969 . '' `` Use Me , '' of course , is a Bill Withers song , and `` Ten Commandments '' is the old Moonglows doo wop classic . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 With all the big name artists dropping albums lately , it 's easy to look past certain albums by certain artists that are n't really in the `` mainstream '' of things . Slum Village realized this and collaborated with a man who seems to be on everything right now , Kayne West . With their first single `` Selfish '' , they seem to have found the perfect formula for success . I swear I can sing the hook of that song for hours . Now hearing their first single I expected to be treated to some of the same ... however , I came to like only a few other songs . If you have a Cd Burner and a good downloading program , just get the selfish song and save your money .
 Slum Village always has a track or two that I can get with & then I 'm stuck with so-so to forgetable cuts there after.this Album has good Production but the writing ai n't happening & that is my biggest knock here . `` Selfish '' is one of those Cuts when they drop a Greatest Hits set that I will Rock this time of the year for it 's laid back feel & vibe.much like with `` Tainted '' . `` The Hours '' is a cool rack.but to me they have a singles Act written all over them & nothing wrong with that at all .
 The music was uneven and the volumn was going in and out as I listened to it . Really disappointing . Poor quality recording .
 There are some interesting sounds on here , but the album lacks narrative , purpose , motion , and e-motion . I 've had this on and off my rotation a few times to see if subsequent listenings in different moods and contexts would bring out some compelling dimension that my initial listening was not receptive to , but as much as I have liked Doof , and as much as I wanted to like this album , I have to conclude that for those who like some life to their trance or whatever , this parcels it out so sparingly as to be more frustrating than fun.Take , for example , `` Nights in Shining Alma '' -- there are four and a half minutes of completely aimless science-fictiony undersea sounds before anything resembling a theme shows up , and that never goes anywhere . Or take the initial track `` Try '' -- It has a beat , it 's got some sound , but eventually it reveals itself as plodding.Some tracks are more inherently energetic
 I bought this CD because the price was so cheap . Due to the poor sound quality I never play it . Waste of money !
 Low fidelity remakes . Steer clear . Stick with anything from the Decca/MCA family of labels .
 Not the original recordings ; not even the original recordings remastered . These renditions were made by an older Pat Boone who could n't hit the high notes , and who did n't have the depth for the low notes . This set of recordings are truly second-rate . I flushed my version off my disk . Instead of buying this -LRB- apparently low-cost -RRB- album , go for the `` 20th Century Masters
 Item listed IS NOT , repeat NOT the 1957 DOT label recording of the soundtrack for the movie `` April Love . ''
 I purchased a cd from this seller that was advertised as new . However the cd came in an unsealed cd case and was obviously used . The insert was old and had stains on it and was slightly ripped . When I contacted the seller she denied that the cd was used . The only reason I kept it was because the cd was in good condition and I did n't want to go through the trouble of shipping it back . I wo n't order from this seller again .
 This would have been great except I kept hearing someone in the foreground clearing their throat . Not the really bad phlegm sound but still it bugged me . Perhaps this explains the price , too good to be true .
 This is the worse rap album I 've heard in a long time . The lyrics have no meaning or message . It 's just your basic Yo Yo Yo Word Up Ho . Buy Some classic Fat Pat .
 The best song on this cd is `` I 've Got You Babe '' which has Bobby as lead singer . Not to discredit James 's vocal ability as a lead singer but he 's too nasal to sing lead . I feel that most of these songs should have had either Bobby or Randy as the lead off singers with a mixture of all the brothers doing background . Mark has a very nice voice also but i like him so much better as a background singer .
 I may be prejudice due to the fact that this DeBarge roster was without its superstar , El DeBarge ; but after listening to the samples of this album , I have to say that the overall production of this album was bad and I mean bad as in horrible . El and Bunny DeBarge both left the group in late 1985 to pursue solo careers and Motown dropped the rest of the members . Former Switch lead-singer and eldest brother Bobby joins the group , but it did ` nt help the band at all . With New Jack Swing and Hip-Hop music now taking over black music by 1987 , the traditional balladeers could n't compete and it did ` nt help that they were signed to a small -LRB- soon defunct -RRB- label called Striped Horse . `` You 're a Big Boy Now '' is the dumbest song on there -LRB- they performed it on a 1987 episode of the hit 80s show , Punky Brewster -RRB- and DeBarge 's worst song ever in my honest opinion . I never even heard of this album until 2003 and I 'm a DeBarge fan . I 'm not against the album because it poor sales , I 'm just against it because the songs ' choppy production and lack of originality and creativity . The disappointing sales of this album prompted Bobby DeBarge into drug trafficking and was later arrested and convicted to seven years in prision -LRB- along with the youngest brother , Chico DeBarge -RRB- in 1988 . By 1989 , rest of the group had officially disbanded and hit rock bottom , and soon Bunny and El followed . To this day , the surviving members are still fighting their demons and as a long time fan , I pray that they finally put these demons to rest , permanently .
 For starters I love Bun B and Pimp C and UGK and all that but the thing that kills it is Lil Jon yelling `` gansta grizzel '' like 10 times in every track . I love lil Jon too , but they coulda done without it . also they just rappin over other peps beats , it just sounds like a mixed tape kinda deal . but heard rumor that bun b is bout to come out with an offical bun b record , not a mixed tape , or nothin like that , but only reason why i gave it two stars is just cuz they got tight flows on the tracks , but not their own beats , and lil jon coulda just shut the hell up on those tracks . just keepin it real . i wouldnt spend the money , id just wait for bun b to release his own offical cd , or till pimp c get out and ugk hooks it back up .
 when i purchased this item i was under the impression that it was the dvd not the digital cd . when it arrived i realized what it was and looked further to find the dvd . i believe that you people need to clearly describe the item on your website to prevent this from happening again . however i did find the dvd and purchased it from amazon.com as well and was very pleased with the services this go around and will return someday to make another purchase . thnak you . jeremy wiggins
 I was really looking forward to this new cd , but was very disappointed . Some jokes were obviously old , and the new material was not funny at all . Save yourself the money , and do n't even borrow from a friend .
 Needed the item by the weekend . Traded email with them on a tuesday - they said if I ordered a DIFFERENT Item , i 'd get it shipped immediately . So I did . Saturday comes ... nothing is here . email them `` sorry , shipping is 2 to 7 days , please be patient `` In other words they talked me into buying a different product KNOWING I would n't have it when I needed it by . Its shipped FROM CHINA.Don ' t beleive these great reviews , these people are bad bad bad .
 I heve not received this CD until now !!!!!! Can you explain this ? It has benn so long since i did this order !!! Petr Polak
 I heard a song by this band at a cafe and someone said it was by `` Embrace . '' I do n't know the name of the song I heard that day , but it sure ai n't on this CD . I hate the kind of music that 's on this CD . Apparently they have a huge following in the UK , so do n't pay too much attention to my opinion . Some people must love it . But I HATED it .
 Needed the item by the weekend . Traded email with them on a tuesday - they said if I ordered a DIFFERENT Item , i 'd get it shipped immediately . So I did . Saturday comes ... nothing is here . email them `` sorry , shipping is 2 to 7 days , please be patient `` In other words they talked me into buying a different product KNOWING I would n't have it when I needed it by . Its shipped FROM CHINA.Don ' t beleive these great reviews , these people are bad bad bad .
 certainly Oakenfold has a lot of credibility as a dj , and also for his part in the Perfecto label , which was one of the first to produce what became known as ` progressive house ' and then later , ` trance ' here in the states , in the mid 90 's . Ironically it didnt progress at all , and quickly , working dj 's were inundated and practically beat over the head with hundreds of records which all sounded exactly alike.By the end of the millenium it was nothing more than a soundtrack for car commercials or trendy clothing stores.I thought that just maybe , with the variety of vocalists on this album , I might have found something that could be new , innovtaive or ground breaking , but it did n't happen . The only thing that seems to change is the sound of the vocalists , the music behind them is just another batch of canned sounds and beats . This might be alright if you have never listened to any type of electronic music beforehand , but there 's a good chance that you will find much better .
 I have been a Oakenfold fan for many years now and was quite disappointed with the Bunka album . Like many others I was drawn in by Stary Eyed Suprise , and Ready Steady Go , yet the rest of the album is total ... . Oakenfold is arguably a musical genius , producing bands like U2 , and discovering numerous electronic music artists with his Perfecto label . Bunka is essentially Oakenfolds sell out album , going directly for mass pop appeal by sacrificing artisic integrity , and possilby his former fan base . My advise is this
 I guess if you 've heard his stuff on the radio from this cd and you like it , it 'll probably be the only one that you do like that the man has put out . Compleatly different in every way possible from all his other stuff .
 I wo n't buy this album , and not because Pual is breaking my heart by abonding trance . I 've always respected Paul 's career from his roots in hip-hop to his expierments in ambient and his funky drum & bass excursions . His work in trance maybe where he gained his most noterity , but it 's by no means his home.I wo n't buy this album because it 's just not good music . I 've heard almost every track and with the exception of the single , none of it 's interesting . You 'll find that every major reviewer in every important music magazine will agree.Its not really a dissapointment . Nobody expected a great artits album from this guy . He may have the pedigree . But an artits album , especially in electronica -LRB- and all its sub-genres -RRB- , is a difficult monster to pull off .
 I feel that Oakenfold 's , `` Bunkka '' does not even compare to his old albums . His new `` style '' that he exhibits in this album will leave old fans of Oakey disappointed ... Although this album has big names , such as
 I would not recommend those who like PA to purchase this CD . I think this CD does n't reflect his style . It 's very hard to listen to compared to his previous CDs . If you want to get some jungle or trip hop there are plenty of other artists in this category ...
 In a word , `` ugh '' . A lot of people are going to be predisposed to disliking or underestimating this record before they even hear it , thinking that anyone whose highly-lauded world reputation mainly consists of spinning other people 's music -LRB- in the words of the inimitable Henry Rollins , `` a record player player '' -RRB- is probably a suspect musician at best . And while there are sufficient examples of DJs who have released original material that were n't wretched to counter this belief , this album and DJ is not one of them.Let me make this much clear
 Every dj experiments with new sounds and styles . But for a true UK trance DJ ... pop ??? Oakenfold breaks loose of the traditional trance euphoria previously released in such titles as ` tranceport ' or the 007 global underground series , and takes on a new twist . Mixing wack beats with funky lyrics , he manages to spit out a new sound , but I didnt go for it . I would reccomend anyone to pass on this item . If youre looking to hear some of oakenfolds best stuff , I 'd reccomend ` Planet Perfect presents another world . '
 This album is bunk ! The great Oakie has fallen down the slippery slope that consumed Moby et . al. . I give it 2 stars because of the great opening track , then the album goes down and down into the abyss of sell-out from there.I saw his bunk tour in Detroit , it was cool until he put his decks away and some guy came out on stage with an electric guitar and tried to play live techno on it . Needless to say there was no vibe at the event.There 's still hope for Oakie . Everyone is entitled to a mistake every now and then , but if he repeats this error with another sellout album , we 'll have to pass the heavyweight champion title to a new DJ .
 Then this would be that one time you wish you 'd used a condom.For all those Oakie fans who own or have listened to albums like Tranceport , A Voyage Into Trance , Travelling , or Another World , and you LIKE them , then DO NOT put yourself within a mile 's radius of this bright orange evil called `` Bunkka '' . This is n't even TRANCE . It 's GARBAGE and I do n't kno WHAT to call it but I wish I could give it -5 stars . After listening to this CD , I just ca n't look at Oakenfold the same way anymore . I would have been happier getting the new JoJo or Hillary Duff album . But then again , that 's probably what you 'll find in the CD collection of anyone in here giving this album a positive review.Avoid this pop sell-out session of suck like it was the plague . * shudders *
 The biggest load of cr ** p I 've heard in years . A couple of songs are passable but totally out of context . Oakenfold can not decide where he wants to be musically on this album .
 Oakey ... why?Alright everyone , I was introduced to electronic music with Tranceport and have had a special place in my musical heart for Paul Oakenfold . I have many good and meaningful memories of nights and days listening to Oakenfold , through thick and thin , I have defended him against the elitist underground local DJ 's saying he sold out etc. . . but I can deny it no longer!I bought this album with the confidence that Oakenfold could do it . He could use the vocals from that one-hit-wonder crazeytown guy and make a good song , he could really do something new and different with all these tracks . I listened to this album with waning confidence and a growing sense of true sadness . I kindof liked the sounds on the first track , besides the james bond riff , but otherwise I wondered if the CD store was still open so I could sell the CD back for $ 4.Trance-pop-movie-music is what Oakenfold is now contributing to . After Swordfish , he just lost his view . There is not art in this . No expression . Just money.Taking a break from his ` day-job ' ?? To some people , his long and already very successful career was more than a ` day-job ' , he held a strong position in forming the progressive trance scene , and now he has given up . He does n't feel he posesses the will or the creativity to keep it alive , so he has to abandon it and salvage whatever potential funds he can with whats making money right now . That is selling out . Thats going pop.You can still like it . Its not ` bad ' to like pop . I just personally think you are shallow and have no taste . Thats just my opinion.He is contributing to the -LRB- inevitable -RRB- further downfall of the once great genre of progressive trance . Kindof like Al Gore becoming a Republican or something.So ... if you enjoy listening to hollow , pretentious , saggy pop with an electronic face-lift -LRB- such as crazytown , black eyed peas , and linkin park -RRB- then you might really like this album.But for those of you who have come to investigate this album because of Oakenfolds previous albums and sound , its not here . Check out his ` Another World ' CD or ` Tranceport ' , or Ibiza or live at cream , just ... please ... save yourself the sorrow of hearing the fall of a once great pillar of progressive trance.The glowsticks cant glow forever I guess.Paul Oakenfoldb .1970 - d. 2003R . I.P
 The stars are out in force in this pathetic attempt by Paul Oakenfold to spur sales of his awful CD . He tries to cover plenty of musical bases by including such a range of different artists ... from Ice Cube to Perry Farrell to Nelly Furtado.The only track that has any spark to it is the lead track , `` Ready Steady Go '' . You can tell it was originally made several years ago because it has that Crystal Method vibe running through it . The song could have easily appeared on their breakthrough `` Vegas '' album.Sadly , the remaining ten tracks are n't anywhere near that level of quality . Oakenfold does absolutely nothing to take advantage of the considerable talent he lined up to appear on his CD . The arrangements are amateurish and do n't contain anything resembling a pleasant melody . He also uses a few vocalists who could n't make it past the first round of `` American Idol '' . With such a large and loyal following , I was expecting a lot more from Paul Oakenfold . This album 's a definite surprise . It just is n't a pleasant one .
 I 've been an Paul Oakenfold fan for years . I 've had the pleasure of experiencing his magic at the clubs . His remixes are without a doubt the BEST in the trance/house music world . But this album has totally abandoned all of what has made Oakenfold a club scene icon.This album is AWEFUL . Period . My jaw dropped as I listened to each track . Instead of an exciting journey of house trance , I was dragged through a mix of pop rap that was totally laughable.Please Mr. Oakenfold , go back to your original style of music !! There is nothing on this album that even warrants a single beat on the dance floor .
 This is a really , really poor album . I consider myself an Oakenfold fan in general , and was pretty excited about his first original-composition work . I was not shocked to find the album was designed to have pop-appeal -- what shocked me was how cheaply this was done . Only one or two tracks rank at `` listenable '' status in my opinion , and this is not enough to merit buying the album . There is just no artistic talent here . The `` all-star cast '' only adds insult to injury , because it is obvious that the album is just a big commercial promotion of the kind you expect from an `` artist '' who just wants to `` cash in . '' For fun pop-electronic done well , try BT 's `` Movement in Still Life '' and steer clear of this stinker . I would n't take it for free .
 Usually I do not review audio CD 's but with this extremely disappointing I feel compelled to put in my two words `` Sell Out '' . That is how I view this new album Paul has deviated from his techno-trance mixes to attempt a fusion with rock , hip-hop and pop music . In all this new mix breed of music was just too awful and painful to the ear . You have lost my vote Paul ; I will be very cautious in blindly picking up your next album .
 Oakenfold sold out more and more year after year . This album is even worst than I could have Imagined . He has totally moved away from trance and into the pop world . This album has absolutely nothing to do with modern electronic dance music and should not be confused as such . I think this proves that Oakenfold is all about the dollar and not about the music .
 Not as good as expected .1 -RRB- If you 're a pop/mainstream music lover , you may like this one -LRB- doubt it -RRB- .2 -RRB- If you 're an Oakenfold fan , a techno/trance/electronic music lover , then this one will definitely dissapoint you . NOT FOR YOU ! This is an attempt -LRB- a mediocre one -RRB- of a fantastic DJ to go manistream , and it really fails to do so.Here is my final word . If you like radio music and enjoy some techno , get something else , there is not enough melody here for you . If you are a techno/trance music fan , I am sorry to say that this is not for you either . You 're better off getting Oakenfold 's TRANCEPORT ... There are only two or three decent -LRB- OK -RRB- tracks here . The rest is garbage ... Two and a half stars is as best as I can do for this one , and I am being generous .
 From Heaven to Hell , from good music to commercial pop ... What happened to Paul Oakenfold ? Too much `` enigma '' in his coffee ? Bunkka was a good album and enhancing it would have been very difficult . Instead of that the result of Bunkka -LRB- enhanced -RRB- will dissapoint all the fans ... of course on a busyness point of view it is more accessible to the average listener ... money talks ... again!PAUL OAKENFOLD 's WORST ALBUM EVER ...
 This was a total disappointment , went to the used CD store within a month , blah .
 With all my friends hyping Paul Oakenfold , I thought it might be something special . Not at all . Ready , Steady , Go is the only moderately catchy track on the album - the rest are dippy mood music . If you want interesting electronica , try BT -LRB- not perfect , but WAY better than this -RRB- , or better yet , Bush - Deconstructed .
 Paul Oakenfold , thought to be one of the best DJs in the world . I did n't have to think twice about buying this cd . When I heard all of the cameos on this cd , I was very mad , -LRB- I edited that -RRB- . I listened to the first track , it was not what I was expecting , when the track switched to the next song , I was confused , I thought where is the mixing ? Then I heard the rest of the cd and realized that I had been scammed by Paul Oakenfold . Over time he had impressed me by making flawless cds in the past , then I heard this disgusting waste of plastic and I doubted his mental state . As an avid Oakenfold fan , and a fan of good music I suggest not listening or buying this cd . Even though I 'm not from England or Europe , I still know what good trance music is , and this is definately not one of those cds .
 Someone has taken over the controls of Oakenfold Central , and our Trance/Dance Superman , was slayed with a big slab of Kryptonite . Everyone 's review talks about how this is a breakthrough album , or how the old skool vs new skool rap is meshed well . If you want old skool rap , why would you want to go pickup an OAKIE CD ? Get real , this is an experimental CD that 's bandaided together and just does n't work . What bugs me the most ? It 's that Oakie headquarters have now truly been taken over by Lex Luthor ! Someone , PLEASE get Lois Lane to rescue SuperOakie , or we 're doomed for more of this junk !
 ^ Zoo York ^ glued this cd together for me ... then I watched Requiem for a Dream . I apologize for this oversight . I thank the Kronos Quartet and Clint Mansell
 Bunkka should be boxed with a 2nd cd , that 2nd cd should be Michelle Branch or one of her teen pop sensation friends -LRB- or maybe Crazy Town or whoever he got to help him -RRB- because thats the target audience with this album because those kids -LRB- when they 're not listening to Metallica and Michelle Branch -RRB- like to listen to Paul Oakenfold 's Bunkka and pretend they 're at a rave , which is their # 1 dream ... too bad their parents wo n't let them go , time to rebel . I strongly advise that you avoid this album as if touching it would instantly give you AIDS .
 First time I listened to it I really wanted to hate it . Basically he 's taken every main stream style -LRB- minus brittney -RRB- from America and created individual tracks around them . No style of his own -LRB- apart from the obvious drop of trance sound in them -RRB- . It sounds alot like BT stuff which really annoyed me , as BT is god at what he does , and in the last couple of years it made him huge in the states . It was him who moved into sound tracks . Then you get on-the-band-wagon oakie who get 's to do a few soundtracks -LRB- i.e. Swordfish -RRB- and next he 's bringing out an album sounding just like BT but with bigger names on it who owe Oakie a favour for him doing some remix for them . One sample is actually a telephone recording of some record label in the states , ringing him back , who think his music is great and want to sign him up . It has no individuality , no depth , no nothing . It just is!Now , having said all that there is a way to like the album . Do n't relate Oakie 's name to it . Listening to it with out knowing who did it , you would think it 's a pretty good , commercial pop album , with some nice bits in it . Oakie has used every technique in the book -LRB- blatantly stealing from other people -RRB- to create a well produced album for the American market , which are more collaborations than originals.One thing to note is the track Zoo York off it . It 's a remix of ` that ' tune from Requiem for a Dream . Sad bit is , that he has brutalised the essence of it -LRB- and speeded it up -RRB- . Oakie use to be a god , now he 's just a ... Pete Waterman imitator .
 My guess is that you must connect to a website to get the 11 songs . Anyway , the CD ENHANCED version which I bought , did not come with the 11 songs . Nor did the seller respond . The `` famous '' website -LSB- ... -RSB- does not function . The site is CLOSED . So , buyer be aware .
 Okay , so first things first ... this is n't a mix cd , its his ` artist cd . ' I knew that going into it , and I still bought it because hey , its oakenfold ... should be pretty good right ? Welll ... not so much . It 's barely even okay.I really love Oakenfold 's earlier mix cds . Transport is absolutely amazing , Another World and Essential Selection are great mixes too . But i noticed as he got more and more popular , with the whole Area : One tour -LRB- saw him perform there , he was a million times better at the clubs where i saw him -RRB- that his cds were starting to decline in quality . ` Travelling ' and ` Ibiza ' just were n't all that interesting . And then came this cd . Yiiikes . Its just really boring . It 's like bad pop music , only techno-fied . Starry-Eyed Surprise might be good if he would drop that lame rapping guy ... uggh . . the lyrics are soooo bad , and so poorly constructed . Hypnotized is another alright track . The only high point is ` Southern Sun ' ... but even then , the remixes -LRB- Tiesto and Solar Stone -RRB- are far superior . The rest of the album is rather forgettable . I 've listened to it maybe 4 times . And trust me , its not one of those cds that you have to ` get into ' by discovering it 's ` deep layers . ' There 's nothing deep here . If you want one of those cds , check out Sasha 's airdrawndagger ... its amazing , faaaar better than Bunkka .
 We knew it was going to happen eventually , and now it has . Oakenfold , one of the most well-known and talented DJs in the world , has abandoned his trademark style abruptly , and moved on to the more lucrative American pop genre . Do n't be fooled
 This can only be the lowest point of Oaky 's career so far . For a man who has proved his talents time and again with productions like Grace & remixes like `` Even better than the real thing '' , this is hugely disappointing . Totally disjointed . Totally non-dance floor friendly . Totally pointless collaborations . Totally devoid of anything bar one track -LRB- Ready Steady Go -RRB- that would make anyone listen to this CD a second time . It defies belief that he can even but his name to some of the rubbish on here . -LRB- Starry-Eyed Surprise sounds like a 5ive B-Side - awful -RRB- . The Harder They Come -LRB- feat . Nelly Furtado & Tricky -RRB- is almost laughable it 's so bad ; Nixon 's Spirit is just dull ... I have been a Paul Oakenfold fan for over 10 years but lately his mix CD 's have been very average and this CD will only further damage his already fading reputation on the dance scene . I 'm not sure what kind of audience he was hoping to please with this offering but it is best forgotten . If you are going to buy this , hang on for a few months and I 'm sure you 'll pick it up in any bargain bin ... He should listen to Sasha 's Airdrawndagger . There 's a man who know how to produce a masterpiece .
 What 's going on with Oakie lately !!! To date I own every Oakenfold release and I have to say that since Perfecto Presents Ibiza he has chosen to take a different ` style ' that his `` trance '' fans appreciate much less . After the Ibiza release came Swordfish -LRB- which is understandable since it 's a soundtrack -RRB- . . and now Bunkka ... WHAT 'S WRONG !?! ... This CD is not in the form of his old GOOD progressive tracks but rather in the form of SONGS ... which changes dramatically his old style . This CD is a mix of ROCK , POP & electronica all mixed together . Of course like others say if you like Oakie 's ` trance ' side or in fact if you like any house/trance/techno ... stay away from this !!! But on the other hand if you are someone who has no particular taste is electronica and need a ... & bad way to introduce yourself to it , then do buy it ... Of Course I understand very well the fact that Oakenfold has chosen to create a CD in the form of SONGS and that this is a debut artist CD in which he intended to portray a more ` artistic ' sound rather than his energenic progressive tracks ... but I do not agree with the reviewer that said this is an emotion ` filled ' cd , I do listen to other music genres , that ARE filled with more emotions but this is NOT IT ! I ca n't really associate this kind of music to anything I like in music , and believe me I am very open-minded when it comes to music ! This is probably a good CD for what it 's intended to be but Oakie should remember his `` old '' fans that got him to where he is now instead of searching for a completely new audience with this CD ... I guess we 'll see if that 's confirmed with his next release !
 I was totally surprised at this CD ! Oakenfold has been the driving ambition for alot of aspiring techno artist and DJ 's . The music has no form to it , and with all these different collaborations of this music makes it even worse . Its like he made this overnight ! He 's better off with just stickin with producing music , not making it .
 Patchy , derivative , unoriginal . How exactly is this an album of original music -- it 's sample mania , from sounds to vocals to grooves . He lifts entire pieces from Kronos Quartet , ferchrissake . If cheesy Eurodiva vocals are your thing -LRB- I guess he could n't get Bjork but did n't mind finding someone who imitates her -RRB- , you 'll be in heaven here . In terms of originality and composition it is n't all that much better than stuff being produced by a slew of bedroom musicians across the world using Cubase or ProTools on their PCs . You can hear stuff as good or better on mp3.com any time . On the plus side , it 's well produced and he gets decent synth sounds . Oakenfold is enormously popular and not about to go away -- like most bubblegum , when it catches , it 's hard to get rid of .
 Very disappointing collection of downtempo , blah , and loungy material . In an effort to gain audience he will lose his core fan base in the process . There will be lots of used copies for sale soon ...
 it was re-released with vocals lifted with exception of Southern Sun . I realize Oakey was diverse musical background and perhaps my musical tastes are narrow but this CD was a let down . Another World was not pure trance but I loved it -LRB- I love Dead Can Dance and the whole 4AD sound -RRB- . The vocals on Bunkka just gets in the way of enjoying the music . On electronic music , I generally prefer just ethereal female voices -LRB- e.g. any Jan Johnston or McLachlan on Delerium 's Silence -RRB- . Nearly half the Bunkka tracks have rap/hip-hop in it . Puke .
 Paul Oakenfold has really done some amazing stuff in the past . He has a knack for producing electronic music , especially in the trance genre . This album , however , can be summed up into one genre
 This is a very experimental CD from Oakie in a way similar to Swordfish . I think its a shame because it really seems like he has left his old style behind and now seems to persue a more ` pop ' y style to his music including famous American artists in his tracks . The Reviews on this CD resume itself to either1 or 5stars -LRB- like him or hate him -RRB- . Like others say DO NOT buy this CD if you are expecting some of Oakie 's `` good '' work -LRB- Perfecto Presents , tranceport -RRB- but if you like pop , then do buy it , Oakie still has GREAT talent ... this could be called electropop I guess .
 By todays standard this album is antiquated junk . How does anyone listen to this crap is beyond me . So many talented Jazz artist , why go back to listen to this shit . Few past artists are worth listening Dave Brubeck , and Dizzy are great .
 I needed a recording of the `` Alle Rustica '' RV 151 in a hurry . Too bad for me . The sound is dark and very muddy as if it was recorded in the bottom of a well . Not recommended .
 My title pretty much sums it up . The original cast of Into the Woods was irreplacable and this attempt is contemptable . I am so glad that I did n't spend money to buy it or see it . I feel sorry for the friend who did though I hear it 's going out in her next garage sale if she can sell it . If not it 's going to good will !
 I am a huge fan of the original 1987 cast recording . Into The Woods is what made me go into theatre in the first place . This recording does no justice to Stephen Sondheim 's wonderful work.Vanessa Williams ! Please , she can not hold her own on stage and is not at all the right choice for this role . Vanessa is very nazaly in the recording and her voice makes my head hurt . And the girl who played Little Red Ridinghood gave me a migrane . Now I mean comeon , two wolves ? What !? Plus both of the men who played the princes were quite bad and the performance seemed forced . The man who played Jack was rather boring . His performance was overdone . He was n't Jack ... he was an actor playing Jack . And can I get a muzzle for the woman who played Cinderella 's evil stepmother . Holey.I do have to say the woman who played Cinderella was wonderful . She had great voice and worked well on stage . The woman who played The Bakers Wife was fine . It 's hard to fill Joanna Gleason 's shoes but she held her own . Also the song `` Our Little World '' is quite lovely ... but Vanessa killed it . I wish I could hear Bernadette sing it.In other words , this recording is terrible . Stick with the original cast recording . And get the DVD . Both wonderful .
 Like many of the reviews , I agree this revival is a disappointment . As a fan of Vanessa Williams , I think too it was a mistake for her to played the witch . I enjoy original Into the Woods cast better .
 I hate revivals , as a rule . Plain and simple . And this is one revival cast album that has done nothing to improve my attitude . I think it may have actually been the first actual revival cast album I ever heard , and first impressions are always everlasting.I think I 've said this in other reviews , but as is the case with most revival albums -LRB- Cabaret being a rare exception -RRB- , there just is n't any `` umph '' in the singing on this one . All of these actors seem to be using those digital enhancements as a musical crutch , and that pisses me off . It is n't meant to be that way.Let 's start with the Narrator/Mysterious Man , shall we ? John McMartin ! Now , I have extremely high standards for these characters , seeing as I myself will be playing them this summer . I 've seen pictures of him , and frankly I believe he has the right look for a Narrator , but not the voice for it . He sounds too ... how shall I put it ? He sounds too much like a loony tunes character when he talks . Or a muppet . Who comes to mind specifically ? Papa Smurf , maybe ? Tom Aldredge now , he was perfect . He had just the right pleasant old man timbre in his voice . Something like that of an A&E ; Biography Narrator , and he was able to vary it just enough when he played the Old Man , in order to keep the magic alive . I do n't know about this other guy 's portrayal as the Old Man , because I did n't actually SEE the revival performance , but I did listen to `` No More , '' and on that song he sounds exactly as he sounds as the Narrator . Not a good thing.Quick Note
 I have never understood the fascination so many have for this show , I 've seen it performed , watched the DVD , and have the C.D. I 've spent hours trying to figure out why someone would call this `` good musical theatre . '' I have seen more than 20 Broadway shows , own hundreds of musicals on CD and DVD.I have tried to really like this musical but , it 's over dramatized , stupid , and lacks EVERYTHING someone would want from a musical . The characters are slow , stupid , there are a few comic moments but not enough to make the story a thought provoking jounrey . I have n't found a song yet on this CD that I truly enjoy . `` No One Is Alone '' somehow manages to stand out but that 's the only song I would listen to more than once . All in all I 'd consider listening to a differant Sondheim classic for this is just simply not his best ...
 None of the principals hold a candle to the original . This CD is a testimony to the sad state of Broadway . In one word - if you want a recording of ITW , buy the original recording !
 I occasionally teach a high school class on Stephen Sondheim , and it begins with `` Into the Woods '' . I am a tremendous admirer of the piece and the original version in which the cast created such memorable , fresh , and remarkable performances that the revival had two options
 To say I was disappointed with this recording is an understatement . having just completed an amateur production of `` Into The Woods '' I was glad my cast did n't have the chance to over indulge in this recording.Quite frankly , there is little in this recording worth recommending above other recorded versions of the work.Why bother altering the music for a show which was orginally so funny and poignant ? And why make the Witch an Aretha Franklin wannabe ? And why is Jack 's Mother so bored ? All these questions keep floating around my head as I take it in.Doubtless many will disagree and say it is better than the original but , apart from a couple exceptions , it really is nothing more than a curiosity.I really , REALLY wanted to enjoy this recording but simply can not . Maybe I need to listen to it more or maybe I just object to the changes , but this not worthy of the name Sondheim.My advice to performers preparing this work is to use the Original or London casts and ignore this.I can only dread what they did to the script ...
 Until I got this CD home , I was unaware that this rewritten `` revival '' existed , and I do wish I had continued in that state of happy ignorance . If zombies on Valium had been engaged to perform , they could hardly have made the music more lifeless than this recording does.I understand wanting to interpret roles anew . But even new interpretations should be imbued with sparkle of some kind -LRB- unless , of course , one is doing the aforesaid Druggie Zombie version -RRB- . I bought this CD at a local store , and back it goes.If anyone wants to see a lovely version -- so much better than the `` 2002 Broadway Revival '' -- search Youtube for `` Into the Woods Cleveland HS '' . The high school students are wonderful . It 's a pity their performance is n't available here . I 'd buy it .
 I would have given this recording one star except for the fact that the album is presented beautifully by Nonesuch records . I luckily found this CD used and only had to pay a few bucks for it . I would have felt really cheated if I paid full price and got what I did . While the orchestrations are beautiful , and the additional song between Rapunzel and the Witch was nice to have , this revival was lackluster . It won a tony for best revival , but must have been due to some other factor than individual performances . My biggest bone to pick was Vanessa Williams as the Witch . She was boring and lacked the feeling and emotion that Bernadette Peters put into her performance . Granted it 's hard to fill those shoes , but she just was n't anywhere near capable of this role . She sang in tune , and she hardly missed a beat , but there was nothing there . The only role I really liked more than the original cast was Cinderella . She was amazing and earned her acclamations . Go buy the original cast recording , or if you 're looking for a good Sondheim revival , look into the 2006 London cast recording of Sunday in the Park with George .
 I loved the original 1987 version of `` Into the Woods , '' and thought the 2002 version would be just as good -LRB- especially after seeing it won a Tony Award for Best Revival -RRB- . I was greatly disappointed by it . The entire cast -LRB- excluding Laura Benanti and Kerry O'Malley -RRB- were , to put nicely , not wonderful . Many of the lines , that were funny or gave character , were left out or quickly ran over.I can see why the song `` Our Little World '' was left out of the original show . It added nothing to it , and unfortunately gave Vanessa Williams more lines to `` sing . '' Not to rag on Vanessa too much , but her voice and acting was not the quality needed for this role ... she 'd be better in something like Matron `` Mama '' Morton in the musical `` Chicago . `` I did n't like that they changed some of the words in a few of the songs . It seems like they babied the words and dumbed it down a bit.If you have seen or heard the original version , I would say do n't bother yourself with this one . If you have n't heard the original , you will probably enjoy this one .
 Stephen Sondheim is a genius of musical theatre that 's for certain . Into the woods is my all time favorite musical . I was really excited to hear they were going to do a revival of it with Vanessa Williams as the witch ? Sounds great right ? ... Not so much . Vanessa is n't as great as you hope , and for some reason Shephen thought it would be a good idea to write new parts for almost every song or throw in every he cut from the first time . TO be perfectly honest this is the worst of the three recordings . Get the Broadway or -LRB- my favorite -RRB- the London recording . Do not waste your money or time with this one
 To Whom it Does Concern , I will never understand the choices that were made for the revival of this show , one of the cleverest of scores in all of musical theatre.Lyrics that were just perfect are changed for no real reason . Characters are inserted into songs where they never had been before . Entirely new characters have been added . Some songs have been excised of entire verses . And are those new vocal arrangements I hear ?!? Was it just to be different ? To show that this musical need n't be staged as a carbon copy of the much beloved original Broadway production ? Mr. Sondheim , you 're doing this to a lot of your shows lately , even the outright masterpieces , and it 's a bit disconcerting.I 'm very much the type to applaud old pieces interpreted in new ways -LRB- for example , Merrily We Roll Along seems to get better with each revision -RRB- , but there needs to be a line somewhere . Had this version of this show been the one that premiered on Broadway in 1987 , the world would have promptly turned away disinterested and forgotten all about it.The cast is bland and unappealing . Vanessa Williams was a mistake . Did she even audition ? How could you be so unaware that she did n't have the chops to do her role ? You had to transpose most of her songs , for crying out loud , and even then , she 's singing down the octave and flat . And why does it sound like the Baker is pushing to lower his speaking voice ? Why does n't the Baker 's Wife have a funny bone ? Why is Jack 's Mother 's voice lower than Jack 's ? Where is the chemistry so necessary to bond this ensemble cast together?Why are all the tempos so exceptionally fast ? Why do some measures feel like they 're missing half of a beat ? Why are the endings all different ? Why does the cast recite their lyrics with all the emotional investment of recalling last week 's shopping list ? Why do the orchestrations -LRB- which were never especially thick to begin with -RRB- sound so incredibly sparse ? Why are the samples so incredibly obvious ? Why is the contrabass so overamplified?Moreover , why did you feel the need to re-record this score , considering the weaknesses of your cast and the revisions ? There are at least two better and more complete recordings of this material to be had out there in the marketplace . Was this recording , which sounds like something ABC might air as a movie of the week , necessary?Signed , Musical Lover
 `` Into The Woods '' is my ALL time favorite musical . I 've been in productions of it , I 've seen many productions of it , and I know all the music for it . And I have for many years . The revival cast is n't all the amazing ... in fact ... its pathetic compaired to the original broadway cast . Vanessa Williams is n't good . I 'm going to finally be someone to come out and say it . SHE 'S NOT THAT GOOD ! Is she a broadway singer ? Perhaps ... but not the witch in `` Into the woods '' broadway singer.The biggest problem with the cast ? No emotion . None.Laura Benanti is NOT a good Cinderella . Her voice is n't bad ... but its not a `` Cinderella Voice '' -LRB- granted Kim Crosby 's was n't a whole lot either but , its wonderful comparied to this . -RRB- And her British accent twang she adds to her songs is more than annoying and distracting as well.The narrator is HORRIBLE . Storytellers should n't be SCARY.The stepmother and her daughters are all perfectly fine . Better than those in the original cast.The Baker is wonderful , and the Baker 's wife is pretty good as well.Little red is n't impressive and Jack 's mother is DOWNRIGHT BAD . JUST BAD.Jack is cute ... no problems with his voice.There are a lot of little things that make this recording undesirable . And as MUCH as I want to love it ... I do n't .
 If you are interested in listening to Sondheim 's wonderful musical Into the Woods , DONT NOT BUY THIS CD . Bernadette Peters ia far more animated and charismatic as the witch -LRB- in the original broadway cast recording -RRB- with Vanessa Williams in the revival recording seriously lacking . Also , Jack 's mother has no rhythm , and the other parts are so far behind the spotless caliber of the original cast . This cd is a waste of your money . Invest in the original .
 `` Into The Woods '' is a nice show . Bernedette Peters is a much better performer and is a better Witch than Vanesssa Williams , but the supporting characters -LRB- Jack , Little Red , Wolf -RRB- are n't on the original CD . Jack is basically the same on both CDs . Little Red is less annoying in the revival -LRB- YESSS ! -RRB- and the Wolf is funnier in the revival.The worst performer is Jack 's mom . She sounds like Julie Andrews after her vocal tragedy . I think the orginal is funnier , has gusto and does justice to the role . The new mom is discracefull.I did n't care for the narator . I thought he sounded too soft and not old and baggy in `` No More . `` I did enjoy Laura Bennenti more than the orginal . But no one can be better than Joanna Gleason as the Baker 's Wife . She is the tops and the new one is n't . In all , buy the Original CD ! Not this CD !
 I bought this CD because I 'm a fan of Sondheim in general , and especially of Woods . However , after seeing the revival production twice , I knew this was going to be one step down from the original cast recording , but I had high hopes.Alas , even in the studio , this cast can not come near to competing with its successor . The only cast members who hold their own are Laura Benanti and Kerry O'Malley , and even then , it 's difficult sitting through the other performances . If you do n't know the show yet , by the Original Cast Recording ! The only thing you 'd get out of this one would be the few changes that have been made -- if you really want to hear those , make sure you get the other recording as well !
 The 2002 Revival of Into The Woods , pales in comparison to the original 1987 production . Vanessa Williams was not right for this role , and she lacked the emotion needed for the part of the witch . I kept waiting for Bernadette Peters ' wonderful voice to pop out of nowhere and stop Vanessa Williams from singing . I would advise you NOT to buy this CD .
 INTO THE WOODS is one of the finest ensemble musicals ever to grace the Broadway stage . The original production with Bernadette Peters and Joanna Gleason was marvelous , so I had high expectations for this revival recording.From the opening number -LRB- all 12 minutes of it -RRB- you feel as if you 're listening to a community theatre cast recording on a bad day . Leading me in that judgement is the `` performance '' of Marylouise Burke who plays Jack 's Mother . I will never understand that casting decision . She is lackluster in voice and spirit . Her vocals sound as if someone is holding a gun to her head and making her be on Broadway . It 's so sad.Vanessa Williams -LRB- the witch -RRB- has a beautiful voice ... why she chose never to use it is beyond me . Her PROLOGUE `` rap '' is slow and uninspired ... who would 've thought Bernadette Peters could out rap anyone . Vanessa has her moments but she is also disappointing.The rest of the cast just does n't stick out at all . Adam Wylie -LRB- Jack -RRB- is just boring , as is the Baker . Standouts are Kerry O'Malley -LRB- baker 's wife -RRB- however she definitly did not fill Joanne Gleason 's shoes ... and Molly Ephriam -LRB- Red Riding Hood -RRB- who basically just goes through the motions of the role however at least she 's doing SOMETHING.Two stars because it really is a good musical and I hate to give Sondeheim disrespect . But stick with the Original Broadway cast . Another star for adding in the song `` Our Little World '' , now let 's hear Bernadette sing it .
 Sondheim has written a few beautiful songs but most of it is just tuneless melodies that ar n't that good .
 A restricted , by-the-numbers archive that lacks urgency and passion . As a dyed-in-the-wool Sondheim fanatic , I hate to call it a yawn-fest , but there you go . This one makes you pine for the rough-edged London recording . Or even the over-produced original Broadway version.Sondheim 's new lyrics , while still clever in rhyme , jarr and seem to trip-up the performers . I can appreciate the thought process behind initiating the changes , but they contribute less than they eventually detract . And the `` Our Little World '' number , still too repetitive without being informative , now has an extended ending that makes the song just plain interminable.Stephen deRosa is a talented performer , but catch his work on William Finn 's `` Infinite Joy '' to glimpse the true range of his talents . Here , he comes across as working too hard and renders the Baker lifeless in the process.There are some decent voices . Some so-so . Some really bizarre ones.And then there is Vanessa Williams . What is she trying to do , channel Shirley Bassey ? Her vocal `` stylings '' most definitely do not belong to this character . To this show . To ANY Sondheim show . She 'd be more at home in ... uhmm , give me a moment , I 'm thinking ... uhmm ... Still , there is an undeniable power and relevance to a post-9 / 11 recording of `` No One is Alone , '' and despite a combination of voices that do n't really combine , it proved to be the one track that did n't make me want to reach for the remote and skip ahead . The new harmonies at the end are nice , and the whole effect gave me chills.If you 're a completionist , grab it for your collection ! All others
 To me , Into the Woods is one of the most inspirational thought provoking musicals ever written , and this recording does no justice to it . In fact , it belittles it . I agree with another reviewer when they said it seems like a bad community theatre production of this masterpiece . It seems like this production is more `` family-oriented '' . The show may be comprised of children 's fairytales , but it is in no way a `` family-oriented '' musical . It has very adult situations and complex concepts , as do other Stephen Sondheim musicals , that are notsuitabl for children . Making it more `` family-oriented '' makes the usually genuine characters overdone -LRB- i.e. Vanessa Williams ' interpretation of the Witch -RRB- and almost hokey , cheapening the overall message.I suggest buying the Original Cast recording from 1987 with Bernadette Peters and Joanna Gleason . Chip Zein may be disappointing , but you wo n't go wrong with that CD . And if you like that one , I recommend the Original Cast recordings of other amazing Stephen Sondheim shows such as Sweeney Todd
 Into the Woods is definitely one of my favorite musicals of all time . I first saw the OBC on video a very long time ago . Not only was the music outstanding , but it was hysterical and also heartbreaking ! Even though all the cast members should be considered equal in comedy and dramatic ... the witch is the best character in the show . It allows the most laugh out loud moments and also the most teary-eyed . Bernadette Peters in the original was perfect , nobody would ever be able to play the role like she did ever again.Now I do give Vanessa Williams credit for attempting to make the role her own , and I take into consideration that she wanted to be more serious ... I mean she has to do something different , because you had Bernadette create this role . So I decided to give it a chance . But sadly , it did n't even come close ! Not only were the acting skills not there but her songs were transposed ! I know many people transpose to make songs suitable for their voice , but my personal opinion is if you ca n't sing it , the song/role is n't the song/role for you . It 's kind of sad when having everyone around you singing in the written keys , and your the only one who ca n't . Maybe it 's a little harsh but looking at the script and lyrics , and even the story , it 's meant to be satire towards fairytales -LRB- in other words funny , then serious comes in the second act -RRB- . Also , Williams is n't the only mediocre performance . With the exception of Cinderella , every cast member made mediocre performances . But thank goodness I still have my original broadway cast , because it will still always be one of my favorite shows .
 Although I have sympathy for the loss of Mr. Levert , this cd did noting for me . Maybe I missed what all the hype was about .
 I tried to like this album , I really did . I loved everything else they put out and I was pumped when I heard they were coming out with this one , even bought it on pre-sale . Unfortunately , I was very disappointed once I had a chance to sit down and listen to the album all the way through . It sounds like End of Heartache , only remixed with a heavy dose of emo . Nothing new guitarwise , which might not have been so bad if Howard was n't crying like his girlfriend ran away with the milkman the whole album through . A lot more straight singing and a lot less screaming . There almost is n't any hardcore feeling to the album at all , especially lyric-wise . Now , do n't get me wrong , KsE has always had a positive bent on the lyrics , but they backed it up with an amazingly talented , AGRESSIVE and ORIGINALLY HARDCORE sound . They 've done that everytime so far but that sound is almost nonexistant on this album . Adam sounds like he 's just going through the motions -LRB- I know you 're producing now buddy , but this is your bread and butter . -RRB- and Howard sounds like he 's singing for the wrong genre -LRB- Who chopped off his balls ? -RRB- . The only reason I gave this 2 stars was because throughout the album , tucked away in the songs , are flashes of what made KsE so great to begin with . However , these bits and pieces of greatness do not make the album worth buying . There is n't even a This Fire Burns bonus track . I miss the days of Alive or Just Breathing . The next album had better blow my ears off to make up for this crap .
 Im sorry if this pisses off rabid KsE fans but these guys just lost it after they lost Jesse Leach . In many ways this sounds exactly the same as the previous disc . I think they reached a pinnacle with Alive or Just Breathing and have not surpassed it since . Although there are some hints of progression and maturity I must say overall the disc fails to hold my interest , probably because in spite of itself the `` metalcore '' scene finds itself oversaturated with bands that all sound the same . Ive seen some defenite and dramatic changes with certain bands as they released newer material , Dry Kill Logic and Chimaera immediately come to mind . But unfortunately , this one just doesnt do it for me . Dont get me wrong , it doesnt suck , but Ive been a metalhead now since the 80 's and its going to take a bit more than a few subtle time changes and some more mature chord progressions to impress me . Check out the new In Flames , The Haunted , Children of Bodom .
 How truly terrible is the state of modern popular music ? Such a sad state that country music might be the only place left , and mediocre is the highest level of flattery . What passes for rock , rock n ' roll , heavy metal is not , strictly speaking , music anymore . No wonder MTV does n't play music videos anymore . `` Desperate Times '' might be the only cut that can be called music on this CD . I happened upon this CD while visiting friends and listened to it because I had never heard of `` Killswitch Engage '' and the group 's name piqued my interest . Most of what passes now for `` popular '' music is n't either popular or by any stetch of the imagination , music . As Daylight Dies is a case in point . There is no stucture , no coherent lyrics , terrible mixing to the point that I was thinking the CD was damaged.This is truly awful , so I am wondering why I subjected myself to listening to it three times in as many days . I tried very hard to find something to like , something that could redem it just a little , but each listen made it worse , and I returned it to my friends asking them why they bought it - it was a gift - ahhh ! But they have the last laugh , they conned a producer and record company into thinking they had talent . At least they have n't tried out for American Idol , Simon would end up crying.Someone recently opined that there has not been any `` good '' music recorded since the early eighties , and recordings like this support that supposition . Music should have some sense of composition , express the musician 's creativity , and if at all possible say something new and interesting , or at least present it in an interesting way . On all counts Killswitch Engaged is an appropriate title , someone , please , hit the killswitch .
 This album is a huge letdown . Some people call this album maturation of the band . I call it appeasing to the mainstream and regressing musically . Long gone is the intensity of Alive or Just Breathing -LRB- which was actually a metal album -RRB- , which was only sporadically present on The End of Heartache . Even though the melody aspect of the band is beat to death on this album , some of it is n't half bad and that 's why I give the album two stars but it 's way too formulaic and repetitive and offers no variation . AOJB offered something different with every song and even with Jesse 's piercing vocals and the crunching riffs , the guys still knew when and how to incorporate melody which made that album special .
 I review this album with much trepidation . On one hand I am a human sponge of metal music , and will legitimately listen to anything and everything that falls under the broad label . In some cases the albums find me , because it would never occur to me to search out an album by a band such as this . Being a sucker for `` free stuff '' I borrowed this album from the library when I saw it on the CD rack . I have been surprised before -LRB- Most notably when I borrowed `` The Art of Balance '' and enjoyed it , a bit of a guilty pleasure if you will -RRB- Which is why I was willing to take a chance on it , after all it is only my time that it costs to listen to it . I 'm not sure how to put into words what makes this album so bad . I could start with the vocals , which tend to pathetically whine during the chorus and grate in your ear during the verse . I could talk about the cliche nature of every song , and how they feel like inferior ripped off version of long dead melodic metal bands from the past . We could share a laugh on behalf of the lyrics , choose a song , any will do . You see it 's really hard to give you one reason why this is one of the worst things I have heard in years , it 's just so terribly bad . Let me put it this way , this album makes Matt Heafy sound like a metal mastermind . If you find yourself scratching your head unaware that the last sentence was a joke , or you find yourself offended because you realize that it was , then you will probably enjoy this album .
 Well to start off , I first got into KsE when I saw them co-headline with In Flames back on their Touring for your Escape tour -LRB- so the End of Heartache had just been released -RRB- , and thought they were awesome live so I picked up their album and was disappointed from the beginning . Awesome riffs here and there but the lack of solos was beyond disappointing as were the singers vox.This album falls into a lot of the same pit falls the last one had , decent guitar work , decent screaming , energy abundant , but without solos I find this record to be a failure . Nothing new here , unless your a die hard fan then you have some new songs . But if you were n't a fan before , this wo n't change your mind nor should it . Should you need to give a KsE album a try , may I recommend `` Alive or Just Breathing '' over this . But ultimately , the - core fan that I am , go grab any Darkest Hour , Heaven Shall Burn , or Unearth record instead .
 Its been over a month and I still have not got my cd . where the hell is it . If you live overseas military do not order from this person
 Ever since the explosion of metalcore in 2003 , dozens upon dozens of bands have popped up in the scene attempting to recreate KSE 's masterful `` Alive or Just Breathing '' including KSE themselves .2004 's End of Heartache was listenable but obviously watered down for mainstream appeal , both lyrically and sonically . However , since that time , the tried and true KSE formula is now a tired and beaten to death sound . I can name close to a dozen bands that sound pretty much exactly like what is contained on this album , and even musically better in some cases.Diecast -LRB- almost exact carbon copy -RRB- , Still Remains , It Dies Today , All That Remains , Bullet For My Valentine , Hell Within , Caliban -LRB- Opposite From Within -RRB- , and on and on . With so many bands riding the same exact wave , you 'd think that KSE would add something new and progressive into the mix . Instead , they seem to be content with putting out another album that fits perfectly into the metalcore formula.At least bands like All That Remains add some death elements and blazing solo work , some semblance of change . KSE have now fallen behind those that have copied them in the first place , but of course their mainstream appeal and sales will continue to soar . I suppose all the Slipknot kids have already jumped onto the KSE boat . I now place them in the same radio-metal category as A7X and Atreyu . Terrible .
 I was looking forward to hearing this album but it sounds as if KSE has went emo on us . The excellent guitar is barely noticable , they went the Norma Jean route and chose disharmonic riffs instead of clear chords . The singing goes from the howling scream to an emo-ish clean singing . This album is terrible and I do not recommend it for REAL metal fans . This is an album clearly for fans of fake metal like Norma Jean and The Red Chord . This is not KSE . This is some band that used to be called KSE .
 I just saw them live because they were playing with dragonforce . The singer just walks around screaming , that is it . I can put on a better show than both of their guitarists combined . I left after four songs . They are just a bad metalcore band . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you want to listen to a real band buy Master of Puppets by Metallica -LRB- arguably the most significant thrash album ever -RRB- . Or Follow the Reaper by Children Of Bodom -LRB- the best REAL metal band to emerge in the 21 century . Period -RRB- . I wish there was a 0 star rating !!! They are just noise .
 I have been a fan of KsE ever since Adam D accosted me at a show at North Six in Williamsburg years back on the Soilwork tour . I thought they were a solidified fresh compliment to a new era of metal that was being spearheaded by Shadows Fall . These guys were a little more hardcore , but that was okay , because it worked well . When I heard that Jesse left and Howard came in , I was excited because though I though Blood Has Been Shed kinda sucked , one thing my friends and I agreed upon was that their frontman -LRB- Howard -RRB- was awesome ! Out came The End of Heartache , and while I found it more melodic and accessible -LRB- yes a little emo-y -RRB- , it was very natural and captured you in a lot of the songs . Not Alive or Just Breathing , but still a damn good album.Now As Daylight Dies comes to store shelves and all I can do is shake my head . There seems to be two , maybe three repetitive formulas throughout the whole album . Almost every chorus is in 3/4 time and sung the same way . The riffs are generally uninspiring and unoriginal . Generally the formula is `` Wait , lets sound like Unearth ... quickly , now lets sound like Hawthorne Heights ! '' There are a few good riffs in there , but almost every song meanders into something uninteresting and recycled . If you heard My Curse and For You , then you pretty much have heard most of the album.This kills me to review it like this , especially since I can not get enough of their classic DVD , and since I will be backstage when they come around my way . My suggestion is that if you are looking to hear some good metal for a band thats progressing , check out Sacrament by Lamb of God .
 As Daylight Dies , or Killswitch Engage vol 4 as I like to call it , is everything you 'd expect it to be , which is why it 's so disappointing.The KsE secret formula :1 -RRB- Pounding Guitar/Bass work2 -RRB- Angry growling3 -RRB- One anthemic , big voiced chorus4 -RRB- Alternating scream/sing patters in the third verseKsE are one of the most capable metal bands around , but this never ending rehash of formula and material is getting old . I knew what this record was going to sound like , minute for minute , before I even bought it.Change is the only constant , unless you 're killswitch engage , and that is why I ca n't recommend As Daylight Dies .
 With all the big name artists dropping albums lately , it 's easy to look past certain albums by certain artists that are n't really in the `` mainstream '' of things . Slum Village realized this and collaborated with a man who seems to be on everything right now , Kayne West . With their first single `` Selfish '' , they seem to have found the perfect formula for success . I swear I can sing the hook of that song for hours . Now hearing their first single I expected to be treated to some of the same ... however , I came to like only a few other songs . If you have a Cd Burner and a good downloading program , just get the selfish song and save your money .
 Slum Village always has a track or two that I can get with & then I 'm stuck with so-so to forgetable cuts there after.this Album has good Production but the writing ai n't happening & that is my biggest knock here . `` Selfish '' is one of those Cuts when they drop a Greatest Hits set that I will Rock this time of the year for it 's laid back feel & vibe.much like with `` Tainted '' . `` The Hours '' is a cool rack.but to me they have a singles Act written all over them & nothing wrong with that at all .
 On two occasions I sent for this CD from Amazon and got something other than expected . Oddly , the factory has used the wrong recording for this disc . What you will get is some type of blues compilation CD with people like BB King , Ike & Tina Turner and Leadbelly on it . This is not a recording of John Lee Hooker . Amazon should withdraw this from the market immediately !
 I received this today . The jewel case and CD were labeled correctly . However , when I played the CD it was `` Super Blues All Time Classic Blues Hits - Volume 1 . '' Use caution when buying this CD because there is a chance you might get the defective product too .
 I bought this expecting something somewhat musical . There is no music here . Random noise , yes .
 there is nothing much to say
 I just learned of this album and zipped over to Amazon to buy it . I saw that I would be paying $ 9.50 for four songs . I do n't care if two songs are over ten minutes long this is utterly ridiculous . Sale lost , I do n't want this product * that * much .
 This CD is n't quite as bad as most you find with re-recorded hits . Even some 10 to 15 years after he was at his most popular Tommy still had a good enough voice to do a reasonable job of re-recording his big hits . But for those music fans amongst you who are after the original hits do n't go for this one .
 The music on this CD is wonderful and these musicians are in incredibly fine form . Unfortunately , the equalization on the recording is so distorted that it is painful to listen to this CD . For overall audio quality -- listenability -- this is probably the worst CD I have ever purchased -LRB- of hundreds -RRB- from Amazon.com and it is a bad joke that it cost the import price of $ 28 . Sad . This could have been an incredibly enjoyable CD if the mis-equalized bass did not make your sinuses hurt .
 What happened ? Do n't tell me this is group is another one-disc-wonder !! This is sparse and sonic but that 's about it . I did n't see anything special in it . Perhaps the others here are hearing something I am not ? How bland ! What a let-down from Music Has the Right to Children !
 Like most others who bought this EP , I purchased it with high expectations . ` Music Deserves the Right to Children ' is viewed in some circles as one of the ` best ' discs of the last decade
 I tried it again . Being on a big Boards kick lately , I tossed this disappointing single on for another spin . Let down . Repeat . Another listen . More repeats ... Decision
 this is a funny sounding thing , with all the noisy crackling and unquantized parts . probably it 'll remind you of , say , flying lotus , or any of the new breed of laptopper ... hehe ... , ... laptoppers , can I trade mark this ?
 The reviewer above who gave this album three stars is more detailed and knowledgeable than I , but I definitely agree with his assessment as opposed to the more glowing five-star reviews . It is clear that in 1962 , Sonny Rollins , like John Coltrane , felt pressure from those creative artists who had found their way to free jazz - artists like Albert Ayler , Ornette Coleman and Cecil Taylor . This was Rollin 's attempt . But the playing is awkward and listless . Sonny Rollins is one of the most powerful and commanding voices in jazz , but here he sounds uncertain and tentative . Contrast this to his amazing Village Vanguard sessions from five years earlier or with later performances where he really found his voice . It 's telling that Don Cherry solos badly on this album . Cherry was the ultimate free jazz sideman , contributing during this period to groundbreaking work from Albert Ayler and Ornette Coleman . Here is sounds uninspired and lost.This album is a curiosity but certainly not vintage Rollins . Whereas the Village Vanguard sessions never grow old , this album quickly wears out its welcome . -LRB- The guy who said that if Rollins had continued in this direction , he might have eclipsed John Coltrane is smoking something . Coltrane was not the earliest breakthrough artist in free jazz , but his contributions are profound , almost sacred . Rollins is one of the greatest jazz voices , but was never comfortable with free jazz . There 's no shame in that . We are blessed by his talent as well . -RRB-
 there is nothing much to say
 I just learned of this album and zipped over to Amazon to buy it . I saw that I would be paying $ 9.50 for four songs . I do n't care if two songs are over ten minutes long this is utterly ridiculous . Sale lost , I do n't want this product * that * much .
 Looking for D.J. MOE LOVE to give you that old ULTRAMAGNETIC feeling , guess again . Now , writing this review again -LRB- somehow got erased -RRB- . D.J. MOE LOVE does n't get help from KOOL KEITH,CED-GEE and never again T.R. LOVE . He goes with outsiders , probably from his Brooklyn Fort Greene Projects neighborhood.Released on KUTMASTA KURT 's Threshold Recordings , this EP is not bad , production wise . All songs are clean -LRB- to be gangsta -RRB- but the good thing is D.J. MOE LOVE has instrumentals for 4 out of 5 songs here . So if you ai n't down with the gangsta , the music and production works well . `` More Of The Raw '' and `` Talk Of The Town '' are great selections . All the instrumental tracks make this worth listening to -LRB- for a while -RRB- .
 I dug out this CD last night to give it a listen ... and after three songs , I regretted the effort . Sadly , the liner notes -LRB- being 25 years old -RRB- are almost destroyed and thus I will soon purchase a new copy ... only to keep my collection intact.This album -LRB- not unlike STYX ' album Kilroy Was Here or JOURNEYS ' Raised On Radio -RRB- is the sound of a band breaking apart and soon to break up.All three of the noted albums had some good songs , but that is the best that could be said for either and all.The bands all sold out for pop radio hits and the drug addled lack of creativity that resulted from the drives for hit songs.Gone from these albums are the testimonial heartbreaks , anger , wrecklessness and wildness and other emotional conflicts that helped speak to fans of their own struggles of living . These albums no longer evoked passion nor did they help to salve wounds as previous albums had done . Worse , even when efforts were made to write a song of real anxiety , anger and agapic love the sounds presented are sterile , unimaginative and downright silly . Lost are the truly mind-blowing guitar solos , the pounding drums and the swirling , mysterious keyboards that drove all of those great songs from before.Each time I drag out this old CD , I am compelled to check the credits to see if Alan Gratzer and Gary Richrath had anything to do with the production of the music . Alan 's drums mostly sound as fake as a drum machine and lacks almost any artistry in what little fills exist . Gary 's lead guitar work is mostly short pieces , and -LRB- with one exception -RRB- lacking in any genuine drive or imagination . In short , the result could sound just as much like something from THE POLICE , THOMPSON TWINS or even late 1980 's CHICAGO . STYX ' KILROY WAS HERE sounds better than this album -LRB- and that is truly an insult . -RRB- In hindsight , one has to wonder if the drugs and alcohol actually fueled some of these bands true artistry ... as if the psychadelics and mood alterations actually opened up their creative minds toward greater brilliance . Certainly , as attested by everything that REO SPEEDWAGON and JOURNEY have produced since , the argument could be made that sobriety and sanity killed whatever genuine intellect that these once mighty bands possessed . Never again would a song as amazing as RIDING THE STORM OUT or WHEELS ARE TURNIN ' -LRB- nor even WISH YOU WERE HERE -RRB- emanate from a studio recording from this band.Instead we are bombarded with the pounding synth drums of THAT AI N'T LOVE -LRB- the best song on the album -RRB- that possesses very uninspired rhythm guitar work and a quite lackluster lead guitar fill . Worse still , the sappy and droll IN MY DREAMS with its almost REO SPEEDWAGON alter ego synthesizer dominated music . -LRB- I shudder just thinking about it . -RRB- What a shame it is to hear a band breaking apart.What a shame it is to listen to a band lose its mojo ... its artistry.What a shame it is ... LIFE AS WE KNOW IT .
 What happened ? Do n't tell me this is group is another one-disc-wonder !! This is sparse and sonic but that 's about it . I did n't see anything special in it . Perhaps the others here are hearing something I am not ? How bland ! What a let-down from Music Has the Right to Children !
 Like most others who bought this EP , I purchased it with high expectations . ` Music Deserves the Right to Children ' is viewed in some circles as one of the ` best ' discs of the last decade
 I tried it again . Being on a big Boards kick lately , I tossed this disappointing single on for another spin . Let down . Repeat . Another listen . More repeats ... Decision
 Are you cool with putting on a CD and listening to only 1 or 3 songs ? If not , pass on Montreux Festival and go buy one of the many excellent CD 's that are available by Albert King , Little Milton & Chico Hamilton!The 3 Albert tracks here are outstanding - Albert in all his funky , string-bending , stage-bantering glory . But if you 're buying it for the Albert tunes , you 're only getting about 17 minutes of music.Little Milton is a blues stud in his own right , but not when you ca n't hear his guitar . What you can hear on this disc is him screaming to the sound guys `` gim me some mike ! '' Unfortunately , he never gets it . The drums , bass , horns , and vocals are there , but that does n't cut it . Little Milton without the guitar work is Little Milton you can do without ! If you 're interested , I recommend the albums Little Milton Sings Big Blues -LRB- ' 66 -RRB- or Grits Ai n't Groceries -LRB- ' 69 -RRB- . Chico Hamilton is an extremely talented jazz drummer and was influential on pyschedelic rockers such as Carlos Santana . Some of his music was on the bluesy side of what label-slingers call `` soul jazz '' and could work alongside some of Albert 's stuff . In View is a good 12-minute jam of mostly drums , saxophone , and bass , but it is n't really bluesy and makes me wonder why it was chosen for inclusion on this album.If you 're already into these guys , stay away from this one . If you 're not , I highly recommend all 3 of them as musicians , but go with a different album .
 First off I would like to say I have been a huge Blink fan for years . This album has a couple stand out tracks , such as `` It 's Hurts '' '' The Adventure '' , and `` Good Day '' , despite it 's bad lyrics . However , for the most part , the songs are melodically devoid . It 's almost as if Tom decided to pay more attention to all the crazy sounds he could get on this album rather then actually worrying about the songs structures themselves.You can put all the crazy synth effects you want in a song , but if the core of the song stripped down is bad , then it 's a bad song . Hardly a song on here has any interesting hooks , or envokes any emotion . They are all just very mediocre.It amazes me that people can say this is better then Blink , because it does n't even come close . Two heads are better then one , and the Mark and Tom songwriting team is n't going to be beat by Tom alone .
 And I mean that seriously . Really ? Really , this CD merits that many stars ? Can we honestly say that ? I do n't think so , and I 'll attempt to explain why , at best , I would n't give this record more than a two star rating.First off , the basics for those who do n't know . Anybody older than about 15 probably remembers Blink-182 , but if you do n't , they were a fairly popular band in the mid-90s and early turn of the century . They were pretty good at being adolescent , juvenile , and writing good pop rock songs . Well , after a while , those folks got into a bit of a tiff and broke up and their lead singer - one Tom DeLonge - decided to form the band Angels and Airwaves with some of his other famous music friends . That 's the best I can summarize how we got here , because what this is is so decidedly un-Blink-182 that I ca n't begin to express what happened between then and now . If you want to characterize the sound on this album , it 's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of U2 , or perhaps morose R.E.M. , but what it most definitely is n't is any variety or form of popular rock music.That 's important , because its the first thing I hold against the record . We Do n't Need to Whisper appears to be an outright repudiation of everything Tom DeLonge did with Blink-182 . While I can understand that -LRB- I mean , come on - would you really want to be forever known as the lead purveyor of crude adolescent music for the rest of your life ? -RRB- , I think what Tom fails to understand is that finding a new path does not necessarily involve completely discarding the past . This record is worse than bad - it is fundamentally boring , and it is pretentious in doing so.In an oft-quoted interview , Tom DeLonge outlined the precise circumstances in which he wanted a listener to experience this record . Something about a dimly lit room , headphones , and , one can assume , any amount of hallucinatory drugs , because that 's the only way I can imagine this music ever being interesting enough to hold my attention in a room devoid of all other sensory inputs for the duration of the record . The guitar is subdued . The percussion is subdued . The tempos are subdued . The vocals are given a sort of nasal , echoing effect that serves - you guessed it - to subdue them . All things considered , the entire record feels like it 's been heavily sedated in preparation for some variety of serious surgery - hopefully to remove Mr. DeLonge 's ridiculously over-large ego.It would appear in the aftermath of Blink-182 that Mark Hoppus and Tom DeLonge really needed each other , each for different reasons . Mark 's new outfit -LRB- +44 -RRB- suffers from not being interesting in any way while Tom 's sad effort here is afflicted with the kind of artistic over-involvement normally reserved for beatnik poetry . What Angels and Airwaves needed more than anything during the production of the record is for some enterprising young man to walk up to the band members , strike them with some variety of fish , and indicate to them that this is supposed to be a POP ROCK RECORD.If this is your cup of tea , I guess you might be able to enjoy it . U2 has never been my favorite band , and this music certainly tries as hard as it can to emulate them . If you 're looking for a rock record , however , what you 'll get is a droning , monotonous , quiet , reserved , ultimately subdued , downright pompous `` artistic '' adventure , likely as not to leave you disappointed through and through . As much as I would like to support all of these artists -LRB- seriously - why is Atom Willard even here , when there 's very little of note for him to do ? -RRB- , I can not under any circumstances recommend this album to anybody . If you 're a Blink-182 fan , you 're likely to be disappointed . If you 're looking for a good rock record , it 's not to be found here . If you 're looking for neU2 - well , I guess there 's an outside chance that that customer might be satisfied , but that 's a pretty narrow demographic . Let 's just hope that I-Empire is better than what we 've got here .
 God this album is progressive . Some of the songs go over 5 minutes long and I love it . It 's not crappy like Opeth or Dream Theater but it 's awesome . Man what beautiful guitars . I 'm an experienced guitarist who still ca n't play this stuff quickly . Forget Opeth or Dream Theater , Angels and Airwaves rules!That was more sarcasm . Angels and Airwaves try to be progressive but fail misreably and ca n't compete with Opeth or Dream Theater .
 Musically , I thought these guys were pretty good ... and then someone started to sing , straight in the trash . Unoriginal voice = not interested , NEXT !
 A&A ; sucks,Blink-182 sucks , For real music , listen to the almighty ... DREAM THEATER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Here it is , the great AVA album that Tom DeLonge has been building up as some of the best music to come out in over 20 years . I assure you this is false information.What i hear in this album is the failed Box Car Racer , minus its garage sound charm . Tom has made no efforts to change anything about the face of music , but instead has written 10 lengthy and repetetive standard emo anthems . And they arent even catchy at that.I think the problem with the fact that this album is getting so many positive reviews is that people WANT to think that Tom was right . People desperatly want to believe that they are listening to deep , insightfull , new music . But i assure you , none of this is new , none of this is deep . This is a major dissapointment.Tom DeLonge said that Angels and Airwaves is going to change the face of modern rock and roll ... finally i understand the title of Mark Hoppus ' newest projects first release ... no it is n't .
 In the wake of Blink 182 's demise , Tom DeLonge had to find some way , in an oversaturated modern market full of Simple Plans and Sugarcults , to continue with a career built on writing songs ostensibly about being in junior high , while showing `` growth '' at the same time.Now , as we all know , the easiest way to grow is to listen to the radio for inspiration , which is what Tom did . And the idea for a sound loosely based on U2 playing a show after repeatedly crashing into a wall was born . Sure , it sounds like a great plan on paper -- who does n't want to see Bono get bricked in the face ? -- but Angels & Airwaves just does n't deliver.It 's hard to say exactly why -- maybe the production is too clean , maybe DeLonge 's nasal yelp-singing just does n't smack of eminence or maturity -- but if there 's one word to describe Angels & Airwaves , it 's `` dorky . '' Laden with wannabe-Bjork strings plus tinker toy drums intros and fleshed out by happy-clappy delayed guitar , the songs on `` We Do n't Need to Whisper '' try to be full of pomp and circumstance in the most made-for-MTV melodramatic ways possible . The timeless , world weary musings we 've come to expect from the likes of DeLonge -LRB- `` Your best friend is not your girlfriend '' -RRB- are thankfully present to really take us off the deep end . How many times have we heard a ducky `` eeee '' vowel blast out of his nose like so much snot on teary lines like `` I 'm here and I 'm with you / / I 'm here to , I feel you '' ? Puppy love is a battlefield.As the entire record is one syrupy `` moderate rock '' morass , it 's impossible to name any standout tracks . Anything more or less than a medium tempo apparently just does n't sound as ominous , commanding or mature to DeLonge and his new bandmates , and with lyrics that either mean absolutely nothing or exactly the same sappy thing to everyone , it 's difficult to find anything compelling about Angels & Airwaves to enjoy outside of the cover art . There 's no surprises here . On the other hand , they have an undeniably happy and carefree sound not unlike Blink 182 , so longtime fans will probably enjoy it for the most part , but many , many people misled by the doubletalk and marketing hot air for `` We Do n't Have To Whisper '' are going to be understandably miffed . Bands sound better jumping off new plateaus than advertising them .
 well , lets see . It seems they lured us in with The Adventure promising a more advanced `` Boxcar '' . They came close with maybe 3 songs . The rest ? It turned out to be one of those CDs you chuck out the window . bumber .
 This is just way too contrived and glossed over for me . The minute you start saying the name of your band in the song -LRB- more than one time none the less -RRB- it can never be a good thing . Almost every song sounds like the one before it . I am guessing the band thinks they made an album that sounds much different than anything else ... not so much . What they did was make an album that does nothing groundbreaking or exciting . I expected much more from guys like this . I would not recommend buying this CD and I wish I could return it .
 How do you know that former blink-182 leader Tom DeLonge intends for his post-blink project Angels and Airwaves to be taken seriously ? Because throughout their debut album , We Do n't Need to Whisper , he relies on sounds and textures borrowed from 1988 , the era when college rock was filled with atmospheric sonics and earnest politics . Specifically , he layers delayed guitars ripped from U2 over soundscapes equally inspired by the Cure , New Order , Peter Gabriel , and The Unforgettable Fire , all in an attempt to fashion a modern-day protest record . Lord knows it 's an admirable break from his juvenile past , but good intentions do n't necessarily make for good music , as We Do n't Need to Whisper makes abundantly clear . DeLonge 's main problem is that by relying on '80s college rock as his template , he 's fallen into a lot of traps that have made albums of that era sound hopelessly dated
 Evolution is one of the main things that keep an artist fresh and interesting . the Beatles , Bob Mould , Sonic Youth , R.E.M. , and all of the best bands understand that , and have created amazing music from it . But , when evolution if forced because the artist feels the need to prove himself rather than because it 's a natural progression , things get messy.An example of the latter is Tom Delonge 's new band , Angels and Airwaves . Now granted , Tom has shown to be fairly good at writing catchy pop songs . But , with AVA , he wanted to prove himself as a legitimate musician rather than just a guy that can write catchy songs.Unfortunatly for Tom , it comes off incredibly forced . None of the songs really go anywhere , despite all of them building up to a climax that does n't happen . The music on most of the tracks try to create a lush soundscape through use of heavy studio production that makes things sound a little too produced , which in turn makes thing sound very flat and uninteresting.Lyrically , the album fails aswell as Tom 's attempt to be profound and deep come of laughable . I mean literally , some of these songs made me laugh when I first heard them . Take this gem from `` Good Day '' : I think I like today.I think it 's good.It 's something I can put my head around.With the execution of the line , you can tell that he thinks he 's being deep when really he 's just sounding like an idiot . Sorry to be so harsh , but it 's true.Overall , you can tell he 's trying , but it just sounds forced .
 First off , I laugh at how the members of Blink-182 are trying to lengthen their popularity . It 's over guys face it , you ran out of material.I DO like Blink-182 but I will not allow myself to like the terrible medicore music that they will continue to pop out . Let 's face it , I 'm sure you thought their last CD was very mainstream & mostly vomit-inducing . I ca n't listen to a cd where all the songs have the same 3 notes in it . It 's like hearing `` Ba-Ba-Black Sheep '' for an hour straight ... This CD is a terrible disc for Blink fans and for any music fan period . Bands need to know when to quit because this cd is so similiar you 'll wan na kill youself . Emo-horrific . And that was only after I listened to 3 songs completely through . The intros for every song are too long and boring . While every song carries the same monotone sound ... God ... Do n't waste your ears
 This album is almost as bad as Courtney Love 's America 's Sweetheart . All of the songs sound the exact same , they sample the beats of The Adventure . They even have the same lyrical structure and tune as The Adventure . I consider myself an old school Blink182 fan , Box Car Racer fan , and even more a fan of The Distillers . I anxiously awaited this release from one of 90s punk 's guitar greats , and was greatly dissappointed . I am not trying to get a refund on this cd . So far no such luck .
 Tom is a friggen jerk - why waste your time listening to someone who does not care about making music - at least thats why Tom broke blink up - this album feels just as tired as he was of blink .
 The only reason why this album gets two stars is because I can tell Tom tried to make a good album . I can tell Tom tried his best . But being a hardcore blink fan I am appalled by the album 's sound message and overall appeal . People say it sounds like U2 . This album sounds nothing like U2 . U2 is a great original band . Angels Airwaves is a great definition of a horrible Emo band It sounds like some Emo album with Tom singing it.I know how Tom 's sings , and you can just tell Tom is trying way to much . The overall Vocals is so EMO there is no other word to describe his vocals but Emo . He never was a good singer but his voice was unique and cool punk pop sounding . But know he just has totally changed his vocals and sounds like a stupid emo kid who sits at home crying and writing stupid songs about how this world is . Emo sucks especially the vocals and Tom sadly contributes to my opinion on emo vocals . Now when i think of the horrible music known as Emo music , i think of Tom Delounge and his stupid emo band Angels and airwaves . Rock is and always will be guitar driven . And well this is n't guitar driven at all . Its more synth driven . Which I absolutely loath !!! I hate synths it is n't what rock is supposed to be driven by !!! Tom 's favorite thing to do on a guitar -LRB- he 's been doing it since Buddha/Cheshire Cat -RRB- is octaves.Octaves are basically a Power cord but muting the middle string . Whenever i hear a guitar part it is always a stupid octave . There is nothing wrong with octave use but when you do o0ctaves all the time it proves you absolutely have no talent whatsoever . There are more Octaves than the traditional power cord . This gives the false image that tom is n't good at guitar . That is false . He is pretty good just listen to old blink albums with songs like M+M 's Wasting time , My Pet Sally , to even newer songs like stay together for the kids . It takes technique to pull cool sounding riffs like that , and that just is totally absent from this record . The band can be defined as this
 Last year , around the time U2 was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , I began to wonder why , after twenty-five years of being one of , if not the best band in the world , the band had n't spawned a new generation of U2-wannabes . Even newer , and lesser bands such as Green Day and Nirvana have inspired many of the bands of today , but there still are not any new U2 's with only Snow Patrol comes to mind . Well there is now a band , that comes from a surprising source , openly hoping to be the next U2 and that would be former Blink182 guitarist , Tom Delonge 's new band Angels and Airwaves.Yes , a member of a band best known for being naked in their videos and sodomy jokes in their songs has grown up and there is not a one fart joke on the group 's debut , We Do n't Need to Whisper . Instead the album focuses on the seriousness of relationship something Blink182 had already been moving towards on later albums . But the songs here do lack the faith overtones that seem to soak into a lot of the U2 catalogue.So if there is a comparison to U2 , it would be sonically where Angels and Airwaves builds a wall of sound opposed to heavily relying on the drummer as Blink182 did . The opener , Valkyrie Missile builds up to a crescendo and takes it 's time tapering off at the end much like Where the Streets Have no Name . Well so does The Adventure which highlights the problem with the album , diversity . Most of the songs blend into each other , not noticing where one ends and the next one begins even with spacing in-between and the songs themselves , all of which clock in at over four minutes seem to drag on . Also the choruses of It Hurts and Distraction get old real quick.It 's a novel idea trying to copy the style of the best band of my generation , but at the end of the day , it still sounds like the dude from Blink182 . And the rest of the band , made up of Dave Kennedy of Delonge 's other side project Box Car Racer , Ryan Sinn , formally of the Distillers , and Atom Willard , who has drummed for Rocket from the Crypt and the Offspring , just are not close to the musicianship of The Edge , Adam and Larry , nor have the history the close friends had even before starting U2 with Bono . But at least Angels and Airwaves have n't run naked through a video yet or uttered a fart joke .
 is not how the beats sound . every track has a new and refreshing beat to it , nice twists , makes for a great sound ! however , when Tom starts to sing each song , it all starts sounding exactly the same . it 's like a whole album of one song . it was very hard for me to distinguish one song from another cause of Tom 's voice . they needed someone else to come in at some point . it 's nothing like Blink 182 or +44 and I give them props for trying something new . after a few listens u can sorta tell the difference but it does n't make them good tracks . I like 4 of the 10 songs now which is why it gets 2 starts ! however , I do n't think this is worth your money . +44 has a much better sound and the songs are more catchy and you can immediately tell the difference between one song and another ! so I would advise you to get their album over Angels & Airwaves . though I still do admire Tom 's efforts , it just does n't work .
 So Tom Delonge starts listening to real music like Pink Floyd and all of the sudden he thinks he is a musical genius ? I like how he has bragged about this CD so much he has dug himself into a hole , with peoples expectations so high they are more than likely to be let down . I do n't really even call myself a Blink 182 fan but after I read an interview in Kerrang with him saying he was gon na change world or whatever really pissed me off . And yes , I HAVE heard the CD . Just because you put a bunch of bloops and crap does n't disguise what the song really is , a simple pop punk song . There are plenty of bands out there that put Angels and Airwaves to shame . Angels and Airwaves stepped into a genre of music that is too big for them . Also I hope some of you saw their Seventh Avenue drop because -LRB- and this was confirmed by the band themselves -RRB- the vocals were dubbed over cause Tom sounded horrible . I also saw them on Letterman and I actually felt sorry for them , their first TV appearance and they blew it .
 I heard `` The Adventure '' and really liked it . I ca n't really say the same for the rest of the CD . A lot of people seem to love it and that 's great ; I 'm just not one of those people . In my opinion , the songs all sound the same , and with the exception of `` The Adventure '' just are n't very good . It sounds like some kind of futuristic , progressive sounding experiment in music and I think it would have been better if it was just more rock . However , I would have settled for it just being more ... good .
 This album never really goes anywhere . Most of the songs never reach a peak . There really arent any choruses that hit you . However , Tom really did try and it shows.The good
 I 'm trying to be reasonable about this album . Perhaps my opinion is influenced by the fact that I only had like 4 hours of sleep and I 'm quite groggy ... The thing is , I did n't buy thisexpecting another Blink album . I heard `` The Adventure '' single and liked it so I expected alot of keyboards and stuff . Well there are plenty of `` keyboards '' but these songs are n't too catchy and this cd is kind of depressing . I really think he tried to hard to capture an `` epic '' mood . Alot of the songs sound the same , but then again , alot of Blink songs sound the same . I dunno . I wo n't say it sucks , but it 's definitely lacking ... I 'm a huge fan of Blink -LRB- moreso the earlier stuff -RRB- so I wo n't give up on them . Perhaps this was just a shaky start ...
 Tom done lost his mind . After nearly destroying Blink182 , he went on to form this band , determined to change the world somehow . The only thing he changed was his hair and his outfits . This is overproduced , euro-pop , U2-wannabe music with very little substance . Tom without Mark is half of a whole . I used to think he was a darn good musician , but after listening to this , I began to wonder
 If you want to revisit junior high school -LRB- or are still there -RRB- , when you might have fantasized about making the best rock album `` everrrrr , '' you may understand Tom DeLonge 's publicized motivation for recording this thoroughly derivative , dull , and extraordinarily forgettable album . This is an album only the most die-hard DeLonge fans can love . On my decimal scale , this album receives 1.8 stars out of 5 . DeLonge is formerly the frontman for pop-punk outfit Blink-182 . In his new effort with pet project Angels & Airwaves , DeLonge has apparently turned his back on the subversive and fun elements of rock -- sometimes pleasantly indulged by his old band -- in order to make a more `` mature '' album that unabashedly vamps the vibe so thoroughly beaten to death by slightly better composers and songwriters in U2 , Coldplay , and countless other tiresome imitators of the axis of BonEdge.Not that there 's necessarily anything wrong with that , if you 've got the chops and originality to do it with verve and originality . Angels & Airwaves clearly has n't in this album . There are two tracks that should have made the cut , barely , to be passably on a release with the pretensions that DeLonge broadcast before its release -LRB- `` The Adventure , '' and `` Valkyrie Missile '' -RRB- . The other tracks come across as a handful of bare-bones and mind-numbing bedroom guitarist ideas monotonously repeated and replicated for what seems like a `` textural '' fetish.This unfortunate monomania is doubtless to pay tribute to The Edge , the musical godfather of overly-processed `` texture '' - driven guitar rock . But whether you believe that The Edge is an overrated guitar tosser or a brilliant pioneer of the digital delay , there is little doubt that even The Edge does n't rely on mindless repetition to the same extent that DeLonge has on this release.Perhaps the best evidence of the sonic drudgery imposed on the listener is a song whose own title serves as its own excellent warning label -LRB- `` It Hurts '' -RRB- . Palm-muting can only take you so far , and this is only one song among at least 6 or 7 on this album where it frankly does n't take you anywhere.It boggles me that DeLonge supposedly used such great musical instruments and equipment to record this drivel because it supposedly was used to accomplish something that it utterly fails to do
 ... I really do . He has the right to expand his musical horizons . While this cd is certainly listenable and OK for what it is -LRB- poppy-prog -RRB- , it 's just not my thing . The theme of the cd is quite optimistic but I find it strangely `` cold '' . But hey , you might love it .
 All the selections sound the same . After listening to the first 3 I was bored to tears . I wished I had just purchased one selection for my MP3 instead of this whole CD .
 This elaborate , expensive , boxed set which claims to be the Complete Stax/Volt `` Soul '' Singles has no B-sides . Yes , the tracks that are included are amazing , but as we all know , 45 RPM singles have TWO sides , so how can this set claim to be COMPLETE without BOTH sides ? Idiots.I 'm amazed that nobody has mentioned this previously in the reviews.Also , only records considered `` soul '' are represented , so the label 's foray into gospel , rock , comedy & jazz are excluded.Compared to the impressive Complete Motown Singles Series , this set is an expensive letdown and wasted opportunity .
 I was very excited about receiving this CD , given the reviews I read . Sadly enough , I was very dissappointed . What I experienced in listening to `` Evening Thunder '' and `` Spring Showers '' was very different from what I expected . I expected to hear soft rain and intermixed with intermittent rolls of thunder . I heard one roll of thunder the first minute , and what may have been the sound of rain . I had to strain to listen to analyze the audio output . Within one minute , the accompanying music over powered any other sound I was suppose to hear . I had to strain to listen to analyze what I was hearing . It was like trying to hear an answer from someone you are calling to in a house with music on , and you are not quite sure if what you hear is water running in the shower . At first the music was soothing-with its absence of beat and flowing cresendos and fadings of different instruments ; but then , it too , became repetitive and predictable-like a loop recording of music . After 20 consecutive minutes of this , I gave up . The same happened during `` Spring Showers . '' A strain to try to hear the rain and the birds . It seemed like the nature effects were making a very weak effort of accompanying the music . Given the other reviews , am I missing something ?
 All the CDs I have purchased that are supposed to be rain forest or showers relaxation recordings have bad bad terrible New Age instrumentals.Any recommendations , please ?
 I bought this expecting something somewhat musical . There is no music here . Random noise , yes .
 Upon first hearing this in college , I 'm not sure if I was more shocked or saddened . Sonny had come out of his self-imposed hiatus , trying to work out an answer to the challenge represented by Coltrane and `` Giant Steps , '' and rather than surrender an inch of the field to Hawk 's harmonic genius , he decided to become field general , playing the game on his own terms -- leaning more to the experimental harmelodics of Ornette than the comprehensive harmonies of Hawk or the complex ones of Trane.The favorable ratings the album appears to garner , even after all these years , recently led me to return to it -- for the last time . I 'm afraid that upon hearing this at an impressionable young age , I began to think that either all of the jazz history texts were totally wrong in their high praise of Coleman Hawkins and his ability to play in any style or context or that Hawkins was washed up at the time of this recording . It was n't until 40 years later that the damage gradually came undone , largely as a result of listening to albums like `` Night Hawk '' -LRB- Hawk and Jaws in an utterly complementary tenor match -RRB- ; `` The Hawk Relaxes '' -LRB- with rhythm section , a Van Gelder recording -RRB- ; `` The Big Challenge '' -LRB- 3 pairs of dueling horns on the Jazzland label -RRB- ; several Riverside albums on which he 's featured with Max and Abbey ; `` Duke Ellington Meets Coleman Hawkins '' -LRB- on Impulse , more essential that the Ellington-Coltrane meeting -RRB- ; and above all `` The High and Mighty Hawk '' -LRB- a British recording with Hank Jones and Ray Brown , as close to perfection as it gets -RRB- . Whether this mismatch was Sonny 's doing or some clever producer 's at RCA Victor , it does both great saxophonists an injustice , at least to these ears . And all the more so given the personnel . We know that Sonny could have played more `` inside '' on this `` friendly '' occasion , recalling the Rollins of `` Saxophone Colossus , '' `` Sonny Rollins Vol . 1 , '' `` Newk 's Time '' -LRB- an overlooked gem -RRB- , `` Way Out West , '' and `` The Bridge '' -- not for the sake of cloning each other 's personal style but to ensure a result that would , at the very least , represent a common ground , a similar genre , a comparable idiom . Moreover , he had the personnel who could quickly adapt . -LRB- I recall , later in the '60s , catching Roy McCurdy , who is still extremely fit , able and active on the West Coast , staying right in the pocket for Cannonball , Nat , and Zawinul in Milwaukee , digging the kind of deep groove that Hawk simply thrived on . -RRB- And to think that I once thought the three recordings of Miles with Sonny Stitt from 1960 -LRB- concerts in Paris and Stockholm -RRB- represented a totally misguided , extremely unfortunate match-up ! -LRB- Miles later even said as much . -RRB- Compared to `` Sonny Meets Hawk '' the pairing of Miles and Stitt sounds like Guy Lombardo -LRB- again , just a comparison -- not necessarily a judgment . Louis was a big fan of Guy , just as I am of Louis -RRB- . -LRB- Qualifier
 I got this CD from one of my teachers , and I really expected something great . I mean , sonny rollins with colemann hawkins . how could that be bad?well first of all , i do n't know what was up with sonny 's tone . It sounds like his tone today , which is terrible . And what is up with all the trilling . In a lot of the songs i heard all this trilling coming from Sonny and Hawk , and it sounds rediculous.This album overall is just terrible . If you wont to see what happens when to REAL giants of jazz play together , check out all the recordings with Stitt and Jug .
 Dillinger four are a great band and like it says on another review are great live but i only like the first track on this -LRB- cant be helped -RRB- sorry guys ...
 This album by LIT is far from awesome . I find myself bored by about the fifth song . I however would n't discourage buying the album . It really depends on your taste in music . I love rock , but this one failed to hit me .
 For a band who once proclaimed to be their own worst enemy , Lit has certainly managed to make the most of their shortcomings . While not as original as their earlier efforts , this California based foursome have managed to add to the wealth of Pop-Punk material coming out of the left coast , and this effort should keep these guys around for a little bit longer . As with the band 's previous material , most of the songs are three-and-a-half minute long laments about how screwed-up the band 's members are , as the first single , `` Looks Like They Were Right '' offers up the lyric , `` Turns out , I 'm exactly how your friends thought I would turn out . Just another burnout '' . But while the lyrics tend to be on the self-depreciation side , the riffs that are put forth in the majority of the songs are downright awesome . Combining the attitude of punk with the aggressiveness of metal , most of the melodies are fraught with a powerful combination of guitar , bass , and drums . If there is one drawback to the album , it 's a song like `` Times Like This '' , which is straight out of the Nickelback/Creed/Default catalog of crappy songwriting . It 's for this reason that the album is n't as good as it could be . The last thing the music industry needs is another sound-alike band . And a cover of the Cure 's `` Pictures Of You '' is an unnecessary addition to the disc . When the band concentrates on the formula that provides their best tunes , such as the awesome `` Forever Begins Right Now '' , which incorporates a ' 60 's type of drum beat to it , the band is full of potential and fun . Other songs that work well are , `` Moonshine '' , `` Alright '' , and `` All Or Nothing '' . But others , such as `` Hard To Find '' , are full of vomit-inducing sappiness . Guys , stick to what it is you do best ; crunching music and loser lyrics . Leave the commercialism to other bands , or you 'll find yourself being left behind by the music buying public . And when you do what you do best , the music world is a better place .
 Are you cool with putting on a CD and listening to only 1 or 3 songs ? If not , pass on Montreux Festival and go buy one of the many excellent CD 's that are available by Albert King , Little Milton & Chico Hamilton!The 3 Albert tracks here are outstanding - Albert in all his funky , string-bending , stage-bantering glory . But if you 're buying it for the Albert tunes , you 're only getting about 17 minutes of music.Little Milton is a blues stud in his own right , but not when you ca n't hear his guitar . What you can hear on this disc is him screaming to the sound guys `` gim me some mike ! '' Unfortunately , he never gets it . The drums , bass , horns , and vocals are there , but that does n't cut it . Little Milton without the guitar work is Little Milton you can do without ! If you 're interested , I recommend the albums Little Milton Sings Big Blues -LRB- ' 66 -RRB- or Grits Ai n't Groceries -LRB- ' 69 -RRB- . Chico Hamilton is an extremely talented jazz drummer and was influential on pyschedelic rockers such as Carlos Santana . Some of his music was on the bluesy side of what label-slingers call `` soul jazz '' and could work alongside some of Albert 's stuff . In View is a good 12-minute jam of mostly drums , saxophone , and bass , but it is n't really bluesy and makes me wonder why it was chosen for inclusion on this album.If you 're already into these guys , stay away from this one . If you 're not , I highly recommend all 3 of them as musicians , but go with a different album .
 just thought people should know that the songs on this cd are N O T sung by the original artists . they 're performed by the `` l.a. voices '' . they sound a lot like the originals , but are definitely not the same thing .
 I was completely disapointed with this idem and think you should recatagorize it to mild new age . the item is now in some dump in phoenix as the music was terriblyunsophisticated . i am sorry , but it is just not anything near what it is advertising . hearing some women faking an orgasm is like listening to a dog bark quite a bother . the other tracks were like fill in 's from the 80s .
 This is a really odd CD . The first two tracks are excessively short -LRB- just a few minutes each -RRB- , and then the third runs for nearly 45 minutes . Unfortunately , the first is the best , with classic frog-pond noises . The trickling water in the second track feels intrusive , and the frog noises on the third track are really odd . If the CD had n't been labeled , I 'd have been hard pressed to tell if they were frogs , or birds , or insects . It 's not an unpleasant noise , really , but it 's not quite what I was looking for in frog atmospherics .
 The sound quality is fine -LRB- that 's why I gave it two stars instead of one -RRB- , but it is soooo monotonous . Except for a few minutes of a very loud frog , it is the same thing over and over and over and over and over . I was expecting various types of frog and water sounds . I will never listen to it again . It is beyond me how anyone actually enjoyed this , but I bought it based on other reviews , so someone did . Do not buy it if you are wanting any variety on frog sounds .
 Saunders-Garcia combo does n't work . Bass work , I 'm guessin ' by Phil Lesh , is the highlight .
 The bird songs are acceptable however the CD is only a little more that half full ! This is not like the birds are demanding excessive amounts of bird seed in payment . I can do much better by simply hanging a microphone in the woods , recording in the morning and editing slightly . How is that so difficult .
 Given the reviews on this , I am apparently alone in my dislike of this CD . I just received it today , and `` tried '' to listen to it , however found myself needing to shut it off about half way through due to one repetitive annoying bird that chirped the same chirp like a broken record.That being said , I own 2 other CDs by this company -LRB- Thunderstorm and Ocean Waves -RRB- and they are Excellent . It was because I loved Thunderstorm so much that I ordered Ocean Waves and Morning Songbirds!I still say this company makes great nature sound CDs , but I 'm going to send this one back . As Simon would say ... `` SORRY ! `` Kathleen M. Diehl , author of The Collective AwakeningThe Collective Awakening
 This elaborate , expensive , boxed set which claims to be the Complete Stax/Volt `` Soul '' Singles has no B-sides . Yes , the tracks that are included are amazing , but as we all know , 45 RPM singles have TWO sides , so how can this set claim to be COMPLETE without BOTH sides ? Idiots.I 'm amazed that nobody has mentioned this previously in the reviews.Also , only records considered `` soul '' are represented , so the label 's foray into gospel , rock , comedy & jazz are excluded.Compared to the impressive Complete Motown Singles Series , this set is an expensive letdown and wasted opportunity .
 Track 1 is the full length 5 minute and thirty second album version -- with all the explicit words censored out . Track 2 , the ' 12 '' version ' -LRB- ??? -RRB- , runs just over 4 minutes , and is an edit of the album version , but retains the explicit lyrics . It 's not remixed or anything . Just an edit of the album version . SO , to get the FULL LENGTH , UNCENSORED 5 and a half minute version , you have to get the album . This single offers nothing .
 I agree with the liner notes that natural sound , free from the ubiquitous noise of the combustion engine , is rare & getting rarer . However , the music both distracted me from the relaxing sound of the waves and the music also bored me . The principle of composing music to complement Nature seems sound , & I 'm sure the musician did his best , but it did n't work for me .
 As a classically trained musician , I found this `` music '' more annoying than relaxing . But , I think that it might work alright for other people . It was an experiment , and I found that Baroque and Classical instrumental music works better for me .
 This CD does n't cost much , but it 's not particularly good either . The audio is indistinct and not as soothing as expected .
 my children hated it . they asked to please turn off the scarey music . I did n't think it was that great at all
 This is anything but soothing . The tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky Carmel coastline that I was hoping for . I did buy the twofer and got the Ocean Surf CD by Dan Gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . I was able to fall asleep ... which was my goal . Now if I could only return Ocean Waves .
 This CD sounds quite bad IMO . Very unrealistic - and closer to synthesized sound than the real thing . If this was recorded on real beaches , the recording engineer messed up badly . Having said that , I guess its fine a -LRB- distant -RRB- background sound , but if you really want the relaxation benefits , spring for something better .
 I was hoping this would be a realistic , relaxing cd but it certainly fell short of that expectation ! To me the sounds appear to have been recorded in a studio rather than at a beach . For this reason , I had a difficult time listening to it all the way through and I would rate this cd at less than one star .
 Well , I bought this one because there 's one song from the `` Story of a Young Heart '' LP , which has still never been released on CD , and that song is Never Again -LRB- The Dancer -RRB- . All other songs have shown up on various Flock of Seagulls collections . This is the track listing :1 . I Ran2 . Space Age Love Song3 . Telecommunication4 . You Can Run5 . What Am I Supposed to Do6 . The Traveller7 . Never Again8 . Electrics9 . Over my Head10 . The EndIf they 'd just release that final album on CD , we would n't need all these stray hits collections floating around ...
 Maybe is not your fault of this lacking of knowlledge ... but I dont hear La Sonora Matancera in this Audio CD playing at all!You can hear some of the famous singers like Celia Cruz , Bobby Capo , Nelson Pinedo , Bienvenido Granda , Carlos Argentino and others singing BUT they are NOT being backed up by the SONORA MATANCERA.The Orquestras who are playing here are La Sonora Santanera -LRB- Mexican one ! -RRB- and maybe the cuban one La Orquesta Aragon -LRB- who have 3-4 violin players -RRB- . This is because the singing artists left Cuba before the Revolution in the 50 's and recorded the same HITS they had with the SONORA MATANCERA with other big Orquestras in Mexico and New York , USA.So , the tittle 100 % Cuban is not that accurate either ... and worst of all and it is a shame for the Music Industry , is that they are MISSUSING -LRB- and it 's AGAINST THE LAW ! -RRB- the name of the Sonora Matancera and making money through it!So people BE AWARE !!!!
 It 's not hard to remember the Marilyn Manson of nearly a decade ago , before all the talkshow spots and MTV specials and Hollywood photo shoots , despite the fact that the once promising band 's cultural impact evaporated almost as abruptly as it 's founder 's integrity . `` Portrait of an American Family '' and , to a greater extent , `` Antichrist Superstar '' , transcended their lack of musical complexity with total euphoric catharsis . The music was weird and fun and brutal and the lyrics were a more seething example of opposition to the anti-intellectualism and hypocrisy of Christianity than had been seen in pop music up until then . Bands like Nine Inch Nails and The Cure had toyed with blasphemy , but none had made it a central priority until Marilyn Manson came along . The fundamentalist Christian Right squirmed at the irreverance -LRB- every bit of which it deserved , and then some -RRB- and the bizzare shock antics , and everything was right with the world.Long story short , Manson -LRB- aka Brian Warner -RRB- abandoned any shred of artistic vision he had originally boasted after the violent pseudo-goth backlask against the experimental gem `` Mechanical Animals '' and descended into cautious repetition and dull self-parody . There 's not much left of the phenomenon worth noting , other than the fact it was an incredibly quick death for such an initially controversial artist , as can be seen in the last two albums -LRB- one of which , `` Golden Age of Grotesque '' , is among the most watered-down , unoffensive rock albums of it 's respective year -RRB- and the recent re-release ... er , cover , of Personal Jesus . If you 're going to buy this album , buy it to see what a dramatic decline in artistic quality a leadsinger 's obsession with buying nice things for Betty Page look-a-likes can promote . Better suggestion - wait for NIN 's `` With Teeth '' for a competant display of the raw , uncompromising musicality Manson 's best efforts were designed to imitate .
 This CD is a total waste of time and money . All the cd is made out of is noise . Marilyn Manson sucks . And that 's all I 've got to say .
 This guy is such a fake it 's not even funny . Almost everything he 's done was done before by Alice Cooper . Changing your first name to that of a girl 's ? Very original ... idiot . Makeup ? Coop 's got that covered . Shock-rock and theatrics in live shows ? Oh please . That was done while this guy was a baby.The only thing `` original '' about this guy is his hatred for , well , just about everything . Rips up the Bible on stage ? That 's just desperate . Yelling that he hates God ? This guy 's retarded.His music also sucks . With Alice Cooper , you have good songs to back up the stage theatrics . This guy seems to be making money off of shocking idiot teenagers who think what he 's doing is new , revolutionary , and cool . His music is horrible.How can anyone even take him seriously ? He 's a JOKE !!! He should be paying royalties to Alice Cooper for every CD his clueless fans buy .
 How can you make a best of album full of 80 's cover songs . . Nothing orginal about this ... Its all been done before . .
 IF YOU `` LOVE MARIYLN MANSON '' - THEN CHECK OUT THESE GROUP 'S AND SINGERS : -LSB- VANILLA ICE -RSB- - -LSB- M.C.HAMMER -RSB- - -LSB- JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE -RSB- - -LSB- WILL SMITH -RSB- - -LSB- BRITNEY SPEARS -RSB- - -LSB- PINK -RSB- - -LSB- BACKSTREET BOYS -RSB- - -LSB- N`SYNC -RSB- - -LSB- MANDY MOORE -RSB- - -LSB- JESSICA SIMPSON -RSB- - -LSB- 98 DEGRESS -RSB- -LSB- BECAUSE -LCB- MARILYN MANSON -RCB- IS A `` JOKE '' AND A `` FAKE '' LIKE EVERYONE ELSE I MENTIONED -RSB- ! I ALWAYS SAY TO PEOPLE IF YOU WERE TO LOOK AT MARILYN MANSON ` SHOUSE IN BEVERLY HILLS & AND HIS 100,000 CAR 'S . YOU WOULD THEN KNOW IS A `` RICH CLOWN '' TRYING TO `` FOOL PEOPLE '' HE IS A ONE OF A KIND HARD-CORE SINGER ! -LSB- MONEY WILL CHANGE PEOPLE NO MATTER WHO YOU ARE -RSB- ! -LRB- NEW YORK , NEW YORK -RRB-
 His music is garbage , his image fake , and was voted `` least likly to have a greatest hits '' . I would rather listen to an eternity of `` nails on a chalk board '' I hate this man !
 What is the point of this album ? Most Manson fans have all the songs on here anyways -LRB- not that all the songs on this album are ` the best ' -RRB- and there is no incentive for a collector to get this album either , unless you get the DVD edition , but if you 've got `` God Is In The TV '' then its back to square one . * rolls eyes * Mansons on the money loop big time this time , and he 's bloody greedy . The album art and concepts around the package are exactly the same as all the other releases . `` Personal Jesus '' is an absolute insult to the Depeche Mode , just the fact that Manson and this compilation relies so heavily on covers questions his so-called ` originality ' and artistry . The entire persona surrounding `` Tainted Love '' irritates the giblets outta me ! The whole ` look at me , im so goth , ur so not , im so different from you , im so kewl you are not ' is not what you expect from an artist who is almost 40 years old ! I think that most Manson fans have outgrown him , how tragic and people that listens to this seriously need a loud wake-up call . On the plus side im glad `` Tourniquet '' was n't overlooked . Spare your slave dollars and invest in a copy of Mechanical Animals if you must have -LRB- the `` real best '' of -RRB- Manson . -LRB- Just a final note
 I never got the product mailed to me . I made the order over a month ago along with another product . I have n't received either one .
 This CD makes a better coaster . All it has are : the worst songs on Holywoodsome songs from Grotesque -LRB- which are all bad -RRB- two of the few bad songs off of Antichrist Superstar -LRB- Tourniquet 's good , though -RRB- It 's only worth buying for Long Hard Road Out of Hell and Tainted Love . Not necessarily because they 're good , but because I ca n't find them anywhere else.Manson has n't made a good heavy song since Portrait of an American Family . Lest We Forget does n't have Dogma , Misery Machine , it does n't even have Cake And Sodomy . At least it has Get Your Gunn and Lunchbox , which are okay.In summary
 How many more people are going to release their greatest hits . Last year we saw nirvana , Guns n Roses , korn , Britney Spears , no doubt and now finally Marilyn Manson . Normally a greatest hits album inspires 2 types of feelings
 Ive always felt that albums all need to be listened to as a whole work , as opposed to taking it song by song . Each song is crafted for the demands of the album . That 's why a greatest hits album seems like a poor way to get to know these songs . In a way it also proves that im right . These songs , however good they are on the corrosponding albums are not as exciting on there own . No denying that there good , but they feel incomplte . This CD will give you a false representation of the band , and it 's not even worth buying it for the accompanying DVD , since most ofthe videoes can be found onf the GOD IS IN THE TV video . In short , dont waste your time with this if you 've got a choice /
 I love MM . He was great in the early 90s . But now he is n't even trying to hide what it 's all about
 First of all , this disc is just the record label trying to squeeze some more money out of this tired old act . Manson was already showing their age on `` Holywood '' , with low-quality songs like the `` Fight Song '' and `` Love Song '' . This CD is worthless , because Manson forgot how to write heavy songs after Smells Like Children . The only songs worth listening to after SLC were quiet songs like `` Man That You Fear '' . If you want to listen to good , HEAVY Manson , pick up Portrait of an American Family , his first and best CD , by far . This collection only has two songs on from PoaF
 Whats the point of this satanist actor?His musics pretty good and he 's quite a thoughtful and knowledgable man , not my cup of tea , but talk about a nice big blop of muddy cake.It all sounds the same after a while . `` Personal Jesus '' is dreadful , and all that gore and shock horror rock carry on , he was relevant at a time with `` antichrist superstar '' but now its just more of the same carry on .
 What can i say ? The song selection is worthless and YOU WILL FIND THE SAME SONGS ON THE DVD AND ON THE CD . No , please No . Manson had a wonderful opportunity to offer a BROAD scope of his art and he lost it . About the selection
 If he was at all smart , he 'd be giving trent a call back
 Manson has to be one of the least talented music people around . At his BEST , he puts over grade `` C '' music . He is also annoying with his whole stage theatricality . He defends what he does with the old `` freedom of speech '' cop-out . If he really wants to prove he is about free expression and hates religion , let 's see him mock Islam on stage the way that he does Christianity . The reaction that he gets may make him think twice about the ends he goes to in order to be shocking .
 This CD pulls together all the reasons why shock rockers like Manson are nothing but sell out poseurs . His image overshadows the music and his image is a manufactured rip off of TRUE artists like Alice Cooper and David Bowie . Only dumb teens mad at mommie and daddy for taking their xbox away could relate to this mish - mash of `` Satanic '' posing and posturing.No reason to go over the songs since everyone has probably heard them already and either loves them or hates them . I hated this crap . Give me Cooper , Bowie , or The Vampire Lucan Wolf anyday .
 OK , maybe I 'm dating myself , but c'mon , this guy is sad and pathetic , where is the singing , the talent , the artistry . He seems to cater to pretty much every depressed suicidal teenager everyehwere . This is pathetic , all this dark creepy imagery , didnt Alice Cooper do this years ago , and eve he beat that horse to death . Really kids , piercing you butt holes , and painting you nails black is not a sign of being cool , or individuality , all this dark imagery is really annoying . I wish this guy would just dissapear .
 really do n't get this type of music . This little albino goth is just screaming into a microphone . His music videos are just distirbing . I really dont like this.REAL rock music is seventies rock . Led Zeppelin , Pink Floyd , Hendrix all saw the true meaning to music . And Plus they all knew how to use thier instruments . I KNOW that all you gothic manson lovers are reading and thinking you want to kill me . Well I dont care . I do n't see how you like this . And I garuntee you it will be dead soon , and you will wonder why you even liked -LRB- ... -RRB- . Peace and Love Goths .
 Gillespie 's effort to approach more commercial area should be avoided by his fans.If you 're into fusion I guess you might like this CD ...
 This music is great big band jazz , an all-star band with a great roster of ' 50 's West Coast jazz monster musicians . But the sound of the product I bought -LRB- Amazon -RRB- was terrible . It has all the earmarks of a counterfeit copy of the original , sloppily reproduced . I note that it has been pulled from Amazon by the manufacturer ... good riddance . In the meantime I fear that the market may be flooded with this product . Now I 'm afraid to order another . So be warned . Something rotten got hold of Shorty 's record and you may buy a poor repro of the original .
 To say this was a dissapointment is an understatement . By track three i wondering if this was the same Edwin McCain that had made the masterful ` misguided roses ' because this is so BLAND ! it really was a struggle to listen to the whole thing and keeo my eyes opened-radio friendly is n't the word ! I guess some of the signs were showing in the tinsel and tap shoes dvd with the ultra slushy ` could n't love you more ' and ` shooting stars ' what do you get as a bonus track a version of ` maggie may ' so close to the original as not to make a difference ! The whole point of a cover is to do your own interpetation not a note for note re-run ! So what has happened in the past years to make someone as talented as McCain heap this non-entity on his fans ? Well giving Pete Riley a stab at songwriting both on his own and with McCain shows a possible drying up of ideas , because Riley 's songs would n't be out of place on a latter day Fleetwood Mac album - they are that uninspired and there is hardly any barintone sax which always added to the songs and do i hear the dreaded drum machine in the mix ? Come on Edwin a couple of half way decent songs on your new album is pushing the mark a bit . I for one will view the next album with a great deal of aprehension !
 My husband and I love Messenger , so much so it 's on our iPod . After reading many favorable reviews for Scream & Wisper on Amazon , we happily purchased the CD , thinking it would be simular to Messenger . It 's not . Scream & Wisper is mostly loud pounding music . After hearing it one time , we were so disappointed we tossed it .
 Edwin is one of my favorite artists . I got a pre release version of the CD and put it right in my car player . It was OK and that is not good enough from Edwin . The more I listened the more I thought `` he 's going to lose his record deal after these last 3 bad outings '' . Then I found out he lost his deal before this recording . Songs all sound the same -- writing is very uneven . Messanger is an awesome CD - his high point but they have back slid ever since.Edwin , I love your earliest 3 CDs man , but you are losing me . Far From Over had some decent material , Austin did n't have much and this is mediocre - which is a word I never thought I would use when talking about Edwin .
 This is one of the WORST CD 's I have ever heard . My roommate brought it home yesterday and played it and I wanted to throw the CD player out the window . It 's cheezy and lame , like something worse then Clay Aiken . My roommate likes Dave Matthews , Sister Hazel , Counting Crows , John Mayer and so do I , and someone told her she would like Edwin MCain but she thinks he stinks and so do I and now she wants to bring this CD back -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I listened to this to help me with sleeping a solid eight hours but to me the rain on this CD sounds like static . So it did n't really help me to get 8 hours of sleep - I figure I get 6 hours of sleep sometimes 5 - the healthy amount of sleep a person should have is 8 hours . So in 10 years I 've lost 1 year of sleep & with my life the way it is I should be trying to sleep through as much of it as possible -LRB- Ha ! -RRB- .
 I like rain and thunder sounds . However , I would like to ask
 This cd is terrible . It is basically an entire cd of nothing but rain . There are a couple of thunderclaps here and then , but % 99 of the cd is just rain .
 This is not about thunderstorms , it is a study about bird calls , and I ca n't return it .
 This CD is n't bad , just not of thunderstorms . It is a cd of rainshowers with some thunder . The constant rain sounds more like static , like when your cable goes out . I was disappointed .
 I have this cd and another -LRB- forgot the name -RRB- . Wo n't buy another . Thunder is too loud to sleep by , and when you turn down the volume , the rain sounds are so low you ca n't hear them .
 I thought this would be a thunderstorm recording with a lot of rain and waves etc. but it has all these crickets chirping and its annoying , I do n't want to listen to bugs . Besides for that it gets really loud and then soft , I bought it to go to sleep by , no way . Some people would like this recording because it really sounds like nature but its too much `` nature '' for me .
 If you 're expecting the sound of a thunderstorm , forget it . What you get with this cd is the sound of constant static and intermittent thunder . The thunder is pretty good , and at the very beginning and end you get some assorted bird noises . But the rain ? What a mess ! Static , nothing but static , and it does n't even vary to try and pretend it 's rain -- frankly , if I 'd wanted static I could tune my radio to it for free . Skip this one .
 Not enough thunder . The long periods of rain sounded like static . Dissappointing .
 AARRG says it all ------ it might be fine if you were a 1st grader or lacking any knowledge of the subject
 -- I have written a review on this twice and for some reason Amazon.com has chosen not to publish my review.This recording is meant to be a meditation tape and not music or entertainment . Therefore , audio quality is essential to effectiveness of the product.Stacy Dean sounds as if she is very dehydrated and the thick mucous in her mouth makes clicking noises as she speaks . This is highly distracting in a MEDITATION recording.I do not recommend that anyone purchases this . Note that audio sampling is not available for this . The most probable reason that you are not given the opportunity to listen before purchasing is that the quality is extremely poor for meditation.I would give it zero stars if possible .
 If you want to experience the pop and crackle of old vinyl , this is the rocording for you . This is clearly a poor job of analog to digital transfer . The music content is not too good either .
 I see Alberich is alive and well , you know evil , the transgressive or `` Other '' it is required for Wagner 's dramturgy at least in the Ring is propelled forward by this as his other operas only different characters as Klingsor , or Amfortas . Of course we all know Wagner was an Anti-Semite , and certainly those in his audiences in his time , the time of Karl Marx knew Alberich was the representation of the Jew , the merchant as his -LSB- ... -RCB- son Hagen , who carried -LRB- well he tried -RRB- this treachery , deceit , hypocrisy and theif well into the future . I 've come to beleive that a centrist reading of Wagner 's Ring was that Alberich was simply `` capitalist man '' , more advanced than European aristocracy , hence -LRB- in Wagner 's naive view more progressive -RRB- those with power to transform the world , as Faust , armed with the primordial powers of the earth , -LRB- very Romantic -RRB- and they have , the early Robber Barons as Rockefellers , Morgans , Carnegies today Murdocks , Berlusconis , Trumps , whomever.The Curse lives within the new Disney Hall that `` tsunami '' that has hit Downtown Los Angeles , seen powerfully as the brass chords Wagner 's and Rouse 's music.music like the smokestakes at the Krupp Worlks reach higher in the sky and as the Disney agenda itself to scour thrioughout the globe , to promuligate the Disney ideology to rob the richness of what was culture , now truncated , leveled to the least common denominator culture , virtualized , digitalized or we still call it culture , or simply `` That 's Entertainment '' , have a good time , Baghdad is under control now.Rouse has been a composer always interested in the power of his music , like Hitchcock , he is only interested in the shock response it gets , like a a composer with an odometer . He does n't want you to forget it , or him , as his early Symphonies , they go for the gut , the juggler , seldom the mind as Hagen , it is music in search of subjects , listeners , well really not because you do not listen to Rouse 's music , it has no timbral interest nor sophistication nor formal structural interest , like Wagner as Adorno said it is music about itself first , one-dimensional , dependant on the program , the CURSE to sustain it , for it is nothing else , refers to nothing else , and is fodder grist for the mill of todays ' concert scene . It is music to be loved , and you may become obsessed with it , as young composers are obsessed today with either popular culture of being loved or both . Even the refined percussive artistry of Evelyn Glennie really can not save this monolith for the Cash Box , something Alberich would have loved , although Alberich gave up love to have power , he renounced his lechery in the opening scenes in Das Rheingold , the opening of the RING no fornications with the Rhine Maidens . There is a fornication that occurs here however in this Concerto if you watch closly and carefully , a Violin Concerto masquerading as music , when it is really something else , like a prostitutes embrace is it real ? , or simply Cash-Bound for purposes of exchange only ? . I suspect music today as this piece attests is also for its exchange value , as Alberich would have preferred , So Mr. Rouse you are a genius afterall , you admirably follow the orthodoxy of this narrative .
 NO cool hawaiin language -LRB- no lyrics at all -RRB- , every track is same , too much ocean background -LRB- used on every track I think ? -RRB-
 The music is beautiful , but I was really surprised with the poorness of presentation . The CD jewel case was badly damaged . The cover fell off as soon as I removed the plastic wrap , and the bottom corner of the case was completely missing . It 's all an enigma -- the shrink wrap was intact and there were no small pieces of plastic anywhere . Perhaps this was a returned CD?But back to the music - it is relaxing . There are only a few songs on the CD , which explains the low price .
 Pass on this compilation of popular Hawaiian music.The orchestration of every track is exactly the same
 La Ross ' `` Eaten Alive '' is her most unappealing of RCA albums . It has been said that in wake of the the Brothers Gibb/Ross collaboration members of the Bee Gees spoke unkindly of Ross ' work habits indicating to the press that she was ill-prepared throughout the studio process - they went on record 10 years after the album came out stating that Ross was not the most professional implying that she did not recognize the value of learning her lyrics well enough ahead of time . She was indicted by the Brothers Gibb for `` reading '' and `` reciting '' her lyrics while singing which must have been her device to help her remember her lines at the last minute during the final recording process . Ostensibly , this must have resulted in a fragemented process of stops and starts for Ross and a frustrating endeavor for the Bee Gees.Not that all this should be blamed on Ross
 I have owned this album for about 6 years and I know it pretty well . I recently purchased the 2007 version and have to say that even though it sounds very clean -LRB- no tape his -RRB- it seems they have also smoothed over the feel of the music . I do n't mind that the song versions are slightly different . I prefer the 2000 version . It feels more alive even though it has less detail .
 I 'm a Doors fan , but this really really sucks . It 's the Doors at their worst , not best . Most of the songs are the kind you have to `` sit through . '' Good listening music is absent on this album . `` L.A. Woman '' is a great song and it is a shame it has to be included with a bunch of pure filler . `` Texas Radio and the Big Beat '' and `` The Changling '' are on this waste of plastic . It 's very boring , it has none of the energy the Doors have become known for . This album is only there for Doors fans who must have everything . For a good album , though , I suggest `` The Doors . '' It 's chock full of good songs like `` Light My Fire '' `` The End '' and `` Take it as it Comes '' , with absolutely no filler like `` Hyacinth House . '' -LRB- I realize it 's a good song , but only on the Box Set . The flowery music just ruins it . -RRB-
 This album is so bad , it 's almost worth owning . Track after plodding track astonishes . When I listen to this album , I feel intensely sorry for the other members of The Doors . An obviously inebriated Jimbo sounds like he could n't decide whether to throw up or to go to sleep , so instead he went to the studio and cut some tracks . His vocals are shockingly shot and painfully off-key . He actually SOUNDS fat ! Seriously ... check it out ! To make matters worse , at least half of the tunes sound like Morrison made up the abysmal lyrics as he went along . There are a couple tunes where apparently the other Doors managed to get their fearless leader semi-sobered up or at least convinced him to come up with some still-lame lyrics in advance -LRB- Riders on the Storm being the best of these -RRB- , but they are the exception . Mostly the tunes are lazy , generic blues variations that a below-average bar band would be ashamed to call their own . And Morrison turns in the least convincing `` blues '' vocals this side of Eric Clapton 's From The Cradle -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- ! This is bad , bad stuff . That said , it 's pretty damn funny if you have a perverse enough sense of humor , and it 's a great party album if your friends have a similar sense of humor . I guess nothing 's all bad .
 This mediocre Rolling Stones tribute act , heavily influenced by the awesome INXS , came up with this great album of whimsical attempts at crossing rock and blues with the keyboard madness of Roy Manzarek , blended with the vocal stylings of Jim Morrisons , with Freddie Kruger 's special skills on drums and Jon Denver on placid guitar . The result of this hotchpotch of beatnick styled alchoholic hippy boyband is this , the bands 7th studio album , and to be honest , I would have thought that they would have gotten a handle on their respective roles by now to have made a better bunch of tunes than this.For a start , Mr Morrisons laid back attitude to convention belies his privileged upbringing as part of the supermarket family empire , which is still a big player in the food distribution scam . This kind of childhood , wanting for nothing , had crept into Jim 's psyche and influenced his whole world view for the worse , including a propensity for the discounted Matey bubble bath that would eventually lead to his beard and demise in a Paris motel bathroom , overcome by the fumes of the bubbly mixture.Currently buried in Pepe le Peu cemetery in Paris , Jims songs still play on , and are as popular as ever , probably because they can be sang and remembered whilst drunk . The songs on this album range from catchy like a cold to meandering self interest . The highlight for me is ` Raiders on the Storm ' , a song about his baby chickens from when he was a little lad . It starts with raining and has rumbles of lightning in the background too.This album sounds good through the aqua hi-fi system too , with varied bass lines and twinkly organ melodies . For a manufactured boyband from so long ago , it is hard to imagine Take That ever being held with the same reverance that the Doors are . Cleverly named after the nickname of Diana Doors , this band seem destined to play on and on , even if they lost their Robbie to a bathtime mishap , they continue to shift CD 's at a rate of knots.All in all , buy this album to see what all the fuss is about . Failing that watch the film by Oliver North and see Valerie Kilmer do a bad impression based more on Michael Hutchings than Mr Morrisons . A good CD let down by poor quality songs and catchy tunes , well recommended - avoid !
 Oh , boy . It 's like the dentist offering to pull a few extra teeth ... for free!This album is soooooooooooooooo pretentious and boring . Oh . Mi . Gawd . Make it stop . -LRB- Axton -RRB-
 This album is so bad , it 's almost worth owning . Track after plodding track astonishes . When I listen to this album , I feel intensely sorry for the other members of The Doors . An obviously inebriated Jimbo sounds like he could n't decide whether to throw up or to go to sleep , so instead he went to the studio and cut some tracks . His vocals are shockingly -LSB- bad -RSB- and painfully off-key . He actually SOUNDS fat ! Seriously ... check it out ! To make matters worse , at least half of the tunes sound like Morrison made up the abysmal lyrics as he went along . There are a couple tunes where apparently the other Doors managed to get their fearless leader semi-sobered up or at least convinced him to come up with some -LSB- bad -RSB- lyrics in advance -LRB- Riders on the Storm being the best of these -RRB- , but they are the exception . Mostly the tunes are lazy , generic blues variations that a below-average bar band would be ashamed to call their own . And Morrison turns in the least convincing `` blues '' vocals this side of Eric Clapton 's From The Cradle -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- ! This is bad , bad stuff . That said , it 's pretty -LSB- -RSB- funny if you have a perverse enough sense of humor , and it 's a great party album if your friends have a similar sense of humor . I guess nothing 's all bad .
 Lover Her Madly , L.A. Woman , Riders on the Storm ... zzz . There 's really no reason to dredge up the likes of this .
 This album is so bad , it 's almost worth owning . Track after plodding track astonishes . When I listen to this album , I feel intensely sorry for the other members of The Doors . An obviously inebriated Jimbo sounds like he could n't decide whether to throw up or to go to sleep , so instead he went to the studio and cut some tracks . His vocals are shockingly -LSB- bad -RSB- and painfully off-key . He actually SOUNDS fat ! Seriously ... check it out ! To make matters worse , at least half of the tunes sound like Morrison made up the abysmal lyrics as he went along . There are a couple tunes where apparently the other Doors managed to get their fearless leader semi-sobered up or at least convinced him to come up with some -LSB- bad -RSB- lyrics in advance -LRB- Riders on the Storm being the best of these -RRB- , but they are the exception . Mostly the tunes are lazy , generic blues variations that a below-average bar band would be ashamed to call their own . And Morrison turns in the least convincing `` blues '' vocals this side of Eric Clapton 's From The Cradle -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- ! This is bad , bad stuff . That said , it 's pretty -LSB- -RSB- funny if you have a perverse enough sense of humor , and it 's a great party album if your friends have a similar sense of humor . I guess nothing 's all bad .
 Another generic classic rock band that deserves no attention from music fans . . I mean , really , what did Jim Morrison and the Doors do for rock n roll music ? NOTHING ! Nickelback has taken rock to new heights with songs like `` How you Remind me '' and `` Photograph '' ... none of the Doors songs even come close to the greatness that Nickelback has achieved.For good music AVOID the Doors and stick with good stuff like Nickelback , Jonas Brothers , Linkin Park , Black Eyed Peas , Blink 182 , Green Day , Shaggy , Slipknot , Papa Roach , My Chemical Romance , Evanescence , Simple Plan , Limp Bizkit , Good Charlotte , Avril Lavinge , 50 Cent , Ja Rule , Vengaboys , Nelly , Puff Daddy , Usher , Crazy Town , Kid Rock , Creed , Soulfly , Korn , Justin Timberlake , HoobaStank , Incubus , Default , Staind , P.O.D. , Three Days , Grace , Sisqo , R Kelly , 3 Doors Down , and Alient Ant Farm . Just ... anything on the radio or MTV ;-RRB- All those bands are 1000 better than the Doors : -RRB-
 I have to say that I am a little disappointed with this disc . L.A. Woman is perhaps the best of the Doors albums but the DVD-Audio is not very well done . After being totally blown away by other DVD-A discs -LRB- The Eagles Hotel California , America Homecoming to name a couple -RRB- this one is kind of a dud . The surround is very artificial sounding or even nonexistant in places.There is no real advantage to owning the DVD-A disc over the cd .
 This is NOT the original recording . It has been remixed . Bad idea . I do n't understand why the Doors albums were remastered in 1999 , but only released in the US in that box set . The '99 remasters sounded great . But remixed ?? I think even the average listener would be able to tell that something just does n't sound right here . It is n't the same classic recordings you 're used to hearing.Now , why am I against the remixes ? Well , for one , it opens the door to reinterpretation . I mean , why not get a whole host of remixers for the project ? You could have today 's top DJs remixing classic albums from every era . You could buy the Paul Oakenfold version of LA Woman for when you want that combination of Jim Morrison and super sexy deep club beats . Why not just put the raw tracks on DVD audio and let the listener `` remix '' for themselves ? Maybe you could get some guest musicians to add tracks to the original recordings . I mean , maybe what LA Woman really needs is a Slash guitar solo . Or how about getting Napalm Death to add some crunchy heaviness to Roadhouse Blues?Do you get the point ? If you start rearranging the past , where do you stop ? And now these remixed CDs are taking the place of the original catalog , so new listeners will be hearing something totally different than what we originally heard and fell in love with . Classics are classics for a reason . Remastering for higher fidelity is one thing , but remixing , rearranging , and reinterpreting are quite another .
 Yes , the sound is great but the tracks are remixed , often with new vocal and instrumental parts . These are NOT the original mixes ! Caveat emptor !
 This anniversary edition of LA Woman unfortunately has all the promise but virtually fails on all accounts . I have loved this album since it first came out & i started to appreciate brilliant rock music when i was 12 in the very early 70 's including Led Zepplin , Amon Duul 2 , Jimi Hendrix , Soft Machine , Pink Floyd etc etc. . If you want to keep the legacy untarnished merely buy the 2007 edition that is excellently produced & has 2 very good additions to the album firstly the real gem ` Orange County Suite ' where the doors really have added sympathetically to Jims recording , & secondly ` You need meat ' which was recorded at the time & is a good blues cover . So what does the 40th Anniversary edition offer . 1 . lousy packaging with no new information 2 . alt.versions of songs which add absolutely no insights except drunken banter by Jim which makes me wonder if even jim would have been so indulgent to inflict this rubbish onto his music fans . 3 . a couple of new songs ` she smells ' which has very poor music & an even worse vocal recording by jim & then there is a very pedestrian cover of a very boring rock song . When i was younger the myth and legacy of the doors was brilliant & divided into two phases 1stly the psychadelic poet shaman years -LRB- namely the 1st 3 albums -RRB- then the second phase of the drunken blues belter years which was finally redeemed by the magnificance of LA Women . Then Jim died & at the time i use to dream that the whole death in France fiasco was a smoke & mirrors ploy & that Jim had really gone to Mexico & was detoxing himself in a 40 day ritual in a sweat lodge & that after that he was learning native American music & would return to the doors who would then blend the two music styles , namely indiginous & hard rock music & the Doors would reenter the music pantheon as true innovators again . Ahhh unforetunatly only an unfulfilled fantasy but at least do n't destroy the legacy ...
 My 2005 Acura TL has a DVD-Audio player , so I made an investment in DVD-Audio discs . The selection was very poor . I bought about 12 different DVD-Audio discs in 2005 , and it should be noted that I did NOT buy any of them from Amazon . This DVD-Audio version of L.A. Woman is the worst sound I have ever heard . It sounds like a remix of a mono recording -LRB- extremely flat -RRB- . And they are asking over a hundred dollars for this ? I would gladly sell mine for half of that , but I have a conscience . Save your money , and buy the audio-CD version .
 I was disapointed in the mix of the entire DVD Audio disk . Who ever did it should of call the engineers who worked on ELP 'S Brain Sallad Surgery . The mix is flat and Jims vocals need more than just the center channel speaker . I also feel the sub channel was left out in the remix of this great recording . If you want to hear great L.A. Woman recording BUY A TURN TABLE AND THE LP VERSION OF L.A. WOMAN .
 I know you should be wary of buying penny items but the description did not mention the disc was cracked and skipped . I would have certainly reconsidered my purchase if I had known it was damaged . As they say if it is too good to be true something is up .
 Masterpiece ? How ? Ok , ok ... They did save the best for last , `` Riders on the Storm '' - without a doubt , a time-capsule classic , thru and thru , with a relevatory electric piano keeping it a-flow . Even the embarrassingly peurile phrase `` dog with a bone '' works in the arrangement . Listening at home in 1972 , over the intercome system me and my Dad installed in our Weehawken , N.J. , home , I was floored . Do n't know why I did not buy the single . Maybe being broke as a cinderblock is a clue ... . My Mom brought me a vanilla cupcake and a cup of coffee and my 21 year old psyche explored the local solar system , tour guide , old , drunk Jim.Unfortunately , with the exception of the hot cover of John Lee Hooker `` Crawling King Snake '' , most of `` Hyacinth House '' , and tentative tributes to Jimmy Reed and Bo Diddley and Tony Joe White , we were presented with a real dud , lyrically ridiculous and musically monotonous.I have been taking singing lessons -LRB- not that anyone asked -RRB- and was surprised to discover that Jim Morrison sings `` correctly '' . Whatever went wrong , on L.A. WOMAN his * expression * remains the same throughout.Excuse me ... on the finale track , he reaches out and grabs the torch just before it hits the ground and is extinquished . -LSB- review based upon early reissue on CD -RSB- .
 i had thought the 2nd , bonus CD the raison d'etre of the re-release of L A Woman . -LRB- the disc is an offering wonderfully strange , eerily so . -RRB- until , that is , i discovered on the www news of some accompanying celebration to the enterprise . it would seem that there is/was a 41st anniversary ` party ' complete w / video filmed in venice , CA . excuse me , `` Venice '' ? what the video shows bears little to no resemblance to Jim Morrison 's Venice . -LRB- i write as an erstwhile citizen of Venice pre-gentrification -- albeit short-term and post Jim 's residency . -RRB- to include Mr Morrison in this doors celebration then , i think that additional scenes would need to be added , perhaps super-8 slides of Venice in the days of the oil fields . Days , too , of the original Venice beats -- the painters & poets.so , yes , although 5 stars for the music 's re-release , 1 star for the package deal .
 Not again , please ! How many times are The Doors going to reissue L.A.Woman ? The definitive version will always be the original vinyl LP and if you do n't own that already , simply buy the 180g remastered version released a couple of years ago . If you do n't own a turntable anymore then the next best thing will be the already available 2007 CD issue which contains two genuine extra songs on it . However whilst the 2007 version is slightly remixed it is BETTER sounding that the original mix with far more depth and space allowing the listener into the atmosphere created by the band in their rehearsal workshop - highly recommended!Don ' t forget also that the ORIGINAL stereo mix of this album has also been available in the digital domain since 1987 and has never been out of print . The original CD 's were great sounding but the 1999 remastered versions do sound better.So where does all that leave THIS issue ? Well , you get the original AGAIN -LRB- yawn -RRB- with a further disc of rough early takes of only some of the songs that made it onto the actual album . Nothing revealing or earth shattering here , I can guarantee you . These early takes were always destined for the can and are totally unnecessary . The so-called new song is probably the weakest track The Doors have ever released . It is a rough lazy blues jam with an inebriated high-spirited Morrison ad-libbing it poorly through four minutes . You will be begging it to stop after the first listen.All in all this is a travesty of a release and a disgrace that this band is milking fans once more with a re-re-re-re-issue of material they know we will already have . If you 're a newbie , you 'll also be better served elsewhere.With every passing year , and every ` new ' Doors release my appreciation for my one-time favourite band is slipping . The post-Morrison marketing policy just taints the whole catalogue for me.And whoopee ! I hear there is more of L.A. Woman to come soon !
 All of these tracks are very , very familiar from three decades of airplay and the LP . The net effect of the mix is as if the surviving band mates said , `` Let 's push all Jim 's vocals down , and fight over the surround joystick so we each get our share of the channels '' . On most tracks , the band seems curiously crowded in the front , and then suddenly an instrument will blare out the back channels . Jim 's voice was mixed low in volume and low in pitch so he is no longer fronting the band , he 's singing by himself alone in the center channel . This remix is worse even than the DVD-A of Yes , Close To The Edge , which is an all-time bungle . Ham-handed remixes of well-known material like this are killing DVD-Audio .
 The first disc offers a recording of the Ordo Virtutum . The music itself is well performed but the visual aspect does not add anything , in fact it makes the music less enjoyable . The performance is stiff -LRB- what to expect ? -RRB- and does not communicate the sense of mystic experience that the original context must have had . In the first disc you 'll also find an interview to Matthew and Mary Fox . What they say is quite informative , but it could have been done in 20 less minutes . They focus on theological and political aspects and are not competent in music , nor pretend to be -LRB- at some point the Ordo is referred to as an Opera ! -RRB- . The second CD contains a TV movie on the life of Hildegard . Badly done , very boring , not informative at all . I definitely do not recommend this DVD .
 I bought this CD because a review said there were no annoying loud birds ... well , the bugs are louder than the rain or river and sound like grating metal . The first track is supposed to be rain , but you really ca n't hear the rain , it 's so soft . You sure can hear the bugs ! After only 2 minutes I could n't stand it . It 's a little like the 17 year cicada invasions . The river in the second track is louder than the rain on the first track , but there are still loud bugs . The third track has many birds . I love birds , but there was little variety and most of the bird calls were non-melodic and uninteresting . I did not find this CD to be at all relaxing .
 The only reason I rated this two stars was because my bird could care less about this CD . I originally was online with some bird websites . I have a cockatiel and she is so whiney -LRB- squawking - screaming -RRB- when you leave the room . One of the reviewers said this CD did the trick for his bird . Well I think I have a special needs bird :-RRB- The CD itself is soothing for me . However , it does n't do anything to quiet my needy cockatiel .
 It is a rainforest . Do n't buy if you are expecting anything more than rain . Threw it away .
 I have this Album in a double vinyl and it is in bad conditions to listening by so much times I play it and here in Spain I ca n't find it because it 's out of catalog . I think that this album is the best of Isaac Hayes and I have around twenty two albums of this man . Thankyou for your attention and service .
 It was a kind of dissapoint , because the club hits are not like that , buy i recommend circuit party 1,2,3,4 , and 5 are just great .
 I have absolutely no problem understanding why these guys have had such a hard time breaking the American market . First of all , they write lyrics that do n't translate to Americans . Second , they sound as if they could n't care less anyway . Now , is that any way to impress the nice Americans?Blur represent everything that Americans do n't get about English pop . They perform guitar rawk without much to provide any sense of cohesive unity , or even originality . In order to survive the extraordinarily fickle English music market , they have changed their style every two albums or so . This helped them survive on their side of the puddle , but it did n't do them any good over here . It did n't help that all of these ` stylistic ' changes hardly affected the band 's sound at all , with each incarnation leaving them sounding like any other second-rate guitar-based pop band.I 've listened to this disk five times in a row , and yet I have absolutely no idea what the hell they are going on about . Some attitude creeps through , but it never seems particularly clever -LRB- or particularly literate -RRB- . Some examples - `` This is the next century . The universal is free . You can find it anywhere . '' `` When I feel heavy metal , and I 'm on pins and needles , Well , I lie and I 'm easy ... '' A track like `` Tender '' features a gospel-sized chorus and is pleasant musically but is so lyrically inept that it becomes grating . Here 's its chorus ; `` Oh my baby , oh my baby , Oh , why . Oh , my , '' repeated ad infinitum . Who needs this gobbledygook?Some songs are good , but not particularly noteworthy . `` Boys and Girls '' is a bit of disco fun . `` The Universal '' features some interesting orchestration , and `` Park Life '' is a lively stomper . `` This Is a Low '' sinks in a bit after repeated listenings , but not enough to warrant the attention I paid it . A trifle like `` To the End '' combines bits of Burt Bacharach and Serge Gainsbourg , but results only in a mediocre lift of the `` Midnight Cowboy '' theme.Elsewhere , the music and lyrics are so English that it 's almost alienating . `` Beetlebum , '' for instance , is ludicrous ; `` Beetlebum , because you 're young , she 's a gun . Now what you 've done , Beetlebum ... '' What the heck is that supposed to mean ? Do they get this in England ? The extra live disk that comes with this set helps to explain things a bit , especially when you hear the English crowd going crazy and singing along , but Americans will probably continue to scratch their heads . `` This Is a Low '' is even less clear - `` On the Malin head , Blackpool looks blue and red , and the Queen , she 's gone ` round the bend . Jumped off Lands End . '' It is no wonder that these guys lost their battle with Oasis for supremacy . B - Tom Ryan
 Blur is the most God awful band that there ever was ! The singers vocals are horrendous ! He sounds like a whiny little ... . If you like poor music and wasting money then by all means get this , but if you like GOOD music then skip this steamy pile of dung .
 This album is OK but is not the best . `` Dedicated to the ... '' does not have the original long intro that we know and have !!!
 There are better Torme CD 's , ones with much better sound .
 This CD is allright but without the soulfull Sax playing of the origional sax player , George White , this band no longer has it . The groove , charisma and overall spirit is missing without Mr. White , who can be heard on the origional Bustin Surfboards release in the early 60 's . Where 's George ! It 's just not the Tornadoes withou him !
 This is slick , over-orchestrated mush , elevator music . But Jim Hall 's other version with Paul Desmond and Chet Baker , `` Concierto '' , is excellent .
 9 tepid country-pop songs and one disco song ? No thanks . Give me the Paul Cotton version of Poco ANY day !
 What ? They do n't have a Lite Rock or Classic Rock radio station where you live ? Why else would you need to buy this CD ? Every song on here is an easy listening hit . But just because you have heard them all before , does n't make the songs good.Sure , other reviewers will tell you that this is the top selling album ever , or some such line . But that is still no reason to buy it . That just means you probably know several people who already own it . Buy something else ! Greatest Hits are for housewives and little girls ! These songs are mostly just boring schmaltz that somehow manages appeal to the lowest common denominator of Yuppies and Rednecks alike . And what is the deal with all of the `` ooh oooh '' and `` whoa oh '' ? All 10 songs feature someone -LRB- lead or background -RRB- singing `` ooh oooh '' and/or `` whoa oh '' ... It is not quite as noticeable on `` Desperado '' , which by the way , is just about the wussiest outlaw song in the history of music . The best thing about it was a funny bit on Seinfeld about a guy who was way too into the song.You like country rock ? Try the Byrds , Steve Earle , Uncle Tupelo , Old 97 's , Wilco , Son Volt , the Flying Burrito Brothers , the Bottle Rockets , Neko Case , the Jayhawks , the Waco Brothers , Robbie Fulks , Lucinda Williams , the Band , anything else . There is no prize for being the one billionth person to buy the Eagles Greatest Hits .
 I must agree with A Music Fan whose review appears above . I recently sold all my Eagles CD 's back to the Wherehouse , under the misguided notion that there was an Eagles collection of Greatest Hits with songs appearing from Volume one and Two on it . Sure , people could purchase Hell Freezes Over but what about individuals who liked the Eagles music before they sold out ? I hope that someone can get on the stick and make a Greatest Hits CD that spans the two volumes soon and includes other lesser known hits as well . It is the end of a Millenium after all .
 The Eagles represent so much of what 's wrong with music fans . Their huge arena Soft Rock junk is timecapsiled here for aliens to find in the future , and explain why we all killed each other . All the Eagles really accomplished was to ruin the great career Joe Walsh and the James Gang should have had.God ! sometimes they actually had 4 guitar players up there !!
 The tape and its case were both covered in brown filth . It looked as if it was dug out of a trash can ! Should not have been resold in its shape !
 i like it , it is just you guys suckyou should show the play list of the songs !!!
 The Eagles represented that mid to late 1970 's emphasis on safe , no risks , and utterly unchallenging music . Pleasant , unremarkable , and devoid of any real substance , they made music that parents could listen to . So naturally they were huge.The songs were easy to digest , much like corn flakes , which means they are as forgettable today as they were a quarter of a century ago.Time to move on folks .
 never receved album in mail it has been two months since you took my money
 Absolutely acceptable musicianship all around
 The fact that this album is the biggest selling catalog item to date really says a lot about how much the United States cherishes mediocrity in music . And no American artist is more cherished than the Eagles.Taking their cue from far superior bands -LRB- The Flying Burrito Brothers , the Byrds , The Band , etc. -RRB- , the Eagles were certainly country-rock 's first and most successful mercenaries , sucking all life from the genre , and , at the same time , making Gram Parsons turn over in his grave -LRB- though not technically , thanks to Phil `` The Human Torch '' Kaufman -RRB- . If you want a truly great album , try `` The Guilded Palace of Sin '' by the Flying Burrito Brothers . Believe me , it 's so much better than this tripe . The Eagles have far more money than they know what to do with already . Their thoughtless , condescending , mindless songs make up a shameful catalog that should be burned in effigy -LRB- as well as physically -RRB- .
 Turns out everyone who bought a copy of this album made a major mistake . Thankfully , that mistake can be fixed . All you got ta do is return your copy to whatever record story you bought it at and ask for your money back.Now what about the music ? Well , I gave it one star , so that should be a sign it sucks . Any album with Witchy Woman , Desperado , Peaceful Easy Feeling , Lyin ' Eyes , Take it To the Limit , Best of My Love and One of These Nights would be worth one star already , but they lose even more points by ruining a great Jackson Browne song -LRB- Take It Easy -RRB- . Skip this .
 The Eagles are the most boring cliched band . There is much much better American music out there , such as The Beach Boys and Creedence Clearwater Revival . I could n't believe that this was ranked the best selling album of all time . It 's sickening .
 The Eagles represent all-American mediocrity at its blandest . Apart from the song ` Hotel California ' their catalog is listless country-rock balladeering with a dollop of misogyny and cynicism thrown in . I just picture people in the heartland buying up multiple copies of this CD because they do n't want that ` weirdo ' Michael Jackson to have the best selling record in the good ole USA ! If there is a Hell then this album is playing there in a constant loop .
 I wanted to like this album . i really did , but it 's full of the most overplayed songsin history . I 'd rather listen to the greatest commercial jingles of the 70s . -LRB- The Dr. Pepper song , Sometimes You Feel Like a Nut , Sometimes You Do n't , Plop-Plop Fizz Fizz , Oh What A Relief it Is -RRB- . the problem with the Eagles is their soulessness . No soul . And no sense of humor . All they did was rip off The Flying Burrito Brothers . If you want to hear a great album of easy listening Country Rock Pop , I suggest you buy the Best of Bread .
 Everything this band ever released was horrible . Fooled by the masterpiece tune `` HOTEL CALIFORNIA '' , I went out to buy a compilation from them . Uau !! awful . `` HOTEL CALIFORNIA '' is a thousand miles ahead of all other songs they ever wrote , in terms of sheer quality . THe rest is a bunch of cheesy and souless music . The only merit is the drummer who can sing , which is very rare . Blergh !
 I must agree with A Music Fan whose review appears above . I recently sold all my Eagles CD 's back to the Wherehouse , under the misguided notion that there was an Eagles collection of Greatest Hits with songs appearing from Volume one and Two on it . Sure , people could purchase Hell Freezes Over but what about individuals who liked the Eagles music before they sold out ? I hope that someone can get on the stick and make a Greatest Hits CD that spans the two volumes soon and includes other lesser known hits as well . It is the end of a Millenium after all .
 Desperado was a pretty good album . This is ... easy listening . The Eagles got a lot better after they got Joe Walsh .
 This is NOT an import , it is the generic greatest hits found in stores . It is not housed in a mini lp slip case , but the normal jewel case found in stores
 I must agree with A Music Fan whose review appears above . I recently sold all my Eagles CD 's back to the Wherehouse , under the misguided notion that there was an Eagles collection of Greatest Hits with songs appearing from Volume one and Two on it . Sure , people could purchase Hell Freezes Over but what about individuals who liked the Eagles music before they sold out ? I hope that someone can get on the stick and make a Greatest Hits CD that spans the two volumes soon and includes other lesser known hits as well . It is the end of a Millenium after all .
 I 'm sorry , but in my opinion , The Eagles were mediocre until Joe Walsh joined the band . `` Hotel California '' is and always will be their best work and easily deserves five stars , but this is a boring collection of dull songs . Why even buy it ? Gee whiz , just turn on your favorite classic rock radio station and within several hours , it 's likely that you will hear most of these songs . Classic rock radio is over rated , too , but that 's going off the subject . Unless you love early Eagles , save your money or spend it on `` Hotel California '' -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- `` The Long Run '' -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- or `` Eagles live '' -LRB- 4 stars but a must own for `` Seven Bridges Road . '' -RRB-
 This CD does not have the songs that are listed on this site . `` Here I Am '' and `` The Things You Do '' are n't on this CD . Beware , the `` Red , Red Wine '' version is cut short also . Do n't buy it unless your really know what it is you 're getting .
 I ordered this CD specifically for Red , Red Wine and the whole song is n't even on there ! I was VERY disappointed . Best song they ever recorded and I wasted my money trying to get it . Do n't get this CD if you like that song .
 I Have to agree with the other review , about this album falling short of his other work in the past - notably Karma and WCD . There seems to be a constant theme of anger and rejection throughout , that becomes exhausting . I understand the venting on maybe a few songs , but to have to endure this on all 17 tracks , is not enjoyable . The singing feels forced ... Also missing is the natural progression , from song to song . What made Love Somebody , Jessie 's Girl and Human Heart so excellent was the great pop hooks , and great emotion - unfortunately not present on this record . Will I is the only track that comes close , but not enough to salvage the rest of this record , to give it a recommendation .
 I Have to agree with the other review , about this album falling short of his other work in the past - notably Karma and WCD . There seems to be a constant theme of anger and rejection throughout , that becomes exhausting . I understand the venting on maybe a few songs , but to have to endure this on all 17 tracks , is not enjoyable . The singing feels forced ... Also missing is the natural progression , from song to song . What made Love Somebody , Jessie 's Girl and Human Heart so excellent was the great pop hooks , and true emotion - unfortunately not present on SDAA . Will I , is the only track that comes close , but not enough to salvage the rest of this record , to give it a recommendation .
 First off , let me start by saying I am a HUGE Rick Springfield fan . I have been since the early 80 's . I have seen Rick in concert over 25 times and his live show is spectacular . I have every cd Rick has made in my collection . I even had the pleasure of meeting Rick twice and he seems to be a good guy . But I 've got to be honest , this is not Rick 's best effort . I understand Rick not singing about `` scoring '' with girls in the back seat of a car anymore , but why are you so angry ?! I tried to listen to the whole cd , but I had to listen to it in stages . I could not take the bitching and moaning for long periods . In all fairness though , `` Will I '' is great song and should get some serious radio play . As for the rest of the cd , stop complaining . Rick is a talented musician and song writer , but you would ` nt know it from his latest effort . So , until Rick 's next cd , I will have to rely on his past efforts .
 I know that there are several dye hard RS fans out there , and you 're not going to like this review . Maybe when you are that devoted to an artist , it 's hard to be objective about his/her music . I 've listened to this CD and I have to say that I 'm not impressed . I still love the music that RS did in the early 80 's . I have all of the early 80 's CD 's . But Rick started to lose me around the release of Tao . If you are a devoted RS fan , then you will love this CD . But if you are a casual fan , this sounds like he plays the same three or four guitar cords through most of the songs . He does these hard driving guitar cords , then he 'll pause and softly plunk the strings . It 's reminiscent of the opening licks of Jesse 's girl all over again . I can almost hear the lyrics to ` I 've Done Everything For You ' in several of these tracks . Rick is a great performer . This CD is good , but that 's all it is , is good . The vocals are almost unintelligible under the over driven guitars . These songs sound like a garage band trying to sound like a real rock band . Sorry Rick , but I know that you can do better than this . The lyrics are great , but the music is still trapped in the 1980 's . It just seems that his early 80 's music was more diverse with the musical arrangement from track to track . But over driven guitar amps and fast drums do n't make a great CD . Listen to the smoothness of Success Has n't Spoiled Me Yet . Sure the style is a little bubble gum . That was big then . But `` Power Rock '' went out with the 80 's . Maybe I 'm trapped in the past . But these tracks sound like something that were found in the back of the vault of RCA Records . Sorry all you dye hard fans . Listen to your radios . No one is doing music like this anymore . This CD sounds too old to be new .
 I have always enjoyed Rick Springfield 's music . It weighs in somewhere between bubble gum pop and rock . But it 's catchy and enjoyable . With his latest , I just can not connect with many of the songs . A lot of the material on this cd sounds like some kind of garage noise rather than the mature and thoughtful sounds I 've grown accustomed to from him . Even some of the more `` enjoyable `` tracks -LRB- although I use the term pretty loosely -RRB- like Perfect and Beautiful You are hard to listen to because of the noise of the guitars and sometimes inaudible words Rick tries to sing over all the commotion . If you want to hear some quality newer stuff from Mr. Springfield , check out his last release `` Karma '' which is very worthy , fun , quality music .
 I found this record to be extremely disappointing . It does n't even scratch the surface of the rock gems he put out back in the 1980 's . Where are the hooks Rick ???? This is basically 17 tracks of an angry 54 yr . old man , venting his frustration over some broken relationships . The reviews I 've read so far , The Washington Post , for one , seem to agree . He really misses the boat on this disc .
 I Have to agree with the other review , about this album falling short of his other work in the past - notably Karma and WCD . There seems to be a constant theme of anger and rejection throughout , that becomes exhausting . I understand the venting on maybe a few songs , but to have to endure this on all 17 tracks , is not enjoyable . The singing feels forced ... Also missing is the natural progression , from song to song . What made Love Somebody , Jessie 's Girl and Human Heart so excellent was the great pop hooks , and true emotion - unfortunately not present on SDAA . Will I , is the only track that comes close , but it 's not enough to salvage the rest of this record , to give it a recommendation .
 I saw RS live in 1993 , when everyone was wondering , `` What happened to Rick Springfield ? '' He looked great , played great , and sang great . Great show . When RS released Karma in 1999 , I was stoked . No one had heard from Rick in a while and it was good to see him clean cut and looking well on the cd cover . And it was even better to hear the music on Karma -LRB- some of Rick 's best written material -RRB- and feel that Rick was enjoying life , for Karma is quite an inspirational and uplifting album . But then soon after that , I guess , Rick had legal trouble and apparently has not been the same since . I saw him live again in 2002 , he came out looking like he just joined a gothy skater club . And the performance was lackluster . He was n't even singing the songs , just kinda shouting out the lyrics . Totally disappointing . Shock Denial Anger Acceptance proves that he 's still in this depressing `` shell . '' I actually had a hope that this cd would still have some uplifting rock sound as did Karma . A minute into the 1st track , I thought , `` Eh . . '' 30 seconds into the next track , `` Oh no . . '' 10 seconds into the 3rd track , I thought , `` Ew . '' I scanned the first eight tracks and decided that this is one of the worst albums I 've ever heard . It was a lame attempt from Rick to get his aggression out and sound heavy , and failed miserably . I would n't even call what he does on this cd singing . The music is dark , not uplifting as Rick 's music used to be .
 This CD is awful . And I 'm a HUGE Rick Springfield fan . I have all of his CDs , I 've followed his career for decades , I 've seen him in concert more times than I can count . That 's why it 's so painful to give this album a bad review.Nearly every song on this CD has Rick whining in a raspy voice about insignificant things . Yes , Rick , I know you had a mid-life crisis -LRB- and are apparently still suffering through it -RRB- and I 'm getting tired of hearing you sing about it from your mansion in Malibu . Boo hoo . Quit your complaining , it 's unattractive and just plain sad.The guitar and the music in general on this CD are so loud , you can barely hear Rick 's voice . Which is actually fine with me since all he 's doing in screaming , not singing . And the lyrics are starting to get repetitive . He 's still using metaphors that you 'll find way back in Tao and Rock of Life . There 's nothing new here . It 's all the same old whining , repackaged and supercharged for an attention-deficit younger crowd.As for the many glowing reviews you 'll read here -- perhaps many of them are sincere . But I know Rick 's fans . They are hard core and will do just about anything to see Rick back in the limelight and on the radio airwaves . I 'm sure they 've organized a review writing campaign to try and get Rick some recognition . I 'm all for Rick getting the respect he deserves as a serious artist and musician . But SDAA really misses the mark.I love you Rick , but this CD is extremely disappointing .
 It 's clear that Rick is indeed in denial . I was highly anticipating his return to his musical roots . Instead , we get kiddy pop/rock fare , reminiscent of that disposable bubble gum rock music from the likes of Dokken , Warrant , White Snake , Et al. . He basically whines throughout this record ... It 's one over the top , unsatisfactory song after another . Rick , stop acting as if you 're some broken down old man . Maybe next time you 'll get with the program .
 This is a truly awful effort , by a guy that had some pretty decent songs back in the day . It 's more than a little dumbfounding to see some of the reviews ... Unless it 's the same person under assumed names . Anyway , this unambitious album suffers from a lack of any kind of creativity . Rick seems to be desperately wanting to jump on the bandwagon of comebacks , trying to appeal to the teenybopper crowd . Track after track offers us nothing more than noisy guitar riffs , backed by screaming , uninspired vocal exercises . I recommend Working Class Dog Instead . . Anything he put out back then , is a major improvement over this .
 Being a Bryan Duncan fan , I eagerly picked up this CD . I found it disappointing . While you do sense the energy and fun that was there at the gig , the songs we love are full of mistakes , have poor backing vocals and are certainly not to the standard of his incredibly polished studio recordings . I was surprised that one song particularly was left on this album as the band stuffed it up , the b.v. 's miss their cue , Bryan even says `` This is a terrible song '' . Still , it shows his sense of fun and the ability to laugh at himself . Best to buy his studio albums . They are awesome .
 I saw Bryan Duncan perform this morning at my church , and was very impressed . So I decided to buy one of his CD 's . When I popped it in the CD player , I was very appalled to hear some of the worst mixing I 've ever heard . There is virtually no bass at all ; and only after serious EQ tweaking does it sound even decent . The songs are OK , but it just does n't sound right with only treble . Do not buy this ; buy some of his studio work instead .
 I expected a really nice re-issue of this outstanding concert . Yes , it 's 180 heavy vinyl , but the sound is terrible , it 's a cd with vinyl-shape , it has nothing to do with the original lp .
 Did not give a list of songs on the CD and some of their best work was not on the CD
 Purchased this release a few years ago , after ignoring the info I 'm about to impart to you.Warner / Rhino have the stereo imaging backwards . I 've listened to the mp3 version Amazon offers here and it 's also incorrect . If you 've ever seen DP live you know Blackmore was always stage left -LRB- audience/stereo right -RRB- and Jon Lord was hard panned left . This disc has it reversed , so if it matters to you this will be unlistenable . You 'll be flip-flopping your R/L cd cables for one disc . If it does n't matter to ya ' then ROCK ON !!
 Did DP Mk 2 have chops ? Yes . But ... talk about beating the dead horse . When songs run out of musical ideas , the boys just crank the amps and let ` er rip for 10 more minutes . Nuance and subtlety were not in their collective DNA . Nor was a sense of humor
 This release is a compressed unpleasant sounding listening experience . Audiophile my ASS . The original mint condition release I have on vinyl sounds Awesome and a thousand times better to the ear . At first we thought it might be my friends stereo so We then played it on my $ 12,000 System and it sounds just as bad ! . I am glad I did n't purchase it . A good mate of mine is n't happy parting with the money tho . Please AVOID and shop around for an original copy or a 70 's or 80 's reissue.I really do n't understand Record company 's releasing Digital remastered Crap like this . Do n't fix what ai n't ben broke I say .
 This album is OK but is not the best . `` Dedicated to the ... '' does not have the original long intro that we know and have !!!
 I ordered this CD specifically for Red , Red Wine and the whole song is n't even on there ! I was VERY disappointed . Best song they ever recorded and I wasted my money trying to get it . Do n't get this CD if you like that song .
 This CD does not have the songs that are listed on this site . `` Here I Am '' and `` The Things You Do '' are n't on this CD . Beware , the `` Red , Red Wine '' version is cut short also . Do n't buy it unless your really know what it is you 're getting .
 I am a big fan of both Can and Holgar Czukay , but I found this record very hard to get into.Can almost invented-or at least brought into rock-those repetative patterns and loops that make up what is now called dance music . But what kept Can ever interesting is all the little sounds that they added to these structues.Here , there is a lot of the repatition and not a lot on top of it to make it compelling . It is not bad by any strech , but nothing excitingIf you like this type of music , your better off with Can , Steve Riech or Terry Riley.Decent , but not essential .
 I am familiar with much of Holger Czukays work with Can and solo and I have to say this the least spectacular recording he has made . Alot of the two discs fail to walk the very thin line of listenable dance music , which is what it is dance music . Not the place to start for either artist . A real letdown .
 While this CD is well done for what it is . It does not contain the original songs for these TV shows . They are all instrumental .
 None of these are the `` original soundtracks '' as the samples claim . Not at all . They are merely the themes , sans voice , de-orchestrated to guitar . False advertising .
 This CD does not have enough jungle sounds like tigers -LRB- as pictured on the cover -RRB- or anything other than crickets and bug sounds . Once in a while in one of the tracks there is a larger animal sound , but not often . If you want bugs and crickets this is the CD for you . If you want tigers and other cool sounds , I would recommend finding another CD .
 do not buy this album thinking that Kurt Matlin produced it . he served as executive producer and did n't even contribute one solitary beat . Dopestyle 1231 is a mostly failed attempt to bring back the short lived ` horrorcore ' genre kicking and screaming into the new millennium . Right off the bat it seems pretty obvious that dopestyle is influenced by Kool keith yet unlike many other of his students , he ca n't perform the abstract freeform rhyming with any notable degree of skill . when analysed closely some of his lines are borderline clever yet they are far from tight and his delivery is extremely off the mark . missing cues is n't the half of it . The guy is just off the beat in a way that suggests he has no business jumping on it in the first place . The impressive line up of guests is a point of interest , with Motion Man , Keith and Del trying their best to liven up this mostly dull offering to no avail . The beats are somewhat passable mish-mash of ` ghoulish ' horror movie sounds and electro bleeping that may have sounded dope in the hands of a capable mc . ` Granulated MC ' is one of the better examples of when things come together , Tom C 's beat is an effective combination of muted bass lines and bizarre electronic layers but it 's still the kind of thing Kurt Matlin probably would have thrown in the garbage . ultimately the lion 's share of the blame falls on dopestyle shoulders as his wack flows and stupid lyrics bury this album completely . Sure i guess his style is ` unique ' but this it 's one of those rare cases where being distinctive produces blank ends . His voice simply lacks the personality and charisma to pull off this sort of material . Dopestyle 1231 could never be accused of being generic and deserve credit for at trying to do something different in a genre that 's saturated with copycats and faceless mediocrity . it 's this and _ only _ this factor alone that makes this wayward experiment seem like an admirable failure of sorts . Why Kutmasta Kurt decided to give this his seal of approval is beyond me . I guess his complete absence on the production front speaks volumes
 I bought this CD not knowing anything about Dopestyle , but knowing that Kut Masta Kurt 's production is second-to-none . Trouble is , Kut Masta Kurt did n't actually produce this album , no matter what the title suggests . The beats are done by someone else entirely , and they are n't nearly as good as anything Kurt 's done.As for Dopestyle 's lyrics , I did n't care for them either . Lots of the time , the lyrics seemed like a string of words thrown together almost at random.I 'm sure there are people out there who 'll love this album . I hated it . Make sure you at the very least check the samples before you buy this .
 I really like all three artists who contributed to this album and have many of their other albums . I know my African music , traditional and contemporary . And I 'm into jazz . So I was excited to find this one but after listening to it a couple of times , I am starting to believe that my cat was singing background vocals . Ow , my ears ! I ca n't even quite put my finger on it why . I WANTED to like this album so bad but I just really do n't find anything appealing about it . I was looking hard for things to love about it . But I ca n't . Ah well , there will be takers . I 'm just not one of them .
 I am a long time TESLA fan . I can still remember driving in my '79 Camaro listening to the local rock radio station in the mid-80 's when they began playing a song by a new band called `` Little Suzi '' . I loved how they combined the acoustic guitar at the beginning , then rocked out on the rest of the tune . Kind of like another early favorite of mine , HEART . I was hooked once I purchased Mechanical Resonance . It was fantastic from start to finish.My wife bought me this disc because she thought that it was something I did n't have . Since it said on the package that it was recorded `` Live '' I knew it was n't just a compilation cd of their music.Once I began listening to it , I recognized some of Jeff Keith 's banter between song 's , and that he mentioned La Cross -LRB- Wisconsin -RRB- and St Louis . It was then that I realised this was simply a shorter , edited version of another BMG release
 In terms of the music contained herein this is a nice compilation of the Detroit quartet 's recordings for the Volt label . But to call it `` The Best Of The Mad Lads '' is nothing short of ludicrous.Not only does it omit Do n't Have To Shop Around -LSB- only their first hit ever and their second-best at # 11 R&B ; / # 93 Billboard Hot 100 in late 1965 -RSB- , as well as its flipside , Tear Maker , it also excludes their NEXT FOUR hits , including their best ever , and all of their flipsides as well . How anyone can label something like this a `` best of '' collection and get away with it is beyond me.As a follow-up release , I Want Someone became their greatest hit single , going to # 10 R&B ; / # 74 Hot 100 early in 1966 b/w Nothing Can Break Through . Several months later I Want A Girl topped out at # 16 R&B ; b/w What Will Love Tend To Make You Do ? while in December 1966 Patch My Heart reached # 41 R&B ; b/w You Mean So Much To Me.There were no hits in 1967 , but in June 1968 Whatever Hurts You made it to # 31 R&B ; b/w No Time Is Better Than Right Now . Later that October So Nice peaked at # 35 R&B ; b/w Make Room , and in July 1969 they had their seventh and final hit single , a cover of By The Time I Get To Phoenix which hit the # 28 slot on the R&B ; charts and # 84 Hot 100 b/w No Strings attached . Only these last four sides are included here.Never mentioned in the same breath as the likes of The Miracles , Four Tops , or Temptations , the foursome of Julius Green , Robert Phillips , John Gary Williams , and William Brown -LRB- the last two replaced at one stage by Sam Nelson and Quincy Clifton Billops , Jr. -RRB- nevertheless had a nice , tight harmounious sound , as you will readily hear from this collection which would rate 5 stars if it were labelled anything other than their `` best . '' That just is n't true , and for that reason I had to deduct 4 stars for the missing hits , including their two best by any definition.For the record , Billops later recorded as part of Ollie & The Nightingales as well as The Ovations .
 Richard Elliot is a great musician with a distinguishable record of great albums , but to call this THE BEST , Well ... not exactly . There is such a long list of much better tracks that would really make it worth calling it Richard 's best . C'mon , Richard , you know you can do better than this !!!
 ... and frankly , that 's not a compliment . Elliot = Taylor = James = Freeman = take your pick out of any number of other `` smooth jazz '' musicians ... ie , glorified Muzak . Not that he 's never done anything worth listening to , but do n't we already have enough CDs for dentists ' offices and hotel lobbies?If you 're looking for yet another CD that of background stuff that does n't merit paying too much attention to , this is pleasant enough . But if you 're looking for something with some real `` meat '' to it , expect to be disappointed .
 Bad synth recreations . The ones on the Television 's Greatest Hits series are real . Buy those .
 Thank you Amazon.com I have been looking for the Boss by Diana Ross for yearswithout sucess until I purchased a computer . I was overwhelmed when I locatedit on Amazon . In my opinion this is Diana at her best . Her voice is so uniqueand smooth for the songs I just LOVE the sound tracks . Thanks for the sultrylyrics by Ashford and Simpson and the voice of Diana . I give this a five star rating .
 I like funk music Ohio PLayers , Ike and Tina , Rufus , Chaka Solo . But this crap sucks . I really liked the boss but the rest just sounds really crappy and extremely outdated . As for someone who 's really young . It 's almost too outdated for me . I think her other work his alot better . Some the tracks put me to sleep !
 OK , you could go for this DVD version for thomas fans to save the endless rewinds and so on that you get to go through with a tape , but the resolution was extremely poor , and came through with lots of grainy blurred white spots etc. like a really old and worn out video tape !!! Of course the content is as good as the video , but this is not what one expects from normally crystal clear DVDs !!!
 The dvd came on time . But it was NOT in `` acceptable condition '' as stated.It was so badly scratched and not at all viewable . Plus the dvd was not secureinside the package .
 I own a number of DVDs for my two year old and this is the worse one I 've seen by far . In addition to the menu problems mentioned in other reviews -LRB- and please quit telling us we can skip the ads with the `` menu '' or `` fast forward '' button because we do n't all own the same DVD player as you -RRB- , the quality of this DVD is just poor . It looks like someone just spliced segments together with no regard for the end product . I did not sit through the whole thing , but the first two segments I watched had the audio clipped at the beginning and end in a very noticeable fashion . This would have been easily caught before production if someone had taken the time to watch what they created . I 've been buying/renting DVDs for five years now and the only DVD I 've seen that 's worse than this is the notorious Highlander DVD . If your toddler is n't a Thomas fan , buy something else from Baby Einstein or Sesame Street and you 'll be much happier with it .
 We love Thomas , his stories , the lessons , the whole package . The stories are great , but the DVD stinks , why
 This DVD forces you to watch boatloads of commercials . It will not allow you to skip or even fast forward through them .
 Boy something else ! For example , if you must buy Thomas , then buy the VHS version ... NOT the DVD.I 'm all for DVD . I was an early adopter and love the image quality . Remember years ago when you switched from tape to CD and loved the random-access ? No more forever fast-forwarding and rewinding . DVD promises the same ? Depends on the producer . We have all of the Thomas DVDs and they are all the same
 I bought the DVD version and I have to have my child sit through a five minute long boring commercial EVERY TIME we watch the video . I was upset that the skip , fast foward and menu options were disabled during this commercial . I took it back and bought VHS .
 The DVD has a terrible amount of advertising that you 're forced to watch before you can see any of the Thomas stories . It 's advertising other Thomas products , so it 's actually interesting the first time through . But you 'll be forced to watch the advertising EVERY time you play this . Other DVDs are programmed so you can jump straight to the menu and skip the advertising . Not this one.Once you run the advertising gauntlet and earn the right to watch videos , they 're excellent as always . But given that all the Thomas collections are excellent , you should buy something other than this one .
 My kids love Thomas , and have many of the vhs tapes . I was looking forward to this dvd for the typical reasons -LRB- better picture , easier to navigate ... -RRB- . Unfortunately you CAN NOT skip over the 5 MINUTES of COMMERCIALS at the outset of this DVD , which negates one of the key advantages of DVD . This is especially galling for a children 's product .
 first off ... let me say I am a huge everclear fan . I 've seen them live plenty of times and love every record they put out . That said ... I 've listened to this record twice and tried my hardest to like it ... but after two attempts ... I sold it back . . the songs do n't make any sense to me ... they have no flow and just basically sound like noise I could make in my basement ... after seeing all of the positive reviews I feel someone has to take the other side of the debate
 Having enjoyed `` Songs from an American Movie , Part One '' , I decided to risk buying this one . I prefer listening to classical music , sometimes bluegrass , but the song `` Wonderful '' provoked me to explore Everclear 's music . I did n't think the journey would be complete without listening to this album . Sadly , it 's bloated , repetitive , noisy without redeeming lyrics or musical spice , and lacking in great songs . Rehashing old pain can be counterproductive , and I think this album proves it.It has little new or worthwhile to say.I should state that , prior to hearing the album , I found some of the lyrics interesting . As usual , they deal with personal problems
 It takes a lot for me to give this album , especially an Everclear album , one measly little star . But , this album deserves nothing more than one star , so sad to say.Having been a fan of this band 's music for many years now , even when all my friends said , `` You like Everclear ? All their stuff sounds the same ... '' it hurts me now to have to tell you all not to buy this CD . I listened to both `` Sparkle And Fade '' and `` So Much For The Afterglow '' until the CDs melted and my ears bled , but their past two outings , the `` American Movie Volumes , '' have left me unsatisfied and uninterested in the band . Please , for the sake of those that like Everclear 's early work do n't listen to these new albums , especially `` Volume II , '' which I have n't put back in my CD player for weeks.So sad , so sad ... I gave them a chance . I think I 'll just revisit `` Sparkle '' and `` Afterglow '' from now on .
 Everclear spoke of true middle-American troubles on their first album . Well , they apparently living the high life and have bought that big house on the west-side now because it comes through loud and clear on this album . This is pure sugary-radio pop rock at its worst . If you liked the first album , you wo n't like this one . If you like ` Nsync , you 'll like this one .
 I am a fan of Everclear 's last two albums -LRB- So Much for the Afterglow , and `` Songs from an american movie part 1 -RRB- but when I heard this one I was SHOCKED , when they said EXPLICIT LYRICS they were not kidding . If you edited a couple of these songs you 'd have to take out the entire chorus . I was bitterly disappointed . And as I say , I am a fan of the last two Everclear CD 's but this one ... yuck .
 Ahh well Everclear the masters of three chords , entire songs containing five words or less and disguising one song as a whole albulm , wait no , a whole career have done it again . Exactly . I thouhgt people would stop listing to these guys about '95 but I have to hand it to the brilliant `` artists '' at Everclear and of course there even more sly record producers and radio `` pushers '' who keep selling this trash over and over again to the rebelent youth masses . Congrats . And if your a `` real '' fan dont worry Im sure this group will have a long and healthy career producing the same sounding songs for years to come .
 What little `` Volume 1 '' had to offer , `` Volume 2 '' has even less.There is not one single memorable tune . It 's all Everclear-sounding songs , but nothing that jumps out and says , `` Hey , listen to me again ! `` Competently done , well played , well produced ... but utterly inconsequential . `` Rock Star '' even sounds like an Everclear cover band song , like somebody was trying to imitate Alexakis and company.This was WAY boring , I thought .
 This cd could chase a music fan away from ever buying another cd from Amazon . It 's that bad . Garth - please just hold your guitar and do n't play it . You know , like you usually do .
 Be afraid - be very afraid . Because of his popularity , it may encourage other no-talent musicians to keep recording . Why not ? Look what Garth has done with very damn little talent . This cd is solid proof .
 An insult to the old-time country stars . This in nothing more than countrified-pop . What whould Hank and Willie think ?
 This band is nothing like Clutch who actually have talent . I confess , I may be too old for this band . It seems that they are trying to appeal to an audience of young teens . Anyone who has read any of my other reviews knows that I am no fan of `` devil-boy '' vocals . This band is . But that is not all . They also have no musical ability whatsoever . When I saw the song titles , I was expecting somethong epic . Instaed , I got moaning and growling and badly played music -LRB- ? -RRB- with horrible production . This album may well be the worst disc I own and maybe that I have ever heard . It is as if these youths were trying to compose a sound track for a horror movie made in a friend 's basement . It is too bad Mom and Dad did ` nt put a stop to this .
 This album should have been great . It 's a great idea but the execution is lacking . The symphonic arrangements are competent but the sound is n't nearly as impressive as an average Telarc release . The cameo vocal performances by various special guests are reasonably good but generally uninteresting . The surprise highlight is Adrian Baker 's vocal labyrinth on `` Warmth of the Sun '' .
 I thought I was buying the 2 CD set , so was rather disappointed when I received the one with only 1 CD.The 2 CD set includes the track , Hold That Sucker Down , probably the best track on the set . Without this song to listen to , I find the single CD rather a waste of money .
 i bought this cd at a thriftstore . glad i only gave a dollar for it . i 'm giving it one star for ocean waves and thunderstorms . Autumn Breeze .
 I have a tap as well . But I never let it run for an hour .
 All down hill from here for country music
 This album , like the rest of Garth 's collection , is over rated for the most part . I respect his position and his fame , but when I listen to this album and others and I reminded that he is a commercial creation and not a talented artists.There is not a single song on this album that stays with you after listening to it . I really expected better of him ! Tim McGraw is more heart and soul country - Garth tries but it falls flat.Unlike Elvis whose early tracks such as on Sun Records are classics , early Garth is not much better than later Garth.I 'm sorry , but this album is a let down .
 As a former Garth fan , I must admit that he really is n't that good . Likely a fad that I will look back on and laugh . Garth had a good roll , but this cd and really all his others too are quite poor musically .
 I 'M Hardly A Fan OF Garth Brooks Music.cuz all of his Albums sound the exact same.in fact for me he has had only 5 Good solid songs for his Career.but two of them are Here on this Debut.The Dance which is a Great song . & If Tomorrow never comes.that songs is very honest.in fact My favorite of his.but the rest of the Album just Like the rest of His Music is pure Formula & Predictable .
 I am not a big fan of traditional country music , so this isnt among my favorite Garth CD 's . However , it is a very good debut album overall . Includes the only song Garth ever wrote alone `` Not Counting You '' Also includes the classics `` If Tomorrow Never Comes '' `` The Dance '' , and `` Much Too Young To Feel This Damn Old '' Very good !!
 Like most of Garth Brook 's CDs , this one is average . The best songs on here are `` The Dance '' and `` If Tomorrow Never Comes '' . Recording techniques using ultra modern equipment make anyone sound good but if you have ever seen this man perform live . . and I have ... he tends to go flat very often and can not maintain his pitch . They can make anyone sound good on the records but the real proof of a good singer is in hearing them live . In Garth 's case he does a lot of screaming and banging and breaking guitars but the man really can not carry a tune to save his life .
 Not only is this a collection of remakes , but they are n't even recorded with real instruments . This is a computer-generated waste of time and money . Do a little homework and a little legwork , and you can find real soundtrack versions of some of these tunes - or at least something a lot better than this swill .
 I was disappointed in this product due to it being horribly warped . So far it plays OK but you can hear a distortion of the Music and Vocals .
 Bland and unorignal , this album contains too much of the slick pop that dominated Dolly 's career duing the late 70 's and early 80 's . Now that she is beginning to embrace her roots again it is time to forget about this sad chapter in her career .
 This was the album that began Dolly 's sellout period . Abandoning her country roots for a slick , glossy , Hollywood production she recorded a set of mostly forgettable songs -LRB- the title track is as generic as they come -RRB- and thus , of course , sold a ton of records to a bunch of people who knew nothing about country music . This blueprint has now become an example for Shania Twain and countless others more interested in making lots of money then they are in making exciting music.This is a real shame as so much of her music from her country roots is out of print in favor of umpteen compilations with `` I Will Always Love You '' and the title track to this album -LRB- among others -RRB- , while her much more compelling music is no longer available .
 For anyone who has spent the past 20 years or so writing off Parton as merely an icon of American kitsch , this album is a big reason why . With this album Parton made a conscious effort to leave her country roots behind and go for the big bucks that bouncy and heavily produced pop had to offer and her credibility as a writer , and musician was lost for many years as a result . To make maters worse these songs sound very dated today and the whole thing is all but unlistenalbe .
 Although clearly one of Parton 's weaker albums , `` Here You Come Again '' probably is n't her worst and indeed it does have one undeniable gem in `` It 's All Wrong , But It 's Alright '' -LRB- used to clever effect in a scene in the movie `` Norma Rae '' -RRB- . But what really sinks this album from two stars to one star is the mere fact that this is the album that to this day makes so many people refuse to take Parton seriously as the artist she often is . Therefore so much of her fine original work , and the more satisfying direction she has taken musically over the past couple of years has gone ignored by people who ca n't get the giggly , tacky pop princess out of their mind , and for that this album deserves to be shunned .
 If you should describe in One word , Silk Electric , it should be `` ECLECTIC '' , for the use of so many different music styles , you can go from Doo Wop to Disco , To Rock to 80 's R&B . The first track `` Muscles '' produced by Michael Jackson and written by him , whassup with that ? asking all the song for a muscle man with oil in his body ? , well for Diana it work well , the song became a top 10 and a Grammy Nomination , it 's a slow song praising the body of a well build man , not a song for everyone to sing along , the end of the worthy song of the album eneds here , `` So Close '' the second single that capture the Doo Woop style of the 50 's , of course in the early 80 's this song sound so bad it only cracked the top 40 in the pop charts and prompted `` Silk Electric '' to the bottom of oblivion , being the second and last single to hit the charts , `` Still In Love '' a filler ballad , `` Fool For Your Love '' this song sounds great though , it 's very similar to Blondie 's `` Call Me '' ! , so if you like that song you will loved this one , of course it 's a strange aproach of music for miss Ross but it just worked out fine , `` Turn Me Over '' it 's an interlude , that in a funny way told you to turn over the LP , and hear the other side , not neccesary any more in the CD 's , `` Who '' was the disco track , this song fits really well in the first RCA release of Diana `` Why Do Fools Fall In LOve '' , the song it 's one of the best tracks -LRB- at least this one ! -RRB- , because it 's careless , and talks about love , and it 's upbeat and easy to dance with , `` In Your Arms '' , well this song is or is not the same as `` Hold Me '' by Teddy Pendergrass and Whitney Houston , of course is produced by the same Michael Masser , but they sound to much a like and the chorus line I think is the same ! , `` Hold Me In Yours Arms tonight , this moment is for us to treasure '' ? , judge for yourself , not a great tune , `` I Am Me '' is an easy track and it 's close to join the filler group of songs ! , but , somehow it 's just works to the end . `` Love Lies '' sound a little old , but for my taste is and melancolic ballad that saves Silk Electric to almost becoming a total boring album . `` Anywhere You Run To '' it 's another song that fits nicely although it 's sound old too , but manages to keep it with the `` Silk Electric '' mood , in the end In my own point of view , `` Silk Electric '' was one of the few album that Diana Ross failed to keep up as a classic , for any Diana fan this album should be a must have , but for a casual listener , the Greatedt Hits RCA Years , will fit you great . The Cover Art of the Album made by Andy Warhol make you think this one was going to be funky like `` Mirror Mirror '' , but do n't let it fool you .
 What I find odd with Silk Electric -LRB- 1982 -RRB- being certified Gold is the fact that it was one of the worse studio albums in Diana Ross ' career . Its strange as albums like the electric Eaten Alive -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and the sensational and divine Red Hot Rhythm And Blues -LRB- 1987 -RRB- on RCA were relativley poor sellers . Whilst not being quite as bland and dull as the dreary affair of her next album , Ross -LRB- 1983 -RRB- theres very little to recommend it -LRB- contrary to my last review on this site I wrote some time time ago -RRB- . The music is completley white-washed , the soulful feel of her previous output was totally drained and the finished result overall is a rather dreamy and unexciting set of songs geared more toward the Rock market than that of her usual style . Though the albums landmark , Muscles went Top 10 in the U.S and glided into the U.K Top 15 , the song is a little indistinguishable for Diana Ross . After all this was a lady that had given us Ai n't No Mountain High Enough , Touch Me In The Morning , Love Hangover , The Boss , Upside Down and I 'm Coming Out . Dianas performance is a little mushy where as you can easily detect Michael Jacksons distinctive backing vocal gelled neatly into the production . So Close steers into 1950 's sounding doo-wop which is washed over to give it a more contemporary feel . So Close has some merits but is lost in an over-long , rather ponderous production . Still In Love could be described as a great Diana Ross ballad and she most certainly projects a lot of emotion and genuine feeling but is somehow lacking that extra special something . Diana does her best to ignite the stormy Rock song Fool Dor Your Love which uncomfortably verges on the lines of turning into out and out Heavy Metal but her vocal pwerformance is drowned out by the over-production . Who careers along at a sluggish pace and though has merits it is yet again lost in an over-long production and not enough punch and force in the musical arrangements . Love Lies does little to liven things up where as the sickly sweet tone of In Your Arms is almost ghastly . There is some fire in Anywhere You Run To even though the song sounds dated -LRB- like the rest of the album -RRB- . One track that just manages to swim out of the pool of mediocrity is the striking Reggae/R & B arrangements of I Am Me which Diana had co-written with Janie Bradford way back in 1961 . The song has verve backed with a dynamic performance from Diana and is overly nicely orchestrated . But other than that Silk Electric serves as a disappointment -LRB- to myself at least -RRB- . I 've been a big fan of Diana Ross for years now but Silk Electric -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Ross -LRB- 1983 -RRB- and Last Time I Saw Him -LRB- 1974 -RRB- are the three studio albums of Dianas solo career that I baly play . I bought Silk Electric when I was just 9 years old back in 1989 and it still has never grown on me . Its purley a matter of opinion of course as I have indeed heard many good comments on this album from fans of the great Soul Diva so its best you judge for yourself but as a big Diana Ross fan , i 'd say this was one of her studio albums that fails to make its mark in the way most of her other albums do . Bland and unmemroable .
 In terms of the music contained herein this is a nice compilation of the Detroit quartet 's recordings for the Volt label . But to call it `` The Best Of The Mad Lads '' is nothing short of ludicrous.Not only does it omit Do n't Have To Shop Around -LSB- only their first hit ever and their second-best at # 11 R&B ; / # 93 Billboard Hot 100 in late 1965 -RSB- , as well as its flipside , Tear Maker , it also excludes their NEXT FOUR hits , including their best ever , and all of their flipsides as well . How anyone can label something like this a `` best of '' collection and get away with it is beyond me.As a follow-up release , I Want Someone became their greatest hit single , going to # 10 R&B ; / # 74 Hot 100 early in 1966 b/w Nothing Can Break Through . Several months later I Want A Girl topped out at # 16 R&B ; b/w What Will Love Tend To Make You Do ? while in December 1966 Patch My Heart reached # 41 R&B ; b/w You Mean So Much To Me.There were no hits in 1967 , but in June 1968 Whatever Hurts You made it to # 31 R&B ; b/w No Time Is Better Than Right Now . Later that October So Nice peaked at # 35 R&B ; b/w Make Room , and in July 1969 they had their seventh and final hit single , a cover of By The Time I Get To Phoenix which hit the # 28 slot on the R&B ; charts and # 84 Hot 100 b/w No Strings attached . Only these last four sides are included here.Never mentioned in the same breath as the likes of The Miracles , Four Tops , or Temptations , the foursome of Julius Green , Robert Phillips , John Gary Williams , and William Brown -LRB- the last two replaced at one stage by Sam Nelson and Quincy Clifton Billops , Jr. -RRB- nevertheless had a nice , tight harmounious sound , as you will readily hear from this collection which would rate 5 stars if it were labelled anything other than their `` best . '' That just is n't true , and for that reason I had to deduct 4 stars for the missing hits , including their two best by any definition.For the record , Billops later recorded as part of Ollie & The Nightingales as well as The Ovations .
 He was thought to be a carrier of the traditional flame . Once he got his `` foot in the door '' in the country music industry , after his first two albums , he all but killed the music genre . This is the last Garth Brooks album I ever bought , and unless he gets back to music like his first album , I 'll refuse to buy another . And I 'm far from the only one who feels this way !!!!!
 Roping The Wind might keep the Trailer Park rocking , but it does n't do much for the rest of us who recognize insincere twang from Garth Brooks Inc. . The only wind Garth is roping is between the ears of anyone who 'd actually spend their hard earned welfare cheques on it . `` Against the Grain '' sounds like Garth is musically and lyrically bankrupt , that is , to anyone with functioning eardrums . That 's the best song . Songs such as `` What She 's Doing Now '' , and `` Pappa Loves Momma '' only solidifies Brooks as this decade 's greatest snake-oil salesman .
 I agree with the guy who wrote `` Trailer Park Rock '' and disagree with PA. . By the way - if you actually were educated -LRB- as you claim -RRB- you would properly use `` there '' istead of `` their '' in your paragraph . Anyway , I do n't think Garth is a cowboy . In fact , he could n't rope squat . Certainly he 's a poor excuse for a musician . Even PA should recognize that . Rock on PA ! But watch those twisters .
 Why does this horrible garbage sell ? This album is awful . Chris Gaines is better than this because it 's more honest . This is `` poser '' country to use an old term.Ropin the wind is the same as trying to find talent in Garth . Or a reason to buy this cd .
 There are of course , several songs on this CD which are actually songs , i.e. , tracks 2-7 and 9-10 . But Lee Greenwood only wrote one of them , and it is the least melodic and the most hokey.Tracks 1 and 8 are just awful . `` Army , Navy , Air Force , Marines , ugh ! '' Puh-leeez . It 's not even good music.Not to mention the fact that one track lists two freedoms of - speech , religion - and then two freedoms from - want and fear ... a complete butchering of the First Amendment.But what else is new in our hyper-patriotic , hyper-consumerist country ?
 After 9-11 , Americans bought flags , stickers , and banners to say that they love America so much . Music artist starting to cash in on the event by releasing songs about how much they loved America . This is why I stopped listening to country for awhile , false patriotism ! If 9-11 didnt happen , Lee Greenwood 's career wouldnt have be revived and this wouldnt of sold . American 's wouldnt have so many bumper stickers saying `` we 'll never forget '' or waving flags proudly . Greenwood can thank the events of 9-11 for reviving his career , without it this cd would be sitting on a Wal Mart shelf , gathering dust for $ 5.88 .
 How can anyone take Greenwood 's album , in particular `` God Bless the U.S.A. '' seriously ? The song is replete with ultranationalistic fervor , misrepresentations , and falsehoods concerning the political reality in the United States . It is a grotesquely dogmatic diatribe guised in melodic format . As an American , I am sickened and ashamed by the popularity of this song.I like to term `` God Bless the U.S.A. '' as `` The Redneck 's National Anthem , '' because only someone with an acute deficiency in objectivity and an overabundance of blind faith would find any serious value in lyrics that have such a deficit of understanding concerning the nature and machinations of the American political system.The song 's overconfidence in the abundance of freedom in America combined with the lyrical gender exclusion during sacrificial episodes in this nation 's warfaring campaigns -LRB- which are unfortunately far too many -RRB- and its implied glorification of war , would turn any thinking , sensitive person 's stomach . This , in turn , leads one to wonder why this song finds refuge in the popular conscience of such a large segment of the American populace . The answer to such a question might be very disturbing to those of us who wish for a bright American future.Lee Greewood and the popular media should be ashamed for both performing and promulgating such distorted propaganda . We chastise other nations for hypocrisy , but when it occurs in our own backyard we seem to turn the other cheek . And we wonder why we our viewed with such hostility around the globe ...
 I do not like this CD . It has a very dark undertone to it . Creeps me out . Feels like it 'll give me nightmares . The tropical sounds and birds are great but the instruments in the back were not chosen wisely to play
 The rain sounded more like something frying in a pan and all the same all the way threw did n't care for.Thanks
 Rubalcava and Lovano might be great on their own but together they suck , at least on this cd . Like oil and water , they do not mix well . This was a major disappointment , so much so that I got rid of it . I do admit that I did hear potential for some major jams so I am willing to buy another one of his cd 's and try it , since I believe there is a monster in there but not in this one . I like Chucho Valdes , Hilton Ruiz , Ruben Gonzalez , Papo Luca , Palmieri , etc. and I thought this would be more along those lines . Mr. Rubalcava should stick to his genre . For full blown jazz I 'll listen to Art Tatum and Oscar Peterson . For dissonant jazz I listen to nobody , I do n't care how good the performer is supposed to be . Dissonant music , is n't that an oxymoron . We 'll try once more .
 I was dissapointed with this CD . The music is not what I tought it would be
 First things first
 This compilation does no justice to Isaac Hayes , his artistry or his visionary genius . Why ? Isaac was an artist whose music needed to be heard -LRB- or , more accurately , EXPERIENCED -RRB- on a full-length basis to be appreciated . While most of these songs were -LRB- out of necessity -RRB- released as singles it goes without saying that the full-length LP versions of such immortal Hayes classics as `` Walk On By '' , `` I Stand Accused '' , `` The Look Of Love '' , `` Joy '' and `` Never Can Say Goodbye '' were what sold their respective parent albums . If you really want a compilation of Isaac 's hits then I recommend getting the now-deleted `` Best of Isaac Hayes '' Volumes 1 & 2 -LRB- both released in 1986 -RRB- as these at least give you the original album versions without any -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- editing .
 Was NOT impressed . Not much to it either ... very short CD with only a few tracks .
 Was NOT impressed . Not much to it either ... very short CD with only a few tracks .
 but it sounds like running bath water . I too have had exposure to real woods , real rivers - this is not it .
 I 'm sorry , but the Boredoms doing Psychedelic does n't seem right to me . I was expecting somewhat more avant-guarde noise , so I had to check the disk to make sure that they did n't insert a Kraftwork CD in the case by mistake . At least I still have The Ruins and Yoshida Tatsuya 's other side projects . I was disapointed , but if you are abit afraid of the more avante-guarde material , you might find this enjoyable , especially as background music .
 Unfortunately , the tune selection is good but the listening quality is not . I had to turn my CD player way up to get any kind of depth . The lack of clarity alone causes me not to reach for this CD . There are other CDs available with more talent and clarity . Too bad , because there were some good traditional tunes on the CD .
 I got this for me birthday as I am a HUGE fan of bagpipe music . The first songs I listened to were absolute rubbish . They absolutely butchered some of my favorite songs like `` The Mist Covered Mountains '' and `` Amazing Grace '' .
 Apparently the company `` LaserLight Digital '' that produced this CD -LRB- and another Bagpipe selection offered here -RRB- has decided to invest more in the CD cover than the audio equipment . Poor quality . Avoid .
 The recording quality was not very good . There are much better recording of this great singer .
 The reason why sales means nothing as far as quality music goes -LRB- as questioned by PA below -RRB- is the following list of hugely popular `` musicians '' ; The Monkeys , Bay City Rollers , Back Street Boys , Spice Girls , Billy Ray Cyrus . Now do you understand why Garth 's huge sales do n't mean squat . We are not sheep here . The Garth Brooks Corporation is gigantic . A large number of well-crafted businessmen with a PR plan that makes the WWF jealous . Anyway , about the cd . It 's bad . I do n't care how many were sold . Listening to this cd gives me an achy breaky heart .
 for those that say `` well 5 million people bought the album , they cant be wrong '' . Well yes they can , some wont like it . Plus about 1 billion of us that have stereos wont buy it .
 This cd bloody well bites . I got a bloody right to say . Bites It bloody well bites
 Hey guys , I did n't have a turkey baster or ice pick handy , but what I can say is that NO FENCES could be too high to keep me in a musical prison playing this cd .
 The silly little days of G A R T H - are over.Thank the Lord and pass the turkey baster . This CD is B R U T A L !
 i mean one star is too much . garth brooks reiks . why wasnt he a victim of the texas chainsaw massacre , lol ?!?!? try out some Zombie , some real good music
 How can somebody be so far from deep , real , thought-provoking musci ? I do n't think anybody knows . Garth Brooks epitimises terrible music , there is no way that you can get any worse . No possible way . Not even pop like Britney Spears and N ' Sync is worse than is worse than him . If there was one kind of music that I wish never existed , it would be country . I mean , WHAT EXACATLY IS SO GOOD ABOUT IT ?!?!?!
 This cd is Garth still a bit innocent and trying different styles . While bland , it still is not nearly as arrogant as his later releases such as the song , `` It was your song '' from the live , 2 cd set . That song is 1 % talent and 99 % ego . This cd is better only in comparison to how far he would fall afterwards .
 Garth Brooks is to Country what the Disco era Bee Gees are to Rock 'n' Roll
 I fought off the urge to ram a turkey baster in my ear - but thought an ice-pick might relieve the pain of listening to this CD even more . To call this CD an abismal piece of drivel would be to disrespect things that truly are abismal pieces of drivel . Shucks this is even worse . `` The Thunder Rolls '' is as overblown as it is insulting to the listeners 's intellegence . Garth - your fans ca n't handle any questions more difficult than 1 -RRB- where 's the beer ? , 2 -RRB- did you gamble away the welfare cheque again , Clem ? , 3 -RRB- if my wife divorses me , is she still my sister ?
 this again . Rebel yells , monster truck pulls , and rodeos are the only things that this album is good for . Maybe I too can aspire to live in a single wide , drink Bud , and watch wrestling all day . Hopefully that day wo n't be soon .
 Jerry Garcia was a stone cold genius . The Grateful Dead was his backup band . Bob Weir 's solo work is easily as good as the solo work of Bill Wyman , Keith Moon , Dave Davies , and Clarence Clemmons . From a 40 year career this is the `` best '' they could come up with ?
 Gonzalo is a fantastic pianist . This CD however is meant to capture his more thoughtful and sensitive side . However , it is languid and the tunes do n't stand out . It is hard to tell if track 2 is really track 4 as the plodding bass and minimalist approach on piano make for sleepy moments - if driving later in the day . I have heard him with fire and brimstone and sometimes it goes over the edge of taste . But it is exciting . Not here . There is barely a hint of any Cuban influence in this music as well . Now some will like the gentleness I suppose , but with weak material and not much diversity , it sits pretty flat with me .
 21/2 With few exceptions , this slow paced night jazz is too meanderingly mellow , while fiery flights of latin-tinged fancy can feel familiar as well .
 This cd really deserves three stars ... I 'm giving it two to bring down the average . I hate to condemn any kind of music , and that certainly is n't my goal in writing this review , I 'm simply trying to express my opinion . Gonzalo Rubalcaba is inarguably a masterful technician and a creative and wonderful musician . I found some of the compositions featured on this disc very beautiful . Yet on almost every track the music lacks energy and excitement ; perhaps this difficult music was exciting for the performers to record , but it is very boring to listen to . Yolanda Anas has a beautiful melody , yet all throughout the performance the players seems to be meandering . Caravan has a very exciting beginning , but seems to drag on forever without direction . The two tracks with Brecker are interesting , jarring and dissonant , but largely unpleasant.As a whole I think that this music would work much better in performance than on record . I think that for a trio piano recording , the music needs to somehow grab and hold the listener 's attention . Whenever I listen to this my mind ca n't help but go elsewhere.On the other hand , this is virtuosic playing , and the group is obviously well rehearsed and tight . Furthermore , the sound is in many ways original -LRB- although strong influences shine through at some parts , like Bill Evans -RRB- . Nevertheless , this is one of my least favorite cds . If you 'd like an example of what I consider an amazing piano trio album , try Vince Guaraldi 's Charlie Brown Christmas or Ahmad Jamal 's Live at the Pershing . Those are my favorites .
 I was disappointed with this album as a whole . Maybe I 'm not used to the idea of Fusion Flamenco , but the collaborations of styles in this CD seem to only steal from the beauty and pureness of heart that I find is synonymous with Flamenco . I was influenced to buy this from someone elses rave review and now have learned to trust my instincts . Nunez is obviously talented , but I question his taste . I wish I liked the CD , but feel like I 've only wasted my sixteen bucks .
 This is only the second album I 've listened to from The Pogues . The first was Rum , Sodomy and the Lash , an album that is overlooked amidst other great punk albums . The album did not have the punk sound , to be truthful , but it had all the attitude and more originality . This is an album that just makes you think of smoky Irish pubs with the completely drunk band playing to the equally drunk crowd . RS&L is just a fun album , plain and simple.Skip forward about five or six years and they come out with Hell 's Ditch . In comes more guitarwork and mellowness ; out goes the attitude and the originality . Nothing on this album lives up to the pure rollicking greatness of RS&L and that is the problem with Hell 's Ditch . There are good songs , few though , but no great ones . Every song has the same tempo , the same mellowed-out vibe , the same mediocrity , whereas every song on RS&L was its own perfect entity that when put into a package with the other songs is made even better . There are no real fast songs along the lines of ` The Sick Bed of Chuchulainn ' or ` Sally Maclennane ' and there are no great slow songs like ` Pair of Brown Eyes ' or ` The Band Played Waltzing Matilda . ' Forgive me if I 'm speaking in relative terms between two albums but to me , Hell 's Ditch is a very flawed album.The first three songs are probably the best the album offers . ` Sunnyside of the Street ' is just a little catchy number that utilizes The Pogues ' tinwhistle to success . ` Sayonara ' is the album 's best song for its up and down beat and interesting lyrics . ` Ghost of a Smile ' is one of the better real melodic songs . Still , none of these songs live up to anything off RS&L . The problem here is that The Pogues have proved before that they can be great , original , fun , perfect . They 've already made the point that they can be all these things , but they have here ditched that greatness here for conventionality.Maybe some of this has to do with producers . RS&L was produced by Elvis Costello ; Hell 's Ditch was produced by Joe Strummer of The Clash . Do n't get me wrong here . The Clash 's London Calling is one of the greatest albums ever made , hands down , and we have Joe Strummer to thank for that . However , Elvis Costello charged RS&L with the kind of low-key production that fit the band 's messy Celtic punk . Strummer has made this album with greater production values , and in some way that takes away from their punk sensibility -LRB- a somehow paradoxic sentence as The Clash could be the greatest punk band to walk this earth -RRB- and their passion for old Irish music , the very thing perhaps that made RS&L so original . Take away the punk leanings and the Celtic spirit and The Pogues are just another poppy band , one with a few more members than others.So this is what I say to any potential listeners
 More than hell it was twilight zone ! Pogues at their lowest with a bunch of irish-oriental-like style songs with Shane booking for a desert island one way trip . Few sparkles of old genius -LRB- Lorca 's novena and hell 's ditch -RRB- are not enough to deserve a buy reccomandation . For Pogues fans only
 I bought this after hearing `` Summer in Siam '' off the `` Basquiat '' soundtrack . I love that song , but nothing else on this CD came anywhere near it . A lot of the songs sound like they are sung by an Irish Bruce Springsteen -- ugh ! I am glad I bought this puppy used . Now I am wondering if I should try a different album of theirs or just forget it .
 Slagging the Pogues is n't something I like to do , but if you 're going to be true to the bands you like , that means they have to take the criticism as well as the accolades . And the fact is , this album misses the mark by far.By any other band it might even be a 3 - or 4-star affair , but not by the Pogues . Spider Stacy claimed that ` it 's not timid ... it 's raucous when it has to be . ' but this is hogwash . The songwriting is uninteresting , the conviction of the band -LRB- especially shane 's vocals -RRB- is found wanting , and the album never really gels as a ` Pogues ' release.Matt Johnson 's subsequent TheThe releases following ` Infected ' are similar , in that they 're a total departure , and they might be saluted as an artistic -LRB- read
 The writing was on the wall by the time Peace and Love was released , but Hells Ditch , The Pogues ' fifth album , signalled the end of an era . By this album there was little left of the raw vocal and musical energy and Celtic flair that made The Pogues so famous . Instead this album awkwardly explores a wide range of musical styles , and frontman Shane MacGowan sounds so bored and drunk that the music has to carry him through the entire album . In fact he was so distant from the band by this time -- largely because of his drinking habit -- that he only sang about half the songs on the album . -LRB- Not surprisingly , this is the last Pogues album with MacGowan as a band member . -RRB- The magic was clearly gone by this time , and they never got it back . Overall this is a decent album , but is a profound letdown by Pogues standards -- hence the 2-star rating .
 I was dissapointed with this CD . The music is not what I tought it would be
 First things first
 This compilation does no justice to Isaac Hayes , his artistry or his visionary genius . Why ? Isaac was an artist whose music needed to be heard -LRB- or , more accurately , EXPERIENCED -RRB- on a full-length basis to be appreciated . While most of these songs were -LRB- out of necessity -RRB- released as singles it goes without saying that the full-length LP versions of such immortal Hayes classics as `` Walk On By '' , `` I Stand Accused '' , `` The Look Of Love '' , `` Joy '' and `` Never Can Say Goodbye '' were what sold their respective parent albums . If you really want a compilation of Isaac 's hits then I recommend getting the now-deleted `` Best of Isaac Hayes '' Volumes 1 & 2 -LRB- both released in 1986 -RRB- as these at least give you the original album versions without any -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- editing .
 I 'm sorry but I saw her live and I found her obnoxious , insulting , and ridiculous . I know blues music , real blues music and this is not it . Try the legendary Ella Fitzgerald , a woman she was so quick to insult at the concert I attended . Ella was blues - this woman is not .
 The polka music on this cd is great . However , they made the mistake of putting lame vocals on every song . With no vocals , this would have been a great cd .
 I am a fan of Everclear 's last two albums -LRB- So Much for the Afterglow , and `` Songs from an american movie part 1 -RRB- but when I heard this one I was SHOCKED , when they said EXPLICIT LYRICS they were not kidding . If you edited a couple of these songs you 'd have to take out the entire chorus . I was bitterly disappointed . And as I say , I am a fan of the last two Everclear CD 's but this one ... yuck .
 Ahh well Everclear the masters of three chords , entire songs containing five words or less and disguising one song as a whole albulm , wait no , a whole career have done it again . Exactly . I thouhgt people would stop listing to these guys about '95 but I have to hand it to the brilliant `` artists '' at Everclear and of course there even more sly record producers and radio `` pushers '' who keep selling this trash over and over again to the rebelent youth masses . Congrats . And if your a `` real '' fan dont worry Im sure this group will have a long and healthy career producing the same sounding songs for years to come .
 first off ... let me say I am a huge everclear fan . I 've seen them live plenty of times and love every record they put out . That said ... I 've listened to this record twice and tried my hardest to like it ... but after two attempts ... I sold it back . . the songs do n't make any sense to me ... they have no flow and just basically sound like noise I could make in my basement ... after seeing all of the positive reviews I feel someone has to take the other side of the debate
 Having enjoyed `` Songs from an American Movie , Part One '' , I decided to risk buying this one . I prefer listening to classical music , sometimes bluegrass , but the song `` Wonderful '' provoked me to explore Everclear 's music . I did n't think the journey would be complete without listening to this album . Sadly , it 's bloated , repetitive , noisy without redeeming lyrics or musical spice , and lacking in great songs . Rehashing old pain can be counterproductive , and I think this album proves it.It has little new or worthwhile to say.I should state that , prior to hearing the album , I found some of the lyrics interesting . As usual , they deal with personal problems
 It takes a lot for me to give this album , especially an Everclear album , one measly little star . But , this album deserves nothing more than one star , so sad to say.Having been a fan of this band 's music for many years now , even when all my friends said , `` You like Everclear ? All their stuff sounds the same ... '' it hurts me now to have to tell you all not to buy this CD . I listened to both `` Sparkle And Fade '' and `` So Much For The Afterglow '' until the CDs melted and my ears bled , but their past two outings , the `` American Movie Volumes , '' have left me unsatisfied and uninterested in the band . Please , for the sake of those that like Everclear 's early work do n't listen to these new albums , especially `` Volume II , '' which I have n't put back in my CD player for weeks.So sad , so sad ... I gave them a chance . I think I 'll just revisit `` Sparkle '' and `` Afterglow '' from now on .
 Everclear spoke of true middle-American troubles on their first album . Well , they apparently living the high life and have bought that big house on the west-side now because it comes through loud and clear on this album . This is pure sugary-radio pop rock at its worst . If you liked the first album , you wo n't like this one . If you like ` Nsync , you 'll like this one .
 What little `` Volume 1 '' had to offer , `` Volume 2 '' has even less.There is not one single memorable tune . It 's all Everclear-sounding songs , but nothing that jumps out and says , `` Hey , listen to me again ! `` Competently done , well played , well produced ... but utterly inconsequential . `` Rock Star '' even sounds like an Everclear cover band song , like somebody was trying to imitate Alexakis and company.This was WAY boring , I thought .
 I wanted to love this album but I just could n't . I had heard a track or two on Pandora and thought this was going to be a really special jazz album . Unfortunately , I found it pretty ordinary and uninspiring . I still love that one track -LRB- You Leave Me Breathless -RRB- ; just wish I could have purchased the song by itself but iTunes does n't have the album . They have other Eden Atwood albums , but not this one . Now I know why ...
 They have had this in the works for years , and all they could come up with is the same material most of us die-hard fans already have ? Why bother releasing it ? Sony never had time to properly promote the band when they were successful on the label and now they are trying to sell this cheap knock-off to the fans at a not-so-cheap price . Not to mention we ca n't even properly play the DVD on our USA DVD-players . This item is not worth the money , especially if they ca n't even take the time to include rare material and release it officially in the U.S. for the fans that helped make Savage Garden successful to begin with . Highly disappointed with this product .
 Well , I bought this one because there 's one song from the `` Story of a Young Heart '' LP , which has still never been released on CD , and that song is Never Again -LRB- The Dancer -RRB- . All other songs have shown up on various Flock of Seagulls collections . This is the track listing :1 . I Ran2 . Space Age Love Song3 . Telecommunication4 . You Can Run5 . What Am I Supposed to Do6 . The Traveller7 . Never Again8 . Electrics9 . Over my Head10 . The EndIf they 'd just release that final album on CD , we would n't need all these stray hits collections floating around ...
 Before anyone thinks I 'm being too harsh it should be noted that I anxiously awaited a new album from Delerium for quite some time . I have listened to Poem several times and have tried to like it but it just seems impossible . Karma may have had it 's down points which were mainly in it 's lack of originality , but overall it was still a beautiful and timeless album that actually had power and depth to it . Poem however , is nothing short of an obvious attempt to appeal the mass market , top 40 listening crowd and in the process has lost it 's sound . It is also quite clear that Rhys Fulber parting ways with Bill Leeb has proven to be detrimental to Delerium , as well is the absense of Kristy Thirsk who has mysteriously vanished from the Delerium line-up . What 's even more interesting is that two of the better -LRB- although no where near outstanding -RRB- tracks , ` Terra Firma ' and ` Temptation ' have been deleted from recent editions of the album and have been replaced with ` Inner Sanctum ' and ` Silence -LRB- airscape remix -RRB- ' . ` Inner Sanctum ' is beautiful because it has the electronic and layered feel of how the songs on Karma sounded with sweeping and smooth vocals . Unfortunately the rest of Poem sounds nothing like this . Instead , the album is full of depressing acoustic guitars , sappy folk pop melodies , dull rhythms and in some parts live drums , with about the most annoying and whining vocals I 've ever heard . The songs lack strength - they lack power and mystery - and most of them sound the same . Most of the songs come off as being weak and thin without any real soul to them . But of course they 've still added a few Gregorian and African chants in some parts which sound quite pale and lifeless on here . Even the monks sounded tired - the children cooing in the backround sounded tired - everyone sounded like they were about to fall asleep on here except for the Medieavel Baebes who seemed to be bouncing off the walls with glee . I also greatly miss the lack of instrumentals on this album which is something Delerium was always very good at since they started out creating instrumental music in the first place . There is simply too much singing on this album . There are also some samples of Massive Attack and Enigma on here as well - the Massive Attack sampling is a new one for them , but by now I am so sick of hearing them sample from Enigma . It makes Delerium seem so cliched and unoriginal -LRB- even the cover artwork looks generic and uninspired -RRB- . Bottom line is , Poem ai n't no Karma , it 's not even as good as Semantic Spaces . If you like pop rock music with a folk bent and a bunch of girls who sound like teenagers singing than this album might be just the thing for you . Perhaps some of the songs do n't sound so bad on there own like if you were to hear them on the radio or what not , but when comparing them to the songs on Karma -LRB- remember Silence featuring Sarah Mclachlan ?? -RRB- they ca n't hold a candle to any of them . ` Daylight ' featuring Matthew Sweet would make for a great pop hit , but coming from Delerium it sounds like a real joke . The only reason I give Poem 2 stars and not 1 , is because of the couple of descent tracks and for the fact that it 's still better than most the music you 'd hear on the radio . Still , I have to admit I dislike Poem not because it is n't a replica of Karma , but rather because it sounds so generic and is so void of substance .
 The sad thing is , I really tried to like this cd , honestly . I liked KARMA alot - so maybe it did have a few weak spots and was n't the most original piece of work . However , it 's stunning vocal performances and strong melodies really made up for the whole Enigma rip-off/wannabe thing they 're accused of doing so much . That was n't exactly my issue with POEM though . Yes I 'll admit , Delerium 's recycling of samples from other bands have become tiring and are a bit of an annoyance to me , and on POEM that element seemed about 100 times more annoying for some reason . I assume it 's because this time around the attempt to land commercial success seems overly forced on this album . There are simply too many vocals on this cd that make me think names were drawn at random out of a hat when deciding who to feature on this album . Sarah Mclachlan on KARMA was one thing , but Leigh Nash ?? Matthew Sweet ??? That just seems ridiculous and so obvious as trying to garn mainstream attention . Whatever happend to the quality instrumental tracks Delerium so skillfully does ? What about the angelic layered vocals of Kristy Thirsk who 's mysteriously vanished from the Delerium line-up ? And most of all , what happened to Rhys Fulber - the true inspiration behind the project ? I simply ca n't get into the strumming guitars , the dull melodies , or the stale samples on POEM . The only track I really liked was `` Inner Sanctum '' from the bonus cd . The rest is ... I 'm sorry ... but pure commercial garbage . Maybe someone else can get into it and that 's great , but thankfully I 've discovered other great artists like La Floa Maldita and My Scarlet Life to help me get over the dissapointment with this album .
 I would have just bought myself a Lilith Fair album . I 'm sorry but this has got to be the worst Delerium album to date and it 's not because it does n't sound like `` Karma '' or `` Semantic Spaces '' . This music is just cheesy , corny and sappy and contains to originality or creativity whatsoever . Infact , I do n't even consider this Delerium , it 's shallow and pretensious commercial trash . `` Inner Sanctum '' is the only song I 'm thoroughly impressed with -LRB- which is why I gave it two stars and not one -RRB- because it shows off what Bill Leeb is truely gifted at -LRB- and should stick with -RRB- - electronic music , not this try hard female folk/acoustic music that 's so trendy at the moment . And the vocals ... forget it , they 're just aweful . They sound like crude amatur attempts to immitate Sarah Mclachlan and are the core focus of the album . Every song sounds like someone else 's music . What 's even worse is that they still threw in ethnic and Enigma samples so they could still pass it off as `` world '' or `` newage '' which is a total joke ... Hopefully Delerium will get it right next time around .
 Forget it . They 've gone completely commercial and every song is construtected to be a `` hit '' . All the haunting electronics that made their earlier albums so beautiful and interesting to listen to are gone . The `` lovely '' voices overwhelm the music on this album , and the instrumentation is conservative and cliched.In their effort to sell more cd 's in the pop market they lost the creative edge that got them there and have created a truly boring cd . Disappointing .
 Despite the grandeur of `` Underwater '' on the first CD of this set and the excellence of the 2nd CD , I was overall disappointed with this release . It was prevalent that Delerium was heading this direction ever since `` Semantic Spaces '' but I would n't have expected it to happen this early . Kristy Thirsk was already pushing Delerium 's style off the edge , however , it was a good combination . This CD is the landmark of Delerium 's fall into commerciality . If you 're into the popular type of stuff , then you might like this CD , but for someone that still prefers something such as `` Karma '' , this just is n't for you.I hope Bill Leeb is getting enough cash off this , maybe he can do better with his already excellent projects such as Front Line Assembly .
 After the largly successful album `` Karma '' it was believed that Delerium would do one of two things on their follow-up cd . 1 . They could simply stick with the world music/ambient sound and appeal to the Enigma crowd which made them popular in the first place be it generic or 2 . They 'd deliver an album packed with banging trance tunes which gave the `` Silence '' single such internatial success and put their name on the musical map . ` Poem ' however , is neither one of these . Granted , there are a few tracks that could be considered ` ambient ' or ` world ' but for the most part what you 've got is a very plain top 40 sounding album . There is no doubt that is album was geared to appeal to the whole Sarah Mclachlan , female acoustic/folk crowd , and that would 've been fine by me had they been doing that kind of music all along . Rather , I get a sense that Bill Leeb does nothing more than jump on the bandwagon of whatever style of music is `` in '' at the moment making much his works seem very pretentious in my opinion . This album is no exception . Some call it `` diversity '' . I call it `` selling out '' . What 's even worse is as usual he failed to give sample credits where needed ... this time being to -LRB- once again * sigh * -RRB- Enigma , Monica Ramos , Ottmar Liebert and Massive Attack -LRB- and man did MA get ripped off really bad on here ! -RRB- . Further more , I was suprised to see this album on Billboard 's New Age charts as this is anything but an album that fits into such a genre and belongs in a stack of pop/top 40 cds . In fact , I 'd say a total of three tracks are worth listening to , `` Terra Firma '' , `` Temptation '' , and `` Among the Ruins '' , the rest of the tracks all sound alike , and even those three are still nothing great in themselves and they sound largly out of place in comparission with the rest of the music on this cd . I have to admit I think this is by far Delerium 's worst album!To put it as directly as possible , ` Poem ' is too plain and cliche ' sounding and the vocal performances seem too forced and downright corny for the most part.My advice
 Before anyone thinks I 'm being too harsh it should be noted that I anxiously awaited a new album from Delerium for quite some time . I have listened to Poem several times and have tried to like it but it just seems impossible . Karma may have had it 's down points which were mainly in it 's lack of originality , but overall it was still a beautiful and timeless album that actually had power and depth to it . Poem however , is nothing short of an obvious attempt to appeal the mass market , top 40 listening crowd and in the process has lost it 's sound . It is also quite clear that Rhys Fulber parting ways with Bill Leeb has proven to be detrimental to Delerium , as well is the absense of Kristy Thirsk who has mysteriously vanished from the Delerium line-up . What 's even more interesting is that two of the better -LRB- although no where near outstanding -RRB- tracks , ` Terra Firma ' and ` Temptation ' have been deleted from recent editions of the album and have been replaced with ` Inner Sanctum ' and ` Silence -LRB- airscape remix -RRB- ' . ` Inner Sanctum ' is beautiful because it has the electronic and layered feel of how the songs on Karma sounded with sweeping and smooth vocals . Unfortunately the rest of Poem sounds nothing like this . Instead , the album is full of depressing acoustic guitars , sappy folk pop melodies , dull rhythms and in some parts live drums , with about the most annoying and whining vocals I 've ever heard . The songs lack strength - they lack power and mystery - and most of them sound the same . Most of the songs come off as being weak and thin without any real soul to them . But of course they 've still added a few Gregorian and African chants in some parts which sound quite pale and lifeless on here . Even the monks sounded tired - the children cooing in the backround sounded tired - everyone sounded like they were about to fall asleep on here except for the Medieavel Baebes who seemed to be bouncing off the walls with glee . I also greatly miss the lack of instrumentals on this album which is something Delerium was always very good at since they started out creating instrumental music in the first place . There is simply too much singing on this album . There are also some samples of Massive Attack and Enigma on here as well - the Massive Attack sampling is a new one for them , but by now I am so sick of hearing them sample from Enigma . It makes Delerium seem so cliched and unoriginal -LRB- even the cover artwork looks generic and uninspired -RRB- . Bottom line is , Poem ai n't no Karma , it 's not even as good as Semantic Spaces . If you like pop rock music with a folk bent and a bunch of girls who sound like teenagers singing than this album might be just the thing for you . Perhaps some of the songs do n't sound so bad on there own like if you were to hear them on the radio or what not , but when comparing them to the songs on Karma -LRB- remember Silence featuring Sarah Mclachlan ?? -RRB- they ca n't hold a candle to any of them . ` Daylight ' featuring Matthew Sweet would make for a great pop hit , but coming from Delerium it sounds like a real joke . The only reason I give Poem 2 stars and not 1 , is because of the couple of descent tracks and for the fact that it 's still better than most the music you 'd hear on the radio . Still , I have to admit I dislike Poem not because it is n't a replica of Karma , but rather because it sounds so generic and is so void of substance .
 I bought `` Karma '' a few years ago . It was the first thing I had ever heard by Delerium and I was blown away . So , when I saw that `` Poem '' had been released , I eagerly snatched it up . What I got was a big disappointment once the disc started to play . The whole CD reminded me too much of a group who had a hit and now wanted to reproduce the same success by not evolving in any way . Did they really need another remix of `` Silence '' featuring Sarah McLachlan ?
 Been waiting for four years for the next Delerium album , but when peom came out for the 4th release , has n't what I had expected from Bill leeb.This album is focus on singing with special artist , I was hoping for alots of instrumental beat music with gregorian chant and other culture sound.There a few song with gregorian chant which you might like , is call TERRA FIRMA & AMONGST THE RUINS.I do n't know why Bill Leeb would do this , Mr.Leeb did great on the last two album Semantic Spaces & Karma.Poem does n't do it for me , there 's about 8 tracks with artist that sing and sing.Delerium Peom fail BIG TIME so I am dissappionted .
 While I agree with the saying `` You ca n't judge a book by it 's cover '' I do think you can sometimes get an idea of what your instore for as was the case with this album . I noticed the cover artwork did n't look near as professional , beautiful , intriguing or as unique as on `` Karma '' and the music could be described as pretty much lacking the same qualities.Maybe it 's because Rhys Fulber has left the project , maybe it 's because Bill Leeb got a little sidetracked with his sudden commercial success with Delerium , or maybe it 's both.So what 's wrong with an album being `` pop '' ? Nothing - if I 'm not being decieved into believing it 's somehow ambient , newage or world music - which this definately is n't . And as far as the comparissons to Enigma go , I think it takes alot more than a few Gregorian chants and borrowed riffs to be deemed as `` similar '' -LRB- and clumsily arranged ones on here at that -RRB- . Not to mention , the vocal performances are pretty bad on this album -- and while not all the singers are especially bad , like Kirsty Hawkshaw -LRB- ft. on BT 's `` Dreaming -RRB- or Joanna Stevens -LRB- of Solar Twins -RRB- who actually have very nice voices , they somehow sound very out of place with the music and do n't compliment the melodies -- I 'd say they should stick with being featured in techno music where they belong and excell at . The folk-rock performances by Leigh Nash and Matthew Sweet should never have happened -LRB- reminds me of the kind of music featured on the ` NOW ' series -RRB- , Rami Kamal 's voice sounds too R&B to fit with the music on this cd , and Jennifer Mclaren sounds like a 10 year old girl . The opening track `` Terra Firma '' and the lengthy track `` Temptation '' are decent but reminiscent of the same old same old we 're used to hearing . In fact , the last track `` Amongst the Ruins '' is probably the best with it 's dark and haunting atmospheres -- I kinda wish the whole cd had just sounded like this one as it seems like an akward fit compared to the rest of the music on here which is simply too light and too mushy for my taste.Despite the fact that I agree with someone who said `` Poem '' sounds pretty typical of most everything else released on Nettwerk Records , I would n't go so far as to compare it with Sarah Mclachlan or their previous collaboration with `` Silence '' . None of the songs on this cd are anywhere near it in production or elligance . At least the bonus disc of `` Poem '' was worth getting in that it included the Airscape remix of `` Silence '' -LRB- the trance version you hear on dance radio and clubs -RRB- and the Deep Sky remix of `` Flowers Become Screens '' , but this standard release is a dull with same bands being recycled over and over again -LRB- how many times are they going to keep sampling from Enigma and Dead Can Dance before they say `` enough is enough '' ? -RRB- . While I am indeed very dissapointed with this album and the absence of the etherial vocal arrangements -LRB- that 's right , no Kristy Thirsk on this one ! -RRB- or lush atmospheres , there are other options when it comes to good music that could be of interest to `` Karma '' or Enigma and early Deep Forest fans . You may want to try to Lotus 's self titled album which is simply a beauty or Richard Souther 's `` Illumination '' cd.Unless Rhys Fulber decides to rejoin the project , I think I 'll put the days of Delerium behind me .
 Watching the evolution of Delerium has been like watching your little sister grow up . Ten years after birth she looks completely unlike what she did originally , but still retains some common characteristics throughout . And the end result ? Open to interpretation , but you love her nonetheless . This is how I feel about Delerium . The new album Poem is light-years removed from their first effort , Faces , Forms , and Illusions . Coming from an industrial background where I became aware of Front Line Assembly before Delerium , I think the new direction Leeb and Peterson have swerved to is not as impressive technically , structurally , or artistically . In fact , I think Delerium should have been called something else starting with Semantic Spaces . They have a lot of side-projects as it is -- what 's one more ? The sound changed so radically with that album that it did n't fit the Delerium title anymore . Not that this is a bad thing . I think Semantic Spaces and Karma are two of the best electronic albums ever , but Poem ... ? It ca n't compare to those two , much less prior Delerium releases -- my favorites being Euphoric and Spiritual Archives . Poem is different , and in some disappointing ways . The strength of Delerium has always been the electronic execution , but this has taken a back seat now to the vocals . Could this be due to the departure of Rhys Fulber ? Hmmmm , I wonder . I do n't have a problem with the vocals , but to me they do n't fit the music . There are flashes of Leeb 's talent on `` Amongst the Ruins '' and `` Terra Firma '' , but it seems like he and Chris Peterson have become more interested in making SONGS rather than COMPOSITIONS . The sounds have been stripped of their complexity , originality , and emotion , all of which are now provided by the vocalists . I wonder why , for on the latest Front Line album Implode -LRB- also by Leeb and Peterson -RRB- there are tracks that are as intricate and complicated as anything they 've ever done -LRB- `` Torched '' and `` Retribution '' come to mind -RRB- . I completely understand artists taking a step , changing and evolving , but doing so will win some fans while disappointing old ones . Leeb has done this before , most notably with the heavy guitar rhythms of Millennium , but never like this . Not at the expense of his music . Poem will represent a step forward to some , a step backward to others , but anyone who pays attention to the music itself will undoubtedly come to the conclusion that something is lacking here , especially when compared to Semantic Spaces and Karma . I 'm sure this is by design , but I do n't find Poem to be nearly as satisfying as previous releases . For people who want more of what Karma and Semantic Spaces offer , I would recommend picking up Front Line Assembly 's Implode , for the instrumental tracks `` Synthetic Forms '' and `` Silent Ceremony '' -- those are examples of electronic beauty , with all the complexity and emotion you can get from synthesizers , along with Leeb/Peterson 's genius in large portions -LRB- the rest of the album is brilliant as well -RRB- . I ca n't help but wonder what direction the evolution of Delerium will take next , but I know I 'll be first in line if/when the next album comes out . At least now , at long last , Bill Leeb is getting the recognition he deserves . -LRB- BTW -- Rhys Fulber 's solo project Conjure One is due out in Spring 2001 -RRB-
 I was anxious for this album as soon as I got Karma , however it was n't worth the wait . It lacks focus and inspiration . It is lighter than the other Delerium albums but the greater use of the constant thumping dance beat reduces this album to something less enjoyable than even the remixes of Karma . Melodies are not as memorable , voices are less clear . Essentially it 's Karma really watered down , tossed out to appeize the masses . I 'll play Karma and Semantic Spaces for years but after the 3 week run in my car juke I doubt I 'll actually pull this one out for any reason . I 'd advise you hear this one first before you buy .
 Overall , the CD is `` OK '' . Nothing special and compared to the prior releases it was shelved pretty quickly.Thirsk was to be on four tracks on this CD . She is n't anywhere to be found . Before I buy a Delirium CD in the future I 'll make sure she 's there.Don ' t expect classic tracks off of this one . I was pretty disappointed ...
 It is obvious that the band has split . KARMA WAS ONE OF THEIR BESTS AND THIS ALBUM IS NOTHING LIKE IT .
 ` Poem ' is a perfect example of what happens when an artist who has remained relatively unknown for years in the world of mainstream suddenly lands unexpected commercial success . I realize Rhys Fulber left but I still think Bill Leeb could have done a much better job with this cd . ` Karma ' started off as a pretty underground release with very few people knowing of it 's existence until Delerium landed a major hit with the song `` Silence '' -LRB- featuring Sarah Mclachlan -RRB- . I admit , I was happy for the band as I felt they were deserving of the recognition . But then something went terribly wrong - one hit just was n't enough - there had to be more . So Delerium decided to crank out an album full of radio friendly pop tunes in hopes of really making it big this time . While this may appeal to a more general audience , it certainly does n't appeal to someone like me who prefers less commercially oriented music . A few pop friendly tracks on an album is one thing , but this one really goes overboard with it and sounds too forced . ... . Actually , this sounds more like a compilation cd of various artists than anything else . The album does not hold up tightly as a whole and seems to go all over the place having a very random and uneven flow to the songs . While there are still some world samples on this cd I barely noticed them as they are much more heavily watered down . The vocalists -LRB- which appear on nearly every track -RRB- pretty much masked up any descent sounds that may have been lurking in the backround . I also did n't sense any real emotion coming from the songs and was hardly enticed by the lyrics I read in the -LRB- not so interesting looking -RRB- booklet . Nothing on here really captured me for some reason like the songs on ` Karma ' did . The songs on ` Poem ' sound pretty juvenille in comparisson actually . I also found it interesting that previously featured vocalist , Kristy Thirsk , was entirely absent from this cd which was another big let down . Did they feel her voice did n't sound pop enough to make these song hits or what ? - I wonder.Nevertheless , I 'm dissapointed and all I really can say is if you liked any of Delerium 's other albums use allot of caution before buying this one .
 I was really excited when I saw this CD -- and with a bonus disk as well ! I could n't wait to hear it . And then I could n't believe what I was hearing.Does anybody else think it 's suspicious that nothing comes out for three years and then we get ... . THIS ? I have a theory -- Bill Leeb was kidnapped and taken to France for three years , where he was forced to drink small coffees and smoke Gaulois cigarettes . And wear a beret . It is just plain wrong for a project as consistently talented as Delerium to sound like they are ripping off Air and Enigma . There is a fine line between increasing your accessibility to a discerning segment of the mainstream and selling out . I admit one album does not a sellout make ; only time will confirm or deny rumors that Leeb is working with ABBA and Stevie Nicks for his next CD , and plans to have a bikini-clad Swedish masseuse on the cover holding a can of beer and a pair of slippers.Yikes . My sister and I have never had the same taste in music , and I know she would have hated Morpheus and Euphoric , my favorites ; we could probably agree that Semantic Spaces and Karma were very good ; but she would love this album and I can barely listen to it . Ironically , the song with the cheesiest title , Amongst the Ruins , is probably the best song on either disk . -LRB- Do Goth kids even say ` amongst ' ? -RRB- Terra Firma and Innocente are okay but nothing new , and Aria has good vocals and lyrics but puff music behind it . The rest are popcorn hop . It is as if Leeb 's body was taken over by the ghost of Alan Parsons -LRB- unless Alan Parsons is still alive , then the explanation becomes more complex and far-fetched -RRB- . There are harps on here , for goodness sake!Let 's put it this way
 ` Poem ' strikes me as being formulaic . It uses many of the same elements used in creating ` Karma ' , but does n't manage to create a very cohesive work .1 . Star guest vocalist -- What is Matthew Sweet doing on here ? I do n't mind male vocals , but this does n't seem to fit well with the rest of the album . It 's fairly poppish , too . Contariwise , Sarah McLachlan on ` Karma ' fit , sounded good , and had a decent song .2 . Lisa Gerrard feature -- ` Temptation ' is decent , but not as good as ` Forgotten Worlds ' . I was more shocked than anything else that they 'd ` done this again ' , so to speak .3 . Yet more samples from the Baka Forest Pygmies . Not a bad thing , but there are also several other samples in ` Poem ' that hearken back to ` Karma ' without adding anything to * this * album .4 . -LRB- Too -RRB- many guest vocalists -- they 're not bad , but since only one of them is used twice -LRB- Joanna Stevens -RRB- , this just adds to the lack of cohesion.Overall , as stated by someone else , this is an album of singles -- and , for the most part , not very good ones . It has its moments , but lacks cohesion and ultimately reminds me of ` Karma ' sitting on my shelf , which I can then pop in and enjoy much more thoroughly as a whole .
 As hard as this is for me to say , this is a terrible Delerium CD . A previous reviewer said the singing was the cause and I agree . I find most of the singing quite boring and often covers up some good music . The CD 's only redeeming factor is the track Innocente which is fantastic . I hear this one will be released as a single so my advice is to skip Poem and buy just the single . I own many other Delerium CD 's and this one just does n't compare . Too bad .
 My son loves Thomas . He can operate the DVD player just fine . However , on these Thomas DVDs , there are 2-3 minutes of advertizing -LRB- Spam -RRB- for other DVDs before you can get to see the content . They ca n't be skipped although some players let you fast forward through them . This totally sucks . It 's hard to explain to a small child that he 'll have to wait . Although cheap for 3 dvds -LRB- ~ $ 25 at the time of writing -RRB- , since this set only contains about 30 minutes of `` actual content '' on each disc , I find that I have paid in full and should n't be forced to sit through the spam . Again , the content is fine - it 's just unbelievably rude that they do n't let you skip the ads .
 I 'm sad ! My grandson loves Thomas and when these DVD 's arrived , the cases were all cracked and 1 of the disc 's kept freezing ! Needless to say , I wo n't be buying anything from this seller ever again !
 Really enjoying these songs on CD . Nice listening to Older recordings . Would Highly recommend this album for other people
 Watch out , there 's music ! I personally do n't mind music in the background of nature CDs , but this music sounds kind of fake or synthetic , almost like the instruments were all played on an elecric piano . You could probably pick out a more enjoyable CD .
 I usually love these CDs and I own at least six . I was hoping for something to fall asleep to . Unfortunately the music is n't relaxing . I love falling asleep to thunderstorms so I thought this CD would do it but the background music is too upbeat .
 IF YOU 'RE ONE OF `` Shaq 's , Blues Reviewer 's '' loyal fans , you will already know , that Albert King is my all-time favorite electric blues guitarist 's . So if I say something negative about him , it has to be true ! I know I 'm not supposed to mention other people 's reviews , but , they either are not listening to the same CD , or their standards are awful low . Before I wrote this review , I took inventory of my Albert King CD 's , and I have `` TEN '' ! This is not the one that I would recommend for someone just getting interested in Albert , but once you become a true believer in Albert 's greatness , you may want to fill out your collection with it . So to reiterate , my earlier comments , those other people either have really low standards , or they do n't know Albert King ! This CD was recorded in 1971 , and originally released in 1986 . The sound is not of the highest quality . Albert is loved by Shaq -LRB- Obviously not from this CD ! -RRB- for his `` STRING BENDING '' , REVERBERATING SOUND ! On this CD he sounds like he 's playing in a deserted office . There is also , none of the famous `` energy '' that also made Albert famous ! Do yourself a favor , and read Shaq 's other reviews , and buy some of Albert King 's classic recordings first . !
 This album is one of the MG 's weakest . It 's basically them plowing through a bunch of covers from 1969 or so . The playing is tight -LRB- as always -RRB- and some of the arrangements are interesting , but it ca n't even begin to compare with albums like `` Soul Limbo '' and `` Hip Hug-Her . ''
 Right from the start , as the opening `` I can feel it '' begins , you can hear that this is a dark and heavy album that leans a little bit towards NU-metal . The first and over all impression is that `` INDEPENDENT '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is slow , over weight , lacks melody , and with Lenny Wolf 's moaning and tortured voice together with the massive wall of sound makes my ears a bit numb . I think Wolf should have the good sense to include a couple of faster and lighter songs to balance the more depressing tunes that dominate the album.Long time fans of Kingdom Come -LRB- i.e. Lenny Wolf -RRB- will probably hear traces from days gone by and the acoustic `` Forever '' is one of those songs that bring on memories from the past . I guess you have to give this album a lot of playing time to find it enjoyable because it 's certainly not music for everyone , and it takes quite some time to appreciate at least some of the songs . I advise you to get Kingdom Come 's first self titled album from 1988 , `` HANDS OF TIME '' -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and even `` MASTER SEVEN '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- before considering buying this one .
 I 'm familiar with with some Celtic artists , and I have owned Windham Hill `` seasonal '' collections through the years -LRB- started buying them when they were still on vinyl -RRB- . I guess you could say this is a more contemplative , cerebral album , but there is little on it that inspires me for the Christmas season . Celtic music can be uplifting and inspirational , but this album is nothing more than a collection of mournful tunes . If you think Christmas is about dirges , and depression , this album might suit you , but it has nothing to do with the spirit of Christmas or its message .
 After listening to several other Celtic Christmas music selections on the web , I purchased the Celtic Christmas , Celtic Christmas II and Celtic Christmas III CDs . I 'm here to tell you , I am VERY VERY VERY disappointed . The marketing geniuses at Windham Hill did an excellent job at creating these BOGUS Christmas CDs . They could just as easily named them Songs of Easter , or Songs of Summer Vacation or Songs of Thanksgiving . Of course , they 'd have to rename a couple of the songs , but you 'd never know it . I 'd rate this a MINUS 5 STARS if I could . Do n't buy either of these CDs unless you are looking for some off the wall type of Christmas music .
 I saw this band live and it was nothing I hadnt seen before . Very cheesey and simple . In 5 years they will all be flipping burgers
 Peplab has good rifs and solid beats , but instead of flowing into one fun album , they scatter and leave the beat in pieces . Their synthesized lyrics are clearly inspired by Daft Punk , and yet even more loopy . It will give them props for having an original sound , but originality does n't make the album sound any better.Personally I feel like I 'm shopping at Old Navy when I hear this music . It sounds remarkably like the genre of Muzak the store aims for , to smother the yuppies and high school cliques as well . This is exactly the type of thing echoing throughout the mall -- that spunky , yet completely forgettable noise that occupies the space . You may not , however , hear the track `` Pornstar '' in Old Navy . In this case you 'd be shopping at A&F. ; It 's not a bad album , but nothing to recommend to a buddy . Some people like this sort of synth-bubblegum pop melange . If that 's you , then you might just enjoy this . No guarantees though .
 At the rate the price of this CD is dropping , had I waited another two months I might have gotten it for next to nothing -- which is what it 's worth . I hate to rain on the other two reviews , but this CD was awful . The majority of the times for the mixes on this CD were short . The two that really blew were `` Just Be Good to Me '' and `` Borrowed Love . '' I should have known something was fishy because the review of this CD listed no times for the mixes . A TOTAL disappointment .
 For TABU Record Please Everybody from the TABU Company ... ? how many more Years do we have to Wait for the proper Album releases with ORIGINAL 12inch Versions between 1982 - 85 and there B - Side Material ... ? Please Stop your Stupid ALL THE TIME `` Best of releases '' with no Original 12inch Versions ... ? If you cant do the JOB leave it to somebody more Qualified ... ? And AGAIN No more Best of rubbish , please ... ? I want the '' Just be good to me '' 1982/83 Record on CD and the follow up with '' Just the way you like it '' 1983/84 Record on CD ... ? This are the two golden AGE Records & Tracks of S.O.S Band ... ? Stop fighting about Rights & Royalties just do it ... ? Im allready waiting for nearly 30 Years to come out on CDs ... ? TABU Records ... ? Hope somebody is listening ... ? Cheeery Red record PLEASE BUY the TABU Company ... ?
 The sound is low quality , but the selection of tracks is great , most of their top songs are on here . But it sounds like someone just bootlegged the songs . Even the album art looks homemade . I thought it was put out by major record lable . I will have to search for a quality best of SOS . In the meantime i will keep playin this and put up with sub par sound ... which does irratate me .
 No Rocky Top ?!? Why bother ?? That 's like warm beer & cold pizza , close but not quite .
 You messed up my Alabama part . How dare you ! Roll Tide . How dare you . If you do something like this you distort everything pure and heartwarming . How dare you . The CD was of poor quality . How about getting different band to perform different songs because the U of M band were not with the actual rhythem of the original bands . Poor , poor job .
 None of the songs would be played at homecoming . No one would recognize them.O.K. , O.K. they carry the basic tune but no spirit , no feel . Everything is at the same pitch.Buy the Florida State University album , it 's a real winner . FSU must pay their band members in the same range as their football players , they are great .
 Your only sample was the Star Spankled Banner , I know what that sounds like . It was the other selections that I would be interested inb
 The music on this CD was not very good . The renditions of YEA , ALABAMA and BOOMER SOONER were played at too slow of a tempo.The AGGIE WAR HYMN was totally butchered at the end . Another thing wrong with this CD the omission of the MINNESOTA ROUSER and the SEMINOLE WAR CHANT . The renditions of ACROSS THE FIELD , NOTRE DAME VICTORY MARCH and FIGHT ON , USC were the best on this CD
 It is tough to appreciate the spirit and enthusiasm that these tunes usually convey . Good song selection , but it sounds like this was recorded by a 30 piece high school band in their band room . I highly recommend going directly to your favorite college web site and purchasing their own arrangement and recording . No band can play any other school 's song with the same emotion given to their own fight song .
 The recordings are terrible . It got the job done for the thing I needed it for . Overall I would n't do it again .
 None of the songs would be played at homecoming . No one would recognize them.O.K. , O.K. they carry the basic tune but no spirit , no feel . Everything is at the same pitch.Buy the Florida State University album , it 's a real winner . FSU must pay their band members in the same range as their football players , they are great .
 This CD loses the excitement of having the actual college band do their own fight song . This is like having a high school choir sing Sinatra .
 You left out the Texas Fight Song , one of the best if not the best college fight song .
 I was looking forward to hearing these cds for some time ... The Wonder Years would have been nothing without those poignant songs , which enabled us to actually feel the same emotions that the characters were feeling ... This is where I discovered the beauty that is JONI MITCHELL and she 's nowhere to be seen on any of the cds !!!! Do n't waste your money or your time .
 The artist used the identical recording of tropical birdsongs from his Tropical Rain Forest cd ; overlaid it with a new musical soundtrack ; and gave it a new name ! Together these are jarring sounds . There are better cd 's of bird recording than what you 'll find on this re-tread .
 Die Toten Hosen are one of my favorite bands of all time , but I 'll be the first to admit that this is the worst album they ever released . Sure , I salute their urge to branch out but the execution falls flatter than Marlin Brando jumping off the Sears Tower . Do not buy this album unless you really need to own everything by them .
 ... but not very memorable as far as soundtracks go . -LRB- ... and it 's short , too
 The day after tomorrow is one of the worst movie in decades!There is nothing making any sense in this crap movie ! Do n'twaste money on the movie or book . It makes you crazy on thestupid pseudo-scientific heresy .
 The opening song , God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen , is a wonderfully upbeat rendition and is the highlight of this CD . The rest of the compilation , however , is disappointing . It 's dreary and depressing and includes a folk song about a dead frozen cat . Sorry , but this is not exactly the mood I want to evoke around the holidays .
 I love to try out new Christmas CD 's , so I was psyched when I saw this one in the store . The CD starts out strong with the Barenaked Ladies and Sarah MacLachlan , and continues on a good pace through Sarah 's cover of the Gordon Lightfoot song , `` Song for a Winter 's Night '' . I especially enjoyed Dido 's song , `` Christmas Day '' , which I had never heard before . The rest of the album was a disappointment to me , as each song following Sarah MacLachlan 's got more depressing in tone . The ultimate insult was reaching the last `` song '' only to realize that I was paying for talk , not music . Definitely a waste of 20-odd minutes .
 This is a depressingly slow , slow , slow christmas song collection.Not what I expected for a christmas album from a string of artists like Sarah McLachlan , Barenaked Ladies , Dido , Delerium , Tara MacLean and more . What happened to joyous , warm and festive songs ? This CD makes you feel like a hangover from drinking to much egg-nog at the office christmas party . If you 're looking for music to set the mood for your annual holiday depression -- buy it . Otherwise give it a pass . P.S. . This CD is titled Christmas Songs but one third of the album is a comedic story by Stuart McLean , not a song at all .
 Be glad you can not order this in time for Christmas delivery . By next year , you should be able to fish this collection out of the bargain bin at Sam Goody 's . I heard the lead track , `` God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen '' on the radio , and thought it awesome . It opens with a gentle rockabilly feel from the Barnaked Ladies , then Sarah McLachlan jumps in to finish the song -LRB- ironically , this track is from 1996 before both artists became well-known -RRB- . It is a great holiday song . The rest of the compilation ranges from decent to `` What the hell is this ? '' It is one thing to stumble upon holiday songs with which you 're not familiar -LRB- Delerium 's `` Terra Firma '' and Meryn Cadell 's `` The Cat 's Carol '' -RRB- . It is entirely another thing when these newly-discoverd holiday songs elicit more confusion than comfort . Again , just play the lead track and possibly Maren Ord 's version of `` The Christmas Song , '' then turn to your collection of Peanuts ' holiday songs for the remainder of the season .
 This song only made me feel extremely sad . I hated it . Was it supposed to be backhanded uplifting or something ?
 There are a couple of really great versions of some songs everyone knows , especially -LRB- the Barenaked Ladies with Sarah McLachlan -RRB- God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen , but there are quite a few more unfamiliar tunes that seem to have little or nothing to do with Christmas at all ! I had heard part of this CD at a party , and thought it seemed different ... I just did n't realize HOW different !! If you 're looking for Christmas songs you know , this is n't the album for you .
 Some tunes are outright maudlin and depressing -LRB- Little Drummer Boy sung by a terribly disinterested Matthew Ryan comes to mind -RRB- others just done at a malnourished pace -LRB- Christmas Song -RRB- . I kind of liked the 23 minute story -LRB- Polly Anderson 's Christmas Party -RRB- but agree that it perhaps is not for this audience -- more of a `` Prarie Home Companion '' story . It also requires you to stop what you 're doing and pay attention to the story , rather than just play it in the background at a Christmas party.I was a little dissappointed in the BNL/Sara Mac medley -LRB- God Rest Ye ... We 3 Kings -RRB- . It seems to be a hastily assembled jam session , and there seems to be no reason for them to sing these songs together except that `` Hey , its two up-and-coming Canadian superstars on the same song , whoopee '' -LRB- If this is indeed a '96 recording -RRB- . Their vocals do n't really complement eachother , and MacLachlan seems to get confused as to where the song ends.Dido is pleasant to listen to on `` Christmas Day '' -- which is really a love song that can be played any time of the year . And the `` Cat Carol '' may strike you as hokey , but it is quite poignant and sad -LRB- children may bawl their eyes out -RRB- . But overall , it 's a fairly forgettable collection .
 I loved this album up to the `` Cat Carol '' . My god , was that depressing . I was in tears sobbing into my husband 's jumper . How can anyone think that this was an appropriate song ? It completely took away my Christmas Cheer and depressed me for the rest of the day , and I will lie in bed on Christmas Eve thinking about that poor little cat . : -LRB- Prior to that song the album was beautiful and different . After it I do not know . The CD went into the bin .
 I too bought this for the BNL/Sarah track , and I liked that , but I hated the rest of this album , particularly the Cat Carol , which completely destroyed my festive holiday spirit . With albums like this around , it 's no wonder depression kicks in at Christmas . Buy something cheerier .
 The Cat Carol is the most depressing Christmas song I have ever heard . Not to ruin the ending for you but THE CAT DIES ! Did n't exactly put me in the holiday spirit .
 I bought this CD primarily for the first cut , the Barenaked Ladies and Sarah McLachlan 's rendition of `` God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen . '' This is a great track , with a hint of old-time jazz or swing to it . The vocals , as you would expect , are tremendous.The rest of the CD however , has little to offer . Some songs are enjoyable , such as Dido 's `` Christmas Day '' and `` The Cat Carol '' by Meryn Cadell is a beautiful , bittersweet tune . But halfway through the CD I started getting bored.The Barenaked Ladies cut is a classic , and I 'm sure we 'll here it more and more during Holiday Seasons to come , but the majority of this CD is just filler .
 The Cat Carol may be inspiring to some ... a cat left out in the cold and the mouse who finds her and the cat keeps the mouse warm til Santa comes and finds the cat dead ... . Yes , this is the story . I did not find it uplifted and yes I can understand the symbolism of supposedly bitter enemies coming together on one special night and self sacrifice . A great sentiment , but it did n't work for me here.Furthermore , my 5 y.o. daughter loves cats and loved the song up til the point where the cat dies -LRB- the fact that Santa says the cat will be there forever in the form of a constellation meant nothing to her -RRB- ... She started sobbing and bawling uncontrollably for HOURS . I could not console her . This was on the first listening and I had no idea what the song was about before hand . BEWARE OF THIS SONG IF YOU HAVE SMALL SENSITIVE CHILDREN . She cried occasionally for days and days afterwards as well , she could n't get the song out of her head .
 The DVD is completely in Spanish ... that is a plus . `` Vamos a Cantar '' which means `` Let 's sing '' and that it is what the DVD is all about . The DVD is song after song after song . To me most of the songs are not even catchy to kids . If your kids want a Plaza Sesamo music video DVD this is what you are looking for .
 I bought this DVD as a present for my granddaughter . It arrived promptly , but I did not open it until her birthday which was just a few days ago.Big disappointment because the DVD was damaged and unusable.A piece of the case broke and scratched the surface of the DVD.I just contacted the seller about a replacement.I 'll let you know if the DVD is worthwhile when and if I get a replacement .
 Theres no doubth Sesame street is the best show for kids and toodlers but this particular item is SOOOO BORING !!! My one year old even cant see more than 3 minutes , I hardly can feel amuse by this , Dont waste your money
 This video is boring . It 's like watching sesame street on t.v nothing special.Waste of moneyPlaza Sesamo
 Bought this for my 17 month old -LRB- teaching her SPanish -RRB- . She was not impressed . It is filled with song after song , but no skits , no real content . It gets tired , fast . You 're better off getting `` Me gusta ser yo '' and `` bienvenida la primavera '' .
 Our bilingual toddlers -LRB- Caribbean Spanish -RRB- are bored and unengaged by this . The songs are hard for adults and kids to learn or follow . Just plain odd . Me Gusta Ser Yo is much more fun . Even though there are few quality choices in Spanish DVDs , skip this one .
 21/2 A mild , mellow , modest mediocrity from a band expected to release somewhat more edgily engaging indie rock .
 this might be Pedro 's best , but that 's not saying much.laptopsguys in girl 's jeanspinkfake glasseshair over one eyesensitiveuni-strap purse/backpackscardigan sweatersclonesvinylsemo -LRB- all of the above -RRB-
 Watch out , there 's music ! I personally do n't mind music in the background of nature CDs , but this music sounds kind of fake or synthetic , almost like the instruments were all played on an elecric piano . You could probably pick out a more enjoyable CD .
 I usually love these CDs and I own at least six . I was hoping for something to fall asleep to . Unfortunately the music is n't relaxing . I love falling asleep to thunderstorms so I thought this CD would do it but the background music is too upbeat .
 This CD skipped and was delivered in a paper cover so we did n't have a cover with the list of songs on it . We ordered it because we were interested in the song Jesus Is Still Alright With Me and there was another album we could have ordered but it was way too expensive . But you get what you pay for as they say .
 When the mainstream radio stations started playing `` Jesus Freak '' Toby Mckennan was quick to accept the comparison to the late great Kurt Cobain.Considering the two men are miles apart politically , I thought the comparison was simply pretentious , and breathed a huge sigh of relief when it stopped clouding up the airwaves .
 this compilation is a classic fade away album . the first song , `` writing it down for you '' by pop unknown is a classic `` emo '' song . it sets the bar quite high . unfortunately , the bar is only topped once throughout the rest of the album . it is topped in the track `` holly park '' by brandston . i am prejudiced since this is one of my favourite bands , but they recorded the best song of their career -LRB- barring anything yet to come -RRB- . the melody and one of the best harmony duos carry this song through somewhat depressing lyrical content -LRB- being apart from the one you love -RRB- . from this point on -LRB- track five -RRB- , the album fades into oblivion . there is nothing of import to comment on . the songs do nothing to separate themselves from the typical `` emo '' fare . however , it is worth the buy for the brandston track -LRB- unless you can find the `` holly park/black boys on mopeds '' seven inch -RRB- .
 It does n't sound this good though . I bought the CD thinking that it was going to be more of the lively and indefinable stuff of `` Silver and Gold '' . I was wrong -- but what is living with no mistakes ?
 This album is one of the MG 's weakest . It 's basically them plowing through a bunch of covers from 1969 or so . The playing is tight -LRB- as always -RRB- and some of the arrangements are interesting , but it ca n't even begin to compare with albums like `` Soul Limbo '' and `` Hip Hug-Her . ''
 I 'm sad ! My grandson loves Thomas and when these DVD 's arrived , the cases were all cracked and 1 of the disc 's kept freezing ! Needless to say , I wo n't be buying anything from this seller ever again !
 My son loves Thomas . He can operate the DVD player just fine . However , on these Thomas DVDs , there are 2-3 minutes of advertizing -LRB- Spam -RRB- for other DVDs before you can get to see the content . They ca n't be skipped although some players let you fast forward through them . This totally sucks . It 's hard to explain to a small child that he 'll have to wait . Although cheap for 3 dvds -LRB- ~ $ 25 at the time of writing -RRB- , since this set only contains about 30 minutes of `` actual content '' on each disc , I find that I have paid in full and should n't be forced to sit through the spam . Again , the content is fine - it 's just unbelievably rude that they do n't let you skip the ads .
 On the positive side , the band has a hilarious name , and the music is just good meat-and-potatos old-school hard rock . However , the singer may be one of the worst in the business . He sounds like he is gargling and does n't realize somebody turned on the microphone . This band could be pretty decent if they 'd get a singer who was n't trying to snork a big rubbery luggie while singing each song .
 For those of you out there who care , be forewarned that much of this collection is -LRB- poorly -RRB- mastered from vinyl . And by mastered I mean copied directly from a USB turntable , and by vinyl I mean dirty 45 's . A real disappointment considering that this is a Universal release . Oh well , at least it 's cheap .
 I was disappointed with this cd , because I thought I was getting clear whale songs . Instead , you hear waves lapping at your boat with wind chime sounds and other non-natural sounds that seem to drown out the whale songs . The whale songs , I felt , are not to clear . I could n't hear them over the other stuff and did n't know if I was hearing one or not . This is my opinion ; I did n't like it , but maybe you would .
 I bought this CD a month ago , and it is not entertaining at all . All the songs are quite similar and he is an italian-wannabe . If you wan na have an italian look , then go so in Italy , not in Latin America .
 I made the unfortunate mistake of confusing this with the downtempo/triphop act `` Hybrid Device '' . The more `` techno-house '' oriented tracks do n't really fit the type of music I spin . I have no idea why this record popped up on my `` Trip-hop '' search .
 This album is one of the MG 's weakest . It 's basically them plowing through a bunch of covers from 1969 or so . The playing is tight -LRB- as always -RRB- and some of the arrangements are interesting , but it ca n't even begin to compare with albums like `` Soul Limbo '' and `` Hip Hug-Her . ''
 This is an absolutely terrible recording . The singers ' pronounciation of French is SO bad that even with the Piano Vocal score in my hand I could barely follow the opera . Whoever was the vocal coach did not know French . You will never follow the opera with the provided libretto . The tenor , Mok , in the title role gets really screechy at times and the score just overwhelms him . Basically this opera requires great voices and there are NONE present in this recording . You are better off getting the Paris recording of the opera with Samuel Ramey , June Anderson and Alain Vanzo . At least all of those singers are great voices who do justice to this score . I seriously do NOT recommend this recording to anyone who wants to enjoy this magnificent opera . The singers will grate on your ear as they screech and squall their way through the score .
 How this album put me to sleep so fast , I do n't know ... Glad I borrowed it before I spent a single dollar on this one !
 This is something new under the sun
 Well this is a total F for sound . I have 3 dif 3 cd players , home , port , and car , and yes they are good ones , car is a Q45 with a Bose . I bought this CD because of the reviews I read here , what is everyone smoking ? or is there not that good of stuff avail from Albert ? I do n't own any other CD 's , but I do know about him from the SRV Sessions VHS I have had for a few years , and it sounds pretty good.This CD sounds like a taper recorded it , from that last row in the back or something . I have both SF CD 's , the both sound the same.Can someone email me please and let me know what Albert King CD 's . If any , have good clear sound.What I have that is great for Live shows is Cream Reunion DVD and CD , and Roger Watters in the Flesh DVD and CD , great sound .
 What a great voice ! What a lousy album ! One wonders why such a great singer is wasting her time on these second class arrangements and questionable song selection . Perhaps she needs a new producer if she 's ever going to make the album she 's really capable of .
 No , no , no ... . One of the biggest disappointments I 've ever owned . Not the Steve Cropper you know and love . No soul , or skill for that matter . Horrible , high-schoolish horn arrangements . The titles look tasty but beware . Lotta Help , not Little Help is needed.Spend your money on the Booker T Box Set . Or if you 're looking for Cropper satisfaction , get Steve Cropper , Pop Staples and Albert King - Jammed Together ... A very great CD . Everything Little Help ai n't . Speaking of spending your money - Go out and SEE and HEAR Booker T . The here and now , live and luscious .
 This is something new under the sun
 I heard a dub reggae song I liked by the Sabres of Paradise . I assumed they did dub reggae . So I bought this CD . It 's not dub reggae . It 's -LRB- garbage -RRB- .
 Priced right , but you 'd be better off spending a little extra to get one of his other `` greatest hits '' CDs . This one has many of his best songs , but they are in medley-like form -LRB- something which you would n't know from the play list -RRB- . All of the movie songs , for example , are contained in one track . This makes it difficult to access individual songs . Also , be aware that this is a live recording , and there is a lot of talking before some of the songs .
 These are not the original versions of his hits . I 've heard some artists that still sound good as time progresses , but this album was a complete disappointment . Having many of Andy 's previous albums , I suggest one look for earlier work . Live recordings also seldom rival the original versions . I wish I had not purchased this one !
 MR BUNGLE RIPOFF!MR BUNGLE RIPOFF!MR BUNGLE RIPOFF!MR BUNGLE RIPOFF !
 This is just a bad album pure and simple ... The whole concept has been done already by Mr. Bungle -LRB- and much better I might add -RRB- , and the entire album is just unlistenable . . Dont be fooled by what you may have heard . . These guys need to rethink their direction and come up with something that is somewhat listenable . This is just downright annoying music with no vision and no substantial value . . Horrible ... I suggest Listening to some Skrape or Nonpoint if you want the future of heavy music . This `` piece '' of work is purelly worthless . .
 This band is horrible ! And even worse live . They have a lot of growing up to do.Boring , boring , boring .
 This album only serves it 's purpose as something to listen to while waiting another 4 years for a new Mr. Bungle album .
 I sow these guys live with SOAD . I would have to say they SUCKED !!!! SOAD was great though . I normal like alot of stuff that 's dif , but this !!!! This is not good in anyway !!! They got booed off stage at the SOAD show . I just downloaded one song just to show my friend just how crappy they are and will 2nd me . From what i can rember about them I think they had like one good song out of the whole set . How did they ever get to open for SOAD I will never know . I would n't let these guys open the door for my dog . Do n't buy this or anything else they put out . if you are looking for something def then try MSI , Bad Acid Trip , etc , etc , just do n't even try this !!!!
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . I 've listing to this piece of -LRB- ... -RRB- album , because one of my friends recommended it for me but i still dont know why ?! `` anarchists of good taste '' is horrible and it gets worse & worse with each song . It would me more a fitting name to call themselfes `` anarchists of horrible taste '' and that would be a more fitting title . Do n't buy this poison .
 This album is not funky nor is it soulful . Lame . Unhip . It is a travesty . They had so much to work with and put together so little . If you like 70s elevator music , you 'll love this . I listen to all jazz and funk ... this album is rancid . I love the Beatles , this is a disgrace to both r & b and the band . They should have all been white for all I could hear . Maybe they were looking for more coke money ... they sound spun -LRB- and deaf . -RRB- All I can say is shame . They get one star for the cover . Talk about an over rated hackfest . HACKFEST . HACKFEST . TERRIBLE HACKING HERE .
 I purchased this CD wanting something inexpensive to practice the bass solos with and because it was available locally . Big mistake . The Bass soloist is horrid -- extremely wide vibrato that obscures the melismatic passsages . None of the soloists are exceptional , the soprano being the best . Wish I had listened to the samples here first .
 Trust the MUSICIAN 'S comments below ... he knows what he 's talking about . This is just a lackluster and unmusical performance that is not worth your time . Find another recording . Almost ANY other recording would be preferable !
 I am a huge Durannie and always will be , but gone are the days when a band or record label can print a friggen number on a box of something we ALREADY OWN -LRB- on a dying format , no less -RRB- and re-re-resell it to me as a `` Collectible '' . Screw you , EMI . You got my dollars for these albums on vinyl , cassette , and cd -LRB- I even have Rio on 8-track still !!! -RRB- . Ya gets no more o ' my dough.Missie
 Well this is a total F for sound . I have 3 dif 3 cd players , home , port , and car , and yes they are good ones , car is a Q45 with a Bose . I bought this CD because of the reviews I read here , what is everyone smoking ? or is there not that good of stuff avail from Albert ? I do n't own any other CD 's , but I do know about him from the SRV Sessions VHS I have had for a few years , and it sounds pretty good.This CD sounds like a taper recorded it , from that last row in the back or something . I have both SF CD 's , the both sound the same.Can someone email me please and let me know what Albert King CD 's . If any , have good clear sound.What I have that is great for Live shows is Cream Reunion DVD and CD , and Roger Watters in the Flesh DVD and CD , great sound .
 First of all Iam no writing a bad review , since I like the CD very much , however ... there are some very MAJOR discrepacies with this recording . First there are onl 15 chants on the album , when there are supposed to be 21 chants . The numbers and track titles on the back of the case do not correspond with the actual chants that are recorded ... for example ... it says that the `` Magnificat '' is trak number 6 on the rear of the case , however its another chant all together . also Trcks 16-21 do not even appear on th CD itself , however according to the package there are 21 tracks ... half of the chants that I bought this CD for on not even on it!WHERE IS THE CHANT
 This album is not funky nor is it soulful . Lame . Unhip . It is a travesty . They had so much to work with and put together so little . If you like 70s elevator music , you 'll love this . I listen to all jazz and funk ... this album is rancid . I love the Beatles , this is a disgrace to both r & b and the band . They should have all been white for all I could hear . Maybe they were looking for more coke money ... they sound spun -LRB- and deaf . -RRB- All I can say is shame . They get one star for the cover . Talk about an over rated hackfest . HACKFEST . HACKFEST . TERRIBLE HACKING HERE .
 BAD imitations for the most part
 I hate the fact that nobody mentions that this is `` 1 Bands '' interpretations of these songs . I also hate the fact that it 's like listening to some crummy coverband . Yes I understand from the CD notes that these guys love QOTSA and thats cool but their interpretations of the songs are almost exactly how QOTSA play them . BOOOOORIIIIING.I say avoid this like oprah . Stick with special consensus . Now theres a band you can set yer watch to ! yee haw momma !
 OK , -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- is n't too bad to check out some of the later work of a guitar legend . A couple of these songs -LRB- `` The Altar Song '' and `` If You Love These Blues '' -RRB- were released by Guitar Player Records in 1977 , according to the liner notes . The rest are from some sessions in 1979 . However `` Farther Along '' , `` Gon na Need Somebody On My Bond '' and `` Just A Closer Walk With Thee '' also appear on Shanachie 's release `` Blues , Gospel and Ragtime Guitar Instrumentals '' . There is quite a bit of overlap on the myriad of cheap Bloomfield releases . The companies make some money either way . Laserlight 's other Bloomfield release `` The Root of Blues '' also overlaps with the Shanachie release and is wholly comprised of tracks from Guitar Player Records 1977 release.The sound quality of this disc is not as good as the Shanachie release . But for -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- and the Laserlight line that 's not surprising . There are errors in the liner notes too such as suggesting that `` If You Love These Blues '' which is just a minute of little blues which Mike voices over , is 3 minutes long . Or listing that Mike plays all bass , drums and organ when inside it lists different players for each instrument . The plus side of the liner notes is that they have what appear to be commenst from Mike himself on each track.I 'm not sure what to say about the performances . They 're ok . At times there 's tremolo on the electric guitars which is distracting . Largely it 's a laid back acoustic affair with Woody Harris sometimes accompanying . However if you want to hear what all the fuss is about this is NOT the place to go . If you 're a completist or you want to hear what the guy was doing not too long before the end if his life then I guess you should get it . I hope to that end I cleared up what 's on this CD.The guy was a legend and clearly loves this music . However personally I wonder if I need this CD in my collection . It was cheap , but I do n't think it adds to an understanding of the blues , just the artist . I 'm not sure I can be any more non-commital , but at least you have some clue what 's on it .
 I have had enough of Raven !!!!!! She is tacky . She plays as a psychic teen , and can NOT sing . And the word Supernatural , means super-human . So by singing that song she is telling us that she is super-human . I just do n't like Raven . I like several teen stars , including Hilary Duff . Mary-Kate and Ashley are OK , and I like Diana DeGarmo 's music . She is about the same age as Diana , and has probably not had half as much practice as Diana . Diana is sooooooooooooooooo much better than Raven ! I wonder how far Raven would make it American Idol . Probably not second place ! I sure would n't vote for her . Raven wears waaaay to much makeup , unlike Hilary Duff . I do n't know if I 'll ever be a fan of Raven 's .
 It scares me to think that anyone can get a record deal while more talented artists struggles to get even an A&R person to come to their show . Child star Raven Symone -LRB- who was hideously annoying on `` The Cosby Show '' -RRB- is yet evidence that some people do n't deserve a record contract . Her cover of Stevie Wonder 's `` Superstition '' for that one Eddie Murphy movie she made last year was atrocious . Why remake a classic song and ruin it ? Pop music continues to go further down the drain with people like Raven and William Hung .
 this album was terrible , it is just pop music that is only produced because the show is popular . Ever notice nowadays nearly every disney sitcom star acts and sings -LRB- and they 're terrible singers ! -RRB- For example that tall girl from that even steven show , raven symone , the sister sister twins or sisters or whatever they are . So if your interested in this album you 're either A -RRB- do n't have taste -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- or B -RRB- are just some adolencent kid that is addicted to the show or thinks ravens hott . My recomendation is to skip this piece of junk and go buy a offspring or sex pistols album , you 'll be happier with that .
 To me this is a terrible soundtrack . I think the beats or okay but the lyrics are so stupid they sound like Kidz Bop s *** . There is only 2 halfway decent new songs on the album they are The theme song and Supernatural . The old songs are cool . But if you really want to hear some pop talent . PLEASE BUY RAVEN SYMONE 'S ALBUM '' THIS IS MY TIME '' . That Album is real pop . For the Producers of this album I would be like Donald Trump and say `` YOUR FIRED '' .
 Well this is a total F for sound . I have 3 dif 3 cd players , home , port , and car , and yes they are good ones , car is a Q45 with a Bose . I bought this CD because of the reviews I read here , what is everyone smoking ? or is there not that good of stuff avail from Albert ? I do n't own any other CD 's , but I do know about him from the SRV Sessions VHS I have had for a few years , and it sounds pretty good.This CD sounds like a taper recorded it , from that last row in the back or something . I have both SF CD 's , the both sound the same.Can someone email me please and let me know what Albert King CD 's . If any , have good clear sound.What I have that is great for Live shows is Cream Reunion DVD and CD , and Roger Watters in the Flesh DVD and CD , great sound.Listened with Sennheiser 595 's , the best that I have found , had 555 for a couple years they are nice too , but cant touch 595 's , pay the dif and see , er I mean hear .
 The songs selected are okay , but not great . The singer 's voice is thin and unexceptional . I became very tired of his voice early on -- and there is only one vocalist . The prelude is over-long and seems somehow pompous . I highly recommend `` Songs of the Civil War '' by Columbia , Various Artists , instead .
 No , no , no ... . One of the biggest disappointments I 've ever owned . Not the Steve Cropper you know and love . No soul , or skill for that matter . Horrible , high-schoolish horn arrangements . The titles look tasty but beware . Lotta Help , not Little Help is needed.Spend your money on the Booker T Box Set . Or if you 're looking for Cropper satisfaction , get Steve Cropper , Pop Staples and Albert King - Jammed Together ... A very great CD . Everything Little Help ai n't . Speaking of spending your money - Go out and SEE and HEAR Booker T . The here and now , live and luscious .
 A misleading title ; should be subtitled `` Modern Songs of the Civil War . '' Average vocal quality and heavy on modern acoustics . Customers looking for traditional authentic music of the US Civil War can ignore this CD . Disappointing ...
 I will not buy a CD over the internet that I can not sample the songs first . Oh well , you lose .
 Oh how I wished I could of heard a few of those songs
 Well this is a total F for sound . I have 3 dif 3 cd players , home , port , and car , and yes they are good ones , car is a Q45 with a Bose . I bought this CD because of the reviews I read here , what is everyone smoking ? or is there not that good of stuff avail from Albert ? I do n't own any other CD 's , but I do know about him from the SRV Sessions VHS I have had for a few years , and it sounds pretty good.This CD sounds like a taper recorded it , from that last row in the back or something . I have both SF CD 's , the both sound the same.Can someone email me please and let me know what Albert King CD 's . If any , have good clear sound.What I have that is great for Live shows is Cream Reunion DVD and CD , and Roger Watters in the Flesh DVD and CD , great sound.Listened with Sennheiser 595 's , the best that I have found , had 555 for a couple years they are nice too , but cant touch 595 's , pay the dif and see , er I mean hear .
 I would rate this a zero if that were an option . This CD is a travesty in the truest sense of the word . This is advertised as greatest hits of Webber 's music , but there is nothing of the original feeling of Webber 's music on this CD . Though they may have talent for other music , the makers of this CD totally miss the mark in translating Webber 's music . Selection # 4 is a particular mockery with its techno-translation of the piece . There are many other options available with quality recordings of Webber 's music . Do not buy this CD !!!
 the previous writer was mistaken , the artunian trupet concerto was written by alexander artunian for a russian classical trumpet player decades before arturo sandOval ever performed on the trumpet . His classical playing is good but still secondary . Compared to a true classical artists his technique is rather sloppy at times . His multiple tonguing is blatty . His range and felxibility is impressive , but the overal consistency of his tone is ruined by his poor articulations . One area of classical trumpet playing arturo is up to par in is piccolo playing . If you wish to hear arturo play calssical , buy some of his picc recordings .
 After completion of my synopsis upon this album . I have hypothesized that this -LRB- Fifth Ward Weebie -RRB- has none of the qualities that other quality rappers have such as
 what can i say ? ive seen garbage so much better than this . this cd feels extremely depressing to listen to and i try not to hear it for fear of becoming grumpy . this in no way says that i dislike garbage , i love garbage ! theyre one of my favorite bands ! i dont so much recommend this one , but there are two songs on it i really like ... im only happy when it rains , and as heaven is wide . good songs . but i would recommend garbage 2.0 over this one . . beautifulgarbage was also reallllly good : - D
 You know how there 's some CDs that just get better and better every time you listen to them ? Well , this is n't one of them . I bought this album on the strength of its singles , and was very impressed with it on its first listen . However , I have to give it a mixed review , because under the slick surface , there is n't much that makes it worth listening to more than a few times . The dance beats and heavy instrumentation are fun , but the lyrics are distant and uninteresting.If you have plenty of disposable income , by all means , buy this . But be forewarned that it will end up gathering dust after a few months . I 'd recommend investing in some artists with a little more staying power instead .
 Yuck . I just bought this album and am very disappointed . The tracks are mooshy , smooshy , distorted guitar with uninspired vocals and synths/drums . It 's weak any way you slice it.However , if you like bad music , this CD may be for you.Save your money . I 'm sorry I did n't . : -LRB-
 Well , it lives up to its title , anyway . Typical '90s trash -- as if this decade needed more of it .
 For once , we have truth in advertising . For that alone , if I did n't impose a rigid 1 - or 5-star rating system on culture , since life is black or white and never gray , I would have given this album a 2 . It truly is garbage , not food-scrap rubbish -- we would have to be reviewing something more patently offensive like Wolfmother , Fergie or Smashing Pumpkins 2.0 to reach that rancid level -- but the old stuff you throw out because it 's inferior to the new stuff you can finally afford to replace it . This truly is a dime-store supergroup whipped up by corporate executives high on superglue . I hear Shirley Manson performed a pretty good trick involving golf balls before thrift-store king Herb Alpert tossed a bag of money at her hairy feet . If you 're into phone-sex crooning over a neverending sonic slab of bubble-gum yummy feedback fuzz , this crud 's for you .
 This cd is a absolute monstrosity . The music is just a bloody collection of a girl songing horribly .
 Save your money and just buy any Curve album . Garbage wo n't sound too original anymore .
 This CD documents Arthur Rubinstein 's final of three recordings of Brahms D minor Concerto -LRB- there is an additional , filmed performance with Haitink -RRB- . After Chopin , Rubinstein recorded more of Brahms ' music than that of any other composer . It is fitting , therefore , that the first and last concertos he recorded were by Brahms . This Concerto is a difficult work to pull off successfully
 This Brahms First Cto . came out in on LP in 1976 , when the beloved Rubinstein turned 89 . He explained in his program note that it was an immense effort to attempt the work , considering his age and near blindness -LRB- macular degeneration had blocked out the keyboard except for the extreme upper and lower notes -RRB- . He should have been talked out of making such an effort . This cautious , often slow reading may get the notes in , but at too high a cost . Mehta tiptoes and tries to cushion the most difficult parts , to no avail . In addition , the Israel Phil . sounds mediocre , especially in the string body , and one only has to hear the opening orchestral part to be discouraged
 At 38 min . long , this is an emasculated release of the original LP . Six tracks are omitted - The Preludium ; The Lonely Goatherd ; No Way To Stop It ; The Sound of Music -LRB- Reprise -RRB- ; How Can Love Survive ; Sixteen Going On Seventeen -LRB- Reprise -RRB- . Not recommeded - buy the cassette instead .
 The Sound of Music is one of the most famous scores ever written for the stage . It had a dynamite Broadway cast that featured Mary Martin , Theodore Bikel , and Patricia Neway , and ran for 1,443 performances . Its popularity on the London stage , where it opened at the Palace Theatre on May 18 , 1961 -LRB- 2,385 performances -RRB- , far outdid the success it had seen on Broadway . That was partly accomplished by its wonderful cast , which included Jean Bayless as Maria , Roger Dann as the Captain , and Constance Shacklock as the Reverend Mother . Although the cast is pretty unfamiliar to audiences outside Britain , they are just as good -LRB- if not better in some cases -RRB- than those on Broadway . Of course Jean Bayless is not Julie Andrews or Mary Martin , but she 's just as good . The London cast recording of The Sound of Music is a necessary addition to the Sound of Music canon ... well , just not this particular release of it.This Laserlight release is very truncated compared with the original LP . Only 11 cuts out of the original 17 are included on this release , with several important songs , such as Lonely Goatherd , How Can Love Survive , and the reprise of The Sound of Music , missing . This release of the recording is not worth the time or money spent on it.My advice would be to try to track this cast recording down on its 1997 CD release from Capitol Records/Angel on Angel 's `` Broadway Classics '' series . That version has the entire 17 tracks from the original LP . The sound quality -LRB- in stereo -RRB- is fantastic and the album overall is just as good as the Original B'way Cast album or the movie soundtrack . Unfortunately , the Capitol release is very very difficult to find . I was able to locate a used copy on Ebay recently . It is not currently in print , but keep an eye peeled . You never know where one may show up . Or , try to find an LP of the cast album if you can -LRB- there was one up for bid at Ebay at the same time as this -RRB- . Just avoid this Laserlight version.The Capitol version is highly recommended , if you 're fortunate enough to find one .5 -LRB- well , I 'd give it 10 if I could -RRB- stars for the London cast recording -LRB- Capitol version -RRB- 2 for the Laserlight release
 I was in my local music store and came across this Laserlight version of the London Cast recording and the Capitol Records release on their Broadway Angel series - I highly recommend the latter because it is a full representation of the original LP . Do n't waste your time with this one . If you want the complete London Cast Recording , you will have to look high and low - it 's a very hard disc to find . Missing on this truncated CD is the Preludium , The Lonely Goatherd , How Can Love Survive ? , The Sound of Music reprise towards the end of Act One , No Way to Stop It , and the reprise of Sixteen Going on Seventeen with Maria and Liesl .
 CD-1 , I could barely tolerate . I personnally have n't heard too many Top 40 Pop songs remixed as trance versions that I have actually liked , anywhere.CD-2 Much improved . Pretty good track selection if you are into house . I 'm more of a trance fan.Overall , disappointed .
 this is a 2 disk cd . the first cd , if full of songs that you may have heard on the radio . kelly clarkson , is one of the singers on the cd . that is the main reason why i purchased the cd . love that remix . the other songs are ok , but the 1 cd is the best of the 2 .
 After completion of my synopsis upon this album . I have hypothesized that this -LRB- Fifth Ward Weebie -RRB- has none of the qualities that other quality rappers have such as
 I startarted to think all the old bands were losing it and it was foolish for them to continue to make albums . Continuing to purchase these I found out I was wrong . Many are still vital . Unfortunately Echo is n't one of them . They copy much of their old material , many times the worst stuff and have become rather bland . Three songs are worhtwhile here and they are not classics . Fans will appreciate , `` All Because Of You Days '' , `` Parthenon Drive '' , and `` Scissors In The Sand '' . Too bad there is n't more , hopefully they will regain their magic .
 I do n't know what the other hyperventilating reviewers are smokin , but this album is really weak and boring . Do n't waste your time or money . This is the weakest album they 've ever made . Just stick to the recordings from 1979-1989 , and forget about the mostly rubbish that has come since .
 The entire recording consists of a series of 78 rpm sides with two songs per side and in one case three - drastically cut - and performed with absolutely no sense of character or showmanship . The 11 selections are over in about 18 minutes . The producers try to give you a bit more for your money in selecting five Berlin songs -LRB- in one case Dinah Shore repeating DOIN WHAT COMES NATURALLY -RRB- performed by popular artists of the day , but this only brings the total timing for the CD to about 35 minutes . This is for ANNIE lovers only and purists who must have all the cast recordings regardless of the quality . If you 're looking for the best ANNIE there is stick with the 1966 Lincoln Center Revival or if you can find the out of print Criswell/Hampson complete recording , get that .
 `` Annie Get Your Gun '' has a marvelous Irving Berlin score , most of which is not to be found in this album . And if that is n't weird enough , someone decided to throw in some other Berlin songs that have nothing to do with this show -LRB- such as `` How Deep is the Ocean , '' `` Alexander 's Ragtime Band '' -- in ` Annie Get Your Gun '' !?! -RRB- . Why ? Marketing probably has some cockamamie answer . Interestingly enough , `` Who Do You Love , I Hope '' was included , a second-rate tune that is often cut from the show , while `` I Got Lost in his Arms , a first-rate ballad , has been omitted . And what about that great anthem , `` There 's No Business Like Show Business ? '' If you like `` Annie , '' you wo n't bother with this mishmash . The recent revival with Bernadette Peters is quite good vocally although she mugged her way through the show . The original cast Broadway show with Ethel Merman has to be the gold standard ; a revival tour Merman did in the '60s included a new song `` Old-Fashioned Wedding , '' which gave her another counterpoint number to bring the house down with . As was usually the case with Merman , she sang at least a couple of encores at most performances .
 I loved Sanchez 's first album `` First Contact '' , so when I heard he was finally ready to release another album , I was excited . Well , talk about a dissapointment , there was n't one track , even remotely listenable on this album . Nothing but overblown big diva vocals over your basic lame generic house beats . I got ta ask `` Roger , what happened buddy ? '' There were so many classic singles off `` FC '' , and now this is the best you can come up with as a follow up ? I do n't know maybe some one out there will really enjoy this album . In my opinion there is not one salvagable track on this entire album , just garbage from beginning to end . Did you not listen to this before you released it dude , it 's awful ? I 've tried to let it warm on me and play it a couple more times hoping maybe I 'd enjoy it more after a couple listens ... NO !!! The CD just is n't good and has absolutely no redeamable quality what so ever . Unless you 're a fan of big blistering generic garbage , you might wan na skip this one , I wish I would 've . What happened dude ?
 There was a film from the mid eighties called the day after . It described what the world looked like after a nuclear bang . Not pretty . Lots of desolation . That is how I feel about this cd.On this occasion , Sanborn teams up with the Peterson brothers . The lads are very good friends with Ben Sidran , musician , producer and record label owner . They all share passion for blues and Jazz . You can also find Phil Upchurch on one track , and Randy Brecker on trumpet . Good ingredients right ? well the sauce just does n't taste good ... First , Sanborn does n't sound genuine , except for a couple of tracks -LRB- especially `` Rikke '' and `` Missing you '' , curiously enough the slowest jams on the album -RRB- . Then , there is a lot of `` I wan na sound on the F.M. '' type of tracks . It just sounds cheap commercial effort from the very first track . The more bluesy tracks are n't really catchy -LRB- `` Listen here '' that is sooo repetitive , `` DSP '' -RRB- and when you get to the end of the record , you ask yourself `` That 's it ? '' . You see , the trick is that this cd is less than 40 minutes long ... Just like in the good old days of the vinyl when you had between 17 and 23 minutes per side . There would n't be anything wrong with that if the tracks were of quality , but it is n't the case.In my modest opinion , a very mediocre album , with a mediocre cover version of the too often heard `` Spooky '' . Sanborn can do better , but this cd seems to be in the middle of a bad period from him . Little inspiration and lack of punch . As a matter of fact I saw him at a concert live with Al Jarreau , Joe Sample and Roberta Flack just two years after this cd was released and , much to my dismay , David Sanborn flew unnoticed through that concert . That too was a disappointment.So , if you want to enjoy David Sanborn albums , go to the necessary `` As we speak '' , `` Backstreet '' , or `` straight to the heart '' , or even try `` Inside '' , from a couple of years ago .
 This was probably the weakest Sanborn work . I was not very impressed with the CD . I did like the tune `` Rikkie '' , otherwise that 's about it on this disappointing effort . You 're better off buying some of his earlier or even later CD 's . This is not the one you want . Move on !!
 After completion of my synopsis upon this album . I have hypothesized that this -LRB- Fifth Ward Weebie -RRB- has none of the qualities that other quality rappers have such as
 I was thrilled with the price , but the CD does n't contain the entire song . Aside from `` Oklahoma ! '' and `` Poor Jud is Daid '' , the songs are the first verse and the chorus . `` People Will Say We 're In Love '' is Laurie singing , but Curly 's verse is n't there at all . Too bad the sound clips do n't show that ...
 The 1947 London cast of OKLAHOMA ! recorded only highlights from the score arranged in 3-song medleys and spread over 4 78 RPM sides . You get sense of the story -LRB- wth the songs all out of order -RRB- and the performances - even the great Howard Keel - do not come across well due to the age of the masters . A curio for collectors who want every version of the score and possibly for Keel fans . Otherwise stick with the more complete albums . -LRB- WARNING
 i know of other soundtracks of the same one that are much better
 to get a good quality , single-disc collection of the original recordings of some of Merle Haggard 's greatest music , `` 20 Greatest Hits '' on the Capitol/EMI label is good , as is the budget cd `` Best of the Best '' also on Capitol -LRB- avoid similarly titled releases on different labels -RRB- ... to really do Merle Haggard 's legacy justice , easily the best single purchase currently available is the multi-label box set compilation called `` Down Every Road ''
 This was supposed to be a David Sanborn CD but is a Davvid CD with no affiliation to my choice . Two v 's in the title and all vocal . David Sanborn is a Saxophone player not a vocalist !
 Karajan in Salzburg -LRB- 1987 -RRB- is one of the most nauseating films ever made ; the old VHS tape should have come with a sick-bag . It is a lickspittle tribute to the conductor . His cronies D.I.T - do it tough
 If you want the original material with Boney M. , then stay FAR away from this release.It 's a re-release of the 1992 compilation `` Gold '' with a few changes.It 's yet another compilation that 's including edits and remixes . How can it be so hard to get the original single-versions or LP-versions on a compilation ? If Sony Music had had a little interest in Boney M. it would not have been difficult at all . It however seems to be all about easy money.The compilation starts out with `` Daddy Cool '' . Strangely enough they have managed to include the original 1976 version of this track and not the remixed version from the `` Gold '' compilation from 1992 . Sony Music seems to enjoy the use of the `` Gold '' compilation from 1992 when putting together new compilations . Note ! All tracks from the `` Gold '' compilation are remixes as the tracks have been added extra drumbeats and hi-hats . Most are edits as well!Some reasons to stay away from `` The Magic Of Boney M. '' : `` Sunny '' is not the original 1976 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation . `` Rivers Of Babylon '' is not the original 1978 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation . `` El Lute '' is an edited and remixed version from `` Gold '' running 3:58 minutes . The original 1979 single version is 5:09 minutes . The original LP-version is 5:50 minutes . `` No Women No Cry '' is not the original 1976 single - or LP-version which is running 5 minutes . It 's an edit as well as a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation running 4:20 minutes . `` Hooray ! Hooray ! It 's A Holi - Holiday '' is not the original 1979 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation `` Rasputin '' one of their greatest singles , is neither the 1978 single-version nor the LP-version . The original single-version is 4:43 minutes . Here is another edit and remixed version from `` Gold '' running only 04:25 minutes . `` Painter Man '' is not the original 1978 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation . `` Belfast '' is not the original 1977 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation . `` Brown Girl In The Ring '' is not the original 1978 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold `` compilation . `` Kalimba De Luna '' is not the original 1984 version . It 's an edit and remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold `` compilation running 4:13 . Original singe-version is running 4:31 . `` Happy Song '' is yet another edit and remix from the `` Gold '' compilation running 3:56 minutes . The original single version is running 4:18 minutes . `` Still I 'm Sad '' is not the original 1977 version . It 's a remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation.And now to the real DISASTER ! `` Mary 's Boy Child/Oh My Lord '' one of the group 's biggest hits ever is also included in an edited and remixed version . The original single version that went to no. 1 in England in 1978 was running 5:43 minutes - a true master piece . The version included on this compilation is ONLY 4:01 . Yet another edit and remixed version from the `` Gold '' compilation . It honestly stinks . In the included version Maria and Joseph never makes it to Bethlehem which means that Jesus never was born and there 's therefore actually nothing to sing about ! Over half of the story has been cut out . How is that possible ? `` Baby Do You Wan na Bump '' is not the original 1975 version . It 's an edited and remixed version from the 1992 `` Gold '' compilation . `` Felicidad ''
 What a big disappointment . This album lacks about half of the songs from the show , including `` Iowa Stubborn , '' `` Shipoopee '' and the `` 76 Trombones/Goodnight My Someone '' medley . Van Johnson is OK in the title role , but Patricia Lambert makes no discernable attempt to sing in an American accent , so the it sounds like the setting for the show is River City-on-Thames instead of River City , Iowa .
 A little too pop oriented for me.Not the progressive rock I like in their earlier stuff.Photo 's of Ghost , The World became the World , Chocolate Kings far surpass this CD .
 I love ambient , and even darker ambient as in some of Laswell and Buckethead 's projects , but this album went off the deep end into menace and depressing gloom . One exceptional track - Maps of Impossible Worlds - and the rest feels like noodling on a very bad trip . If you find yourself too happy or positive in life , then play this to bring yourself down and give yourself nightmares . Otherwise , stay away . You 've been warned .
 I think this cd is just a bunch of noise , and I was listening to it , waiting for some type of guitar to enter , but i was dissappointed when i heard some guitar come in at the third song . I really dont like this cd , unless it was halloween , cause its just creepy and too ambient for my taste . I like buckethead when he plays actual music . Too weird for Buckethead , if that 's possible , and definately too weird for me .
 These five pups look like a country brand of New Kids on the Block -LRB- and they sound like it on the ballad `` All I Wan na Do '' with its switching , your-turn-to-have-the-girls-scream-at-you lead vocals -RRB- . With ten -- count ` em , ten -- producers on the album , you wonder how could this be anything but a mess with that many cooks in the pot ? The whole thing feels like a calculated effort to cross Lonestar -LRB- Richie McDonald even co-wrote one song -RRB- with the Backsteet Boys ; most of the songs here are emotion-dripping love songs like the Backstreeters do . If this kind of hybrid interests you , check it out ; if not , pass .
 Being a Big Fan of Mac Dre , I belive , wait ... I know that this is false advertisement ! Why have Mac Dre on the cover when he is barely in the dvd ??? All you see are a bunch of no name younsters bein stupid doin the same hyphy dance as in treal tv # 1 . For a dvd that has been highly anticipated by Mac dre fans , And pushed back over a year , this is what we get . They are draggin dre 's name through the dirt and taking away loyal fans hard earned money . And why are they still re-releasing the same dre songs over and over again . Sounds like a Jt the bigga figga stunt that was pulled between the 1997-2003 era .
 When musicians take on a different style , one can only hope it 's for the better . This album is the reason why Chris Poland gave up on metal . . it 's really bad . Try this solo cd `` Chasing The Sun '' and the OHM material ... much better !!
 Sorry , ca n't get past the vocals - I was looking for something more like OHM , which is far superior to this ! Go check it out !
 These five pups look like a country brand of New Kids on the Block -LRB- and they sound like it on the ballad `` All I Wan na Do '' with its switching , your-turn-to-have-the-girls-scream-at-you lead vocals -RRB- . With ten -- count ` em , ten -- producers on the album , you wonder how could this be anything but a mess with that many cooks in the pot ? The whole thing feels like a calculated effort to cross Lonestar -LRB- Richie McDonald even co-wrote one song -RRB- with the Backsteet Boys ; most of the songs here are emotion-dripping love songs like the Backstreeters do . If this kind of hybrid interests you , check it out ; if not , pass .
 I 'm disappointed because i still have not rec 'd my cd . this is the first time this has happened to me . IDK what happened to my order .
 Mable John is noteworthy as the first woman signed to Berry Gordy 's Tamla Records -LRB- the predecessor to the cultural phenomenon that was Motown Records -RRB- . There , four songs were released . Seven songs were released were released by Stax ; three were released by Tangerine . She was also lead singer of Ray Charles 's Raelettes.STAY OUT OF THE KITCHEN consists of 25 songs , all but seven -LRB- 2 , 4 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 19 , 20 -RRB- of which are previously unreleased -LRB- some as alternate takes -RRB- , recorded 1966-1968 for Stax Records -LRB- tracks 2 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 19 , 20 , 21 are mono -RRB- . Most of the songs are collaborations with Isaac Hayes and David Porter . Booklet includes a lengthy essay -LRB- four panel -RRB- by Rob Bowman , no lyrics , no photos , and very limited track information -LRB- only songwriters and occasionally `` take '' numbers ; no recording dates , chart information , or personnel information -RRB- . The song `` Your Good Thing -LRB- Is About to End -RRB- '' described a her `` monster R&B ; record that peaked at # 6 '' is not included in this compilation . All but two of the songs -LRB- 3 , 35 -RRB- are under 3 minutes long . Total running time is 67:08 . I do n't find this to be the best example of Southern Soul or 1960s Soul . Despite the input of Hayes & Porter , Mable John 's sound is not that of a solo female Sam & Dave . -LRB- But apparently is more Soulful than the Pop recordings made with pre-Motown Berry Gordy several years earlier . -RRB- She is not comparable with Etta James or Millie Jackson - or Ann Peebles or Ruth Brown or Koko Taylor or Esther Phillips , for that matter . Her voice lacks vigor , intensity , urgency , gut-wrenching emotion , or true distinction . But her voice is pleasant and the music is enjoyable -LRB- My favorite is the sassy `` Sorry About That '' -RRB- . For the right price , this compilation is worth adding to one 's collection .
 After seeing this CD in the radio station I occasionally DJ at each week I saw this CD and burst into laughter . I thought his name was PRECIOUS ! I then put the CD in my pocket and walked out with it and played it in my car . The first minute of the song is so intelligent . I mean it perfectly portrays the way it must feel sometimes to be a young female growing up in the urban society of today . She clearly has a hard time and tells them -LRB- in a way -RRB- `` Leave me alone '' . This is priceless ! The actual song is lame and unoriginal . I 'd rather hear `` Animal Boy '' by this lame band on mp3.com than this song . Heck , I 'd rather see a Jamaican reggae , goth , country-emo band named `` SkazzlyMutilatinPooPoos '' than this song .
 After seeing this CD in the radio station I occasionally DJ at each week I saw this CD and burst into laughter . I thought his name was PRECIOUS ! I then put the CD in my pocket and walked out with it and played it in my car . The first minute of the song is so intelligent . I mean it perfectly portrays the way it must feel sometimes to be a young female growing up in the urban society of today . She clearly has a hard time and tells them -LRB- in a way -RRB- `` Leave me alone '' . This is priceless ! The actual song is -LSB- bad -RSB- and unoriginal . I 'd rather hear `` Animal Boy '' by this -LSB- bad -RSB- band on mp3.com than this song ...
 One would think that Teldec could have come up with a more fitting tribute to the eternal Johann Sebastian Bach for a 153 cd complete edition of the master 's work.The cd 's come in cheap cardboard holders instead of jewel cases and as for volume 4 of the cantatas the disasters are manifold.First off , the performances are of overall mediocre quality.For every good recording in this set there is a weak one that follows.Occasionally the instrumentation is shrill and the performances either perfunctory or sloppy.You are much better off acquiring individual great recordings -LRB- of which there is no shortage today -RRB- of the cantatas and avoid this Teldec Titanic.Other shoddy aspects of this set include a half dozen disks that clock in at under 60 minutes , including a 37 minute and a 42 minute disk.Most of the cantatas are no more than 20-25 minutes long , meaning that this 15 disk set should have been a 12 or 13 disk set and the price a little less steep.Lastly , I do n't know if it is a widespread problem or not , but the set I ordered arrived without cd number 6 , so I had to take the thing back to the record store and have it reordered.I do n't know if this is a consistent problem with the boxes or not , but I 'll never buy another set fron Teldec or the Bach 2000 set to find out.I 've been ripped off once ; I do n't care to experience it again.Shame on Teldec for foisting this junk onto an unsuspecting public !
 We ran out to get this DVD the day it came out ! When we got home and put this in for my son , we were horrified to learn that we paid money for a TV episode that we have taped many times over on PBS Kids . It is a nice episode but you can get it for free on TV . There should be a warning on the box that this is from TV show and SEEN BEFORE !
 I have n't had time to contact the seller of this item , but when I received the DVD it would not play . I think it is blank . I would like to send it back & receive a new one .
 The Dvd that amazon sent me only worked one time and then it broke . I left the country the day after I receieved it and did not have time to send it back . I called and tried to get through to a customer service rep once , but I was put on hold for 10 minutes . I eventually hung up and I am now stuck with a broken dvd . What a waste of money .
 It 's sad to see what Sony/BMG Italia has done to this album . All tracks have been normalized to extremely high volume levels , a procedure that came to be known as the `` loudness war '' , which started a while ago in the US and later spread to Europe . This is made in an attempt to deceive the regular consumer , making him think that the CD sounds better -LRB- because it 's louder -RRB- , when the truth is exactly the opposite - in most cases , parts of the audio frequencies are irreparably lost in the process , specially in the already louder sections of songs , and continued listening of CD 's recorded this way can actually cause negative physical effects on the listener , like headaches . Please note that this is completely different to playing a correctly recorded CD loud on your sound system.Fortunately , it seems that at least the label did n't go beyond the CD format dynamic range limits , although I only did a full frequency analysis on the `` Su Di Noi '' track . Anyway , any CD mastered this loud will be uncomfortable to listen to.For more information on the subject , just do a search for the expression `` loudness war '' on Google or other search engine , and in the meantime , avoid any CD that is known to have been mastered this way and boycott the labels that release them .
 I have this Album in a double vinyl and it is in bad conditions to listening by so much times I play it and here in Spain I ca n't find it because it 's out of catalog . I think that this album is the best of Isaac Hayes and I have around twenty two albums of this man . Thankyou for your attention and service .
 If I had never heard the Pogues prior to this release , this might rate a 3 or a 4 , but the songs lack the power and unique vision of the ' 84 - '90 releases . These songs are enjoyable , expertly performed , and melodic . You wo n't be disappointed ... that is unless you 've heard the Pogues ' previous work .
 you have to be on drugs to give this a 2,3,4 or 5 it sucks
 I should have known better . Plain and simple , the tracks on this CD are either very boring and/or very cheesy . -LRB- with the exception of Ogenki Clinic 's `` First Light '' - and he makes you wait til the end of the first CD to hear it ! -RRB- Max Graham 's own `` Tell You '' is the cheesiest thing I 've heard since Perfecto 's `` Bullet In a Gun '' - which is PRECISELY where I stopped listening to Paul Oakenfold ! Go buy Sander Kleinenberg 's `` Nu Breed '' or Hooj 's `` New Progressive Era '' . Those CD 'S are way cool and dairy free ! And by the way , Max Graham , this is exactly why some DJ 's are starting to play `` too deep '' .
 I went on a spree a couple of weeks ago - buying a couple dozen trance/progressive CDs . This was the worst of the lot . Max is another boring Oakenfold/Sasha wannabe ; not a speck of interest here . I remember just missing his set a a big outdoor party near Toronto about a year ago - thank GOD ! Enough already .
 It takes a REALLY good DJ like John Digweed to make Trance listenable . From what I 've heard about Max Graham , I 'd have thought he could do better than this . Two CDs of pure boring trance drivel . The tracklist grabbed me because he rounds out disc 2 with Underworld 's unbelievable `` Kittens . '' However , it embarrassingly crushes the tracks on either side of it -LRB- and everything else in the set -RRB- . You 'd be better off just getting UW 's Beaucoup Fish , which contains the exact same version of `` Kittens '' in all its glory , without crappy tracks blended into it . If you are looking for superb progressive trance , go get Digweed 's Global Underground Los Angeles . Both discs are the BOMB . Seriously .
 This is an absolutely horribe CD . For starters , this is house music , not trance ! My feeling is that Max Graham selected these songs because it 's easier to mix house songs together -LRB- since they are generally more simplistic than trance -RRB- . But be that as it may , why are they on a CD that is being sold as a trance album ?? Next , I love the band Hybrid , but for the rest of tracks on these 2 cd 's , it seems like a waste of potential . There 's so much you can do with electronic music !! One day it needs to be realized that a repeating drum loop with an occasion crash , a monotonous repeating bass line , and a single key synth string with a slow increase and decrease in the cut-off , JUST IS N'T VERY GOOD MUSIC . It might work well in a club with an intoxicated crowd , but on a CD for listening enjoyment is a complete waste of time.So all in all , this CD just is n't worth it . The tracks just simply are n't interesting enough to warrent any attention . They even fail as background or driving music since they 're soooooo repetitious that you 'll completely tune the music out and forget it 's even playing ; which defeats the purpose of playing the CD in the first place .
 First of all , let me say that I hate this album . I really hate this album . P > It 's not trance , it 's progressive . Which is why they had to rename the cd series . -LRB- Why they just could n't start a new series is beyond me ... -RRB- . That 's not a problem , even though I hate progressive as much as I hate techno . The trouble is , it 's awful , uninspired , bad progressive -LRB- instead of the typical just boring and dull progressive -RRB- , coupled with horrible DJing.If you want progressive stuff done right , get Digweeds 's recent albums . It 's boring , too , but at least it 's well done . Or Sandra Collins ' pre-tranceport stuff . This is just awful . -LRB- If you want actual trance , get Suzy Solar 's Perfect Trance ... -RRB-
 As someone who listens primarily to electronica and thinks Max Graham has produced some excellent remixes/tracks , I thought I would love this album . Unfortunately I would characterize most selections as boring , uncreative , and forgettable . Sure there are a few neat tracks , like the slickly produced and slightly sinister remix of Conjure One 's Redemption , but there is not enough material here for one CD , let alone two.This album is not recommended unless you desire some background music that does not draw your attention .
 Cast your mind back to the late 90s when Oakenfold produced the masterpiece that is Tranceport . It was awesome . Not a bad track on it . Groundbreaking , euphoric House/Ambience/Trance - it probably stayed in your CD autochanger for months , it may still be there . It set high standards and was a hard act to follow - no doubt about that.Truthfully we all know each follow-up Tranceport CD , despite a few truly great tracks on each CD , has not matched expectations . Indeed each has been worse than it 's predecessor . But even so this Max Graham effort is a disgrace . John Prescott could have done better . It does not derserve to be part of this now benchmark series . Do not buy it.I ca n't offer you any decent insights into the 2 CD set , one listen is enough . Life is too short to waste time looking for something subtle or meaningful in a poor collection of pulses and beats that never go anywhere . This transport gets you nowhere . If you want a good ride , time to look somewhere else . Sorry .
 The new CD in the Tranceport series is dire . In a market where innovative progressive house/trance mix CDs are released every week , this new complilation does nothing to stand up to the competition and is positively dull . Although well mixed , there is nothing groundreaking here . If you 're expecting an exciting musical journey , then do n't bother buying this . You would be better off playing with your own organ !!
 Yes this CD has some hits but it does not even begin to caputure whats really real about Too Short . He is the man and I know his greatest hits/808 's are not found here . Quit playin !!! you are misleading young listeners forealdoe !! If you want to know about Too Short get at least the first six CD 's they are straight `` old school gangster ride '' you 'll love them . Too Short is rap !!!
 Always loved Solomon Burke , but was very surprised at how poor this album is . Save your money and pick up some of his studio work .
 I was very dissapointed when I listened this CD . All these reviews on here makes me wonder if there was a different version out there that I did n't hear . This CD is totally lacking in quality . 112 or their producers seem to have forgotten that 112 's strength is in there slow songs the way they let the listener feel the emotions in their voices . This CD has no songs that will grab you and keep you coming back . The best track is ` Do n't Hate Me ' with Twista . ` Smile ' was a lame try at trying to put some emotion in the album while ` Player ' & ` Do What You Got ta Do ' drove away their female fans . Think about songs like ` Cupid ' or ` Your Letter ' even upbeat songs like ` Only You ' or ` Anywhere ' you wont find anything of such caliber on Part III . They even used a beat from BIG 's album that was totally out of place -LRB- the dead wrong beat -RRB- . Bottom line buy it used or better yet burn it . If you are a true 112 fan and got their first two albums then you will feel me and you will be making a mistake on Part III if you buy it .
 First lem me say that I was a huge 112 fan , but this album does n't live up to expectations at all . The only worthy songs on this album are Dance With Me and Peaches and Cream , and to be honest , even they are repetitive and below 112 's level . My advice is ditch this CD and pick up their self-titled 112 album .
 I 'll be frank . I 'm a professional club DJ , I have 2000 or so CD 's . I listen to everything in the world except country in my spare time , and I have to say , If you 're looking for hip-hop/new soul/R & B , skip past this CD.This group is slick , like an overly produced and sound engineered product . They produce hooky spineless pop , not R & B. They 're no more R & B then J. Lo is Latin music . Look elsewhere , like to Erykah Badu , Angie Stone , Amel Larrieux , and The Roots , to name a few .
 After listening to the 112 pt 3 album i must say i have not heard such a boring cd in a while . there are about 4 good songs and the rest are just a waste of space and time ...
 Everyone who reviewed this cd must have listened to a differentcd because when I listen to this cd two days ago all I heard werewack songs . Trust me buy there first cd if you want ok songsbut every track on this cd is wack besides the song with twista.And thats the cold hard truth ... But if you still do n't believeme then go ahead and waste you money because I warned you ... The other reviewers are just trying to deny the fact that they bought a terrible garbage cd .
 This will probably be my final word on this CD . First of all , let me clarify some points . The honourable critic from Madison , on the 22nd of March mentioned the Oscars . Obviously the honourable critic of Pittsburgh should get an eye check for not seeing that . Now , as for me being an amatuer ... well , `` ha ! '' . Look at the arguments in the review from Pittsburgh
 It seems like John Larkin -LRB- a.k.a. Scatman John -RRB- is a happy family man and possibly just recently turned into a daddy . How else could you explain such babyish lyrics to his songs ? This supposedly newborn child of his must be his lyric writer . No sane grown man could POSSIBLY compose a single song like `` Scatman 's World '' , for instance . I admit it ! I had to sit and listen to it to see just how unbelievably bad it was , and by the time the song finished , I had the impression I had walked out from hearing a grown man 's impressions of one child at a nursery ! It 's absolutely repulsive , what some people have to do to get money .
 Well , what can I say ? After listening to this CD , I stopped and realised that several minutes of my life had passed , and for what ? For a series of childish songs with as much musical creativity as a tone deaf Arabian camel . Honestly , we waste time and money allowing this stuff to be recorded ? There are people dying with hunger and we spend money on someone who 's lyrics sound like a new born baby ? Please , do yourself a favour and do not buy this sad excuse for music .
 As a fan of PFM from the beginning -LRB- I even own the much loathed `` PFM ? PFM ! '' -RRB- , this album rates even below that in my book . The only redeeming quality is that Patrick Djivas -LRB- bass player -RRB- gets to shine more on this CD than on previous ones . That 's it . Very disappointing . 2 stars only due to allegiance .
 Title basically says it all . I liked Jaktens Tid , Midhattens , Trollhammaren and Nattfodd alot . Alot of reviews I 've read about this sounded good . I might be the only one but I found this boring . But I do give it credit on being unique . I do n't recommend this but I can see why alot liked it .
 After we watched this I came back to Amazon to see what kind of reviews it got . I was surprised that it received 5 stars out of 5 . Now I realize there is not a lot out there in terms of Jewish Holiday movies/videos . So I really really wanted to like this . But I honestly did n't , and my 6 year old daughter was rather unimpressed as well . The puppets were ok , but the story was `` meh '' , and the songs were repetitive and boring . My daughter was making fun of the video as we watched it together.Look , for $ 3.99 , I would recommend you check it out and make your own opinion . Apparently I am in the minority here because 5 other reviewers rated it 5 stars . If my daughter liked it I would probably have given it at least 4 stars , but if this video could n't even entertain a 6 year old , 2 stars is the max I would give it .
 NOTE
 This album was accidentally purchased because of `` one click '' when I was switching between two other applications ... $ 9.49 was n't worth complaining to Amazon about . However , $ 9.49 is worth complaining about the utter garbage called `` music '' from this download.Stay away unless you have no taste in music .
 NOTHING ESPECIAL THIS CD IS NOT I ONE CD U 'LL LIKE IT I GUESS NEED MORE BEAT MORE DANCE MUSIC , MORE REMIX SO ... NO MY TYPE OF MUSIC
 The only hot thing about this CD is the guy on its cover . Always bought CDs from Ultra series but this one is a big no-no .
 I 'm writing this second review because my first one did not get published . Imagine that -- censorship and I think the worst word I used was `` sucked '' . I 'm going to say it again
 I 'll be frank . I 'm a professional club DJ , I have 2000 or so CD 's . I listen to everything in the world except country in my spare time , and I have to say , If you 're looking for hip-hop/new soul/R & B , skip past this CD.This group is slick , like an overly produced and sound engineered product . They produce hooky spineless pop , not R & B. They 're no more R & B then J. Lo is Latin music . Look elsewhere , like to Erykah Badu , Angie Stone , Amel Larrieux , and The Roots , to name a few .
 After listening to the 112 pt 3 album i must say i have not heard such a boring cd in a while . there are about 4 good songs and the rest are just a waste of space and time ...
 Everyone who reviewed this cd must have listened to a differentcd because when I listen to this cd two days ago all I heard werewack songs . Trust me buy there first cd if you want ok songsbut every track on this cd is wack besides the song with twista.And thats the cold hard truth ... But if you still do n't believeme then go ahead and waste you money because I warned you ... The other reviewers are just trying to deny the fact that they bought a terrible garbage cd .
 I was very dissapointed when I listened this CD . All these reviews on here makes me wonder if there was a different version out there that I did n't hear . This CD is totally lacking in quality . 112 or their producers seem to have forgotten that 112 's strength is in there slow songs the way they let the listener feel the emotions in their voices . This CD has no songs that will grab you and keep you coming back . The best track is ` Do n't Hate Me ' with Twista . ` Smile ' was a lame try at trying to put some emotion in the album while ` Player ' & ` Do What You Got ta Do ' drove away their female fans . Think about songs like ` Cupid ' or ` Your Letter ' even upbeat songs like ` Only You ' or ` Anywhere ' you wont find anything of such caliber on Part III . They even used a beat from BIG 's album that was totally out of place -LRB- the dead wrong beat -RRB- . Bottom line buy it used or better yet burn it . If you are a true 112 fan and got their first two albums then you will feel me and you will be making a mistake on Part III if you buy it .
 First lem me say that I was a huge 112 fan , but this album does n't live up to expectations at all . The only worthy songs on this album are Dance With Me and Peaches and Cream , and to be honest , even they are repetitive and below 112 's level . My advice is ditch this CD and pick up their self-titled 112 album .
 lem me start of by saying i was reeally dissapointed with this documentary . having fast forwarded practically all of the video because of the bore . only good reason to own this dvd is because of some unreleased art work from the band AND the music videos that is in it `` sexy boy '' , `` kelly watch the stars '' , `` all i need '' , and `` le soleil est pres de moi '' . the music videos are really entertaining to watch . Fav . video `` all i need '' . besides that the documentary really bites . everytime the band would be in an interview all u ever got to hear was the reporters questions and thats it , the video would cut off to another scene as soon as the french duo would open their mouths , questions that i was really interested in knowing the answers . besides that theres that annoying camera thats always panning left to right in practically every scene -LRB- it goes so far to the left and right that u see the walls 75 percent of the time and of the band 25 -RRB- you get practically no info on the the band , and when it was over i was still in the same place as when i put the dvd in . i absolutely love AIR but this documentary doesnt do it justice . Good only for the videos and art work .
 This video 's pretty old but I thought I 'd contribute a review of it anyway ... Being a big fan of Air 's music and videos , I was really looking forward to something special with this video but it really is the most boring bag of rubbish I 've ever payed money for.It 's so disappointing.All it seems to be about is the Air boys dossing around with their mates `` Phoenix '' and Beck 's backing band ... It 's such a ridiculous idea to just simply release this `` documentary '' when they really should have made it as a supplement to the full concert . ... In terms of music , all we are `` treated '' to are some short clips of them performing live but not enough to make it interesting ... But it does have two redeeming features which is possibly worth the price of buying the video
 And boy am I bitter . Were the makers of this documentary trying to make some profound statement about the differences between America and Europe ? How long does it stay entertaining to know that most people have n't heard of Air ? Could they not have injected the band members with drugs -LRB- stimulants , preferably -RRB- and given us something more interesting to watch than each of them staring blankly , in turn , into the camera for thirty seconds ? Could they not PRETEND to have some entertaining quirks or know some interesting stories ? Since Air is largely souped up easy listening , could n't they have played some music in the background more than just one song at the beginning ? All right , I 'll admit , the scene where they walked through the hotel , knocked on their door , and walked inside was riveting -LSB- sic -RSB- , but it did n't add to the `` continuity '' . My fellow viewers -LRB- owners of the tape -RRB- decided to rewind before the credits finished , and I am left with the feeling of having squandered much more than an hour . This failed even from the `` get to know more about them '' angle ; it revealed squat , and one could have read everything ever printed about them in the span of this ploy .
 This is not an exciting video to watch - quite the contrary
 Me being a die hard AIR fanatic I decided to purchase this documentary despite the bad ratings . I did n't learn anything about AIR on neither a musical nor personal level . This is probably the worst documentary I have ever seen . Terribly disappointing .
 This is by far the worst band `` documentary '' I 've ever seen , and I 've seen many . A documentary covering a band on tour could be A -RRB- amusing , B -RRB- informative , C -RRB- silly , D -RRB- wild and crazy , or any combination of the above . What it should n't be is frightfully dull . Granted , Air is not a rock band and throwing furniture out the hotel room window is not something you 're going to see , but there 's so much standing around watching air waiting . The title does not lie
 I purchased this DVD with high expectations of seeing the band perfoming Moon Safari live . While there is some footage of the live performance , its no where near what you 'd expect . The title is correct , this is more of a documentary than about the band playing music . A little of the documentary style would have been fine , but when the entire DVD is full of people talking about how great the band is and , well , it just gets old . Like others , I would have much preferred to see the band performing live and less of the filler . I wanted to see how they were going to create the vocals , and what types of instruments they used.The music videos on the DVD are the only reason I keep it . I prefer the remix of Kelly Watch the Stars on the DVD , its a bit different from the version on Moon Safari .
 This came out when I was in college . I remember listening to it in a friend 's dorm room and laughing out loud . Well , I listened to it again last night , and it just is n't that funny . He yells out his catch-phrases to uproarious laughter . Big deal , he said a catch-phrase . There was n't even a creative set-up to the catch-phrases like there was on SNL . He just seems to be riding on his SNL popularity . There are a couple of funny lines , but it just does n't sound like he was working hard . This is not a comedian at the top of his craft . I realize he was a new and different kind of comedian . I also realize that listening and not watching takes away something . But I 've been listening to CDs of a lot of the classic comics lately , and this just does n't measure up . It does n't come close to his first album , Let 's Get Small . I do love the Tut song , and if you were breathing at the time , you get it . It was never funnier than when he did it on roller skates on the Tonight Show . Watch it on Youtube if you can find it . Sorry Steve . I love a lot of your stuff , but you just were n't working that hard ; you were relying on your celebrity to get you laughs and cash .
 Steve Martin has become a cultural staple in the comic community . With hysterical films and outlandish Saturday Night Live performances , it would be obvious that Martin would be a great choice to do a comic album . Well , in this film guys opinion , you are going to need to be a big fan of Martin to stomach this album . His humor is offbeat , never quite following a pattern or direction . Instead of actual jokes , he resorts to making noises on the album that I am sure are funny in person , but listening to it just comes off a failure . His `` Cat Handcuffs '' bit is humorous , but the rest becomes obvious that somebody was looking to cash in on Martin 's popularity . I would have loved to see Steve Martin in concert during his younger days , I am sure that he would make me laugh my socks off , but it just does n't translate well to day 's style . I am sorry Steve , but I liked your other album better.Grade
 My apologies to all those who respect and like Steve Martin - please do not take it personally . To me , there are some stand artists who are good , and there are some who have reached the status of Holy Cows . You can not touch them without invoking an avalanche of `` NOT HELPFUL '' button-clicks -LRB- watch this space folks ! -RRB- . To me , in this Hall of Tired and Not So Funny Humor there is Monty Python , Robin Williams and yes - Steve Martin.I do not think Steve Martin is even a good actor . He is as one-dimensional in his on-screen act as he is in his stand-up performances . Some of the jokes might have been funny 25 years ago , today they are just sad . Incidentally , he shares the same sad charcteristic with Robin Williams
 Jay-z paid for the wickedest talents . paid this talent by sampling the recording and didnt give tax to the talent of buying the sample of 24-Carat Black -LRB- theme -RRB- so if he wants to soe what he is into he should give these talented people what they into . better money cuz he didnt even give them any authority to rule what was once a hit to his agnologing of there super art and made super pay .
 When i bought this CD i did n't expect much , and my expectations were way too high for this crap . The singer of these songs sounds nothing like Scooter . I would not advise anyone to buy this at all .
 This has to be the worst batch of cover songs ever . I am a big CoLD fan , but this is just horrible . I did n't buy the cd , thank God , instead I just listened to the clips provided . I swear I was laughing for a half hour after hearing this , it is that bad . It sounds nothing like CoLD , the singer really needs to learn how to sing too . He sounds like Andrew W.K. mixed with Micheal Jackson . I swear I heard a moog -LRB- keyboard -RRB- playing one of the guitar solos . Just listen to the `` Cure My Tragedy '' cover and see if you do n't laugh . You got to love the way he says tragedy , `` tragedayhey '' , AH HA HA HA ! I just **** my pants laughing so hard !
 Has one of my fav tracks on it `` Spirit in my life '' . but as a whole cd my mind kept wandering . The first 2 tracks are killers . shame about the rest .
 AFTER BEING A MIAMI LOCAL AND SEENG HIM MIX LIVE , I AM SOOOOOO DISAPOINTED ABOUT THIS CD . ONLY THE FIRST 2 SONGS ARE GOOD , THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS TRULY A BORE . I DONT KNOW WHAT HAPPENED WITH THIS DJ . I 'D RECOMMEND YOU SPEND YOUR MONEY ON OTHER ALBUMS . GET THIS ONE AND YOU 'LL REGRET IT !
 SPIRIT IN MY LIFE FAR AWAY THE BEST TRACK , SKY AND ELECTRO TERAPY ARE GOOD HOUSE TRACKSTHE REST IS REALLY BAD ...
 What a disappointment ! After the iconic , slippery-smooth title song , most of the rest of the CD is just middle-of-the-road elevator music . If you 're looking for a great blaxploitation soundtrack , get the 25th anniversary edition of Curtis Mayfield 's Superfly , or Across 110th Street , with Bobby Womack 's brilliant vocal .
 I was very disappointed.So much that I sent it back the day I recieved it ! WAY TOO SLOW
 I 've heard other trax by Timo on compilation mixes that I really liked . When I found this used I picked it up and then played it with great anticipation.It has to be the most boring and monotonous trance CD I 've ever listened to . Just the same thing over and over . Why bother with 2 CDs ? This all could have been boiled down to just one single track.Please , no maas !
 This cd is good for the very first two tracks , which the first is a KMFDM cover of `` Terrible Lie . '' Suprizingly , I like this rendition of the song alot . The second in which is Rosetta Stone 's rendition of `` Closer . '' Although the original Closer beats this cover 10 fold , this is still done quite well , despite it not being Trent Reznor.Other than the first two tracks , the rest of this cd is just terrible . . the only thing that would come close to good other than those 2 is the Razed in Black rendition of `` Sin '' which actually starts out MAJORLY like the originally done Nine Inch Nails version of Sin ... then dwindles into a mediocre cover.All in all , get this for the first two tracks , or download them . Other than that , track 3 is an `` iffy '' and the rest of the cd is crappy covers , which are dubbed by me as an insult to all that is Nine Inch Nails .
 This cd has one good cover . That would be Pig 's Head like a Hole . But you could download that for 89 cents . Most of all NIN covers suck . Just buy all NIN music , these cover bands are not very good at covering . It 's always the same -LRB- not very good -RRB- goth/industrial bands that do tributes and Hot Topic compilations . But if you like this cd , then you 'd probably like the Marilyn Manson tribute albums , they are also filled with terrible cover songs that are ruined mostly by the vocalists ... But , if you are interested in Tribute cd 's for the excuse of hearing new underground artists , I suggest bands like , HexRX , Bile , Punish Yourself , Hanzel und Gretyl , Imperative Reaction , Combichrist , Velvet Acid Christ , Unhelig , KMFDM , Unter Null , Zombie Girl , and Wumpscut . Start with these to get a new taste in you mouth.All NIN CD 's You Should Have : BrokenDownward SpiralFurther Down the SpiralCloser To GodFragileThings Falling ApartAnd All That Could Of Been -LRB- Live -RRB- With Teeth
 i am a big nin fan but these songs dont do trent justice at all and i feel he would frown upon this so called `` tribute '' . more like a disgrace to nin . DONT BUY !! THE SONGS ARE TERRIBLE !
 What a disappointment ! After the iconic , slippery-smooth title song , most of the rest of the CD is just middle-of-the-road elevator music . If you 're looking for a great blaxploitation soundtrack , get the 25th anniversary edition of Curtis Mayfield 's Superfly , or Across 110th Street , with Bobby Womack 's brilliant vocal .
 Not near as good as there two prior releases . About 3 decent sons . Ronnie does better with the beal growl not the high pitched squeal . Worth a spin but that is about it .
 I do n't like rock or whatever you call this , but as people metal heads -LRB- or whatever you like to call yourselves -RRB- keep reviewing rap albums , and leaving your moronic opinons on their , i thought i 'd do the same.I 'm hardcore , check it out.I feel that this album touches the deep reccess of my soul and explains to me the pain and agony of my generation . No one can understand this like me , for i am the only one who can truely comprhend the incomprehinsble vocals , and the loud throbbing noise you call a beat .
 Valeriy Gergiyev , the most dull , most uninteresting and most non-Russian conductor in the world , is doing his best to make all foreigners think that russian music should be performed like a mixture of Rossini and Wagner . The `` Tsar 's bride '' , on of the greatest operas ever written here sounds like a cheap provincial recording . The worst singers are Olga Borodina and Marina Shaguch . Listening to them is like comitting suicide . Choose one of the three Bolshoi versions and enjoi real RUSSIANS , singing a real RUSSIAN opera . From Moscow , the greates opera city in the world , with love , V. M. K.
 Twelve tracks are officially listed for this item . However , the sole reviewer alludes to twenty-eight tracks and cites some musical selections which are not on the official list . Can someone clarify this anomaly ?
 Having worked in the same office area where Stroman 's late husband -LRB- Mike Ockrent -RRB- worked for a film studio , I know this musical started out as a film idea researched and developed by Ockrent 's staff , which was then rejected by the film studio ... and that Stroman 's next project , an Emile Zola adaptation , was originally an idea presented and initially developed by Ockrent ` sassistant -LRB- ! -RRB- , it is difficult to listen to the music and not be jarred by some of the unkinder truths of the show 's true origins . The music itself is somewhat mediocre , but not terrible . When you know where ideas were plucked from , th enjoyment level is severely marred . As an album , there 's not much here that 's knock your socks off . Just some average toons . It 's probably most enjoyed by those who saw and had fun at the show .
 Where have they gone wrong ? A Tony winner for pre-recorded music ? What a mistake -- how it beat out the competition is behind me ! Structured like `` Fantasia '' with disparate styles and music , it works better on stage . The CD comes off like a hodgepodge with no cohisive basis or connection to the other segments . Better to see it in the theatre -- or maybe on video , if there is to be one . The Lady in Yellow is so dynamic in person that I missed her listening to the music . And where is Van Morrison 's `` Moon Dance '' ? Overall , a disappointment .
 Love Stro -LRB- especially her work in The Producers -RRB- , but who did she have to sleep with to get a Tony for this dreck ??? It 's so jarring to have classical one minute and rock the next . The real stunner -- on stage at least -- is The Girl in the Yellow Dress segment . What proceeds it is so ho-hum and unmemorable . As a CD this is Strictly Resistible.My copy of this CD went to Goodwill after one spin . At five bucks it 'll be worth it , but not a penny more .
 All the music here is pleasant enough , but it also shows how absolutely insignificant the show is . Critics raved about how Contact was the savior of musical theatre . Is this the emperor 's new clothes ? Obviously , those critics did n't pay ... a ticket for what was basically a mildly entertaining set of dance pieces that you might see on a television variety special . This album with no original music -LRB- save Boyd Gaines ' version of the song -RRB- is a slap in the face to all original cast albums .
 It 's difficult to feel mean spirited and snide after listening to Oliver Mtukudizi 's music , but I was so frustrated with the editing of this dvd I want to warn others so they do not end up with the same feelings . Though there seemed to be many cameras on stage to film the show , and at times , they had some great shots of Tuku and his band members , the editing was terrible . Terrible as in either the editor was on speed , impatient , or owed the keyboard player and the drummer some kind of special attention . During the times when you might have a chance to see Tuku and Eric Kasamba play together , which is always a highlight of the show , you instead get cuts back and forth from over the drummers shoulder to tight shots of the keyboard players hands . Not just one or two , but over and over again . There are more close up shots of key board playing hands then there are of Tuku . I counted up to 22 times in one song where close ups of the keyboard players hands occurred when Tuku and his singers were dancing together . Which would you rather see ? If you answered , `` I do n't want to purchase this dvd to see Oliver Mtukudzi , '' then this is the dvd for you . Aside from being a lot more action through editing than a film needs , it was kind of like being at a show and right when you are about to get inspired by what 's on stage , the tall guy in front stands up and you ca n't see a thing . Too bad . Oliver Mtukudzi and the Black Spirits are some of the best on the planet and I wanted to have just a little chance to see them in my living room since they are n't touring all that much these days . And , I got just a little chance , but not worth the money .
 This video brings some very good voices . Pavarotti is not exactly the best Radames ever , but his performance is no less than good . The problem is the production itself . The scenery has no charm , the triumphal march is NO triumpahl march , and the ballet scenes are just dreadful . All production is very amateur and it is amazing that such an important theater like the La Scalla was not able to bring us anything better than this . I do NOT recommend it to anyone , even if you are a great Aida fan .
 This production of Aida should , unlike small children , be heard but not seen . One imagines that , having paid for Mr. Pavorotti , La Scala had insufficient funds for sets and costumes . The triumphal march was a travesty . Glorious singing indeed , but I already have a wonderful CD ; I was hoping for a fine , or at least good performance . Not here .
 Of course , in opera the voice has to be the first priority . Perhaps we have come too much today to expect the singers to look good , but the fact is that an opera is different from a concert - and in this production of Aida , the singers seem so far removed from anything approaching real characterization , contented to assume a series of stock opera poses . What a crime this is when Verdi 's music is packed with emotion and depth.Not for a second did I believe that Aida and Radames were in love . Only in the final moments in the tomb does Chiara touch Pavorotti in the way a total stranger might comfort someone who has lost his dog . It 's bad enough that she is costumed to look like Jasmine in Disney 's `` Aladdin '' and coveys every bit as much depth as that ink and paint two-dimensional cartoon . Look at the photo on the cover - Pavorotti leaning over awkwardly , looking nothing but bored and Chiara assuming Soprano pose # 4 `` Wide Open Arms , Embracing Eternity '' . But far , far worse is the moment after `` Patria mia '' when she breaks character -LRB- such as it is -RRB- to acknowledge the applause - absolutely disgusting . I do n't care that it 's Scala or that there is some ridiculous romatic notion that divas are expected to exhibit such shamelessly self-indulgent behaviour . It is the absolute depth of unprofessionalism , uttlerly repulsive ; and it shows what a meaningless , shallow performance that is unfortunately captured on this disk.As the young reviewer on this very page states - better to go with Price 's farewell at the Met . She 's no Meryl Streep , but she acts like she gives a -- .
 This is visually one of the classiest Adas I 've ever seen , with sumptuous sets and costumes taken directly from suggestions made by French Egyptologist Auguste Mariette who had -LRB- anonymously -RRB- suggested the topic to Verdi for an opera set in Egypt . But musically this is strictly a bush-league production . The orchestra sets the tone for what is to come in an out-of-tune prelude . And their playing does n't get much better . Icelandic tenor Kristj&aacute;n J&oacute;hansson , as Radam&egrave;s , has a fairly pleasant voice but he resorts to bawling in his upper range , his acting is wooden , and frankly his big aria ` Celeste Ada ' is excruciating . But this is nothing compared to the squawly Ada of Maria Chiara who was fifty-three and whose voice was worn and wobbly when this Verona Arena production was presented in 1992 . She may have been a much better singer earlier in her career but here she is difficult hear . The secondary characters fare better
 This is an incredible Aida for Luciano Pavarotti . I have never heard him in such a good voice for a dramatic tenor role . But please cut off the video and just hear him otherwise you will be extremely disappointed by this DVD . The acting is so so bad -LRB- by everyone -RRB- . Pavarotti having his knee problem never moved on stage . Chiara 's acting is even worse . Dimitrova has an ugly voice . The best amneris I ever heard was Ghorr in the Solti , Vickers , Price recording.OVerall ... NOT recommended ... the MET production with Domingo , millo is excellent !
 First things first
 Lots was written and I will keep mine short : Good
 If you want a good Aida video , get The Met version with Domingo and Millo , Zajick , Milnes and a fantastic production from begininng to end . This La Scala version is almost funny it 's so bad . The singers just stand like statues staring at the conductor - not even an attempt to act the roles or relate to each other . The sets are comical and the costumes off someone 's old rack . Unless you are a real fan of the cast members -LRB- Pav is in good voice doing his concert schitchk , arms outstreched , eyes closed & the usual `` do n't you just love me grin '' on his face ; Dimitrova stiffly swoops and screams her way through , eyes glued to the conductor ; Chiara has poses and so-so voice with -0 - emotion -RRB- . Too bad The Met is n't available on DVD . I have tape and LD . Even on tape , it 's better than this version . Boring is the word for this performance . Verdi would not approve !! PASS ON IT !
 Aida is one of the most popular operas of the repertoire , but this DVD , released in Brazil years ago by Opera on DVD collection , the staff of the Scala di Milano stepped on the ball.The scenarios are heavy , loaded to the extreme , over-colored and a size no geekiness . The costumes are of a bad taste tremendo.Bregas and grimaces , that more resemble a costume party where everyone wants to enjoy.The makeup of the protagonists to the brink galhofa.Tudo comes together in the Triumphal March , the apex of the excess.Pavarotti 's voice is excellent , is in its best days . But his large body round Panchaia not remember a warrior ready to defend their homeland . Scaring the most passionate of Aidas.The ballet is another of the crazy antics that some of Scala resolve invent . That choreography is more boring that.The only thing left that DVD are the voices , Maria Chiara , Ghena Dimtrov and Luciano Pavarotti are singing too.Friends
 After reading some of the glowing , gushing 5-star reviews praising O & O , I was really ready for an undiscovered gem . I was pretty disappointed in this disc . First of all , it has the 12 tracks of the album presented in both mono and stereo formats , plus previously unissued , alternate versions of 3 of the songs . To my ears , the stereo tracks sound far superior and I would just as soon have those only , but then the record company would have the problem of charging you full price for a 35 minute disc . But for purists and obsessives , and for those who have n't yet figured out how to use the `` repeat '' button , the two versions will be welcome . Secondly , and most importantly , the album is just completely WIMPY ! Yes , `` Care of Cell 44 '' has a nice chorus ; `` Butcher 's Tale '' is strange and haunting to be sure ; and `` Time of the Season '' , of course , is among the greatest of pop songs . But the rest of this record was just boring , precious , and adolescent in the worst sense . I gave it 3 or 4 listens and just did n't get it , I guess . I must admit that the unissued mix of `` Time of the Season '' was interesting due to the alternate instrumentation in the chorus . One congratulates the Zombies on rejecting this mix in favor of the one we know and love , though
 Some good music here , but not enough to justify buying this CD . I bought this under the misconception that `` Time of the Season '' and `` She 's Not There '' were representative of the rest of the music of The Zombies , but they are not . Unless you 're a tried and true Zombies fan I suggest going with a less expensive , concise compilation such as Absolutely The Best . ... ASIN/B00000JMX0 ...
 This CD is very bad . I did n't find any of the songs unique or enthralling . I gave it a few listens , but the Vocals are annoying and harsh and the music is very repetitive . A smart move would be to find a new singer . I suppose this band is influenced by the New York Dolls and Stiv Bators , but Johnny and Stiv would not be impressed . Do n't quit your day jobs Black Halos !
 I believed that this dvd was seen rare video , but I found instead many no famous artists and all ugly video.the quality of this video is poor and the music is with many ustles
 I have no idea what 's going on here , but somebody is playing a joke on listeners?First of all , there are , apparently , a plethora of these `` 1940 's Christmas '' CD 's on the market , one being a three disc set , some being two and others being just a single disc?The songs vary from set to set to disc to disc.But some of the sound quality may be very bad . Further , Petula Clark and Rod McQuen , just to name two , are very definitely NOT from the 1940s ? The may have been born then , but they did not begin performing as we know them until the 1950 's and 1960 's ! Wish somebody would make sense out of what originally was a good idea from Collectors Choice .
 not the expected set of 3 Cd 's this ityem is supposed to be a coopilation of 3 cd 's not only one so no to satisfied with the product
 As a fan of 40 's -50 's Christmas music I was looking forward to listening to this CD ... very disappointed when I did . The orchestracuts were of the poorest sound quality I have lately -LRB- or ever -RRB- heard -- what 's the point ? The Rod McKuen and Petula Clark -LRB- by the way where was Petula on this cut ? -- I did n't hear her -RRB- of ` Baby It 's Cold Outside ' -LRB- in my opinon -RRB- is the WORSE recording of this song ever made.The one redeeming cut was the last of Lena Horne , ` What Are you doing New Years Eve ' but this can be heard on a numberof other CD 's . Save your $ $ $ $ $ / this CD isbad .
 After hitting the west coast underground up with some ill beats over the past few years , first on singles by Encore , Perservere and Homeless Derilix and more recently on Encore 's full length ` self preservation ' lp , producer The Architect returns for an album featuring the whole crew , Executive Lounge.Is this album meant to be a parody ? The rappers look markedly uncomfortable on the cover with phat cigars and champagne drinks . Halekost just looks ridiculous with a porcelain tea-cup . Underground crews need to start realising that they are only going to lose fans by doing this crossover shhh.There are a couple of good joints on the album . ` Identifi ' featuring Turbin is probably the best one on here , and ` Bring the Heat ' with Halekost is pretty good as well . The main problem throughout the album , however , is the underwhelming delivery of the lyrics . This is not helped by average mixing which results in the mc 's being nearly drowned out by the production -LRB- the worst example of this being Dave Dubb 's ` Unorthodox ' -RRB- . It 's not like the crew ca n't flow . Encore is one of the best rappers on the west coast , as evidenced by his solo album -LRB- which also boasts a much better production framework from Alchemist -RRB- , but on joints like ` Movement ' even he really sounds as if his heart is n't in it.Executive lounge also have to prove their worth as a group outfit , only one song ` On Contact ' -LRB- which is remixed as ` EXL ' -RRB- combines all the members . The album 's also crazy short , featuring only ten songs and a couple of interludes . Save your money and cop Encore 's record instead .
 I 'm sorry but I 'm dissappointed with this video . The album Come On Over is played out . It 's been two years since she released it and its about time we heard something new from her . The video has all her videos you can pretty much see on CMT anytime you like . There are also two videos -LRB- Come on Over & Honey I 'm Home -RRB- which only show her in concent . A complete waste of time . If you want to watch quality made videos , do not buy this tape , instead watch Faith Hill on CMT !
 sad story short , this CD is entirely in japanese . i 'm a filthy american and i cant do jack squat with it -LRB- i own a PC and it didnt work in my stereo either -RRB- . so unless you 're a computer hacking genius and you know how to work this stuff out , buy it . but if you thought you could just pop it in your computer and import it into itunes , you might want to reconsider .
 Disliked this CD . Majority of songs were played and sung very slow - sounded like amateurs rather than professionals . Definitely not worth the price . Should be sold at a dollar store .
 ... but the struggle is fruitless.I came into this CD with high hopes - After all , I had heard various magazines praise Tiffany Anders , and I knew that PJ Harvey was producing this particular CD . After listening to it for about two months , I 'm both disappointed and more than a little frustrated.The songs themselves are slow , sparse , and acoustic . If you have a tendancy towards Low or Cat Power , you would most certainly appreciate the background music.As to the quality of Anders ' voice ... well , this is where I 'm forced to take away the stars . I do not require perfect vocals , -LRB- heck , my favorite artist is Liz Phair -RRB- but there is a piercing , whiny quality to Anders ' voice that is simply unlistenable to me . I can appreciate `` unique '' voices like the above-mentioned Phair , Sarah Slean or Kirsten Hersh , but Anders ' sheer nasal whines sound , like a reviewer said before , like nails on a chalkboard.On certain songs , like `` Here I Forget '' her vocals have been toned down , and the resulting song is a gorgeous and lilting meditation of the persistance of memory . `` I 've Seen How Much Has Changed '' is practically a trio with Anders , Harvey , and a male singer -LRB- Who is this guy ? -RRB- singing together . The contrasting styles between the strong , weary tenor , Harvey 's powerful background vocals , and Anders ' own noise serves to weaken Anders ' already dismal efforts . I literally cringe whenever she starts up her third of the song.This CD had much potential - It is easy to see why Harvey would want to help Anders ' exploit her talent for song writing . However , Anders ' either needs some more vocal training or needs to join a band where she would not be the lead singer .
 I was incredibly disappointed with this album . Every song sounds the same and Anders ' song craft feels underdeveloped and amateurish . I am always on the look out for new female voices , and was excited to hear PJ Harvey had produced this album . It does not deserve the hype it is getting . If you like atmospheric Mazzy Star before they knew how to write songs , this album is for you . Otherwise , there are plenty of artists out there who are better -- save your money .
 Perhaps I need to listent o it for a 5th time , perhaps I need to get my ears checked , or perhaps , to me this CD sounded like someone was torturing cats to mellow background music . Her voice sounded like draging rusty nails down a blackboard . This is my opinion however .
 i still have not received my order . My address is 1130 Toledano St , New Orleans , La 70115 .
 On this album you will find some of the most beautiful songs Mikis Theodorakis has written and he has performed almost all of them himself on prior occasions . I prefer these recordings over this one anytime . I used to think that this was due to the singing of Mikis which sounds less powerful than on the previous recordings but quite a few years have passed and since then other recordings have appeared with Mikis singing himself and I am moved again by the force of his conviction and passion even if I still prefer to hear some of these songs being sung by Maria Farantouri.Still I am not fond of this album and the reason for this is I get so bored with the playing of the Yannis Zotos ensemble . Their dull playing and the overly sweet arrangements take every bite , drive and excitement out if the music . I recently saw a video of Theodorakis singing live in Berlin with these same , mostly german and as I understand semi-amateur musicians and I was as bored as I am here . For recent recordings I would advise listeners to look for cd 's with the -LRB- greek -RRB- Mikis Theodorakis Orchestra or the live-album `` a tribute to Grigoris Bithikotsis '' from last year where you can here a lot of Theodorakis songs being performed as at least I think they should be . For recordings with Mikis I would still recomend the old stuff over this dreary album .
 What we hear again is the same western-like melodies performed in an oriental way and sang by a bad voice.Mikis Theodorakis is a rather good composer of folk melodies but his attempt to make classical music or sing famous poets are a complete failure.What a pity for the popular composer of Zorbas and so many other tourist songs !
 To the topic of this and other SACD on the Concertgebouw/Label recording properties : The local Dutch recording engineers hired by the Concertgebouw to `` immortalize '' this or other live concert for posterity and market it in the SACD version , in the process they have come up with a faulty product.Be it as it may , from the stand point of interpretation -LRB- reading -RRB- which is not the concern here , the end product is disappointing in the Audio sense.The equipment used by the recording team here might easily be one the most advanced there is ; It is capable of capturing the sound in almost all of its clarity , with great wide frequency-range and sometimes great dynamics , but the concept of where to put the microphones and where the sound is captured from is wrong , wrong , wrong.It is wrong in the sense that they offer us a sit at the back of the Concertgebouw hall balcony , distanced and far away from where the action takes place , when there is so much better prospective over the orchestra and hall acoustics from middle of the hall , or from a sit closer to the orchestra.We should not dream here of the golden age , the dawn of the stereo era -LRB- Reiner/Strauss Also Sprach Zarathustra , a two channel recording technique immortalized by Leslie Chase for RCA , 1954 -RRB- that would be a bit like comparing oranges with apples.But instead , we can compare various recordings from this present age - recordings made on location at the same Concertgebouw hall with this SACD recording at hand : To compare , take the Rachmaninov symphony 1 & 2 -LRB- DDD -RRB- : It has all of the sonic components to boost
 Forgive the rating , but this problem needs to be fixed - we actually like the music.I was looking at the preview of the songs for the Lunar Strain album by In Flames , and thought I was listening to song # 4 Dreamscape , and then noticed that both iTunes and Youtube identified that song as # 3 , Starforsaken.Being a complete nerd , I looked at your source code , and noticed that the songs seem to be placed in an array , and that that array started at an index of 1 , rather than zero . This means that when you want to play song # 3 , you actually get song # 4 , as any good programmer knows.You might want to look into fixing this .
 Percy Jones does not appear on this one and his absence is obvious . I really like Livestock and Moroccan Roll but not this one at all .
 If you like drum thumping , bells jingling , and vocals that sound like guttural noises , buy this CD . There are no real instruments . It 's VERY authentic stuff . Recording quality is good , but if you 're looking for a toe-tapper -- this is n't it . It sounds like noise to me .
 Horrible cover photo . The stereotypical `` NobleSavage '' . I bought this CD primarily out of curiosity because it was so cheap . I think I understand why it 's such a bargain . The music itself is okay , all traditional songs of various nations -LRB- this is not the type of music usually heard at powwows . Those looking for that will be greatly disappointed -RRB- . I suppose the title is accurate
 Poor sound quality on many tracks , but for the price , ok as a very general introduction to traditional American Indian music . This CD -- with the same songs in exactly the same order -- was released a few years back by the Legacy International label as `` Authentic Music of the American Indian '' .
 Unless you are willing to put up with poor sound quality - do not purchase this CD . I returned it immediately as my HiFi reproduced the CD ` as is ' - including the poor quality recording . It was not pleasing to the ears.I highly recommend Sacred Spirit , Vol . 2
 This one just felt like it was cobbled together clumsily from whatever tracks could be found easily and which fit the general holiday theme , however awkwardly . Still , if you want a recording of Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas , this disc gives you two . -LSB- The disc I received was different from what appears on the item page
 I purchased this item for a gift as the one song my mother has been looking for the past 4 years was listed on this CD . When it arrived the song `` Star of the East '' though advertised as being on the CD was not ... also the song `` The Birthday of a King '' was not on the CD . Disappointing after I told her that I had found the song that she was searching for and then when she played it the song was n't there .
 Not what I expected . Thought it would be all Christmas songs . Not really a Christmas album.We were disappointed in it .
 I read the review about this that referred to `` Birthday of a King '' . If you click on `` Smile '' it plays the `` Birthday of a King '' sample . Like the reviewer said , `` hauntingly beautiful '' . On this basis , and because the tracks and the sample links do sometimes get mixed up within a tracks lists -LRB- not from ` way outside ! -RRB- , I ordered this CD from overseas . Well , `` Birthday of a King '' is not on this CD at all . Any other Judy Garland CDs that the song is listed on are all `` Unavailable '' . So : a -RRB- Amazon/CDNow , fix this sample errorb -RRB- fix the review referring to `` Birthday of a King `` In the meantime , I got a CD with this very special song by Judy Garland from CDUniverse . When you order from overseas , and pay the extra shipping cost , and wait expectantly , the disappointment at poor quality is great . I have ordered many CDs from CDNow over the years , but after this experience it will most likely be my last .
 I have n't even taken the CD out of the cellophane and I am already disappointed . As another reviewer has already stated -LRB- something I did not read before ordering -RRB- , `` The Birthday of a King '' IS NOT on this CD even though it is on the sample for this CD . The only reason I purchased this CD is for the song `` The Birthday of a King '' as it seems that no one else has recorded this beautiful song . Judy Garland was a fabulous artist and I am sure that the rest of this CD will deserve more than a one star rating . I guess the one star is not really for the CD but for the false listing of songs available on it .
 This is kind of like when Elvis went Vegas-y ... The voice is still decent , the music 's just sort of too Vegas-yDefinitely not Mr. B
 `` Stormy/Feel the Warm '' is the album by this great artist to avoid . He sings mostly songs that were popularized in the 1970 's . The songs here may have worked with other artists , but Billy could n't make these his own and as a result he sounds a little bit rediculous . Stick with his earlier work .
 This is not a CD , it 's a CD-R . It wo n't last as long , and wo n't play in all CD players . It 's also available on a regular CD . The warning refers to the 2009 , $ 11.98 -LRB- at this time -RRB- version .
 if you own already own criminal minded on cd you can leave this one alone , it 's nice to own a videoclip from bdp but for the other extra 's
 Just bought a second copy when I could n't play the bridge is over videoon my first copy I bought a couple years back . Same thing with this one.My computer could n't find any video on the so called `` enhanced cd '' . If you are like me and only want it for the video beware . .
 I am not sure if this is real or not , or just another bootleg . However , it is good to have the rare cuts . The 1st version of `` Stop the Violence '' I had on tape from 1988 or late 1987 when Marley Marl -LRB- yes that 's right -RRB- played it on WBLS all those years ago . He only played it like three times and done . That was a rare cut , but that is what you had on Mr. Magic/In Control then . STV should not be on the album , while although recorded a at the time , it was not a single for that albumOther cust were either put out before there was a BDP or after this album came to be , so to call this a `` deluxe edition '' is wrong and it flat-out puts the wrong perspective on this album and BDP for the new comer . I also have some other rare cuts from the period as well that are not on this album . It 's good to have , but totally misleading and not part of the album.I say only get it if you must have the rare cuts , but let it be known that those cuts were not a part of this album or the group called Boogie Down Productions . `` Crack Attack '' belongs on here and the original `` Bridge is Over , '' but that is about it .
 NICE CD , FOR IT 'S TIME BUT IT DOES N'T HAVE THE SAME APPEAL THAT IT HAD BACK THEN !
 This disc presents some 40 or so minutes worth of music by synthesiser specialists , Tangerine Dream , accompanied by spectacular time-lapse and close-up images captured in the canyon lands of the American Southwest . And while that may sound odd put that way round , it is abundantly clear that the music is intended to be the main feature here , with the images adding another dimension to Tangerine Dream 's haunting music . And , yes , if you think you 've seen and heard it all before with `` Canyon Dreams '' , you 're quite right ! This is very much a rehash of that film . It is slightly longer -LRB- not much -RRB- and with better , more polished images and stronger music . So it should be better , right ? Ah , well ... The images presented are certainly all very beautiful-although some of the repeated camera tricks become a little tiresome on occasion-and the music is an absolute delight -LRB- I 've reviewed that separately in the CD section of Amazon -RRB- . The trouble is , I 'm not entirely sure that the two actually work well together . I found that I would be concentrating on either one or the other , but never both together . I also never gained any sense of the two being actually connected in any sense.I suspect that there are two reasons for this . The first is the complete absence of any sounds other than the music . Although wind and water sounds , bird song , etc , feature in each chapter 's title screens , none of this carries through into the tracks themselves . This results in a completely artificial view of things , with the complete loss of the natural aural environment-highlighted , of course , by its presence during the title screens . This loss is sometimes very annoying , particularly during scenes which would carry a lot of natural sound-like the views of rushing water , for instance , or close-ups of the wind rattling Aspen leaves-leaving me at times with the feeling that I 'd been struck deaf ! This problem is then compounded by the lack of any cueing of visual events to events within the music , further emphasising the lack of connection between the two . For these reasons , the parts of this production that work best are those in which the images are sufficiently abstract for the brain to accept the music as the natural accompaniment to the images . The ` Reflections ' chapter is the best example of this , with colourful close-ups of water surfaces , or a time-lapsed retreat of the tide from a beach creating fascinating and oft-times hypnotic images which Tangerine Dream 's music complements to perfection . Such moments are in the minority , however , and for most of the disc , images and music actually seem to be in conflict , with each fighting the other for the viewer 's attention . Altogether a great shame!The disc 's uncompressed PCM audio soundtrack ensures that the reproduction quality of the music is exemplary . Sadly , the image quality is not of a similar high standard . Although generally good , resolution is not always as high as one would expect of DVD . Pity too that it is n't in widescreen format-a treatment that the canyons surely scream out for?If you 're a fan of Tangerine Dream , you 'll undoubtedly want this disc . Lovers of natural beauty will like the cinematography , but might just find the soundtrack a little annoying . Of course , if you 're the sort of person who tours the Grand Canyon with your Walkman in your ears , and turned up full , this is just for you ! -LRB- Let me know when you 'll be there and I 'll keep away ! -RRB- -LRB- Incidentally , this disc has no region encoding on it and will play on any DVD player . -RRB-
 I am and have been a TD fan since the Rubycon days . I had owned the Tangerine Dream CD `` Oasis '' for quite some time before purchasing the video . There is nothing technically wrong with the video , but I believe that the music stands on it 's own without the visuals . In my opinion , the video does not compliment the music . I still listen to the CD on a regular basis , but have n't been inclined to watch the video anymore .
 This album is a disaster . It deserves one star because I bought it without listening to it prior to the purchase . They turn 180 degrees away from the blues and try to rock out . My coffee cup has been resting on it on my desk after the first listen . Save your hard earned money and buy everything else they put out . The other stuff is great . This is a joke .
 Whales , too , know good and bad times , passion and boredom . If an opera singer does n't deliver full peformance , you 'd blame them for lack of enthusiasm or discipline . If a recording with whalesongs is n't overly exciting however , it is n't the fault of the animals , but that of the scientist who got them on an uninspired mood or a bad day.This is the case with the `` Echoes of Nature '' edition of humpback whale songs , which features a single track of 1 hour length . The communications shown here are somewhat monotonous , almost free from dramatic whines and cries and wall-shaking grunts , and you get the idea you 're listening to everyday chit-chat . It does n't help with the analysis of the recording that the booklet contains no whatsoever information . This is just unprofessional and decreases research value . Who recorded ? When and where ? How many animals , what was their situation , and what other species do I hear in the background?Ergo
 I was really disappointed with this CD . I was n't expecting much - environmental CD 's tend to be like wine , the more you pay the better the quality . I purchased this to stock up on whale song samples -LRB- long story , do n't ask -RRB- but this one I played once and promptly put back into the CD shelf where its been gathering dust.I 've only sold a used CD of mine 3 times , many years ago , but this one actually has me thinking about dropping by my local Used CD store to pick up a buck or two in store credit .
 Shirley Scott , On a Clear Day . Good 1950s-1960s jazz organ-trio music , maybe a little restrained . Unfortunately the drums were mixed too loud and they stand out in a distracting way .
 With the departure of Ulrich Roth , the Scorpions underwent a dramatic and obvious change of style - from unique and non-commercial to blatantly commercial . Nothing wrong with commercial -LRB- if it 's good -RRB- , but clearly the guys had not yet found the refined sound of such albums as Blackout and Love at First Sting . The only good songs on this album are the title track and Loving You Sunday Morning ; the rest are either sleepy ballads or run of the mill `` rockers '' , all noise with no melody . Simply put , LOVEDRIVE is a lousy effort except for two songs . The previous album Taken by Force presents a far more interesting format with less obvious commercialism . Do n't waste your time with this one - you 're not missing much .
 I bought this from Gayle and Zak from Plano , Texas and it came in broken . And amazon does not reburse any open VHS items . How else can you tell that the tape is not broken by not opening it .
 This album is a disaster . It deserves one star because I bought it without listening to it prior to the purchase . They turn 180 degrees away from the blues and try to rock out . My coffee cup has been resting on it on my desk after the first listen . Save your hard earned money and buy everything else they put out . The other stuff is great . This is a joke .
 When I read `` Classical '' I expected Christmas songs and hymns . I was surprised and disappointed that it was truly Classical music , not anything I knew . As a very beginning harp student I was looking for examples that I could listen to and hope to learn from . Maybe in a few years ???
 We must be entering the era of streaming and leaving behind downloads for good , because I purchased this , downloaded it , and receive nothing but error messages about it . This is about the fourth or fifth album this has happened with , so I guess there 's nothing more to say . I recommend Spotify !
 There was only one good song on the disk dont waste your money
 The dolphins screach , it 's awful . The birds are peircing . The ocean sounds like it was done in the sound studio with guys spashing in a tub with their hands . A much better ocean c.d. is North Coast by Echoes of Nature . Check it out .
 I agree with the last reviewer . This sounds like it was recorded on a Mr microphone !!! Get Echoes of Nature 's Bayou instead !
 This cd is my first from this band . From the soundbites they sounded interesting but this is my biggest disappointment from newer prog bands . They fit in better with Spandau Ballet than any where else . The vocals are too sappy and melodramatic and the guitar work is just ok until he starts trying to go beyond his talent level . The rest of the band is adequate but seem to be limited to their frontman .
 Be aware ! The tracks currently listed for this album as of 5/13/09 are incorrect ! Amazon has this album confused for another . Just look at the cover art . Some of the correct tracks are there and they are not the same as the `` listen '' samples provided . I was foolish enough to buy this CD without carefully examining the cover . It should also be known that the sound quality of the ACTUAL tracks is absolutely horrible . Do not buy this disc!The correct track list is as follows :1 . Just A Little Misunderstood2 . Sparky Rides3 . Red Ballroom4 . Why Does It Go On5 . The Day Will Come6 . I Just Got Some7 . Shake8 . Bright Lights , Big City9 . Keep Your Hands Off Her10 . Ai n't That Loving You Baby11 . Do n't You Tell Nobody12 . Moppers Blues13 . Just Like I Treat You14 . Wide Eyed Girl On The Wall15 . Got My Mojo Working16 . Baby , Come Home17 . Can I Get a Witness18 . Baby Take Me
 No stand-out track , non-professional performances , poor production . Any budget , or industry contacts , at all ?
 ... i played this all the way thru the day i got it ... i played it sparingly the next day ... and later that evening i took it and my receipt back to the ` wrecka sto ' and exchanged it for a copy of atcq 's ` low end theory ' ... five years ago i woulda been all into this , but nowadays , i jus be sooooo closed-minded ... sorry ...
 The first several tracks on the CD have the song title and artist offset by one . So when you play it in a modern CD player or load it into iTunes , the tracks are mislabeled . For example , track 3 has the name and artist for track 2 . The company is in Argentina . I think that it 's just a bootleg copy that was burned poorly . The songs are all there though .
 One star at best . Put me to sleep . Could have listened to my other Santana cd 's with same result . Actually my other cd 's sound better than this one as far as reproduction goes.Have to agree with the Ohio viewer
 It would have been better to buy a music CD instead of buying a DVD to listen to Santana music showing only some colored video clips of mother nature .
 > > why carlos santana would put his name on a technolgically out-dated waste of time is the only mysterious quality worth noting regarding this questionable piece of work ... > > the music could be entrancing , if someone had bothered to go beyond STEREO ... > > our 8-channel surround was craving activity ... oh , well ... time to go searching somewhere else > > the computer-generated scenery was boring and redundant ... no IMAX competition here > > just sad for the waste of potential ... a little less surrealism & a pinch of forethought might have resulted in a less disappointing experience ... . my old 8-track gave a more satisfying Santana experience
 It 's not even average . It 's below that ! There are a couple of tracks that are not so bad -LRB- like 4 -RRB- and some average tracks and a couple of terrible ones . The weirdest thing about this CD is actually the production . Like I said some of the songs are nice but most of them are either bad or have horrible , quirky beats . I ca n't believe Motown released this . I listened to samples of Shanice 's 2005 CD and I did n't like that much either but it sounded better than this crap ! Get Shanice ` sInner Childalbum -LRB- it 's bangin ' -RRB- , her first CD , `` Discovery '' -LRB- heard it was really good -RRB- or her self-titled album , `` Shanice '' . Those are better offerings than this mess . Skip it at all costs ! 2 stars .
 I love Shanice 's music , but I did n't like this album 10 years ago , and still do n't . It started the trend going now of the 18-19 producers crammed on one album . She had too many on there and the album dragged as a result when I listened to it . I nearly fell to sleep in the middle . Some numbers sound too slow and slushy . I liked Turn Down the Lights . But that 's the only strong song out of a stale album . I do n't know why she did n't have just R. Kelly , Jam and Lewis and Babyface on this album instead of cramming 18-19 producers that gave her some bland songs , some dull material and songs that just do n't match with her very great voice . She was excited about turning 21 for this album , but the album did n't sound like it to me . No wonder it bombed so badly . Her '91 album was much better than this and the '99 album was far more superior . This set the standard for some uneven-sounding R&B albums during the '90s . Disappointing !
 The Retrosic 's last album , God of Hell , was fantastic -- I personally regard it as one of the best Industrial/EBM albums of the decade . It 's so good , I just put it in my player right this second . Nightcrawler , however , is a complete fall into mediocrity . From the lame lyrics , to the forgettable music , this is just garden-variety stuff.The best thing about God of Hell was that the songs were all perfectly crafted , with highly memorable melodies and unique beats . The samples were very well-chosen . The lyrics were not original , certainly , but the vocals were actually distinctive -- a gritty and sometimes whispering growl that distinguished itself from the high-pitched screeching -RRB- that filled most EBM albums at the time -LRB- nothing wrong with screeching , I 'm just saying . The whole feel of the album was menacing . Listenting to it felt like being hunted down.In contrast , everything just seems tired here . The vocals , instead of sounding sinister and creepy , just sound pedestrian -- very `` grunty '' . The melodies are humdrum . The beats are just not catchy.Just skip this album entirely , and pretend that God of Hell was the last that The Retrosic recorded .
 Dumb song ... and I 'm a huge hockey fan ! I thought maybe this would be a good song to play while the team was on the ice -LRB- in between plays -RRB- but you 'd only like it if you love bad country music .
 if your a fan of L.A. GUNS , you already know what a waste of money this cd is . if your just getting into this great band do your self a favor & stay away from this disc . go pick up the albums `` man in the moon '' & `` waking the dead '' . you 'll thank me later .
 This CD sucks ! There is barely any rhythm in any of the songs on this album . This `` mix '' was put together poorly so there is no flow between the songs at all . I hope that I have written this in time to save others from making a bad buying decision !
 I bought this CD remembering a time when I heard him at a local church , but is really disapointing , did n't like it at all
 I bought this cd based on what I had heard in the previews on amazon , and I must say they are way too good for the album . Each song except for rust are hard to listen to for more than 30 seconds , because they are just power chords and screming , there is very little thought behind it , and it sounds like death metal , which was not what I was hoping for . Its not bad but for the black metal that we have heard from Darkthrone its a giant let down . Buy it only if u can listen to each song preview over and over again for 5 + minutes .
 BM fans have always been accused of bad taste . It always seemed that BM albums required a minimal level of bad production and out-of-key-instruments in order to be considered as good.This is n't the case here . Production is much better than most Darkthrone 's albums , and music itself is catching and very in tune.So , What 's wrong with this record?Well ... It 's PUNK for crying out loud!As a BM fan myself I 'm dissapointed to read the reviews below . `` Black metal album of the year '' one says , `` Dark and evil '' adds another . Guys ? Are you OK ? Have you actually listened to `` Det Soarter No '' or `` Striving for a Piece of Lucifer '' ? No fellas , What I hear is Punk . Bad Punk . Blink 182 drums , Combined with Sex Pistols riffs , Performed by aging men that lost any musical talent . Crap.People , Darkthrone WERE a great group up to `` Transilvanian Hunger '' . But after that , like most bands , they just ran out of ideas . Do yourselves a favor and save your 15 $ for something better than this .
 A far cry from `` Just Correct '' which was VERY FUNNY . `` Girth '' was way too short , there were no extras , and the jokes were the same ones I heard at Ralphie 's live shows . Really not worth the $ 15 . I am a BIG Ralphie fan from Last Comic and I have seen him live 3 times , so I was expecting alot more . I was very disapointed .
 When I ordered this CD , I understood that it featured Charlotte Church . However , I find no trace whatsoever , on this CD of Charlotte Church 's magnificent , spellbinding , clear voice . The credits on the cover refer only to `` Charlotte '' and `` Kim English '' . Even the drawing on the face of the cover , in no way resembles Charlotte Church . I can not imagine Charlotte Church producing anything so awfully disappointing as this CD was to me . Please tell me that this is not one of Charlotte Church 's CD 's . - Old Herb , San Francisco
 This album is the most uncreative stuff I have ever heard . Made by stupid stoned people . Not musical in any way . Nothing but a drum machine for the duration of all tracks . Not worth the postage ... or raw materials used to produce the CD . I give it no stars .
 Charlotte has the most beautiful and angelic voice I have ever heard . On the sample clips , I can not hear her voice . I have all the other tapes and CDs of hers , and I rate them with five stars . I wish I could hear this new one in total ; perhaps it is a problem with the sample clips and not with her talent .
 The new `` Babylon 5 '' soundtrack for the recently released `` Lost Tales '' film marks many returns in more ways than one . This CD is the first `` Babylon 5 '' soundtrack to be released since the original TV series was cancelled and it 's also Christopher Franke 's first full-length CD release in nearly seven years.With this said , the CD itself has wound up being largely disappointing . While there are some excellent moments heard here , the music is mostly the same orchestral retreadings that have been the heart of Franke 's music for over a decade . In other words , there 's really nothing that sounds fresh here . Also , instead of the music being arranged into lengthy suites as on the previous main `` Babylon 5 '' discs , we are treated with 28 short cues that begin with promising results but abruptly end before anything begins to take off.In the end , Christopher Franke 's soundtrack for `` Babylon 5 - The Lost Tales '' will only appeal to the die hard fans of the series as well as Franke 's music . This CD is probably Franke 's weakest album and leaves little to be desired . 40 minutes of mostly short music cues just does n't cut it . Sorry .
 i was looking for a rare version of this . some sellers lead you to think it is another version with Judy Dench . That version is so much better !!!
 You may also know this album of `` The Art of Seduction Belly Dance Music '' . I almost purchased it again not realizing that it was recycled with a different cover . The CD is good when you need or want very traditional music with an emphasis on vocals . The recording is not the best . It really should have been digitally remastered before putting it out again.If you dance in a very traditional atmosphere or just want something in the back of your music collection just in case - then this is a good one.If not , skip this one .
 I really like Liza Minelli , but this CD is so disappointing . Her rendition of Love for Sale is almost unbearable . And I really did n't need a French version of Liza with a Z. God Bless The Child is an insult to Billie Holiday .
 Glenn Hughes ' voice was obviously shot by this final leg of the tour , so instead of maybe just shutting his mouth or taking it easy , he still `` tries '' to sing . But it must hurt with the vocal chords being that worn out . So he instead howls and shouts and does a good job of mucking up most of the vocal sections he shares with Coverdale . Most notably ruined ; Stormbringer & Burn.Great live set otherwise , especially when they do songs where Glenn 's vocals are not necessary . It is reasonably priced for a 2CD set , but look for a used copy first if this sub-par vocal performace has you feeling wary .
 Slow dead music which sounded like 40 's Tango music playing at half speed on bad equipment ! I almost cried that each and every track was so painfully awful . I would give it to the Goodwill but do n't want to be caught dead with it in my posession . Guess I 'll sill swing by late at night and throw it over the fence !
 Even if this CD is going for a penny used , do not buy it . It is terrible . I 'm sorry to the band that recorded it , but c'mon . The singer is a hack , and his voice is unlistenable . Throw on a Train disc if you need to hear these great songs . Trust me . Run away .
 This DVD is a joke . They took the title by it 's words . So , 75 % of the footage shows one-legged veterans trying to ski in the Rockies and stuff like that . Travis can only be seen from time to time and his music is wasted as a background for the veteran paralympics footage -LRB- or whatever you 'll call this boring stuff -RRB- . In no way I want to dishonor the american veterans . But this is NOT the right platform to honor them . I believe there is not a single Travis song that can be seen in it 's entirety . There are fade ins and fade outs on the songs and viewing handicaped vets balancing on one ski is not realy what I want to see when I buy a Travis Tritt DVD .
 Gary Numan was obviously looking for direction by time this album came out - why else would he cover TWO Prince songs ? Oddly , `` U Got the Look '' emerges as a decent track here . A few others - the title track , the ballad `` I Wonder '' , and `` Cry '' are worth a listen or two as well . The rest of the album - enh .
 Thats what this should be called , for thats what it is . % 80 of the songs on this album can be found on the `` On Stage '' album , which , mind you , is all from the SAME show . it gets two stars for `` star gazer '' and thats it becuase `` do you close your eyes '' is just a average song and all of the rest sound exacty like they do on `` On Stage '' . The main probablem with this is that its all taken from sevral different live shows and it sounds kind of stapled together unlike `` On Stage '' which is a smooth atmosheric , consistant live experience . How many people do you know that have been to a concert ? most likely they will tell you about what songs were done that night and what experiences thay had ON THAT NIGHT , not sevral nights scattered across the country . just get ON STAGE , it blows this boot leg quality recording to hell .
 i 'm sorry but this really is sad , a 60 's jam ethic here puts me to sleep.ritchie sounds great as always , so that alone deserves it two star rating from me.cozy 's drumming has always been overrated , too clumsy styled , he 's considered a great , but it falls on my deaf ears why he is , he 's got only a tenth of the talent that bonham , ward or paice possesed.pass !
 This album is pretty good ! Songwriting is solid and the overall performance is very good . The problem is that this album features such a poor sound quality that ruins the album completely . Also , the drum machine that is used on the album is very boring and dated . Otherwise a good album , but I recommend new SG fans to start with `` Carved in Stone '' or `` Tyranny '' .
 Goldfrapp is a spectacular accomplishment as a band and a personality , but this CD of remixes falls flat like so many remix CDs do . If you do get this , do so because there 's a bunny on the cover , that 's about it . There is n't even one track I would recommend . While the Spanish `` Calexico '' cover of Utopia , is unexpected , it 's not terribly outstanding . And the Let 's Get Physical cover of the UK Girls I can do without , though to Goldfrapp 's credit they do a reasonable job of turning this into a `` Goldfrapp '' sounding track . Possibly the only track of genuine interest on this CD is the live version of Human , which sounds alarmingly close to the album version but with out the intense low end . And there 's a Utopia dance remix and a blippity electronica remix -- the usual fair . It 's just that the proper album is already so fantastic these tracks do n't explore that . But if you have a burning love of remixes , or you like to dance , you might like this CD .
 One needs only two Sex Pistols ' albums
 this is the 2nd worst band in the world behind simple plan . this song is awful and it makes me wan na throw up . this is just a pop band that all the teen girls say is punk . if you want real punk music you should get Offspring 's Ignition . that albums spits on this pop trash .
 Clarence Carter has a wonderful voice that really oozes soul of the Southern variety , and he 's in not really in bad form here . The songs -LRB- for the most part -RRB- are solidly written and veer from heartfelt ballads of love -LRB- `` I Was In The Neighborhood '' -RRB- to his infamous lustful tales -LRB- `` Strokin ' '' -RRB- - not all are great , but there are several good ones.Many of these songs were big hits , particularly with older fans of R&B . Unfortunately , they were recorded in the 80 's and suffer greatly from the production sins of that decade . Linn drums , drum machines in general , synth basses , MOR synth strings , you name it , it 's here . Perhaps the most offensive aspect of it is that his vocals are buried in the mix , below layers of drums , and even the backing vocalists have more oomph behind them than Carter 's voice . While this is truer with some songs than others -LRB- `` Dr CC '' is one of the more flawed tunes , for example -RRB- , none of the songs are entirely free from it.Given that Carter 's brand of soul is so innately organic , the heavily-dated machine-oriented production style found throughout is much more offensive than similarly produced records from the 80 's . I suppose Men Without Hats or the Fixx or Kajagoogoo used these same production techniques to their advantage , it 's just not what I want to hear on a Clarence Carter record . You ca n't fault most of the songs here , but fans of southern soul are better directed to `` Snatchin ' It Back '' , a compilation of Carter 's material for Atlantic , recorded in they heyday of southern soul and with an appropriate sound for the music.Koch deserve demerits for including nothing in the way of liner notes or release date information for these songs . It 's almost as if they knew people would stay away if they knew . I would have !
 '' THE ONLY REASON I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM WAS BECAUSE I SAW FROST ON THE COVER , WHEN I HEARD THE ALBUM I WAS LIKE , `` IS THAT IT ? '' THE FIRST 3 SONGS ARE STRAIGHT WACK AND E 4O PUTS LITTLE LYRICAL EFFORT INTO HIS CONTRIBUTION ON `` FO SHO '' . THE BEATS ARE REAL OLD FASHIONED BAY AREA STYLE . IT IS DEFINITELY UNAPPEALING TO THOSE WHO ARE FROM OTHER PARTS OF CALI . OR THE REST OF THE NATION . ITS BASICALLY AN N2DEEP ALBUM , TRYING TO ACT LIKE A BUNCH OF ITALIAN MAFIOSOS , 2 STARS WAS GENEROUS ... I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!!!!!!! OH BYE THE WAY , YOU WILL BEG TO HEAR FROST ON THIS ALBUM BECAUSE THESE GUYS ARE SO WACK . ''
 i m glad frost wasnt on this album that much he is wack beesh spits that heat anyways who wants to hear frost
 I 'm sorry , but I ca n't stand this song . And what the hell is techno/disco/punk ? I think we 're getting a little too out of hand with classifying music . I just do n't see what 's so special about this song , the vocals are annoying , I 'm not digging the disco-feel to it . Personally , I think it 's trash .
 I 'm afraid to tell you all that I know first hand that every artist on this album has been ripped off by this `` ZE '' -- which does n't really exist . The `` E '' of ZE is for Esteban . Every artist that 's still alive on this -- and even the photographer who 's negatives he stole -- is really angry at this release , because he ripped off all of them and still does . Not one artist has been paid for any of the use of masters on this , and the release of this album is illegal . We know he lives in Paris but does n't have a formal business residence , and is trying to make a fast buck by STEALING money from Lydia Lunch , James Chance , and all the others here . I personally have reported this as a bootleg to the Harry Fox Agency.Be warned , do n't support jerks like this . But the albums from the artists instead or official releases . Visionary artists have to eat , pay the rent , etc. just like you , so pay them the respect of buying something they can earn a living from , and not from criminals like Estaban who disrespect the very people he rips off .
 Lil Crappy rhymes like a dude with his nipples pierced . Money in the bank is the best song on the album and it is lukewarm at best . This guy is a candidate to be the all time best wal mart greeter in the history of Wal mart . Lil crappy is the classic example of why people are turning away from rap and going toward other genres looking for music to appreciate . All these modern versions of vanilla ice , young mc , etc. need to get off the mic and let someone who knows how to spit 16 bars have a shot at it . Support Mos Def , Nas , and Ghostface 's new albums !
 First of all let me clearly state that im from Atlanta and I am a diehard fan of Lil Scrappy and that is why it breaks my heart to tell you that this CD is garbage . Besides Money in the Bank there are no other standout cuts and it is a shame because the underground mixtape he dropped with DJ Don Cannon early last year was on fire , He and Cannon delivered all new tracks and there were all on point , that was of course before 50 's influence which brings us to our problem . The influence of Curtis Jackson A.K.A 50 Cent is very clear on this album . I like 50 but he knows little of the way we make records down south . If the G-Unit boss would have just stayed out he way and let Scrappy pick and choose his own tracks , verses etc. everything may have been fine . The guy is a control freak and as a result nobody in the `` A '' is pumping this and it is a shame because when Scrappy is on point the boy is unstoppable . This CD is garbage plain and simple and 50 's influence is going to put the the crown prince of the south 's career in serious jerpody unless he quickly wise 's up . This is an honest review from a fan that has been down since day one.I have bought all the mixtapes and everything else he 's dropped but , im telling you If you the consumer buy this Cd you will regret it and to Scrappy ditch the G Unit do what 's in your heart and get back to business .
 Clarence Carter has a wonderful voice that really oozes soul of the Southern variety , and he 's in not really in bad form here . The songs -LRB- for the most part -RRB- are solidly written and veer from heartfelt ballads of love -LRB- `` I Was In The Neighborhood '' -RRB- to his infamous lustful tales -LRB- `` Strokin ' '' -RRB- - not all are great , but there are several good ones.Many of these songs were big hits , particularly with older fans of R&B . Unfortunately , they were recorded in the 80 's and suffer greatly from the production sins of that decade . Linn drums , drum machines in general , synth basses , MOR synth strings , you name it , it 's here . Perhaps the most offensive aspect of it is that his vocals are buried in the mix , below layers of drums , and even the backing vocalists have more oomph behind them than Carter 's voice . While this is truer with some songs than others -LRB- `` Dr CC '' is one of the more flawed tunes , for example -RRB- , none of the songs are entirely free from it.Given that Carter 's brand of soul is so innately organic , the heavily-dated machine-oriented production style found throughout is much more offensive than similarly produced records from the 80 's . I suppose Men Without Hats or the Fixx or Kajagoogoo used these same production techniques to their advantage , it 's just not what I want to hear on a Clarence Carter record . You ca n't fault most of the songs here , but fans of southern soul are better directed to `` Snatchin ' It Back '' , a compilation of Carter 's material for Atlantic , recorded in they heyday of southern soul and with an appropriate sound for the music.Koch deserve demerits for including nothing in the way of liner notes or release date information for these songs . It 's almost as if they knew people would stay away if they knew . I would have !
 If you are looking for pleasant background music , this `` soft jazz '' take on flamenco will do . It is harmless enough , as long as you do n't let it dissuade you from listening to the genuine article .
 This album is good as any proof that musical talent is not inherited.This Bechet has none of the intestity , skill or unbridled `` inspired abandon '' of his famous namesake , and this album merely trades on Sidneys ' great name . The least said about the Neanderthal drumming of English Bwanna-be Martyn the better . It is sad that the great talents of Ed.Garland & Alton Purnell are wasted on such mediocrity , it is certainly an impossible task to expect them to make Leonard or Martyn swing . Another G.H.B. lemon ... Maybe they should curtail Martyns `` drumming '' since his archival work carries real weight .
 What 's that a joke ? ... . i listened to the samples and ran inmediatly away from my pc !!! scary ! ... lol ...
 Do not buy this CD!I do n't know who these people are , but they are terrible . I could make a better tribute CD to Outkast than they did . Its good for a laugh maybe , but thats about it . Lyrically and musically amateur or worse . Save your money .
 Came without the wanted Mrs Steven Rudy CD . I now have a great picture of MM , but no CD . Amazon has already credited my account , but I still have no CD , and am concerned that if I reorder will have a repeat performance
 I wish I could give this issue a strong recommendation . The performances are done in that big and boldly romantic way that are exactly what Rachmaninoff 's works crave . Unfortunately , a severely out-of-tune piano in the First Concerto virtually destroys whatever momentum and style that performance can muster!The Rhapsody , so richly tuneful , luckily does n't suffer from this fate and the fine , straightforward performance brings out all its charms . You may not find the pianism of the likes of Rubinstein , Ashkenazy , or Rachmaninoff himself here , but it is a more than adequate account.The sound in both works in close and full , perhaps lacking the lustre of the finest engineering , but certainly adequate . But that plinky-planky piano in the Piano Concerto # 1 robs this issue of a big thumbs-up .
 This album was only okay . There are some enjoyable tracks but most of them had very monotonous lyrics . I tend to like Japanese music when the lyrics are sung in Japanese but most of the tracks on FPM Best were in English and very banal as a result . Not surprisingly the tracks that I did like were in Japanese , Portugese , and French.I 'd say if you can get this cd for the price of a normal one , then it 's worth the money . It 's definitely not worth the money otherwise .
 112 are a group akin to Destiny 's Child , Profyle , Next , et al in the sense that their songs get played out , despite the fact that they have nice voices . `` It 's Over Now '' is really no exception to the rule . It is the most horrendously played song on Hot 97 here in New York and probably elsewhere . No offense to them , but you see , a song can be great fun to listen to at first . But once it starts getting played , over and over again , on the radio , after a while you get sick of it , and then move on to the next best thing . I do n't have much of an interest in seriously overplayed songs , I know what I like . If you still like stuff like this , go ahead , then . I do n't mean to be judgmental or anything , I 'm just expressing my opinions .
 I ca n't believe the ratings on this score ... 4 's and 5 's ? Really ? This score is truly awful . Written in a one-joke operatic style that quickly becomes excrutiatingly boring ... wit and style is replaced with crudeness and vulgarity -LRB- granted it 's Jerry Springer-inspired -RRB- in the libretto.The performances are fine , but one listena to these discs -LRB- which takes forever -RRB- and you note three things
 There is enough amusing material here to make a sketch on SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE , but not enough to stretch into a two-hour 3-act `` opera . '' Mock opera is more the phrase , as it sounds the way non-opera fans think true opera sounds . There are no great voices in the cast , and the recitative gets bloody tiresome as we wait -LRB- in vain -RRB- for any real tunes to appear.The TV travesty known as THE JERRY SPRINGER SHOW is already a paraody of itself . . so how can one successfully parody a parody ? You ca n't . Richard Thomas and Stewart Lee created the score . Their wit is limited to schoolboys making rude comments . Examples ? Just look at the song titles
 This band consists of posers that have no talent and have an awful style . This song is one of their most annoying pieces yet and it is no wonder that I see it all the time in discount stores for a dime and stuff . Do n't get this single plesae .
 sorry . this series in my opinion has gone way south . the last ` back to mine ' that really got me was the dave seaman mix . this album turned out for me to be a real let down . the mix sounds like something i would here from some chump wanna-be . ... sorry to any hard core rollo/sister bliss fans , but i guess you can tell i 'm not one of you .
 Wow I 've had bad cds but this one tops them all . I can notunderstand how people rated this with 5 and 4 stars . This cdis boring and stupid . There were however two songs I did like , but I already had them on other cds , better cds . Please do notwaste a cent on this junk .
 This confusing release simply consists of the first 3 -LRB- of 6 -RRB- songs on The Ian Gillan Band 's 2nd LP , Clear Air Turbulence , with 7 of the 10 songs on their 3rd studio release , Scarabus . One star for a purely pointless release , as any real fan will want to have both complete LPs . This CD is a ` Poor Boy ' indeed , but no ` Hero ' !
 Okay . So the NOW series and Totally Hits series do indeed have a couple of `` censored '' versions of the tracks selected , but with 20 tracks per CD , it can be overlooked . `` Only Hits '' looks promising , even with only 12 tracks , but get to `` I Write Sins Not tragedies '' , and the word God is wiped out every time it is connected with the word `` damn '' in the chorus . How ironic that a song called `` I Write Sins Not Tragedies '' is tragically censored ... . Therefore , do n't expect uncensored versions of Yung Joc , T.I. , E-40 , James Blunt , etc. ... On the bright side , Cassie 's `` remix '' is not remixed , but just an extended version with rap , running nearly a full minute longer than the 3:49 CD version . Danity Kane 's `` Show Stopper '' is also not really much different than the original mix .
 I 'll admit , I bought this CD because Kristin Chenowth appears on it -LRB- she sounds fabulous , by the way ! -RRB- . Turns out Daniel Rodriguez is a decent singer.However , one listen to this CD is probably all it will ever get from me . For starters , the choice of songs is horrendous . It was as if a bunch of people got together and voted on the sappiest , most overblown , most tired songs ever written , and these were the top choices.On top of that , the arrangements are completely unimaginative . Several of these songs could have been saved by interesting arrangements , but apparently `` boring '' was the theme the arranger was seeking.My biggest complaint , however , is about the production . So much reverb has been added to Daniel 's vocal as to almost obscure it . Usually reverb like that is only used to cover up serious flaws in the performance , which does n't seem to be the case here -- the vocals themselves seem fine . That would indicate to me that it was justa a terrible choice made by the producer . Adding to the production problems is the poor use of the stereo sound field in regard to the orchestra
 Greatness , what is the meaning of this word ? To be great requires a lot of displicine on your part . You must do what is right for your songs , reqardless of how you feel or your emotional make up.In this particular case , I think Daniel short changed himself in his choices . He choose the same arranger that he had used on his debut cd . This I feel was a big mistake . The person that he used is not what I would call a who 's who in orchestra arranging . This persons ' speciality is in jazz and not romantic standards . There are a lot of tunesmiths out there that I feel could have done a better job on this project.Without question , Daniel has that great voice , but there is more to this story than voice alone . There is arranging and repertoire and even engineering . To be able to put all the pieces of the puzzle together is what I would call greatness . The big names like Frank Sinatra and others all knew how to make everything work for them . Daniel needs to learn how to make things work for him , too.In conclusion , this cd is a little bit better than the debut cd , but there are miles and miles of improvements that need to be made before the G word can be used .
 More half-baked reinventions of Enigma ... yawn ... 10 years after Enigma was really big . I dunno , is that considered stylistic or just plagiaristic ?? AND WHAT IS WITH ALL THE YAKKING ?? The guy is so busy telling me to relax and feel the music that I ca n't relax and feel the music.This is the second Schiller album I 've listened to and I guess it 's just not my cup of tea because he 's now 0 for 2 in my book.If you 're an electronica nut and you find Enigma just a tad on the schmaltzy side , then you WILL NOT enjoy this album .
 I was quite disappointed by this album . I am a huge fan of techno/dance/electronic music and of Enigma , Delerium , and similar groups , so I figured I could n't go wrong with this , based on the reviews . I was mistaken , though.I must say that the German talking IS very annoying . I did n't think I 'd mind it that much , but dang ! There is too much of it , and it 's spaced awkwardly within the album . The music itself is not all that impressive , either . I ca n't put a finger on what exactly it is that annoys me about it , but it definitely does not sit right with me . I think it 's pretty boring and uninspired.Maybe I just need to listen to it more .
 Besides for the pretty decent centerpiece , but lead-off , track there is n't much more to hang your ears around than static sound manipulations at this point in the electro pioneers career , on what seems like a glorified demo disc .
 This album could have been a classic , but too much of it kills itself . A `` song '' of nothing but breathing noises slowed way down is not an artistic statement , or is it wierd . It comes off like pretention . That happens too much in this album , like one long rant from someone who does n't know what they 're talking about . Yet it does have its redeaming moments . Kling Klang is a real artistic piece that is almost transportational . But as a whole , it falls short . It 's a visionless , dirrectionless , conceptionless disapointment . But if you are like me , a compulsionary completist , and you just have to have EVERY kraftwerk album pick it up while you have a chance .
 Those Kraftwerk fans who are not familiar with Kraftwerk 's earlier material will be surprised , and maybe a bit dissapointed , by this album . Having read Pascal Bussy 's book about Kraftwerk , I was somewhat prepared for this album.There is really only one worthwhile track here ; fortunately it 's also the longest track here and that 's KlingKlang , the seventeen and a half minute song that opens the album . Essentially , it 's just Ralf and Florian playing flute , guitar , bass and electric piano over a pre-programmed drum beat from an electric keyboard , with the tempo slowing down and speeding up.It is easily the most musical thing here.On the rest ... well , there 's a big difference between being experimental and being bored and having no idea what you 're doing and Kraftwerk sound VERY BORED and very lost on most of this . ATEM consists of nothing but someone breathing and snoring into a microphone.STROM starts off with someone diddling around on the electric guitar before it finally settles down and almost becomes a song . I 've actually grown to really enjoy STROM ; it 's a very hypnotic and melodic song and is another highlight of this album.Alot of this sounds like they just turned on the tape recorder and started playing around.There is very little to recommend about this album musically because there is very little MUSIC on it . Kraftwerk , even at their best , were never a very exciting band and this is easily their most boring album . There are barely any melodies here , or vocals , or percussion . This does n't even make good background music ! -LRB- Well , SOME of it does , like STROM and KLINGKLANG -RRB- . It 's still worth checking out if you 're a Kraftwerk fan . . just do n't expect much!Another thing worth pointing out ; the version I have of this on cd has the wrong picture and credits inside . According to Pascal Bussy 's book on Kraftwerk , this is supposed to be the picture and musicians for Kraftwerk 's first album , which I highly recommend , by the way !
 The biggest problem with this CD is the recording , which makes it difficult to judge the actual music . The guitars are in the back of the mix , then the drums , and the vocals are prominent . It turns out this band has two vocalists , but unfortunately the genius producer has placed them in the same stereo position -LRB- slightly to the left , kick drums slightly to the right , same positions for every song -RRB- , so you ca n't really differentiate them . It also does n't help that all the words sound like `` Yaaah ! Yaa ya da yah yaah ! Yaaaah ! '' , all on the same note.Although they are classified as black metal , the music itself could be death or thrash if the vocal was changed -LRB- same with Enthroned , whose live CD I recently heard -RRB- - not much necro atmos to be found . But their actual music is good -LRB- what I could hear of it -RRB- - good riffs and transitions , well played.Kult ov Azazel are probably a fun band live , but their weaknesses show up on record -LRB- beneath the poor mix -RRB- . On the basis of this recording , I think they should seriously consider getting a specialist vocalist in , who could add a bit of light and shade to the vocals , and maybe make the words more intelligible .
 Kult Ov Azazel is one of the rawest USBM bands I 've listened to in a long time . This album is intenely brutal from beginning to end . There 's no atmospheric touches here , just an all-out assault that will shred your soul . After a while , the songs all sound the same . Try listening before you buy this .
 Hello . Personally , I am finding it very , very difficult to find a GOOD Gamelan CD . In my opinion - this was not one ! I do n't want a Gamelan CD with anything on it but the ambient soft purcussive tiny gongs ! I do n't want nasal singing . I do n't want see-saw violin-like string instruments . I do n't want shrilly flutes . I bought this album and played it once . I ended up giving it away . I hope the person I gave it to does n't resent me . If you are into that `` raw , underproduced , barely engineered sound '' then you might dig it . Next time , bring your microcassette recorder to a bonfire shindig in Bali . Same sound quality .
 Maybe it 's just me , but am I missing something here ? After I had read the reviews of this album , already being a big Handsome Family fan , I had expected Last Days to deliver in the HF tradition . It does n't . Gone is the eerie feel , the other worldiness of HF 's other albums . Instead , this is an insipid lineup of what I would characterize as ` ordinary country ' tunes . It is n't that the lyrics miss their mark . But they lack their usual impact because the melodies -LRB- and the production -RRB- do n't support the spirit of the song 's story . `` Poor Lenore '' , `` White Dog '' , or `` Fallen Peaches '' do n't pull the listener in only because of well-crafted , Poe-esque lyrics . It 's also Brett 's belief in what he 's singing , no matter how softly , that helps take us out to the desert -LRB- or frozen field -RRB- . This album feels passionless to me , as if Brett himself does n't really believe in them . The songs just wind up being middle of the road , I 've - heard-this-before country tunes one could toast marshmallows to , or sort laundry . Handsome Family could tour alongside Willie Nelson with this album.If you like your soup room temperature , if you 've never stepped up to a hole in the ground and wondered what was at the bottom , if you prefer travelling the well-lit highways instead of the backroads , you 'll probably like this album . If you are a Handsome Family fan looking for more dead passenger pigeons , pass this one over and order yourself one of the other Handsome Family releases . That 's exactly what I 'm going to do as soon as I 've completed this review .
 I heard a review of this on NPR that was glowing , exuberant , and basically suggested that the tragedy of the Morells disappearance after a single LP almost 20 years ago was tantamount to the burning of the library at Alexandria . Ummmm , no . Maybe tantamount to the disappearance of Joey Silverman 's Bar Mitzvah boys following the performance at the Cohen affair , but not much more . This album is ... ummmm ... cute , unremarkable , and umimportant . The fact that it represents a return from a 19 year hiatus is even more disturbing .
 Admittedly , I 'm not a fan and never review music , but have to endure their music on the radio so I 'll leave a quick comment . Have you ever listened to music that made you want to climb to the top of the nearest building and hurl yourself off ? This is that kind of music . Especially tortuous is the cover of `` Do n't dream it 's over , '' one of my favorites when performed by Crowded House . However , this bands bubble gum , muzac inspired version makes you pine for William Shatner .
 Those that have dismissed Sixpence as a band that does really awkward covers will have plenty fuel for their fire after listening to this . There are not 1 , not 2 , not 3 , not 4 , but 5 covers on this compilation of songs that someone , who obviously never listened to a Sixpence record in their life , slopped together with all the precision of a toddler eating a bowl of spaghetti . And it 's a mess.First off , this is not the best of Sixpence None the Richer . Not by a long shot . I see a grand total of two songs on this CD that would make my own personal `` best of Sixpence . '' That would be the break out single , `` Kiss Me '' -LRB- which is still a brilliant pop song damnit -RRB- and the inspirational `` Melody of You . '' It 's not all a total loss . New song `` Loser Like Me '' is winsome and Beatle-esque . There is some justice to the band 's cover of Sam Phillips ' `` I Need Love . '' The band 's edgier side sees the light of day to some extent with `` Angeltread '' and `` Within a Room Somewhere '' from their classic 1995 release , This Beautiful Mess . But why why why did the Japanese version of `` Kiss Me '' warrant inclusion . And only one song from their brilliant debut , The Fatherless and the Widow?Shame on Word Records . They had a chance and they blew it . To call this a B-sides or rarities compilation would have been fine , but calling it a `` best of '' is not only misleading , but downright blasphemous . And I , a long time fan , demand retribution .
 This is in reference to all those people who said that Toby Lightman 's version of `` Real Love '' was better than Mary J. Blige 's . Apparently , Mary is still making albums , putting out hit music , AND getting radio airplay . And where is Toby Lightman ? I REST MY CASE !
 I truly do n't understand how she can have such a high rating at amazon.com . I first saw her CD out on display at the music store , came and looked her up , there were so many great reviews I thought i 'd give her a try . Unfortunately , I was sadly dissapointed . Her voice is annoying and the music seems monotonous . Perhaps she does have talent a few years from now but as far as this album goes - i would n't even put it in my buy used list .
 I 'm sorry , but I take issue with a previous review that says Toby Lightman 's version of Real Love is much better than Mary J. Blige 's . WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN SMOKING ?!!! I do like Toby Lightman but I 'm sorry , no one , and I MEAN NO ONE , can sing Real Love better than Mary . It was her first single and one of her signature songs . And not only that , if Mary had n't given her permission to sing the song , Toby would n't have butchered it .
 How dare you even attempt to butcher Mary J 's song ? have you ever heard the orginal . . She does n't this song a very injustice !
 i might have this album , but i was n't gon na get it in the first place . i actually went to sam goody to see if skye sweetnam 's cd was there . i was looking through all the shelves -LRB- i evetually realized it was n't there -RRB- just in case i would find something else . i was looking through a rack . i saw a cd in front , but i wanted to check theback . on the security seal thing on top , it said `` toby lightman . '' i thought , `` she sounds familiar . '' so i picked it up and realized she was the singer of `` devils and angels . '' even though i do n't really like that song , i decided to get it just incase the other songs were good . but no. 1 . leave it inside - has NO beat . bad lyrics . i could n't stand it .2 . devils and angels - the stupidest teeny-bopper song ever . it does n't sound teeny-bopper , but the lyrics are . just pay attention to them ! '' 'cause i used to have angels '' - yeah , i do too . `` that used to watch over me '' - so original . every artist who sucks has at least a song with a line like that . `` when love was not a stranger '' - love is a stranger . just ask my crush . `` but love ai n't what it used to be '' - i do n't get it . she only said that so it would rhyme . `` and i do n't want these devils '' - if you have angels , we obviously know you do n't want devils . `` they 're knocking at my door '' - like line # 2
 First of all , let me say that Phil Keaggy 's guitar work in general is excellent . I love Master and Musician , and I love his instrumental works from the 90 's on . I also really like his collaboration album , `` Invention . '' Furthermore , he is a great role model as far a being a devout Christian goes and he 's been a huge inspiration for me . So when I got `` What a Day/Love Broke Thru , '' I thought , Two albums ! How can I go wrong?I 'll tell you how I can go wrong . It 's two albums of boring . I do n't mean to sound harsh , but it seems there are two Phil Keaggy 's . The modern and the classic ? The awesome and the corny ? The Rock and the New Age ? That 's the best way to describe these albums - Not rockin ' and very New Age . If you like that style , more power to you , but it is not for me . I like the Keaggy that ROCKS .
 With a southern-fried-mushroom-tinged version of Dylan 's Subterranean Homesick Blues , High Treason meshes southern sixties rock with mild psychedelia nicely . Only two stars as it is too mild for me -LRB- not enough fuzz guitar -RRB- , but if you prefer Jefferson Airplane era psych with female vocals and a pleasant mix of organs and guitars then High Treason is your style . Listen first , then buy.Check out Gear Fab Records fro more great psych CD 's .
 I bought this cd because I had heard a sample of the vocal called Mantra of Joy . I would have been very happy if the entire cd played this version of the mantra from beginning to end . Unfortunately the other selections/interpretations of Ohm Tara were absolutely awful . I love the beauty and timelessness of ancient invocational and sacred music . Why folks ruin the spiritual effectiveness of that music by putting a contemporary flair to it is beyond me , but they should so state that in their marketing so buyers are not expecting something else .
 While the songs on this CD can honestly be called harsh in their depictions of reality , they fall far short of fairytale stature in their repeated lack of resolution . This seems more an album meant to justify the hardness of being a man rather than offering insights into nature of this hardness . The singer 's voice seems strained on some of the songs , but the listener is unable to tell whether this is from emotion or from vocal limits .
 this album is typical fab . hiding behind rnb singers.i thought fab was gon na come out swingin because he said ny never left , how we gone bring it back . but he never represented any thing except rnb .
 Come on bro !? This is the worst album I have ever heard from Fabolous Sport ! Listing to this album makes me want to put him on Comedy Central for a Roast Session ! And the Roasters should be the idiots that put him in this position for him to sell out like he did ! Absolutely disgusting !
 Disappointed w / this one . Only like 3 tracks and those did n't even meet my expectations .
 Well just got done listening to fab 's album and after a blood vessel popped in my eye I decided to write a review . The two stars I gave for the album are for the beats only . The lyrics on this album are weak and infantile . On return of the hustle fab uses Beyonce 's lyrics -LRB- to the left , to the left -RRB- to describe what he does with his money . Diamonds -- '' they ai n't got one problem with this , square face watch look like spongebob on the wrist '' ?!?!?!??! Also in diamonds he dropped a K-FED line `` lotta karats but not the one 's bugs bunny 's snacking on '' LMAO !!!!!! This kat is weak as hell . Change up featuring akon made me feel like a rash was growing all over my body and on real playa like me he is bragging about being a metrosexual -LRB- LOL -RRB- . The hook done by Ne Yo was kool but the hook with the song with Jay z on it was wack . Overall verdict , do n't buy this album with your own money . Trick some one into buying it for you so it wo n't be a lost on your behalf .
 Its really funny how everyone who rated this album over 4 stars either bought the CD based on `` Make Me Better '' alone or are under 13 ! Is this what mainstream hip hop has been reduced to ?
 It 's hard to define Fabolous . He has n't quite had an outstanding career so far , but he 's still not a terrible rapper , but rather a mediocre one . He 's got a good , genuine flow to his raps , but does n't quit stand-out even half as much as he should , regardless that he hit home run with the party jammer `` Young ` n '' and the soulful `` Into You '' with Tamia . And that gets even worsened on From Somethin' to Nothin ' , since every song except `` Yep , I 'm Back '' has a guest star or two , but that does n't mean Fabolous has a terrible album going , it 's just cookie-cutter and littered with guest spots that take away most , if not all of Fabolous 's spotlight . And with that , Fabolous hides his identity through most of the songs and the guest stars and beats are what make them truly valuable . There are some party songs that will keep the summer cooking
 I 've never been much of a Fabolous fan , but he still had some good songs from time to time , like `` Young 'n -LRB- Holla Back -RRB- '' and `` Breathe '' . Now that he 's on Def Jam , that probably accounts for why his latest album is titled From Nothin ' to Somethin' because he 's now part of one of the most -LRB- if not THE most -RRB- successful labels in urban music . Sadly , he still does n't have a whole lot to offer.You can especially tell that this is a Def Jam album because it 's littered with guest stars ; aside from the intro , Fab is only alone on one song , `` Yep , I 'm Back '' . But that song is really the only song on here completely worth listening to . `` Change Up '' and `` Make Me Better '' -LRB- featuring Akon and Ne-Yo , respectively -RRB- are okay , but there are just too many shortcomings . Several of the songs have wack choruses , like `` Diamonds '' , the hidden track `` I Shine , You Shine '' , and especially `` Joke 's on You '' . Swizz Beatz also fails to impress with his usage of Wu-Tang Clan 's `` C.R.E.A.M. '' on an already questionable `` Return of the Hustle '' . Fab also has a habit of using bad metaphors , especially when he 's talkin ' to the ladies , like `` there 's options in breakup/Don ' t you ever play pool ? '' -LRB- `` Baby Do n't Go '' -RRB- or `` you need to leave them burgers alone and make a steak upgrade '' -LRB- `` Real Playa Like '' -RRB- . And the obligatory dancehall crossover , the Junior Reid-assisted `` Gangsta Do n't Play '' , really is n't about anything . There 's also another Lil ' Mo collaboration on here , `` What Should I Do '' , which has teenagers writing to Fab about their problems . Who told him he was Dear Abby?For some reason , Fab and company also keep mentioning something about `` coming through the window like Brotha Man '' -LRB- makes me think about that Martin marathon on TV One a few weeks ago -RRB- . Fabolous may be on the Def Jam roster now , but it does n't do anything for his album because it 's more nothin ' than somethin' . Anthony Rupert
 I got two words for this album
 Fabolous , a rapper who reps Brooklyn , emerged in the early 2000 's . His first three albums , `` Ghetto Fabolous '' , `` Street Dreams '' , and `` Real Talk '' , spawned radio hits such as `` Ca n't Let You Go '' , `` Damn '' , `` Young ` n '' , and `` Breathe '' . Hearing `` Ca n't Let You Go '' made me pay attention to Fab , and I decided to pick up `` Street Dreams '' . I really liked the album , but I never checked out his first or third offerings . Now he 's back with his fourth record , `` From Nothin ' to Somethin' '' . After a couple of listens , two things are obvious
 HERES ANOTHER WEAK ALBUM FOR DA POP BOP CROWD . ANYONE WHO FINDS THIS ALBUMGOOD MUST NOT LISTEN TO THE ROOTS , PHAROAH MONCH , MOS DEF OR MEGALON . ITS ALBUMS LIKE THESE THAT HIP HOP IS IN DA SHxxTER . PRE SCHOOL RHYMES LIKE `` I 'M FLOSSING , NOW I 'M BOSSIN ' , WHY HAVE DA CAKE , WITHOUT THE FROSTING '' - WACK !!! AND LIKE USUAL FAB CA N'T HOLD HIS OWN LIKE A MAN WITH NO ARMS . . HE GOT HELPFROM THE INDUSTRY 'S TOP CHART TOPPERS : JAY-Z , AKON,JEEZY-ECT . -- PITIFUL
 In 1988 we had Big Daddy Kane . In 1994 we had BIG E SMALLS . In 2001 we had Jay Z . In 2007 we have ... . Fabulous ? LMAO . Actually , in 2007 we have Joell Ortiz , Maino , Saigon , Uncle Murder , etc. . All is not lost ! LOL
 I 've been listening to Trans Am for awhile and I find this latest effort dissapointing . It sounds like a bunch of B-sides or outtakes sprinkled with some `` to cleaver '' political jabs . EBN was doing this 12 years ago -LRB- in the other Bush regeime -RRB- and more effectivly . I understand TA 's modis operandi but this time the joke is to obvious . It 's time we all learned the difference between being `` cleaver '' and being `` intelligent '' .
 I discovered Passport by raiding my dad 's old vinyl stacks . Infinity Machine was my favorite because of Curt Cress 's great drumming and the hypnotic Ostinato . One of the reasons I picked up this album later was the cover art . I still think it 's their finest cover . A garden growing in a sardine can ! That 's wild!Unfortunately , all I had to do was read the credits to realize I probably would n't like this album . I noticed credits for vocals , and that was a big uh-oh . Vocal jazz tends to sound like one step away from muzak . The second uh-oh was the fact that the entire lineup , save for Doldinger , had changed . The most conspicuous absence , of course , is Cress.The instrumental tracks are pretty good . `` Big Bang , '' the opener , is one of the best openers I 've heard on any Passport album . The beat is a little too disco-influenced , but the main riff saves the song . The bass solo in the middle is very good . Sadly , the album goes downhill from there.The Garden of Eden suite is very weak . The vocals are even in English -LRB- from a German group -RRB- ! They were obviously trying to reach out to the `` lite adult contemporary '' radio market . Perhaps it was a good move , in retrospect , because the exposure opened some people to the earlier albums with integrity.If I had to pick my second favorite song on here , it would be `` Snake . '' It would be at home on Cross-Collateral . It 's nice and soft , and Doldinger 's synths sounds like a choir -- no words , though.All in all , a mediocre album , but fairly poor after the high standards I had for Passport . One outstanding song -LRB- Big Bang -RRB- , one good -LRB- Snake -RRB- , and everything else fair to poor .
 This is one of those `` Love it or hate it '' Passport recordings that seemed as though it was caught between Jazz/Fusion and Disco . Originally released in 1978 . I personally do n't like too much of the vocalists featured on some of the Passport recordings over the years and this one is a real downer for me . However , the song `` Dreamware '' is the only palatable song on the whole disk . It seems as though it would be better suited for the album `` Oceanliner '' . All in all not a good example of Klaus 's genius but , it took a lot of guts to release such a risky album as this one , and proves that Klaus Doldinger is the boss of his music .
 The soundtrack to `` Planet Terror '' part of the `` Grindhouse '' double feature that appeared in movie theaters this past summer is at best medicore , and it is surely second rate compared to the soundtrack to `` Deathproof `` Now THERE 'S a awesome soundtrack to go out and buy . `` Deathproof '' definetly was n't the better movie compared to `` Planet Terror '' , no argument about that , but the soundtrack to the movie beats the album for `` Planet Terror '' hands down .
 Robert Rodriguez makes really good movies and he definitely is a good `` guitar '' player . But , these recent soundtracks are not what we got with `` Desperado '' or `` From Dusk to Dawn '' . I mean this soundtrack is just that , `` soundtrack sounds and riffs '' from the movie . They work good in the movie , but your not going to want to listen to them on their own . Totally unlike a `` Tarantino '' soundtrack that has actual `` songs '' on it by artists that you will want to listen to separate of the movie . I 'm a `` guitar player '' and although I respect Robert Rodriguez as a guitar player , I 'll probably never buy one of his `` soundtracks '' again . What 's the point , just watch the movie .
 Does n't it seem strange that POD has a greatest hits album already ? Are they done and over ? If you 've been listening to them after Marcos left , it sure sounds that way . You have to ask yourself why Atlantic Records is pushing this album at this time . It seems to me not only is it a great way for them to make some extra money , but I think POD 's best years are far behind them , and it seems that Atlantic is confirming this with this release .
 The way to enjoy this music is sitting back in an easy smoking a pipe filled with something illegal.It sounds like a nine year old practicing for a recital when he 'd much rather be having a root canal .
 Wow - Give a real bluesman some success , like R.L. Burnside , and suddenly every slimebucket with a dusty old bootleg of the man will come crawling out from under their rock to cash in on the man.This record is ... not worth half the price . Sure , it 's R.L. and his performance is pretty good -LRB- though not nearly as good as when I saw him play here a few months ago with Robert Belfour -RRB- , but the qualilty is very weak , and this does n't measure up to most of his best albums . Want good R.L. ? Buy Too Bad Jim or his acoustic labum , Mississippi Hill Country Blues . Got those ? Then get Robert Belfour 's latest album , but do n't touch this one with a 5 foot stick.Hey - I 've got a bootleg of R.L. also ! Can I put out an album too ?
 Unless you grew up watching Boston 's Bozo show in the '60s or you 'd like to see why this did n't even come close to Chicago 's 40-plus-year-old institution and the late , great Bob Bell -LRB- Chicago 's original Bozo -RRB- , I ca n't think of a reason for purchasing this DVD . I , and I doubt I was the only one , was misled by the DVD 's packaging as it failed to specify that it was Boston 's version . Apparently , unlike Chicago 's version , the Boston shows on the DVD were produced by Larry Harmon , who bought the licensing rights from Bozo creator Alan W. Livingston and owner Capitol Records in the late '50s . This is just another kiddie show .
 Who could resist 2 excellent guitarists ? When they work together the music soars . Unfortunately , Miroslav Vitous gets in the way . He tries to play the same as the guitars but using his base as a violin -LRB- at best -RRB- . Had he stuck to that , especially on `` Rene 's Theme '' great things would have happened . He ruined this album for me . Billy Cobham was excellent .
 Plain and simple , this music sucks . If you want music like this , save your money and wait until you go to trim that big hair at SUPERCUTS . You 'll hear it there . I do n't anticipate them playing Coltrane any time soon.I do get a good haircut there , though . I just bring an Ipod .
 I hope you never hear a recording with worse sound quality than this performance , conducted by Toscanini at Salzburg in 1937 . It has nearly every flaw imaginable
 can u even call this music it is bull @ # $ & . I 'd rather rot in the Sahara Desert than listen to the fake imagery of they 're so called `` music . ''
 If you want to see an artist practice his craft at the highest level , you need look no further than Prozzak 's Hot Show , it 's marvelous . Just kidding , this album suck bigtime . Yeah , you might compare them to sigur ros if you were deaf , but otherwise you must be just plain retarded . The people working at Amazon have got to shape up or ship out .
 THis cd truly is awful . The lyrics are lame ! It must have been written by some speds !!
 Okey , I like the way Axl Rose performed . He can enjoy the viewers and the fan 's . All I can say is I 'm GNR 's one in a million 's fan . Go !! Go !! GNR ...
 A five song C D based on scripture . I devour most Christian music , Not this
 While I do not disparage the `` Bozo '' of the Boston area , there is only one true Bozo - the late , great Bob Bell . As a kid in the suburbs -LRB- far suburbs -RRB- of Chicago in the 70s , Bozo , Ray Raynor , and the Son of Svenghoolie were kings to me and my friends . I 'm sure the `` Bozo '' of the Boston area was ok , but there can only be one Bozo Show to me.Even Dan Castellaneta of the Simpsons said that the character , Krusty the Klown , was modeled after Bob Bell 's Bozo in Chicago !
 Dissappointed in this dvd as I never knew that there where other Bozo 's in the world outside of my favorite clown in the world , Bozo from Chicago area . I grew up watching Bozo and wanted to see the Bozo Show from Chicago , this clown was not it ! I also was hoping to look forward to seeing them pick out children from the audience to come down and play that game where you threw the ping pong ball in buckets 1-6 and if you got the ping pong in the bucket you would win a prize . When I was a child it was a dream to have the chance to go see this show and play that game , never worked out for me . However , I would love to watch re-runs from that show !
 This video was a big disapointment . Much of it was great Chonda fun , and her singing is really good . Her joke about Sleeping Beauty deserving the only sound sleep she 'd had in years had me in stitches . However much of this was uninspired . For a large part of her performance she was too busy laughing at her own jokes before even telling them to let the audience in on what was so funny . Are we supposed to laugh just because she is ? Some if it was downright offensive . She ridiculed a bald man in the front row for being bald until the joke was really beaten down into the ground . Ridiculing another person -LRB- made in God 's image -RRB- that way is not funny . It is inconsiderate , cruel , and ungodly . The man in question laughed along like a good sport , but it was obviously very painful . She also spent a good deal of time laughing about how she and a friend got their two husbands mistaken for gay men . This was just plain sickening . I watched this with a group of ladies from my church , and there was only an awkward silence , not laughter , during these segments . Overall this was a sad disapointment .
 If you 're going to bill yourself as a Christian comedienne , you should heed the Bible 's warning against tearing others down . Unfortunately , Chonda Pierce 's comedy leans to the destructive side rather than the edifying side I was anticipating . While some of her jokes were funny , I found many of them to be hurtful and not made in a Christian spirit . As another reviewed commented , she made fun of a man in the audience because he was balding and sweating quite heavily . The poor man looked so uncomfortable as the camera zoomed in on his bald , sweaty head and Chonda led the whole auditorium in laughing at him . This was the most overt instance of mockery , but there were others . She made fun of some fans and joked about a dead body that she found in her hotel room -LRB- while she could have made up that story , it is distasteful nonetheless -RRB- . In addition to the overtly offensive jokes , her jokes about men really crossed the line into insulting them . Certainly joking about the differences between sexes can be funny , but the tone and language that she used were not loving or funny . I felt that at no point in the movie she expressed respect for men as a group , although she did indeed acknowledge her appreciation for her husband.All objections to content aside , her delivery was poor . She was laughing so hard at her jokes that she could barely get them out . This really distracts from the routine . Instead of focusing on the material , you just sit there waiting for her to deliver the joke . After about an hour of her comedy routine , she abruptly switched into a long , tearful testimony -LRB- again , after making fun of people for the past hour ! -RRB- . It was a very strange addition to an evening of `` comedy . `` In short , I did not find Chonda Pierce 's comedy to be uplifting or reflective of the Christian spirit by which she markets herself .
 I tend to pick up collections to get a taste of new artists . This collection was available relatively cheap and the reviews for it were very positive . I 'm not sure what album the positive reviewers were listening to , but it ca n't have been the album I was listening to . One disc , the `` Covered in Goth '' disc is nothing but mediocre covers where tracks by more popular artists have been redone , and `` gothified '' by less popular artists . The disc ends up serving as an example of why covers are sometimes a bad idea , especially if your idea of `` improving '' the song is to slow it down and replace clear vocals with muddy shrieking . The second disc , Gothic Vampires From Hell is the sort of atmospheric horror soundtrack that Midnight Syndicate has mastered.My advice is that you give this collection a pass . If you want some atmospheric horror , then go buy a Midnight Syndicate album and be thankful that Midnight Syndicate will not waste the space on adding in a second CD full of mediocre covers .
 I purchased this album at my local music store a few days ago , expecting to have aquired a wonderful gothic-themed album . Unfortunately , I was very wrong . The title for this CD should be changed to `` Euro-pop Garbage from Hell '' . This is NOT gothic music , folks . The first CD sounded like an 80 's import from the U.K. featuring horrible off-key singers and dinky synthesizer tunes that sounded like a odious twist between the `` Teletubbies '' and a highschool choir . I honestly thought they had put the wrong CD in the wrong case . Every artist on this album is TERRIBLE and is nowhere near other gothic-themed albums i 've heard in the past . Exactally why it was considered gothic is beyond me.The second `` Covered in Goth '' CD sounded more like those ... halloween soundeffects cd 's you buy at -LSB- a store -RSB- when you 're getting your kids ready for trick-or-treating . Simply -LSB- weak -RSB- . ... I have to admit , the cd cover really fooled me . Ancient imported Euro-pop garbage disguised as a gothic album . The music in this cd comes nowhere close to `` goth '' . It 's not even in the same ballpark . It should really be filed under `` pop '' or `` miscellaneous '' . It 's not realy techno , either.I would have been laughing really hard at the singers on this cd if I had ` nt have spent -LSB- a price -RSB- for it . ...
 Last fall I wrote about the newest Boards of Canada album , The Campfire Headphase . I was excited when I heard about this new EP , to be released so soon after the previous record . If you 've followed Boards of Canada , you 've probably come to expect new music from them every two to three years , an eternity in electronic music.Unfortunately , Trans Canada Highway seems premature . For reasons I still do n't understand , `` Dayvan Cowboy '' from The Campfire Headphase is included as the opening track here . Let 's face it
 The only track I really like on this one is `` Left Side Drive '' , which is reminiscent of their older work . Why `` Dayvan Cowboy '' is issued again is beyond me , since it already was totally redundant on `` The Campfire Headphase '' . To top that , the remix is even worse than the original.The rest of the album contains mildly interesting noise-drenched synth noodlings , somewhat sounding like their earlier work , but mostly lacking its emotional power.I keep hoping that the Boards will get their act together , but it has n't happened yet with this EP . Only one decent track out of six is hardly worth it .
 This album is 1 stars because most of the songs are unlistenable . I do n't enjoy listening to this album . I do n't recommend this album . Addy .
 After listening to the first track -LRB- Elven Path -RRB- , you coult n't be blamed too much for expecting the rest of the album to be up to the same standard ... but you 'd be wrong.Tuomas , the lyricist and songwriter obviously felt that he could sing as well as Tarja , and wrote his own parts into the songs . Unfortunately , Tuomas just ca n't sing . Excluding the few Tarja solos every other song is ruined by his tuneless attempt at singing , and you ca n't help have the impression that he 's only doing this for the sake of his own vanity.As for the slightly controversial track Tutenkhamen . I believe it has nothing to do with the film or series Stargate . For those of you who thought Carter -LRB- in the lyrics -RRB- was Sam Carter from the series might find it helpful to know that HOWARD CARTER was the discoverer of Tutenkhamen 's tomb in 1922 . Fools ! Try going to school before writing a review . Whether the stargate -LRB- lower case 's ' as spelt in the lyrics -RRB- actually refers to the film is ambiguous also , as the film is hardly the archetype -LRB- note
 If you want to know what exactly Angels Fall First sounds like , let me offer you the following scenario . Combine Wishmaster and Century Child , strip off the bass and half the keyboards , add in some of Simone Simon 's extremely forced vocals from Epica and Tuomas 's flat tenor , and throw it all into a car crash . That is what Angels Fall First sounds like . I was very disappointed with this first album , especially considering how incredible their other albums were . The two best songs -LRB- meaning four out of five stars -RRB- were Elvenpath and Know Why the Nightingale Sings , followed by This Moment Is Eternity and Beauty and the Beast . The rest were frankly hard to listen to . Look to Oceanborn and Once for Nightwish 's best performances , because you wo n't find them here .
 I do n't consider this to be Nightwish 's first album . I consider it to be their warm-up . Compared to Oceanborn and Wishmaster , this CD sounds like nothing so much as an orchestra tuning up before a symphony starts.The first problem is that the songs are almost without exception lyrically moronic . It 's almost like Tuomas was sitting in his study , watching HBO , and looking around randomly for song ideas . He saw some Dragonlance book , and wrote Elvenpath , he was watching Stargate , and wrote Tutankhamen , he noticed his Bible and wrote The Carpenter , etc. . Of these , Tutankhamen is the worst offender ; it takes plot elements from the movie Stargate right down to character names , like they were angling to get into the soundtrack or something . As a warm-up album , however , I guess they did n't feel the need to write original songs.All but two of the songs are shallow and vapid beyond belief . Exacerbating this problem is the fact that Tarja has n't yet developed her amazing ability to seamlessly squeeze long words into places they really should n't fit , and it shows.The worst offense , however , is Tuomas singing . He might be able to make it on his own , but next to Tarja he may as well be Rob Halford singing with The Three Tenors . It 's an obnoxious , grating distraction from Nightwish 's main draw . He completely ruins one of the two passable songs on the CD , Astral Romance , just when I thought I 'd finally found a song with decent lyrics and no male co-singing . Keep Tuomas , and anyone other than Tarja for that matter , as far away from the microphone as possible.The only bright spot on this album , and as far as I can tell the only reason they were able to make a second -LRB- and thank goodness for that -RRB- , is Lappi . Although , since most of it is n't in English , it might just as well be as lyrically shallow as the rest of them , but I 'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt ; the entire song is absolutely gorgeous.In conclusion
 After waiting for this cd to be released , i must admitt i was highly dissapointed.There are a few good songs on here but most of it is noise , messed in with terrible lyrics.My addivice buy another girl fronted cd , leave this one alone .
 I have to say listening to this Album was pretty much torture . The music itself , is pretty much a carbon copy of the originals , but vocally most of the songs have been ruined , especially the interpretation of Livin On a Prayer . The only song i really enjoyed was the version of I 'll Be There For You , probably because the guy singing it sounded the most like Jon . The only recommendation i would make for buying this Album , is that your also fan 's of the guys singing the songs - if not i would say ` stear well clear ' , and stick to the originals .
 i have this album and really wasnt all that impressed with it . i like 80 's hair bands and all but maybe not enought to like this one . im a die hard jovi fan but the album just didnt do justice to the work that bon jovi has done .
 Because , in all honesty I was impressed with the band after hearing that song for the first time . However , upon hearing the second ... and the third ... and the fouth , and etc. . I realized that this melodeath album I purchased based on the advice of another simply was n't cutting it for me.To put it blatantly , the album bore the heck out of me.Want me to put my finger on it ? I ca n't . It could be anything from the lack of variance in songs , to the lack of something new about the band to set them apart from all the others bursting into the scene along side them . To me , it just seemed like plain old melodeath , that would have been somewhat acceptable 1 year before Slaughter of the Soul came out .
 I had this same performance of M&uuml;nchinger on vynil discs . Hoped to receive a sort of re-mastered performance on DVD , in short hoped for a better execution . But the sound is in mono and very flat.In short
 This CD was not playing in my computer a CD player and in my car . It is a bad company to get to me .
 This is not Kyle , it 's Brandon Cruz . This should have never been made , Kyle wrote and sang these songs with such style . I have no idea what this guy is doing . Stay in Hollywood , Brandon !
 If you are looking for Dr. Know . Look some place else . If this is Kyle singing then he must be fat and out of practice . I seen Dr. Know live in 87 . And this does not compare at all . Surf the net for the real songs , you 'll be happy that you did .
 I bought this cd because I figured it would be a fresh take on some old favoirites . Well , I 'd like to say I loved it , but I didnt . This cd just comes off as flat and lifeless . Where as the original songs , the Kyle Toucher on vocals versions , had a certain edge , the remakes make great material sound very mediocre . For those of you first discovering Dr. Know , l this may be the greatest cd in the world ... the material is that good-but , if you really want to experience Dr. Know , buy their Best of CD that was released on Mystic Records . This is the best version of Dr. Know . Hope this helps !
 I 'm not just trashing this record because of the line-up issues . The line-up is important only because this cover band is not as good as the original but I tried to be fair so my opinion is based on the songs recorded here not on who recorded them . The covers of the songs that Kyle originally sang are just not good . The songs that Brandon originally sang on fare better because they are more suited for his voice , but they were n't the best material Dr. Know did and really not what most of the people who buy this are looking for . They are looking for the classic band.Having said that I will now address the line-up issue that most of these reviews cover because some of them do not have facts straight . This record does not have the classic version of Dr. Know led by Kyle Toucher that many of us have listened to for over 30 years . This version of Dr. Know is without Kyle - the band 's founder , original guitar player , main original songwriter , singer on all of the classic material that everyone knew . The singer on this record is Brandon Cruz , who was their 4th singer , not the 1st , and originally only in the band for a few months . While this line-up does have Ismael Hernandez , the original bass player , he really should n't have re-started anything called Dr. Know without Kyle . This band should n't have called themselves Dr. Know , just like the generic knockoff of Dr. Pepper you see at the store ca n't call itself Dr. Pepper . Maybe they should have called their band `` Mr. No '' . Or maybe `` Mr. Freeze
 Brandon Cruz is trying to recapture something he never had . His credibility as an artist . Why else would he redo the songs written by Kyle instead of writing his own ? Kyle toucher was the backbone of Dr. Know ! I am utterly amazed at how Brandon can take truly amazing songs and butcher them beyond recognition.I recommend `` The Best of Dr. Know '' if you want to hear these songs as they were intended .
 Kyle Played guitar with Dr Know early on . He is a ripping guitarist too . Then he played guitar and sang after everyone realized he is a better singer too . Dr Know was n't much until Kyle took over , a few songs on a some Mystic comps . Plug in Jesus , is what really got Dr Know going . Brandon just reemerged when being a punk wocka got really trendy . Check out his teen beat style posters . Ughhh.I saw them with Brandon and the whole show sucked . Maybe one of the worst I 've seen , and I 've been going to hardcore shows for over 20 yearsThen he does the DK Kennedy 's thing trying yet again to flog a dead horse . Although I do n't blame the guys for trying to recoupe some of the dough that Jello ripped them off for . Jello sucks too.He is so impressed with what a smart guy he thinks he is . He is just a con man too.Any way Brandon is n't a totally bad guy . He just sucks as a singer . As a skater he 's OK . Any way his brother sang for Stallag 13 which is n't to bad of a band.But , if you are talking Dr Know it is all about Kyle . He made the band what they are . With his distinctive guitar style and then the singing . He was the driving force behind every record they put out until this new living of the corpse of hardcore thing started happening.Now if Doug Moody would quite being an Ass and rerelease more of the old mystic stuff . Sure I have the records , but who wants to bust out the turntable these days .
 AFTER LISTLENING TO THIS CD A COUPLE OF TIMES AND WATCHING DR. KNOW PLAY WITH BRANDON CRUZ I THINK THAT THIS CD IS WORTH EVERY PENNY.IF YOU CALL YOURSELF A DR. KNOW FAN AND DONT OWN THIS CD THEN YOU SHOULD SLAP YOUSELF RIGHT NOW.IT DOESNT MATTER IF ITS NOT KYLE TOUCHER ITS STILL DR. KNOW AND THEY KICK ASS AND BRANDON CRUZ IS A COOL GUY.ALSO THE METAL STUFF THAT KYLE DID KICKS ASS TOO , IF YOU ARE A FAN THEN YOU SHOULD CHECK THAT OUT TOO .
 I can not really review this item . Village music world sent me a totaly different item . I paid 45 + dollars to get a certain song . The one they sent was different . Even the front cover was different . I did get it eventually through e-bay , not through amazon . village music world sucks . beware
 ROBBIE GEOGHEGAN 's igloomag.com REVIEW : : -LRB- 07.04.06 -RRB- Jamie Lidell has been making waves in the alternative music scene since his first releases on the label that started it all , Warp Records . Muddlin Gear , released in 2000 , gained Lidell worldwide renown . His second installment , Multiply moved Lidell closer to the Swing sound . Journalists , reviewers and fans have made many attempts to pigeonhole Lidell 's style , to categorize his music into one of the numerous genres that float around on the Warp imprint . Some have compared Lidell to Otis Reading , Stevie Wonder and even Prince . Lidell 's blend of soul , jazz and electronic makes for an interesting musical medley to say the least . Yet the latest outing by the British singer/producer only features one piece by Lidell himself , Multiply Additions is basically a remix album but features some masters of the IDM scene to add their slant to Lidell 's music.A former Warp artist , and veteran of the Skam label , Simon Pyke -LRB- a.k.a. Freefrom -RRB- serves up a twisted funk version of `` When I Come Back Around . '' The track is heavily dancefloor influenced , with some bleep techno echo 's and a warped synth solo . The raw lyrics secreted together with some slippery sample mixing makes for a track which bleeds funk with a big beat undercurrent . Served up next on Multiply Additions are Four Tet , offering up their computerisation of `` The City . '' As with Freeform 's remix , the soul element of Lidell 's original remains an elemental component of Four Tet 's version ; but now digital glitch and clipped up beeps are laminated over to a 30th century version of Lidell 's original score . Techno giant and godfather Luke Vibert offers up a slicked out synth driven mix of `` A Little Bit More . '' A track with a very pop feel , when it comes to vocal tone , layered over with a primitive electro chord line dissected by the bassy chorus to create a rendition with an addictive personality . Yet , the remix seems to smack of a lack of effort . Vibert 's version , although having solid elements , lacks a substance that becomes more and more noticeable as the track develops leaving the listener disappointed on the merit and quality of the artist 's past expeditions . Mocky gives a remix that is pretty much uninspired , a track that appears frightened to stray from Lidell 's original leaving a timid and uninteresting result.The album picks up again as Matthew Herbert steps into the fray to give the listener two bonus track remixes . Firstly Herbert turns his hand to `` Multiply '' with Herbert 's `` Hoedown Bump Instrumental , '' a quirky shuffling track with an unmistakable clever playfulness reminiscent of the Doctor Rockitt days . Next the old guard experimenter puts his own spin on `` A Little Bit More . '' Once more Herbert teases the original , slowly building up his boyish melodies and plinks . Yet , Herbert 's second remix effort pales in comparison to his first . His take on `` A Little Bit More , '' quickly erodes any listener 's interest as the track develops but fails to advance.The album 's final track , the Mara Carlyle Ukulady Mix of `` Game for Fools '' sums up the LP . All the mixes are interesting , but in many respects they stuck too rigidly to Lidell 's soul style . Whether or not this is a bad thing is fully open to debate , but in this reviewers opinion the remixers seemed to be hampered when it came to turning their electronic stylings to Lidell 's music . This is not to say that the remixes on Multiply Additions are not of worth , although the Mocky take on `` What 's The Use '' is a let down . But , there is a feeling that if the artists had let their own style become more dominant a much more interesting album would be the result . Further listens to the LP do not open up new doorways ; they in fact take away from many of the tracks , such as Vibert 's remix which on first hearing seems like a good spin on the Lidell 's original but sadly becomes dull on further spins.Quite simply , this album is not especially good . It is by no means an awful release , but it has nothing outstanding as one may have hoped . The premise of the album is a tried and tested formula , artists trying their hand at a different genre , but it is poorly executed on this release . Few of the mixes ring true , others falter after a couple of hearings , others are just plain bad . This album is one to scratch off from the Summer CD spending lists . >> igloomag.com < <
 I really love the debut album by Tomorrow . It is charming , fun , adventurous , and loaded with great guitar playing . It is one of the best slices of psychedelic pop that you 'll find anywhere . As a result , I was very excited when I heard that some rare , unreleased recordings of this short-lived band had emerged . I read that some of the material on the `` Live and Unreleased , 1967 '' CD sounded a little rough but I thought the recordings would be worth hearing , even if they were less than perfect . After all , this was an awesome group and even a rough recording would be worth the price of a CD.So , I ordered `` Live and Unreleased , 1967 '' and was very disappointed by the low quality of the material that it contained . The first two tracks are fairly uninspired songs that were originally recorded for the film `` Blow-up . '' Those are followed by two halfway decent songs that were recorded live for a radio broadcast . They are okay but they are nowhere near as good as the versions of those same songs that appear on the debut CD . Then , things get REALLY sketchy : The last eight tracks are from a live concert that sound as if it was recorded with a boom box from the back of the hall . That distorted noise that sounds like a kazoo ? It 's the lead vocal recorded on inferior equipment . That tinny noise in the background ? That 's the band . I have read that this was a really wonderful concert . You would never know it from listening to this recording of it.There is simply no reason to release this material on CD except to rip off fans . This wonderful band deserves better representation than `` Live and Unreleased , 1967 . '' Do n't reward the sleazy record label for releasing this CD . They do n't deserve your money .
 I 've managed to dip into three different transfers of this magnificent 1950 recording of Rigoletto
 This is n't a greatest hits collection . It is a rerecording of some of the hits . The collection is really an abbreviated version of last years `` The Wild Bunch '' . That cd at least says that the songs are new versions such as `` hot and nasty ' 99 '' . The Wild Bunch is worth getting . It has these 10 songs plus 6 extra .
 i 'm not sure why everyone gave this cd such glowing reviews . it 's not insane . it 's not over the top . it 's boring . it 's trite . it sounds like messuggah . the vocals are annoying . darkane 's first cd , `` rusted angel , '' was good . this is not .
 I bought this CD based on the good reviews ; but when I opened the package it was the old Buddha label CD which , probably because it was used , would n't play on either of my CD players . -LRB- The parts of this Buddha CD that would play are a TERRIBLE remastering of a seminal performance . You can get it if you want it at about $ 8 , not the $ 23 I paid for what I thought to be a top notch import re-mastering -RRB- . I emailed a complaint to the vendor , and within three hours I got an email back from Amazon -LRB- not the vendor ! -RRB- saying they have refunded my money ! So I sent it back and now I do n't know what to order !
 I purchased this item hoping that it would be just like the old TV show that I remember watching . It was really my fault that what I received was n't what I expected . I must not have read the full description that this was just a copy of an old concert . I would purchase another video , but I would make sure that what I was getting was the actual show .
 received item yesterday.came in brown envelope . dvd was knocking around inside.opened it up and the product was scratched where it had been banging around throughout the hundreds of miles traveled and however many hands that handled it.really dont want to give it as a gift now.afraid its too badly damaged . will most likely take it to family video and have scrathes removed.although it has been proven that you can not remove scratches once ingrained in a dvd.very dissappointed .
 Fat wreckchords suckered me into this one ! They advertised great bands , but put someones . . garage band on the disc . Two stars for the two bands that -LSB- are n't bad -RSB- !
 Once again another fat comp of watered down -LRB- pseudo -RRB- punk tunes . The garbage put out by fat-wreck-chords is amazingly bad . But I guess when you do n't know what punk is you buy into what they are selling . But on the upside I think fat-wreck-chords are the best in true Capitalism ... make that money honey.Buyer beware ... . there are real punk comps out there.This is n't one of them though .
 If you like the peppy rhythyms and guitars of old school soukous , then this is the album you want . The opening track `` Teimbe Raid Pa Moli '' is by far my favorite , and it sets the tone for the rest of the album.Pepe Kalle 's soukous style is always timeless , and never watered down . Two thumbs up !!!
 Of course , if you know Portuguese , you take on this CD is presumably vastly different but this is a review from on the merits as a ` universal ' CD when you do n't know the language.Just want to get something out of the way - As someone who has thousands of CD 's and has hundreds of CD 's in languages I do n't know a word of - if the music and the vocals are universal and touch a chord , then the CD is great and worth everyone getting but this is not one of those CD 's . It is mostly quasi samba pop with some more straight pop songs but her vocals all sound the same except for one nice acoustic ballad . Her voice seems okay but unexpressive - the backing music is mostly non-descript and all sound pretty much the same - middling pop with dashes of samba to make it sound more authenthic . Of course , not knowing the language does n't add anything to the enjoyment but as I said earlier , we can all probbaly name 50 Brazilian songs that are brilliant and a great majority of non Brazilian 's listening have no idea what they are really singing about - but that does n't detract from it.That 's not to say her other CD 's might be better but this one is definitely not terribly interesting or exciting .
 I bought Enta da Stage in 1994 , and just recently popped it into my stereo after nearly a decade-long hiatus . Nothing new in '94 and definitely nothing new 9 years later . Some of the dark , heavy beats could potentially create some sort of atmosphere to back their braggadoccia , but they lack that certain , how do you say , je ne sais quoi . Actually , that 's not it . They lack any sort of musical complexity . The instrumentation is thin and undynamic . Black Moon is essentially hip hop at it 's most mundane . Some big-headed -LSB- folks -RSB- talking about how tough they are over a tiresome drizzle of generic beats . I 'm putting this album back on the shelf where it belongs ...
 this album was a big let down this album is wack simply because the beats sound cheap and the lyrics are wack avoid this album
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 Sabrina Setlur is Germany 's most famous rapper . Her first two albums were pretty good while her third album lacks real hits . It 's a bit like she lost the bite . Many known names like Cora E. and Brixx are on this album , but this was so far her biggest flop .
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 The 2nd movement of the sinfonia concertante is just silly . A perfect example of `` just because you can play it faster , does n't mean you should '' . It sounds like she 's in a hurry to get out of there .
 This production is just simply not one of the best singer-songwriter efforts of the year . I do n't understand the appeal .
 The problem with this cd is that it is not all that good . Other than that , it is fine .
 I bought the DVD hoping for another good work like their Hell Freezes Over DVD , however , it was n't such . The audio on the DVD lacks quality . I purchased it , and would n't recommend it to anyone . Sorry .
 I ended up receiving two copies of this DVD and neither one of them would play in any of 5 different DVD players . I thought the first DVD was defective so returned it and got a second one . One might think I am a klutz and do n't understand formats and variations of DVD . The DVD listed it as NSTC and HD . I tried it in a Sony Blue Ray player , three different computer DVD players , and a Panasonic portable DVD player . None of them would even recognize the DVD . I do n't know what the problem is , but this DVD is hosed up as far as I am concerned . I ordered it because a friend has the 2 DVD set of this concert and I saw it and liked it . There is something wrong with this one DVD album .
 I was dreading writing this review , most people will click the negative review button on this just because they are Eagles fanatics and not be able to see this DVD unbiased . I understand that though , completely . I love the Eagles .1 -RRB- The lack of Don Felder is obvious in the sound of the band . The ` Eagles ' sound that we 've listened to for years is lacking without him . Don Felder and Joe Walsh always played off of each other and now it just does n't happen . Sorry .2 -RRB- The overt and heavy-handed use of a horn section , another guitarist and another keyboardist is just too painful to listen to . The clean , vibrant and very-much in-the-pocket performances from ` Hell Freezes Over ' DVD are gone , replaced by what seems to be an attempt to tour just for the sake of it and to keep the `` proverbial '' pool heated -LRB- a term concerning touring musicians once coined by Lars Ulrich -RRB- . If it 's just about making money now , then I 'll prefer to keep mine , thank you . Sorry .3 -RRB- The DTS mix DOES sound brittle as several other reviewers have pointed out . The DTS processing clearly was n't completed with as much thought as the ` Hell Freezes Over ' DVD . Sorry .4 -RRB- Don Henley , Glenn Frey & Timothy B. Schmit looked a little too ` geriatric ' . Joe Walsh seems to have a lot of problems just enunciating his words for some reason . It really looked as though he was wearing ` Depends ' under his sarong pants he was wearing onstage during the second nights performance . I hate saying this about the Eagles , seeing that I 've always appreciated them for their ability to perform and make great music . Their albums and music though , thankfully will continue to be timeless , even if they 're not . Sorry .5 -RRB- If you own ` Hell Freezes Over ' DVD and own the ` Selected Works ' CD box set -LRB- which includes the Millennium concert that has a lot of songs that were played on tour but not on the DVD -RRB- then keep and cherish that as it really is the definitive work by these guys . Sorry .6 -RRB- A lot of the performances by Don Henley -LRB- on this release -RRB- are just unwatchable because he 's lost his ability to really carry the music and vocalize , gaining the weight maybe has n't helped him much either . Sorry.Listen , I really love the Eagles in every way , but if you have to decide what you want to spend your $ 25 on , this aint it , get ` Hell Freezes Over ' , and if you already own it , then be thankful and appreciate the previous releases . Sorry .
 After I got this item in I realized that it is for a HD DVD . Is there anyway I can return it ? I have no HD DVD and the only way I can watch it is by trying to find a HD DVD player .
 I had a strange experience with this dvd . The first couple of times I played this disc it looked and sounded amazing . I have a new Toshiba 3rd generation HD-DVD player and Optoma HD80 1080p projector . Now , I can not get any audio to play from this disc and have returned it as defective . In case you are wondering , yes I am aware their is a DTS vs PCM audio setting in the disc menu . Weird ! Too bad , it sounded good when it worked .
 This HD DVD would not play on standard , Enhanced , HD or Blu Ray DVD players . It was returned .
 2 tries at this order and 2 blank NEW DVDs ... what 's up?You ask retail price for inferior products ? Big disappointment.One dinner party was to include this DVD preview . Still waiting.Do I need to order a used copy to make sure it showes the concert?Hey ... just an FYI ... 3 days later ... I just found a new copy for $ 11.88 at Sam 's Club .
 My first order of the dvd proved to be blank , with nothing on it . I sent it back for a replacement and was sent another , only to find out it did n't work either . I am still waiting for a refund and have not heard from anyone why they are not sending my money . Both dvd 's have been returned to them . You ca n't reach anyone to discuss this problem with .
 This is a well-produced HUGE SPECTACULAR show put on by 50 % of a great American band once known as The Eagles . Unfortunately their success drove the other 50 % of the band away . Ever since its been a Don Henley/Glen Frey solo project with whomever to help out with the instruments . Don and Glen are great , do n't get me wrong . Love them ! But please do n't call this outfit The Eagles . The real Eagles , the four guys who wrote and recorded virtually all of their trademark songs , were Henley and Frey and Randy Meisner and Bernie Leadon . The Eagles name was made by these four - in fact it was Bernie who came up with the name . After Bernie and Randy left the other two had every right to carry on performing the songs they wrote ; they should have come up with a new band name . I just do n't think it 's right for other musicians to cash in on the work and the name of other people . -LRB- I will applaud Timothy B. Schmidt for paying tribute to Randy Meisner when the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Randy was really moved by that gesture and it shows what a class act Timothy is . -RRB- Anyway , there have been lots of great old bands carrying on with new people under the old name , and I have never been okay with this . Great new musicians should have their own band name and let people judge them on their owm merits . Peace !
 Don Henley & Glenn Frey are just a couple of sell-outs . It 's no longer about the music . It 's just $ $ $ to them.What a poor performance . They looked like they did n't want to be their . 3 of the 5 Eagles have now moved on maybe they should too .
 This item was worthless to me . I did not realize that it was `` HD '' and would not play on anything except an HD DVD player . I understand that Blue Ray has made HD obsolete so now I have a DVD that I can not even watch .
 This is the 2nd Eagles Farewell Tour that was sent to me . I returned the first set because neither CD would play in either of my 3 CD players . A second set was sent and the same problem . I am returning the 2nd set requesting a full refund .
 We purchased this tape and when we received it - it was blank . We returned it and are still waiting to see if our original method of payment will be reimbursed . We have ordered other DVD 's and they were ok .
 The Eagles - Farewell 1 Tour - Live From Melbourne -LRB- 2005 -RRB- does NOT provide closed captioning !!!
 I was fortunate enough to see the Eagles reunion tour back in ' 95 . THAT show was phenomenal . They rocked the house better than any band I 'd ever seen up too and beyond that point . The song selection was fantastic , Don Felder was still with the band , they did n't `` dumb down '' their material by injection a horn section and overplaying the weak solo material . When Joe Walsh played `` Funk 49 '' , `` In the City '' and `` Walk Away '' , it was ROCKIN ' ! This show is completely different and not in a good way.The lack of Don Felder in the band really , really shows . The tunes that used to really rock , are now `` pop synthesized '' so often , that it no longer has the weight that the old songs used to have . It 's like they decided to intentionally make it easy listening instead of crankin ' it up and just jammin ' like they used to . It 's so obviously the Glenn Frey/Don Henley show , with Schmidt and Walsh as supporting cast , that it takes away the `` band '' feel of the show.This show was way too contrived , with an obvious agenda towards appealing to the pompous and the yuppies who were n't cool in the 70 's and 80 's , but who can now afford a ticket to one of the most expensive concerts on the planet . Corporate sell out at it 's finest.And by the way ... . the guitarist who `` replaced '' Don Felder , and I use that word lightly , does not hold a candle to Don Felder as a guitarist . Nor was there any chemistry between him and Joe Walsh what so ever . It was really very sad . Not his fault , as those shoes would be nearly impossible for anyone to fill . But none the less , this show missed Don Felder in the worst way . The HFO show clearly shows how the music should be played and by whom it should be played.Henley and Frey have clearly lost their way ...
 I bought this for a Christmas gift for a friend and it does not play , Be careful and try it as soon as you receive it . It was in perfect order and sealed . I tried it on three different players and it would just click and not play .
 Hi . I purchased this DVD , and when I went to play it there was no sound . All throughout the video I can see everything clearly , but there was - no sound ! I thought perhaps it was my DVD player -LRB- even though it is an old DVD player , it plays other DVD well -RRB- . So I then purchased a brand new DVD player , and I slipped the disk in . Still no sound . I was not a happy camper . I saw the refund requirement and saw no open DVD can be returned . And so here I am writing this letter . I wrote to them about my concern the day this happen . I have n't heard from them . I hope Amazon will see this on there review and contact me and try to help me with an exchange . I hope none of you are having this problem ... Nevertheless I am clueless in what to do next ... perhaps `` MySpace ''
 I received this DVD and it did n't work at all . I am still waiting for my refund two weeks later .
 The info on Amazon did not state this album only plays in stereo and DTS 5.1 , not in Dolby Digital 5.1 . Not much fun watching the old guys preforming in old stereo technology , so I only lasted part way through the first song . . Amazon needed to add that appropiate info .
 I caught part of this on NBC the other night - that was more than enough for me.I always liked the Eagles as well as the solo work of Don Henley & Joe Walsh - they have great songs & were one of the first & best alt-country / rock bands back in the day.But , as I tried to watch this performance , I could n't help feeling as if everything was just too scripted , too planned , too ... . lame !!!! And what 's with the extra guys they added to the band ??? I mean , I could see getting another guitarist to replace Don Felder but why did they need another drummer plus a keyboard player plus backup singers plus a horn section ??? It somehow reminded me of some nightmarish version of the Lawrence Welk Show Meets the Eagles circa 2005 ... and a one-a & a two-a . Smile , boys , smile !!!! It looks to me like these guys are purely in it 110 % for the scratchola at this point -LRB- not that I blame them as long as they can draw a crowd -RRB- - they might as well go set up shop in Las Vegas or Branson , MO & share the bill with Wayne Newton or Dolly Parton . So very sad to see ...
 After receiving two of these DVDs and trying to play them on three different DVD players , I gave up and asked for a refund . It is apparent these DVDs were corrupt and could not play on any DVD players . Amazon apparently received a batch of bad DVDs . I bought the two DVD version of this Eagles concert at Barnes & Noble and they worked fine .
 Get this release if you want to see a bloated Don Henley sing and not play the drums that often.Buy it if you do n't like Don Felder and want to hear his clone Steuart Smith!Don ' t purchase this if you prefer Randy Meisner on bass and his excellent vocal on `` Take It To The Limit '' . Otherwise , buy their all of their albums or greatest hits . No offense to Joe Walsh , but this reminds me of an extremely polished and professional oldies act on PBS .
 This DVD will NOT play in neither my new DVD player nor my computer.Beware of seller .
 It 's unbelievable but Amazon has sent to me a DVD with the wrong regional DVD code !!! I live in the Netherlands , I have ordered the DVD from the Netherlands , Amazon has sent the DVD to my address in the Netherlands , but I am not able to play the DVD because it has the wrongregional DVD code !!! Hopefully Amazon reacts on this review.Cees Varossieau , Waalwijk , The Netherlands
 To make it short , because its a long long story ... over a period of several months I purchased 3 of these DVDs and they were all defective ... I got replacement after replacement only to have everyone defective ... they should have known this problem at some point in time ... very poor quality checking on their part ... I had to rate it one star in order to make this review .
 The menue pops up and then the disc freezes on pressing of any button . Not sure if only my disc is defective or a whole series . This is the first of 9 HD DVD 's i have a problem with.update
 I have to say , after Glenn Frey treated Don Felder so abusively -LRB- eventually firing him from the band -RRB- when Felder suggested a well-deserved salary adjustment , it just sapped all the affection I had for the Eagles . Not sure why.But about this DVD
 On Hell Freezes Over the vocal quality through my centre speaker is simply amazingly ` in your livingroom ' quality . On the new dvd the vocals are diffused through the left and right speakers and are barely audible or blended through the centre speaker blandly . Also the addition of horn section and extra keyboardy sounds further detract from any enjoyment.Stick with Hell Freezes Over would be my advice . . Eagles Fan
 I received the first disc I ordered and found it to be corrupted . The concert did n't play . I exchanged it for a new one and the same thing happened . I returned the second one and have n't purchased another .
 I bought this specifcally because it said HD DVD . It was a gift for my mother and she owns a HD dvd player . It not only did not work in the HD DVD but on none of the other 5 DVD players we tried .
 I purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- copies of this DVD for myself and a friend . Neither of us has had any luck at playing it on our DVDs .
 This product is not worth the plastic it is printed on . I have tried this on 3 DVD players , including a NEW 5 disc surround system and it will not play . I feel like I was ripped off in the purchase of this product by Amazon who should WARN their customers about it requiring SPECIFIC types of players to use it on.Give me $ 10.00 I 'll send it to whomever buys it . It 's not worth anything to me .
 This CD Does not play on any of my DVD players !! I am very disappointed in Amazon !!!!!
 I remember in the 80 's , when the Eagles broke up . There was a quote in People Magazine from Glenn Frey . It said something to the effect of , `` The Eagles are a young band . You 'll never see us getting back together for the ` Lost Youth and Greed Tour ' . '' I guess you should never say never . They fire Don Felder and still carry on with this tour . Sorry , it has turned into a Vegas act . How many side musicians do you need , anyway ? They are still the single most boring band I have ever seen live . And I first saw them in 1977 on the Hotel California tour . The two stars are for Joe Walsh -LRB- rocks ! -RRB- and for the sound .
 From what I have seen on A & E , this band misses Don Felder , I have never seen the Eagles perform this poorly , in my life , I love the eagles & never knew how much Felder inspired for this band !!! I suggest the band just retire , or go their separate ways , this performance is no way near Hell freezes over !!!
 Our problem with the this item was that we thought it was a cd not a dvd , a cd was what we were looking for . Todate I have not received my refund on my credit card . I am sorry to say I had to mail both invoices back and I do not have any copies . One was ordered 2 days before Valentines Day and the replacement was ordered on 2/16/06 . All dvd 's have been returned in February.Thank you.Connie G Martin
 Wont play in any DVD player !! Sux !!! One cd not two like all other sets I 've seen . Dont order it
 I grew up with and loved the Eagles ' music . Still love a lot of it , in fact . So , I was looking forward to seeing them in concert for the first time . I 'd heard rumors that they were never a good live band , but I figured hey , it 's the Eagles , it should be enjoyable , right?Wrong . This was the most boring live concert I have ever seen , bar none . Lifeless , sterile , humorless . No innovation , no chances taken , no spark whatsoever . I felt like I was watching a bunch of Disney animatronics.Sure , the sound was great . The songs sounded EXACTLY like they do on the record . Exactly the same notes , exactly the same vocal inflections , exactly the same harmonies , exactly the same arrangements , exactly the same guitar solos , exactly the same length.All the while , the band stands nearly motionless , except for `` going through the motions '' of playing the songs . This is the distinct feeling I got -- an extremely sterile , commercial display of a band that simply went through the motions , period.And so I ask you
 This DVD had no data on the disc . We did not open the package for over two months from the time it arrived . We did not know it was blank until I attempted to play it . We tried it on two DVD players that are otherwise working fine and then tried it on a dvd player in our computer.I previously rated the transactions as a 5 star because of the quick delivery . However I need to change that to a 1 star minus due to the missing data on the disc.Hoping for a replacement but navigating thru the return options is difficult .
 Don Felder not missed ? Seriously , have you no clue who the Eagles really were ? Without Don Felder , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner there is no Eagles , just musicians trying to copy their greatness .
 I love the Eagles . I listen to the Eagles Live CD all the time . But watching this is kinda like waiting in the waiting lounge at the doctors office . It 's not every exciting , in facts it very boring and you cant wait to get the hell outta there . OK , so the band sounds great , and all members are still at the top of their game , however its just all seems too sterile for me . It 's like watching a Fleetwood Mac concert from 2004 as apposed to 1979 . The 2004 version has the classic line up -LRB- except 1 Christine McVie -RRB- and a bazillion other musicians on stage trying desperately to re-create that studio sound . Thats the same thing here . It 's all calculated , cued , perfectly executed rock that is never outta tune , messed up or spontaneous . While Fleetwood Mac has still retained some of their spontinuity , thanks heavily to Lindsey 's atmospheric guitar jammimg , the Eagles just Take It Easy , literally . It 's like their all playing on auto pilot . Yeah , that new guy on guitar , Steuart whachamacallhim is good , of course he would be , and yeah , he nails all on Don Felder 's solo perfectly , but is n't that what he 's suppose to do and suppose to play . I 'm glad these guys are still around , especially Joe Walsh , but c'mon , I 'd rather see -LRB- and hear -RRB- the Bomber -LRB- aka Joe walsh -RRB- perform solo than with the Eagles . It 's more risky and exciting . Joe Walsh is a clown in concert , and he use to be like that with the Eagles , but now he 's just takes it one day at a time . Like I first mentioned , I like the Eagles , they were exciting live when it was just the 5 guys on stage jamming , and probably under some kind of influence . Nowadays , it 's like watching a classic rock band , if you know what I mean .
 I read all the reviews about the audio issue 's with the Eagles HD DVD . I assumed that Amazon would work quickly to remove the bad batch of disc 's that they were selling-NOPE . Read the review 's Amazon !!!! Not only did I receive my 3rd defective disc , then Amazon tells me in an e-mail that they have suspended the sale of this HD DVD until further investigations are carried out , yeh , right Amazon.You NEVER suspended the sale of this HDDVD and are currently still accepting new orders for this item.I see the writing on the wall now . Amazon just want 's to dump off this bad batch of DVD 's and hope that most will not return it.Amazon 's exchange policy is the best around , so I will give them that.Each time an order with Amazon goes south like this one leaves me with a sour taste and I look elsewhere for my product.Funny how some of my other post 's regarding sloppy handled Amazon and their 3rd party vendor 's order 's just seem to `` disappear '' and never get posted.We 'll see about this one .
 I 'm not throwing any rocks and stones at the band . Their performance is top notch and the song selection is a true representation of their best . Perhaps Witchy Woman should have formed part of the set but only they know why it was not included.My main gripe about this purchase is that we are not offered a Dolby 5.1 surround sound track . The fine folks at Warner Music Vision & ERC have decided that if you do not possess a DTS system , you will be punished by being forced to listen to the DVD in ` glorious ' PCM -LRB- 2-channel speaker -RRB- stereo.Is there a legit reason why there is no Dolby 5.1 surround sound track?This is a true sign of disrespect towards not only the fans of The Eagles but to all consumers.Review by Brian Grindrod
 I returned this item because I did not realize that the HD DVD format would not play on my blueray player . I noticed later when I reordered that this item was no longer available and carried a big warning message . I have since reordered the regular DVD vesion and am happy with it . I hope I got credit for my return !
 I had seen this prior to ordering - Awesome concert - however , I purchased 2 DVDs for gifts from Amazon and neither worked . I have shipped back for refund and re-purchased them from Best Buy , which I will do in the future . No more DVD purchases from AMAZON .
 JUSt saw the concert last night . . Eagles live sounded better . The MElbourne DVD was a disaapointment . THe ney guy who relaced Dnn Felder is not as good ... Joe and Don had chemistry when they jammed . . This new guy . Stuart SMith ... its not the same . . Henley is gaining weight . . Hell FReezes over is a claasicand they sound much better albeit they were 10 years younger . By that one instead of this ... and I am a great Eagles fan ... Miss Don Felders guitar playing especially in Hotel California when he and joe got into it in HEll Freezes over ... Anybody knows if he is ever going to be allowed to rejoin them ?
 This disc is an `` HD DVD '' which to my surprise is a `` bastard format '' that plays on very few players . Do n't make the same mistake I did instead order the DVD format . This really should be mentioned in the ad .
 Does n't work ! How do I return ? Please send me step by step instructions . Thank you . Sincerely Nick Causey Come back to me as soon as possible .
 totally bad ass , Joe walsh is an icon add in the eagles songs really there nothing to review is as good as you hope it would be . two stars because i degenerate the star system , I am sooo fool . the sound is top of the line . The music sound is top of the line top of the linetop of thetop of topI got ta admitt - in some way the way they treat Joe makes me feel kinda warm and fuzzy . they dont really make a point of '' Were playing with Joe Walsh '' but they recognise that any musican would like to say that - even if they had some great songs before he joined them . I just have a peaceful easy feeling about saying that so take it easy wichy women one of these nights love will keep us alive - we will take it to the limit and then enjoy the tequila sunrise and that aint easy to spell -RRB- . I cant tell you why it seems like wasted time youll just have to trust your lying eyes - you belong to the cityand I just walk away.What other band has 3 talents that are great alone collaberating ? You could say the beatles - but does Harrision = Joe walsh ? watching Joe is funcant imagine why anyone would need to read this reviewif your on the fence buy it you @ # ! its as good as you hope it will be , hope it will be maybe , hope , be.no Problems here \ move it along already
 I am very disappointed with this product because it could not be played in Australia . Have returned for credit , which I am still waiting for . I could not rate it zero stars . I have n't heard it yet .
 Disappointing . Beware -- `` Farewell Tour '' hd dvd ordered from Amazon was defective . Would not load . Returned for replacement and the second one did the same thing . Credit/return was easy , though . Bought the regular DVD locally -- and it is AWESOME as we knew it would be .
 i returned it bec it dont have closed caption in it which it said it does when i ordered it i. i am disppointed with it
 The Eagles is one of the biggest selling artist in the U.S.A. in the middle of 70s . Still I wonder what good is that band . I have nothing good to say . I really hate songs like Hotel California and A New Kid In the Town . Himo Pohonen likes this band !
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 I bought Enta da Stage in 1994 , and just recently popped it into my stereo after nearly a decade-long hiatus . Nothing new in '94 and definitely nothing new 9 years later . Some of the dark , heavy beats could potentially create some sort of atmosphere to back their braggadoccia , but they lack that certain , how do you say , je ne sais quoi . Actually , that 's not it . They lack any sort of musical complexity . The instrumentation is thin and undynamic . Black Moon is essentially hip hop at it 's most mundane . Some big-headed -LSB- folks -RSB- talking about how tough they are over a tiresome drizzle of generic beats . I 'm putting this album back on the shelf where it belongs ...
 this album was a big let down this album is wack simply because the beats sound cheap and the lyrics are wack avoid this album
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 Nothing can top -LRB- for me -RRB- the `` Superstition '' CD . This CD is OK , but -LRB- for me -RRB- does n't have the magic that SATB 's previous album did.Sad that this was SATB 's final album together ...
 C&oacute;mo es posible que un m&uacute;sico de la talla de Juan Carlos Calder&oacute;n pueda arruinar excelentes canciones ? C&oacute;mo es posible que hasta lo haga `` desafinar '' a Nino Bravo ? Estos duetos incluidos son de los peores que he escuchado en mi vida . Resulta increible y hasta doloroso escuchar que una voz como la de Paloma San Basilio , que en sus discos solistas es indudablemente una muy buena cantante , literalmente no tenga nada que hacer frente a Nino Bravo . Del resto , mejor ni hablar.El &uacute;nico material que vale la pena son las versiones originales.Por eso , recomiendo adquirir `` La obra completa de Nino Bravo '' y prescindir de este engendro . Algo mejor que este resulta `` Duetos '' volumen 2 , otro doble compacto que todavia no est&aacute; ofrecido en Amazon , y que incluye otros ocho duetos , incluyendo a Raphael y Sandra Morey entre otros . Pero , nuevamente es tan solo una muy leve mejor&iacute;a , y su `` calificaci&oacute;n '' no ser&iacute;a demasiado distinta a este disco , tal vez dos estrellas y punto . Los duetos no hacen otra cosa que evidenciar que va a ser muy dif&iacute;cil encontrar alguien que iguale o se parezca al increible registro vocal de Nino Bravo .
 A horrible diservice to the prodigious talents of a first-class singer ... as others have said , if you want to truly hear Nino Bravo , hunt around for his out-of-print original Lps on CD or better yet get the excellent 3cd set LA OBRA COMPLETA DE NINO BRAVO ... Yes , there are original numbers here by Nino but you can find all of them in the above-referenced CDThe duets here are horrible ... taking Nino 's original recordings and remixing them -LRB- badly -RRB- and `` arificially adding '' the voices of his duet partners -LRB- who do not hold a candle to Nino 's incredible voice -RRB- was an abyssmal concept and a sorry attempt to cash in on Nino 's legacy ... avoid at all costs !
 The name Corbin Bernsen is pronounced , but this is the serei not the movie so he is n't in it.It 's just boring .
 I bought Enta da Stage in 1994 , and just recently popped it into my stereo after nearly a decade-long hiatus . Nothing new in '94 and definitely nothing new 9 years later . Some of the dark , heavy beats could potentially create some sort of atmosphere to back their braggadoccia , but they lack that certain , how do you say , je ne sais quoi . Actually , that 's not it . They lack any sort of musical complexity . The instrumentation is thin and undynamic . Black Moon is essentially hip hop at it 's most mundane . Some big-headed -LSB- folks -RSB- talking about how tough they are over a tiresome drizzle of generic beats . I 'm putting this album back on the shelf where it belongs ...
 this album was a big let down this album is wack simply because the beats sound cheap and the lyrics are wack avoid this album
 I think The cars are stupid !! They are only meant for little babies . This is the worst album I have ever heard and has a fewof the worst most lousiest songs in DANGEROUS TYPE , and LET 'S GO.If you give this awful album 5 stars , I will be dissapointed ... Even Metallica is better than this . Avoid this and go with all the legends of Dire Straits , Foreigner , Metallica , Nirvana , Guns N ' Roses , and Green Day insted . All of them will be legends forever . Want me to say it again ? FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Cars suck , so please do n't buy any of their albums .
 The CARS were one of the most annoying , dumb , pathetic , lame , overrated , stupid , lousy , and awful bands ever came out in the 70 's . Their lead singer RIC OCASEK sings horribly and sings like a baby . This greatest-hits album was a huge joke that each and every song is incredibly bad.Their guitar playing is really bad . They are only recommended for loosers . Do n't listen to the five star reviewers of this album and avoid CD 's from the Cars , Nirvana , and AC/DC who suck . Listen to good bands like Foreigner and Dire Straits insted.ps.the cars are for babies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I only give this album two stars because it is now obsolete and should be deleted from the band 's back catalog . There have been two better compilations released since this one came along in 1985 - `` Just What I Needed - The Cars Anthology '' and `` The Cars Complete Greatest Hits '' -LRB- even the title of that one seems to be a dig at this disc 's anemic track listing -RRB- ... `` Complete Greatest Hits '' is available on Amazon.com for quite a bit less than this one and includes 8 more songs!The songs on this one are pretty much the cream of the Cars ' crop through 1985 , but as is usually the case you always complain about what 's not here as opposed to what is . `` Bye-Bye Love '' , `` Moving In Stereo '' , `` You 're All I 've Got Tonight '' , `` Candy-O '' , `` It 's All I Can Do '' , `` Dangerous Type '' , `` Gim me Some Slack '' , `` Do n't Tell Me No '' , `` Hello Again '' , and `` Why Ca n't I Have You '' are not included here . Also of course , hits from `` Door To Door '' -LRB- `` You Are The Girl '' , `` Coming Up You '' , `` Strap Me In '' -RRB- are not included since that album came out two years after `` Greatest Hits '' . Plus , the title track from `` Heartbeat City '' IS on here . Truly the lamest track from that disc , and inexplicably one of the 3 or 4 they did at Live Aid , this tune must really have some deep meaning to the band for it to be here instead of any of the tunes I mentioned earlier . It was n't a hit , was n't heard on the radio with any regularlity to my knowledge , and is a pretty weak song to boot.I bought this album on cassette the day it came out in 1985 , because it was the best you could do for Cars hits at that point . I have since bought both `` Just What I Needed '' -LRB- which includes all of the tunes I mentioned except `` Bye-Bye Love '' and `` Coming Up You '' -RRB- and `` Complete Greatest Hits '' -LRB- which does include `` Bye Bye Love '' and most of the other songs I mentioned -RRB- . Do n't waste time on this one , check out one of those other two and see which fits you best .
 This album is NOT the end-all , be-all Cars collection . Sure , it 's got some of their hits , but if you are looking for one Cars album , get the newer `` Complete Greatest Hits . '' You will be far happier . `` Greatest Hits '' will leave you unsatisfied .
 Rhino really dropped the ball on the remastering on this CD . I 'm surprised more people have n't commented . The clarity is excellent , but for example , on My Best Friend 's Girl , and Good Times Roll , they have the lead guitar part louder than Ric 's vocal , which proves annoying , and even more so when you turn it up to hear him . And then they have the awesome guitar part on Magic mixed behind the synths and bass ! What were these guys doing ?? It 's a great collection of the Car 's music at least . If you have the original 1990 compilation , I would suggest hanging on to that and download the missing tracks you want .
 The Cars
 I 'm a huge Cars fan . I really enjoyed The New Cars on their tour last year . The question I have with this collection is where is the track &#34; Candy-O &#34; ? The song is so quintesentially Cars . Also , I totally agree with the coomment about the seque &#34; Moving in Stereo &#34; into &#34; It 's all mixed up &#34; not including that was another mistake .
 It is fine to like this music , but to call it `` proto-punk '' is a total misnomer . That line you 've heard about punk being about attitude , not music ? It 's a lie . Whatever lifestyle choices the term connotes , it most definitely does specify a type of rock 'n' roll , and `` The Music Power from Okinawa '' most definitely has nothing in common with it . Shonen Knife ? Punk rock . REO Speedwagon ? Not punk rock . Green Day ? Perhaps a matter of opinion , but judging strictly from Amazon 's sound clips , Shoukichi Kina makes them sound like the baddest , most strident , least socially acceptable punk band on earth . Sorry to rain on the parade , but I 've read two reviews alluding to the `` punk '' nature of this album , and I have better things to do than to spend time previewing a mislabeled recording and be reminded that some ignorant music writers ca n't fathom the most obvious fine-points of pop-music analysis .
 This seems like a great deal with the amount of material and the price , but the truth is `` cheap price , cheap recordings '' . I highly suggest if you want to get the most of Richard Strauss 's tone poems you should buy different recordings . The main thing I was disappointed with on this box set was the recording of An Alpine Symphony . The recording of the alpine symphony was too old and weak , sloppy and loud -LRB- only at times -RRB- , and just ok overall . The alpine symphony is on the first cd so I after I listened to that , I had a bad attitude about the rest of it . Even though , all of the other recordings are pretty good or ok.Personally , I would suggest Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic when it comes to Richard Strauss 's tone poems .
 This 3 CD set is disappointing . Close to 2/3 of the music is in mono , not stereo . The mono recordings are not even close to being top flight mono . They date from 1957 when many recordings were already being made in great sounding stereo . What Deutsche Grammophon should have done is to take CD 2 -LRB- all stereo -RRB- and the 2 stereo tracks off CDs 1 and 3 and combined them with other artists and made a 3 CD Richard Strauss Panorama series set.Just about everything on Bohm 's 3 CD set has been recorded in great sounding stereo by Herbert Von Karajan . If I were in the market that is the direction I would go .
 I bought two International Babies 101 DVDs , one in Spanish and one in Japanese , and excitedly opened the Japanese version to play for my toddler . Boy , was I surprised ... the singing was REALLY off-key and the choice of music very inappropriate ! In fact the lyrics to one of the songs is : `` My grandfather 's clock was to large for the shelf , So it stood ninety years on the floor ; It was taller by half than the old man himself , Though it weighed not a pennyweight more.It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born , And was always his treasure and pride.But it stopp 'd short , Never to go again , When the old man died . . ChorusNinety years without slumberingTick , tock , tick , tock , His life seconds numbering , Tick , tock , tick , tockIt stopp 'd short , Never to go againWhen the old man died . `` Seriously , does anyone what their little one listing to music about Grandpa dying?I was n't expecting `` Baby Einstein '' quality -LRB- in fact , my child 's favorite DVD is Baby IQ Language 's `` Learning Chinese and English Together , '' a very low-tech , but well-done DVD -RRB- , but this was really bad . I do like the alphabet section , but that 's a small portion of the DVD which mostly shows videos wind-up toys and has the out-of-tune singing.I also puchased the Spanish version of International Babies 101 , but have not opened it because I 'm afraid it will be as bad as the Japanese version , especially since it has the same song list . I 'll be sending this back ASAP .
 `` And I hereby declare this amphitheatre open ! '' Ernst Hogwood-Blofeld , the head of SPECTRE -LRB- Sinister Period-Practice Enacted to Counter Traditional Readings Everlastingly -RRB- trumpeted to the vast array of period practice musicians who had packed into the arena . He was enthroned in the imperial box surrounded by his equerries , counter-tenors of easy virtue and cronies . Mister Bigglesworth was sitting on a purple cushion . `` When 's the hot-dog boy ? '' Rene Jacobs - Number 5 in the evil organisation - squeaked in his high-pitched voice . `` I 'm so hungry ! '' `` Whatever , '' Hogwood-Blofeld growled . `` Now , who 's up first ? Is it a Murmillo up against a Thracian or a Retiarius ? When are the Venators going to make an appearance ? I paid damned good money to build this Colosseum into the side of the hollowed-out volcano - even Brunel would be impressed ; I wan na see some real bloodletting ! `` Number Five squinted at the program . `` Why , it 's John Eliot Gardiner up against Phillipe Herreweghe in the Mozart Requiem . They 're also going to slug it out in the K 341 - the great Kyrie in D Minor . Their discs are identical so it 's apt to pit them against one another in a battle to the death . `` Mozart
 Die hard fans of John Valby will probably want this in their DVD collection - there do n't seem to be many other live DVD 's produced . The video and sound quality on this production suck ! As previously mentioned it looks like it was filmed using a Micky Mouse Video Cam . The video quality is worse than VCD and the sound is terrible . Not recommended for anyone except those that absolutely have to have a keepsake remider of his shows .
 This guy has a nasal kid voice that sounded better in Zoinks ! I guess he is trying to `` grow as an artist '' but the songs are boring and repetative . The guys in the band are totally old , too , and it looks like these stupid old guys trying to rock out . Check out Alkaline Trio instead .
 Quite simply , this is not really a Red Elvises album . It was an album written entirely by Zhenya Kolykhanv , who left the band shortly after to pursue other projects - and you can see why . The Red Elvises has always been about fun live rock and roll , and this is a mellow pop album.Now that 's not to say that this is bad music . But those who keep spamming the review form about how great this music is , and how horrible it is that the Elvises do n't play it live , should check out Zhenyas new band Zeerok , and leave the Elvises to do what they do best .
 The problem with this CD is n't that the band 's style has left them , but rather that Zhenya has written all of the songs . Do n't get me wrong , I love him as a member of the band , but he just has a pop style that does n't fit the Red Elvises at all . Existing fans must not be put off ! They released two albums simultaneously this time , one by Zhenya and one by Igor . All of the songs on Igor 's new album , Welcome to the Freakshow , shine with classic Red Elvises style . Look into it instead , because I 'd give it a 5 !
 Now , I 'm all for a band to change its style and take some risks . I love that . But with the Red Elvises , when you listen to them , you expect to hear a certain sound . This album finds the band going towards a more `` grungy '' bar-rock style and puts its emphasis on the lyrics . LYRICS . Ever hear a Russian try to sing about a hot-dog stand girl ? Not pretty . And when they sing about a fun night on the town consisting of doing cocaine in the limo , it makes you wonder what the heck they were thinking . I bought the album hoping to smile and laugh , but instead , this one is destined for the trash heap .
 It 's clear the guy playing the bass is a good bass player ... but not a good teacher . He does n't explain things at all which would n't be that bad if they showed you what he was doing with his hands but the veiw is so far away it is wothless . The only good quality of the video is the musical notation that goes along with the riffs -LRB- DVD Version -RRB- . This is probably the only thing that makes this video usable . I like some of the other MVP guitar videos , but this bass video is not that good .
 This guy has a nasal kid voice that sounded better in Zoinks ! I guess he is trying to `` grow as an artist '' but the songs are boring and repetative . The guys in the band are totally old , too , and it looks like these stupid old guys trying to rock out . Check out Alkaline Trio instead .
 I 'm a great fan of Steve Earle , the outspoken activist/musician and the subject of this documentary . I had read a recent biography of him , so I was somewhat familiar with his life , music , and politics , and was looking forward to learning more when I put this DVD in.JUST AN AMERICAN BOY contains some terrific musical performances , but sadly it leaves Earle himself unknowable . The 2002 tour , the film 's primary setting , occurred during the firestom over `` John Walker 's Blues '' , a song on Earle 's JERSUALEM album widely misunderstood as being pro-Taliban . There are a lot of issues to discuss here , yet Earle is heard to say little on the subject in the film , and we just get some recycled news clips for context . Footage from a court-ordered concert at a prison comes late and out of chronological order in the film , and little is said about Earle 's overcoming some whopping addictions earlier in his life . In one bizarre scene , Earlr recounts a story of being arrested while carrying a gun which accidentally discharges to a woman who laughs uproariously and inappropriately . Also , I would have liked more on Earle 's musical roots , there 's only a brief mention of the iconoclastic singer-writers who nurtured Earle , like Townes Van Zandt.Overall , a disappointing film about a fascinating man .
 When I first read the review of this documentary I thought , `` Wow ! I have to buy this '' . WHAT A MISTAKE !!! This is by far the worst piece of crap I 've ever purchased . The `` film-making '' was absolutely horrible ... Shaky , amateurish edits done with what looks like a cheap , home video camera . It literally looks like someones 12 year old kid put this together . But even if you can stomach the amateurish production , the bad story telling can not be overlooked . The film-makers seemed to lose focus after the first 10 minutes of so ... Very little meaningful insight into the man behind the music . All in all ... a horrible document of a great musical talent .
 I love Steve Earle , and was really interested in a backstage look at his politics and tour . Unfortunately , this DVD does n't feel cohesive or complete . And -- although I 've heard Steve Earle is quite a character -- I thought the film was fairly dull . Some great footage though , especialy the bluegrass show .
 ... and there was such great potential here but none of it was realized . Poor sound , poor camera work and way to much of Steve just jabbering on . Where there was finally some music as often as not there was taking over it too . I watched it once and sold it . If you want a lesson in Steve 's politics , this is for you . If you want music , forget it .
 This movie is hilariously bad . For as many cinematographers and editors that were involved with this film both are exceptionally awful . The picture painted of Earle himself is contradictory . There are lots of great tidbits with him throughout the film . I wish there was a highlight reel of just that footage . Most of the film is shaky bad angles of concerts from 2002 . The rest of the film is a mish-mash of verete ' footage . I simply must mention the overuse of bad visual fx . It 's almost like the editors found the effects tab in Final Cut Pro and used all the ones they could at the most inappropriate times . From random freeze frames to random blue vertical stripes to semi psychedelic tracers this movie has it all . This filmmaker 's theory is that the fx were used to hide footage that would otherwise be unusable.Moreover the technical problems of this film are overshadowed by the poor jumbled storytelling . Even with Wikipedia at my side while watching this film , it still has no narrative hook or structure that is decipherable.Earle proves to be a fascinating character , amateur filmmaking aside and many of his songs are strong enough to keep the film bumbling along to it 's welcomed abrupt anticlimactic finish.Recommend for hardcore Steve Earle fans only . Although , this movie is so bad you might end up liking Steve less at the film 's close . If I were Steve Earle I 'd be embarrassed and upset to have participated in a film this bad was made about myself .
 Let me preface this by saying I love Steve Earle 's music but this really is an appalling DVD.No doubt like many others , I was looking forward to this DVD , hearing Steve speak about making this album and it 's subsequent reception from the public , the press and the politicians here in the US.What we get is a jumbled collection of live footage -LRB- which at times hints at how great a Steve Earle concert can be but generally falls short , especially with the Doctor Who-like effects -RRB- and some video that looked like it was shot with a Sony Handycam . I have no reason to suspect otherwise . The film has no thread and completely fails to draw you in . Poor sound , poor footage and poor editing will leave you wondering why you wasted two hours watching this - its not 2 hours long but you keep on rewinding because you ca n't hear what was said . This DVD is the musical equivalent of someone being given a fine piece of steak and deciding to make a sloppy Joe out of it .
 I 'll have to say I was disappointed when I heard this album . I consider myself a big Abstract Rude fan . Albums like South Central , P.A.I.N.T and compilations like A-Team and Code Name Scorpion with Aceyalone and Moka Only/Prevail respectively , flow well and I definitely recommend those . However , fans of Rude will notice a distinct difference in the way he sings on these `` fossil '' tracks . His voice sounds immature and light and not what you expect from Abstract Rude . Also , the beats are sometimes slow and mediocre and the rhymes are n't that interesting . I found myself skipping tracks and hoping that the next one will be better , this never happened though . What else is disappointing is the fact this cd is only 25 minutes , with half of those tracks interludes and non-singing tracks . For anyone considering buying this album , I would recommend any other ATU/Abstract Rude album . They will not let you down . For any die hard Abstract Rude fan ; you can check this out , just do n't expect too much as these are early recordings before Rude really found his `` groove . ''
 This is definitely the worst Donnas CD . Every song is the same , they show little talent and poor lyrics , and the record as a whole drags on way too long . Its like they are trying to be catchy , but they end up just being annoying . For me this was a painful record to listen to . However , since the debut , The Donnas have improved themselves , writing varied and more interesting songs as well as showing they do have talent as musicians . If you want to get into the donnas , do n't go for this CD first .
 Now , I am a fan of punk rock and girl groups , -LRB- which is why I bought this CD in the first place -RRB- , but I am not a fan of this album . To me , `` The Donnas '' sounds like the Ramones would if they were A -RRB- bad and B -RRB- girls . This album is also quite long considering the fact that basically all the songs sound the same . From what I 've heard from them The Donnas have improved greatly since this album , and I would n't discourage anyone from getting into them ... I would , however , discourage them from buying this specific album . Go for some more recent stuff and maybe work your way back to this one eventually .
 Sorry , but the only gimmick these girls have going for them is their youth . They 're just a Ramones rip-off ! They 're not even as clever musically as the Ramones ... yikes . Let 's hope they go to college and do n't end up like Joey , Johnny , Dee Dee etc. - let 's face it , The Ramones never got the credit they deserved .
 ... In my personal opinion tho ... this album lacked any thought or real production value . For one the recording quality was bad and the girls seem to be playing as individuals instead of a group . That and it it seemed like all songs were recorded as if they had a time limit.With all their other albums American Teenage RNR Machine , Get Skin Tight , Turn 21 and Spend the Night it was as if they were given the top of the line production to co-incide with their talents . After listening to all 4 on-line I went out and bought all 4 cds myself.It is just this one along with their Electrocutes days were poor misuses of their talents . The last part of the 1990s being warped with alternative/inde type bands it may have been a `` Shania Twain '' type of compromise where the material was written for them to record and they had little say if they wanted a recording deal . Electrocutes sound grunge-like . The Donnas seem like a re-birth into new wave punk . This album could be considered spring training . The talent is there just not the production value and unity teamwork-wise . At least they got it together for the next 4 albums , which are destined to be classics and would even make Joan Jett proud .
 Just four chicks doing sarcastic , obnoxious Ramones-esque punk rock . We do n't need more Green Days . Awful .
 This record does nothing but repeat itself . It 's nothing but the same songs over and over agin . The same lyrical material in most of the songs makes for a boring record . They 're not even comparable to the Ramones because at least the Ramones had the brains to add a little diversity to their songs . Do n't buy this CD . If you want a girl band , try the Red Aunts , Sleater-Kinney , Babes in Toyland , or Fluffy . This gets two stars because they have enough talent -LRB- ? -RRB- to get signed to a label .
 The Luther remake is solid , but not spectacular . After that , its little more a litany of music and lyrics about love gone bad . No dynamics , and very little real emotion . Perhaps indifferent or apathetic could be used to describe the feeling this record evokes ; a feeling that is neither too hot or too cold but not just right . Fortunately for us , Lalah 's voice is just warm enough to prevent you from wanting to spew this disc out of your collection . She has yet to release record as good as her debut . But then again some of her father 's records were a bit uneven , so I guess those genetics extend to Lalah 's music also . Still , I 'd buy this just because she is just plain beautiful , both physically and vocally . Hopefully the music will catch up someday .
 Lalah is supremely talented , but I do n't think this album is a reflection of it . The songs are very homogenous and depressing . C'mon Lalah , showcase that exceptional voice with some songs that are worthy of it .
 It 's a really weird CD ... Do not buy this CD thinking that the rest of the music will have the same vibe as the single `` For always , forever , for love '' . The single was great and I rarely buy new artist -LRB- although she 's not really new -RRB- but I try to stick with my old favorites . Anyway I got this and could n't wait to hear what this beautiful young lady had in store and I was blown away of how boring and depressing this was.This CD has 1 good song and it 's that one single that overplayed on the urban stations . The same single , by the way , is available on the Luther Vandross tribute ` For Always , Forever , For Luther ' . I expected more of a Regina Belle vibe but what you get is the same , same feeling of depression all throughout.For music lovers who want to feel the different moods and the burning flames of a woman in love , then I urge to listen to the latest outing by Regina Belle , ` Lazy Afternoon ' , a true masterpiece .
 Its an ok album . I think it could have been way better if all of the songs had the same Formula as track # 4
 This CD is a big disappointment to me . I was expecting this CD to be a little happier . I do n't know what man has hurt this girl , but she is really hurting . In every song , she 's saying the same thing in the same tone of voice ... there is n't any variation in her songs at all . I am not pleased at all .
 I tried , I tried many times to go through all CD , I could n't ! From the first listen it comes across as smooth and soulful.That said , it 's bland and boring , and out of touch in terms of making any kind of impact.It flows inoffensively from one track to another one and that 's the problem - nothing stands out - except the song ` Forever , for always , for love ' . Definitely , this is the ONLY good song from ` Outrun The Sky ' . So , skip this CD and buy the tribute album ` V.A.-Forever , for always for Luther '' , where you can find the same , same song.File ` Outrun the Sky ' under
 im a big believer in ` grown folks music ' ; caint a grown man get a ` soundtrack of his life ' that doesnt revolve around hoochiemamas and men with way too much jewelry in they mouths ??? i mean , JUST ONCE !?!? on that side , sista hathaway comes thru ... this is definitely nothing you 'll find on the radio.but sista hathaway mighta came at us a lil TOO grown ; this has little heat , no passion , not much insight ... joe sample might be one of her influences , but she 's too young to be considering him one of her ` contemporaries ' . she doesnt hafta measure up to her daddy , but she definitely hasta show us signs of life and living.but i ` ma ABSOLUTELY LOVE this album when i turn 60 tho ... 22 years before that happens ... hopefully , young sista will find her inner voice to go along side her brilliant outer voice .
 This recording was made at the 1993 ATOS convention in Chicago.I attended that event and nothing before or since can equal the experience of hearing that mighty Barton organ in that Stadium.Most disappointing is the fact no commercial recording was made of one of the great organists who played just before Frank Pellico , Walt Strony . This pales in comparison , but it 's the only commercial recording from that time .
 While listening to this disc , I thought I was having flashbacks to the 80 's . Back in the days listening to the scorpions , def leppard , great white , etc. . . This is way old stuff . Boring lyrics -LRB- stupid really -RRB- . Just look at the lyrics to track # 2 , what was josey thinking ? Very poor songwriting as well . It 's just very poor songs with weak lyrics . The really good thing this album has going for it is that it is produced well . Let 's look back here . Every Six Seconds was fresh , new , cutting edge , crafty rap/metal songs . Back into your system had just a bit of the rap thing , but mainly commercialized metal candy.Going away from cutting edge and into mainstream . Ok , so it looks like this album they were trying to stay mainstream and go for the cutting edge again , and it failed . As I listen to the album for the tenth time , it 's starting to grow a bit , but I think i 'm just getting used to these bad songs . I 'd better stop listening or I 'll be forever sucked in to this crapola . Well , track 12 is cool . That 's cutting edge , rocking with the rap thing going . That 's the direction saliva should go with the next album , if there is a next album . Here 's hoping they put this one to bed , and come out with a well thought out , solid album . Come on josey ! Start writing some intelligent lyrics that are thought out and not thrown together in two seconds . Hopefully saliva wo n't go click , click BOOM .
 Do n't get me wrong . . i 'm not bashing Saliva as a band . . I used to love them . . Every Six Seconds = Great album . Back into Your System = started to turn commericial ... but still good . this album = trash . I 'm not sure what exactly they were trying to accomplish with this album -LRB- retro 80s rock i guess ? -RRB- but they failed . The music seems very un-natural for josey scott and to be honest i do n't think he 's enjoying himself on this CD . I hope they found what they were looking for because i sure did n't . goodbye saliva .
 You can tell touring with Aerosmith and Kiss had a big impact on these guys . With this album they tried to do the whole `` rock and roll '' sound . The only problem with that is that Saliva doesnt have nearly enough talent to do this type of music . All of these songs are ruined by Josey Scotts whiney , nasal and terrible vocals , and the guitar solos are a joke . The thing is that some of the songs here are decent . Rock and Roll Revolution would be a good song , with a new vocalist and new guitarist . These guys really just need to stick to nu-metal , thats the only genre they have enough talent for -LRB- which doesnt require any -RRB- . And yes ... Saliva did steal the riff from `` The Fight Song '' by Marilyn Manson . Listen to them both and compare . Not recommended .
 The worst saliva cd yet to date . Theres best hands down is back into your system . This one just sucks . Plain and simple . I cant even get into one song at all ...
 This album is worse than their previous release . Do n't buy it ... save your money !
 Do not waste your hard-earned wages on this whirling hurricane of massively pretentious lyrics , the most generic riffs ever fumbled together , and no small amount of human effluent . Look , just go and buy Social Distortion 's last two albums , then sit back and laugh at the fact that you were thinking of buying this piece of unadulterated rubbish .
 Sheer disappointment . ` Every Six Seconds ' and ` Back into Your System ' had such great cuts with great harmonies and you could just totally rock and roll with each song . This , friends , is garbage . I do n't know what these guys were thinking when they decided to release this mess . The only standout songs are the title cut and `` Rock and Roll Revolution '' . Pity .
 Ok , normally I do not do these type of reviews , because I do n't like when people bash bands that I like simply because they do n't like the music . I have no hatred for Saliva , I just think that the whole world should know that Osmun315 , who posted a few months ago , is right . I just got back from a Marilyn Manson concert and on the ride back heard the Survival of the Sickest song on the radio . My friend and I immediately thought we were listening to Manson 's Fight Song , but it turned out to be something different entirely . I think it is quite pathetic that these guys ca n't come up with something original , but at least they stole a riff from someone great like Manson .
 I 'm not really into Rock music but I got Saliva 's `` Back Into Your System '' and loved it ! I wanted some new material so I got `` Survival of The Slickest '' ... But it 's a little too much for me . That 's not to say it 's a bad CD , but I only like one song ... It 's just too rock , I guess . If you 're into that music you 'll need to get it and make the call on whether it 's good . Tastes differ ...
 Well , it 's true ... after buying Dark Side last week I just jumped on the band wagon and pulled the trigger on this one . Granted Floyd is an Icon and we all appreciate their music and Gestalt , but this is rather weak . Some of the 1 Star reviewers said it well . However , back in 1987 Chris Pederson and I traveled the country on his AMEX card and he LOVED this CD . That , coupled with the daily discount price got me on-board . Chris ... I miss ya buddy . It 's been a long road and this disc gives me a decent memory of our travels ... Shine On you crazy diamond ! On the off chance you -LRB- or anyone who knows you -RRB- reads this , I live in Fargo now and I 'd love to hear from ya again . God Speed
 I received the WYWH Immersion package today . However , I was not able to get a surround sound out of the Blu-ray disk . I have an older Onkyo reciever whic does not have an HDMI connection and with which I have watched a lot of movies on Blu-ray and DVD and have never had an issue getting a surrund sound . I have been using the optical connection for sound . So , is this lack of the more recent technology on my receiver the reason for not getting a surround sound ? I have been reading the customer reviews and they speak of really outstanding surround sound out of the Blu-ray . I am afraid if I do n't get this quality of sound , I may have to return the package to which I have been looking forward for weeks .
 The labeling on these disks were terrible !! When burned on itunes , there is no word on the titles that the disk is digitally remastered , which make you wonder if the music is really digitally remastered . Also , there was no artwork on either wish ou were here , and the dark side of the moon imersion sets . I know if you want you can manually do all that , but one would expect better than this from always-perfect Pink Floyd .
 Unfortunetelly , this was the worst buy that I ever had.The product is amazing , perfect!But the delivery of it was ridiculous.O product that was here in Brazil since 01.02.2012 was delivered almost 20 days before , because the DHL dind n't inform that was n't make deliverys on my address.That information should be on the page of Amazon , something like -LRB- put you ZIP Code here to see if DHL cover your region in Brazil -RRB- . The others issues was solved by you . You gave me credit for the inconvenient , etc.That 's all.On more time , the prduct is amazing , but the delivered and the contact with DHL was terrible.Hugo de Almeida
 I 'm in the no-go zone !!!! oh which shoe was rear ?? a special course in PF crap writing is brought to ya byTim Hicks
 I found one of the most depressing albums of all time , and it was under my nose . There 's only one real saving grace off this album , and that was `` Shine On You Crazy Diamond -LRB- Part One -RRB- '' It was a rather dark , stark , and yet beautiful piece , but I ca n't say that for the second part of the song which you have to endure through 3 horrible songs just to get to . `` Welcome To The Machine '' is boring as well as depressing it seems like it 's never ending like `` Tuesday Afternoon '' `` Have A Cigar '' is also long-winded , and depressing , `` Wish You Were Here '' it 's not the greatest , but it 's also not that bad either . I also realized that there was some conflict going on with the group , and Capitol Records after `` Dark Side Of The Moon '' wound up being so successful , and made the group move over to Columbia Records , and a perchance meeting with former frontman Syd Barrett during the recording of this album was also noted . He was only 29 when he saw them again , and it looked like he aged 35 years by then . Which is the same spirit I got when I heard this album all the way through on December 18 , 1993 . It was a boring Saturday night in Florida , and I had nothing to do with myself except to put my brother 's Floyd cd collection onto cassette tapes . I do n't wish to be there again .
 I have immense admiration for Pink Floyd ; they achieved the nigh impossible and managed to make this album even MORE boring than `` DARK SIDE OF THE MOON '' or `` MEDDLE '' . Who needs sleeping pills when you can listen to Pink Floyd ? What a truly gifted band-God bless 'em !
 `` Wish You Were Here '' sounds like an entirely different band from the one that made the classic `` Dark Side of the Moon '' . That album was beautiful and kaleidoscopic . This one is boring , long-winded and mean-spirited . The first song alone must go for twenty minutes ! And the `` best '' song here , the title song , sounds like a Wallflowers castoff . A lot of people love this album , but I do n't know why .
 This critique is of the pressing quality control . The recording sounds fantastic , easily superior to a CNET half speed mastered copy I have . The down side is RTI . They can take a fabulous master and screw it up . From scuffs on new vinyl , to bubbled and lifting labels , I swear , do they just ship everything they press ? Does anyone look at the vinyl ? Any time I see the RTI pink vinyl sleeve I cringe and expect to find some manufacturing defect . They are 60/40 return rate in my experience.Oh well , thanks to amazon I can get another copy .
 Years ago I owned a copy of Wish You Were Here on a 1/2 speed mastered Sony LP . I am not a vinyl purist but none of the CD copies I owned could compare to that vinyl copy . I saw this import being offered as a pre-order on October 7 , 2007 . Excited it may be a remastered CD I jumped at the chance to own a Japanese Import . No details were given and I hope this review helps.This CD is from 1994
 I was looking for the SACD version which I entered into the search . This is the disk that came up so I purchased it . Disappointed to find it was a remastered standard red book CD . Next time I will use a more reputable music source as to not be mislead . I would think that if I entered the the title and SACD it would not show anything if the match was not exact .
 I have a problem giving a pink floyd product just one star . I am a huge fan and there 's nothing I love more in this world than Pink Floyd ! But I was dissappointed with this box set . This is not a review of the music . The music is out of this world fantastic . This is a review of the box set . The extra stuff is completely useless . The marbles are clear , do n't understand what 's the point ? I can buy clear marbles at a toy store or dollar store . The coasters , concert ticket , back stage pass look cheap , cheap paper/cardboard , even the print is bad quality . The scarf feels cheap also.I wish I had bought the experience version , I just want the music and video . I do like to have pink floyd memorabilia but not this cheaply made stuff.The music of course is outstanding . Cool to listen to the early versions of the animals songs . And I absolutely love the &#34; wish you were here &#34; version with Stephane Grapelli . I happen to like him also , so I was so surprised to hear this ! Beautiful version.Its always wonderful to hear new live versions of any pink floyd song . They are just fantastic !!!!! Again , the 1 star is for the extras in this box set .
 What type of hard rock band is this ? Reviews of all Pink Floyd 's albums describe their songs as slow and relaxed . So , where is the hard rock ?????? Pink Floyd is a great soft rock , easy listening band -LRB- exhibit A : `` Comfortably Numb '' -RRB- , but a ROCK bottom hard rock band!My dad likes Pink Floyd , but then again he also loves Frank Sinatra . As for me , I think they rot !!!! This music puts me to sleep . Nighty night !
 This album sucks so bad it 's not even funny . See I do this site a service , most people only write 5 star reviews for stuff they like . I 'm different , I seek out the stuff I hate . I 'll just say this I actually like some of the material on Dark Side . This album though is just garbage . At this point you have a bunch of ego maniacs , capitalizing on Syd Barrett . I truly believe Syd was a completely eccentric guy , and he had a bent mind . I also think he was incredibley gifted guy , with a level of creativity that was un-parralleled . However , at this point I think these guys were just promoting the myth and capatalizing on his illness . The opener , is a prime example of this , with some of the worst lyrics I 've ever heard coupled with some of the worst wanker guitar I 've ever heard . I also think listening to a song like ` Welcome To The Machine ' is an excercise in masochism . Personally I 'd rather give myself eraser burns . For anyone looking for direction this band was actually good at one point , and I 'd say start w/Piper At The Gates and then all of the early singles . You 'll be blown away .
 If you just must have some Pink Floyd in your collection buy either `` The Wall '' -LRB- if you want the best music -RRB- or `` Dark Side of the Moon '' -LRB- if you 're following the herd and want to say that you own it -RRB- . In either case , I 'd say that this album is not essential for a PF collection and that PF is not really essential to a great rock collection . There were too many other bands breaking ground to spend time on this one-off stuff .
 A friend of mine bought this set , and while some of the unreleased audio tracks are interesting -LRB- hence the extra star above one -RRB- , a true Floyd/WYWH fan is better served by spending their money on a used Columbia 20-bit Mastersound edition of WYWH -LRB- sadly out of print , but still available on the used market -RRB- . I 've done careful evaluations of the Mastersound edition against all of the other versions available , and there is no comparison except for perhaps clean vinyl LP of WYWH on a top-line McIntosh tube system.Think about it . What do a scarf , set of coasters and three marbles have to do with this album ? It 's a desperate and cynical attempt by the music industry to resell classic albums over and over to `` completists , '' when all they really need is the music itself , not a $ 100 box full of useless swag.Listen to the lyrics to `` Have a Cigar '' again and hear the irony of it being associated with this ridiculous consumerism-driven box set .
 Why cant we decide our selves what we wish to buy ? Like most people , I only want the bluray 5.1 or perhaps the concert ... Not yet another stereo version , two surrounds versions etc. -LRB- And a nice box -RRB- Please , split this set up and let us decide ourselves about the disc they want . . Some may even still wish to buy them all.But most certainly - we - the customers , the target group , the `` fans '' - dont want to spend that much moneybuying material we do not want . - wish the BR version were hereI wonder whom decides this . . ? ... EMI , Harvest , PF group ... ??
 What are you really getting here ? Will you really listen to this that much ? Spend your money on a watch .
 A boring album especially when you put it up against Dark Side of the Moon , Animals , Meddle , Piper at the Gates , and even Final Cut . The lyrics throughout the album are as fantastic as anything they have done - but the melody to Welcome to the Machine and the title track are dull and too self conscious . It seems that they had put their all into the magnificient Dark Side of the Moon and were totally spent to go in and make another album . Shine on You Crazy Diamond and to a lesser degree Have a Cigar -LRB- with a guest vocal from Roy Harper , who has some pretty classic albums from this period as well -RRB- are the only songs that have any redemible qualities from this album - and they were so desperate for material the had a Shine On Crazy Diamond part 6-9 which really was mindless jamming and a reiteration of the original melody . But hey , its Pink Floyd . A much more admirable album , Animals had material that was from around Dark Side album but it has a freshness to it that Wish you were Here just does n't have .
 After reading reviews here you 'd think this was n't only the Floydian 's best album but the greatest album ever . Would the greatest album ever have 5 -LRB- techincally 4 -RRB- songs ? Well , yes if all of those songs are classics . That is not the case here .1 . Shine On You Crazy DiamondThe song itself is pretty good but why do we have to wait 5 minutes for it to get here ? Absolutely nothing gets accomplished in the beginning and it actually hinders the song severely . It 's easy getting to the good part on ITunes or WMP but if you want to listen to it on your Ipod or a CD then fast forwarding every time can be real annoying . Otherwise , you may be asleep by the time the good part kicks off .2 . Welcome To The MachineAbsolutely dreadful song . Nothing is more painful to the ears than the ... whatever that is in the background . It 's not much of a song and has barely any melodies .3 . Have A Cigar.Average song . Not too good but not the musical Holocaust that Welcome To The Machine was .4 . Wish You Were HereThis is a very good song and earns this CD a star all by itself . Great tune and one of Pink Floyd 's best .5 . Shine On You Crazy Diamond -LRB- Part Two -RRB- Even worse than the first part . This song is n't interesting enough to split into two but I guess they needed SOME material to fill up this CD.There you go . Out of the 5 -LRB- techincally 4 -RRB- songs , the only one worth writing home about is the title track . And that 's what we have Limewire for .
 Did you just lay out $ 120 for the Pink Floyd WYWH Immersion Set ? Have you watched ` Welcome to the Machine ' ? Are you upset that the syncing of the animation and the music are WAY off . Same with `` Shine On You Crazy Diamond '' . I feel EMI should send us all replacement discs with this FIXED . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Purposefully , I am writing this without having viewed any Amazon customer reviews of this album . Deliberately , I am writing this drunk , for as Latin speakers amongst you know , in vino veritas . The sober are a cautious lot.I start , therefore with a handful of assumptions -LRB- to wit
 A word of warning
 The one positive thing about this movie is it does use the King James Version Bible . One of the most disturbing things it does not show the Resurrection -LRB- without this , what hope does mankind have ? -RRB- . John the Baptist is shown in only two scences . The Baptism of Jesus is omitted -LRB- which Hollywood usually does not depict correctly in the first palce , i.e. full immersion -RRB- . The order of miracles are not correct . Even at the turn of the century Hollywood had set the pace for it 's on going deception .
 Unfortunately , the Chubby Checker original catalog -LRB- along with those of ? & Mysterians ; The Tymes ; Bobby Rydel and other Cameo/Parkway artists -RRB- are all out of print and in the vaults of ABKCO . Do n't count on seeing the originals in print at anytime during our lifetime . Save your hard earned dollars and do n't purchase this disc !
 The ones that got play time were great and the other ones ... well , there 's a reason why they never got play time !
 Their hits were too few . Unless you really like the group I would suggest other music . It was a disappointment for me .
 I picked this up at a yard sale and it was not bad for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- but I 'm glad I did n't pay full retail . The music sounds very bad compared to other Zombie CD 's I have . I own another CD from this generics label and it sounded like ... to . I hope one of the major labels re-haul the Zombies and come out with an acceptable CD or 2 . I 'm going to give this to my mother and father . Maybe they will like it .
 this album is quite similar to the album that succeeds it . for more info , please refer to the death by sexy reviews .
 Josh Homme does n't stand behind his work.He claims he never wanted Kyuss to get big , but only AFTER they failed to GET big . If Eagles Of Death Metal takes off , he will take all the credit -LRB- and the $ -RRB- . If they fade away , then he was just the drummer and it was all just a joke.If you want to keep your `` QOTSA and all that is related '' cd collection up to date , this is a must buy.If you worship Josh Homme and the toilets he craps in , this is a must buy.Other than that , -LRB- ... -RRB- Carlo Von Sexron , Baby Duck , or whoever ... Jesse `` The Devil '' Hughes has some seriously haunting demos out there , but `` Peace Love and Death Metal '' fails to capture that essence and instead falls way short on a pop level , comparable to ` Jet ' or ` White Stripes ' . There are some white trash blues riffs in Keith Richards tuning , some lyrics about speed , dancing sluts , the So.Cal desert . All the `` cool '' people are involved , including the recently ousted Nick from QOTSA , Brody Armstrong of The Distillers , and other `` desert folk '' . It was interesting in the 90 's , but who cares 2004 ? There are moments , like `` Already Died '' , a hunting tune featuring Nick Oliveri on bass and a sampled drum track that sounds better than Homme playing live .
 Well I 'm not sure where to start so I 'm going to cut to the chase . The singer ca n't sing . The drummer is ok . Guitar riffs are so-so . The lyrics are n't very good either . There false stop is overused . Happens in every song from what I remember . I only listened to this once or twice . I Only Want You is the only good song on this cd . I felt that on most of this album the band was going for catchy driving riffs but since they are n't very good , I heard gargled guitars with the same drum beat . Avoid this please . If you want catchy rythms with great lyrics , try Hot Water Music .
 All I can say is that the vocals are so crappy and that the music sounds like a Queens of the Stone Age rip off . I tried to dig the album , but could n't . It just is n't worth buying at all . Avoid this one and save your money for something good .
 Having bought this album on the basis of amazon.com reviews , I have to disagree with all the four-star givers out there . I 'm a big fan of Rock , blues and country sounds among others inc. . QOTSA but this album is POOR . For a start the songs are boring and uninspired . Jesse Hughes is no Josh Homme in the guitar , vocal or song writing stakes . The same effects are used on most of the tracks and the guitar sounds plastic and flakey . Also , Josh Homme is no Dave Grohl when it comes to hitting a drum kit , the beats are pretty lame . The recording is rushed and unlike certain great albums -LRB- like Beck 's Mutations -RRB- which benefit from this approach , this album sounds like it came from somebody 's parents garage . Apologies for being a hater but there are limits to my tolerance for lack-lustre , low-fi , low-effort , non-rock .
 This sucks more a ^ s then a sewer . But what makes me made This has Death Metal in the name . Hey go ahead and make your punk rock trash but dont put Death Metal in the name . Death Metal is to good for this music and the dumb f ^ cks that buy it .
 I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF JOHN ARPIN SINCE 1991 . I HAVE MANY OF HIS CDS . THIS CD IS NOT THE KIND OF WORK THAT JOHN SHOULD BE PROUD OF . AT THE BEGINNING OF MOST SONGS HE TRIES TO IMPROVISE TOO MUCH BEFORE HE GETS TO THE MELODY . THIS KIND OF STYLE IS NOT VERY FRUITFUL . JOHN IS TOO GREAT A PERFORMER TO SHORT CHANGE HIS CD FANS . ONCE JOHN GETS BACK TO THE BASICS WITH HIS MUSIC HE WILL REACH A LARGER AUDIENCE .
 This cd will make you throw up , it ; s so sugary sweet . I have one word to describe this MUZAK . You 'd hear this music in K-mart in the background while shopping . Elevator `` old man 's '' music at it 's worst .
 Usually Live albums do n't bug me . Maybe because in production they take out a lot of the crowd noise . Not so here . It 's all crowd all the time ... a 13 year old crowd . Screaming . Constantly . The most annoying instance of this ? During `` Comfortable . '' This is a really beautiful song . Did the girls LISTEN to the song ? No . Just a whole lot of screaming that let John to Say `` Shhhh '' . Just irritating .
 Save your money & buy Room For Squares instead . I love John Mayer 's music . This CD is much of the same music on Room For Squares , without being `` all John '' . Typical concert - crowd sings some of the parts , etc. . Fun if you are there in person , but annoying when listening to it via CD . Quality of Room for Sqaures is SUPERIOR & rates 5 stars !! This CD is a disapppointment .
 I love John Mayer , but was diappointed with this CD . It is much of the same music as heard on Room for Sqaures , except it has the typical concert components -- times the crowd sings the passges , etc. -LRB- Great if there in person ; annoying when listening to a CD -RRB- If you are just trying John Mayer for the 1st time , buy Room for Squares instead -- it is a 5 star CD !!
 Okay , I 'm disappointed . Very disappointed . This sounds like it was recorded off the mains . As far as I can tell , there was no post-production , no mix , just a couple mic 's stuck hanging from the rafters -LRB- at least it 's in stereo -RRB- . The vocals are buried , there 's something banging along in the background which sounds like a drum set . Ca n't really hear a bass at all . Every once in a while John 's guitar gets punched a little to make it out of the muddle , but all in all , it 's a . . recording effort . Buy everything else by John Mayer , but unless you prefer the bootleg sound , not this one . My .02 .
 I have most of John 's albums and I think he is a great talent . However , Any Given Thursday really grates on my nerves . I want to listen to the music , but the constant screaming throughout the songs over-shadow everything else ... good songs , great playing ... too many teenies . I wonder how much of the screaming is real or just dubbed . Definetely go for his latest albums which show how much he has matured and developed .
 Only for John mayer attempting to play/sing it . A teensager with a sore throat .
 If you 're looking for insightful and intelligent lyrics please look elsewhere . I saw John three times in 2001 but since his crowds have gotten horrible , you can tell from this cd . As for anyone saying John is better then Dave Matthews , you are not bright . The best part about buying this is the dvd . I find it funny to watch all the faces John makes when he sings . He looks like he 's going to hurl . Some great great comedy . Unintentional comedy at it 's best .
 this is bad . real bad . i bet there are plenty of people who love this music , and if you love it , thats great , but in my opinion this guy gets way too much sex and if everyone stopped listening to him , hed get alot less sex . john mayer may be a good guitarist , but if he went to fricking BERKLEY im sure he can do better than this . and also all these solo acts these days that have a band backing one person with none of the other band members getting any credit , that just urks me . and this cd 's title just makes me want to barf.theres a movie called any given sunday.this album is called any given thursday.this is blasphemy to a very good band ! thursday is quite awesome . some good songs that u john mayer peeps might like are `` signals over the air '' , `` understanding in a car crash '' , and `` war all the time `` the future of music has distortion . maybe this is where john mayer goes `` eh ! eh ! eh ! ... . no '' if its rock , it probably should have an edge . i find little difference between johnny boy and james taylor . james taylor has made a past generation of people happy . come on now we can do better than this ! all u crackers out there who are all `` john mayer i want your body '' need to buy an electric guitar . maybe then the world will realize ... * shakes head *
 I bought this CD for the songs No Such Thing and Your Body is a Wonderland . Unfortunately this is a live album , and Mr. Mayer does n't sing the songs the same way he does on the radio . This makes singing along and enjoying the music very difficult . They were better as recorded . I was really disappointed .
 This CD is the worst thing you will ever hear . This should n't even deserve 1 star , it 's that bad . it 's a big waste of your money . His voice sounds constipated and it drove me insane . i would seriously rather listen to math lectures than this .
 I thought that John Mayer was a fairly decent guitar player , and bought his first album - against the recommendation of several reviews . I then heard him in a radio studio , playing and being interviewed . While the DJs poured on the compliments of his guitar playing , he showed no humility at all . For example - when they said that he was one of the BEST guitar players of all time , his response was `` thanks , but not yet '' . Anyway , he needs to struggle a little more before he will be able to convince me with some real feeling .
 I have not reviewed the La Femme Nikita TV Version , I had asked my husband to pick up the new La Femme Nikita Tape but he bought the movie version in error . I feel like the other people who reviewed the TV version that I would prefer to hear the more intense soundtracks that they play on the series . That 's what I was looking for , so I will probably wait to see if they come out with a second CD for the TV version before I spend any more money.However , I love the program and all the characters but especially Michael and of course Nikita !! DB Fraser
 The song selections on this dvd do not represent the tv series . I had hoped that the music by various artists would be the best of La Femme Nikita . Instead I found the songs were not up to the show 's episodes .
 La Femme Nikita is still my favorite program of all time , with nothing coming close . The music on the show worked to create an atmosphere that was eclectic . But without the visuals of the characters in play , the songs are not compelling -LRB- with the noted exception of `` Love Thieves '' -RRB- . If you love Nikita , but you 're over 40 , skip the CD .
 Mr. Snowboy has been around . He has done this and that . Snowboy has made himself a known figure/musician of the latin ACID JAZZ era , which is -LRB- un -RRB- fortunately dead . In this album , Snowboy has collaborated with many musicians - D-Zine , -LRB- most of the -RRB- James Taylor Quartet , Bob Batterbee and many more , musicians that come from many music styles , in order to make a colorful and imaginative album . The buttom line is that this album is not homogenous , and misses it 's purpose . The latin tracks -LRB- TRAPUCADA , JAZZAKUTI , THE NEW AVENGERS -RRB- , in which snowboy leads the gang are not new to the ear , but never the less - energentic . But when programming , scratches and rap blends in -LRB- I AM THE MAN , HAVANA -RRB- , it does n't sound natural . Pity . A nice album which does n't survive the changes in music since 1996 , so this is not the one to start with , but maybe the one for a very non-formal evening , when you do n't want to impress too much your guests .
 La Femme Nikita is still my favorite program of all time , with nothing coming close . The music on the show worked to create an atmosphere that was eclectic . But without the visuals of the characters in play , the songs are not compelling -LRB- with the noted exception of `` Love Thieves '' -RRB- . If you love Nikita , but you 're over 40 , skip the CD .
 I have not reviewed the La Femme Nikita TV Version , I had asked my husband to pick up the new La Femme Nikita Tape but he bought the movie version in error . I feel like the other people who reviewed the TV version that I would prefer to hear the more intense soundtracks that they play on the series . That 's what I was looking for , so I will probably wait to see if they come out with a second CD for the TV version before I spend any more money.However , I love the program and all the characters but especially Michael and of course Nikita !! DB Fraser
 The song selections on this dvd do not represent the tv series . I had hoped that the music by various artists would be the best of La Femme Nikita . Instead I found the songs were not up to the show 's episodes .
 Out of all the songs on the CD only the very first one was one I enjoyed . The rest were just junk as far as I 'm concerned . Of course , this is just my personal taste.I loved the movie , and for some reason I remembered more beautiful songs and music scores than what were on this CD . I would have been better off to have found that one song and just paid to download it ... bypassing the rest .
 Except for the powerful , seven minute `` Forgive Our Fathers '' opening suite , the music on this CD amounts to background music for quite a good movie . The musicians do an admirable job in that respect but it does n't transfer to music that stands alone . I bought the CD just on the basis of a very funny scene , with music and irreverent singing , in the movie . This too has less impact outside of the movie context . This is often the case with movie soundtracks . The person I saw the movie with was going to get the CD but I think we 'll both be glad that we stopped at one.I 'd take the money and invest in some good native american music or native american rock . This is my first native american CD , and since I first heard native american rock radio in Albuquerque in 1994 , I have been attracted to the genre . The movie experience and the first track of this CD now move me to get my second and third native american CD 's that are n't sound tracks .
 For anyone who saw the movie , you would have to say it was a great film . The soundtrack , however , is a different story . The music on the soundtrack does nothing to engage the listener . At 27 tracks , it seems after a while , it all starts to sound the same . The one exception is the chant `` John Wayne 's Teeth '' , which on the CD is just as humorous as it was in the film . Overall , however , I would recommend to skip the soundtrack , and see the movie .
 After seeing these guys perform on TV , this CD was a bit of a let-down . We enjoyed the antics and a Capella performance , but on CD it sounded just like any other hip-hop music ... maybe it was the lack of the visual ?
 Videos are censored . I would not have bought this had I known . If you 're going to release music videos they should be unedited and explicit version of the song !!
 While the written description of this product says it is the version on Spalax -LRB- considered the best-sounding version -RRB- , the image , when enlarged , quite clearly carries the Charly brand . Since the release date is 2002 -LRB- much later than the original Charly release date -RRB- , I suppose Charly may have licensed the better master from Spalax ; however , since I do n't know that for a fact , I ca n't see risking a purchase .
 I purchased this album expecting to hear some truly ground breaking and innovative psycedelic music . Instead what I got was a collection of rather sloppily composed , almost 1950 's sounding garage rock songs with absolutely horrendous production -LRB- which renders the album virtually unlistenable -RRB- , played by people who obviously do n't have much technical ability on their instruments . It 's almost more like what you would expect from a punk album that something reputed to be a psycedelic masterpiece . Truth be told , there is really nothing psycedelic about this music , other than the ampliphied jug and the lyrics -LRB- both of which loose their luster very quickly -RRB- . The chord progressions and song structures are very square indeed . For really good psyc . music , check out some of the awsome English bands of the genre , such as The Pink Floyd , The Soft Machine , The Zombies , and The Beatles . I do give this album credit for being one of the first to lay some psycedelic ideas on the table for others to see , but the shoddiness of this music does not merit more than 2 stars .
 I waited 20 years since hearing `` You 're Gon na Miss Me '' to finally say `` What A Dissapointment '' Mind you it 's still better than when Roky recorded it with The Spades , but it was ruined with Roky 's wailing , and the god-awful harmonica . Roky did n't need to wail like he did his vocals were enough to get my attention his words were enough to get my attention , and now his wailing that tormented me as a teenager/young adult now have come to haunt my middle age in the form of a Dell commercial . The next song `` Roller Coaster '' is somewhat decent , and also `` Do n't Look Down '' , `` You Do n't Know '' is probably the strongest song on here . The rest is either forgettable , or just terrible . I was disappointed with this as it was a interesting piece of music , but lack of strong songs , and unecessary wailing just made this a annoying album , and gives me a headache . You see with me psychedelic is where you make your guitar do all kinds of fuzzy/wah-wah , or make it sound like sitar . The harmonica has no place in psychedelia as far as I 'm concerned . There 's no need for it ; I would figure any rational thinking person would not be tripping out on the sound of a harmonica , so do n't do that .
 13th Floor may have been Austin 's reigning kings of psychedelic but it makes me glad to know that other notable Texans like Steve Miller , Janis Joplin , Sam Andrews and Tracy Nelson had fled the state for more inspired territory on the west coast . I ca n't compare the simplicity of this band 's lyrical style , melodies and over-reverbed guitars & vocals -LRB- typical of alot of pop music that hit the AM airwaves in ' 66 -RRB- to the articulated riffs of John Cippolina and Gary Duncan with Quicksilver Messenger Service . Even though there may have been a bunch of people droppin ' acid in Austin , I do n't see where it was inspiring them to make great music . Maybe they were better live . As for me , SF created two great waves of music and worthy of listener interest
 This is true mistake , this band is just boring Rolling Stones clone -LRB- think about Aftermath album -RRB- and nothing else . Nothing special psychedelic in the music too . Try to Syd Barrett 's Pink Floyd to hear what pychedelia is . Or `` Revolver '' by Beatles .
 I 'm afraid not . I hate to be a dissenter , but `` Psychedelic Sounds '' is quite simply run-of-the-mill 60s garage rock . Some of the tracks are noteworthy -LRB- You 're Gon na Miss Me -RRB- , others , however , are unlistenable . How much the sound quality -LRB- which is horrible -RRB- plays into this is hard to determine .
 Hace m&aacute;s de tres a & ntilde ; os que tengo este cd y no hay caso . Hay discos que necesitan escucharse unas 3 o 4 veces para poder digerirlos , pero despues de 15 sin que pase nada significa que algo raro sucede.Primero
 I love the 13th floor elevators but the descritpion specifies this is a 3 disc CD set when there actually only is one CD .
 Many other reviewers seem to believe this is a great psyche album . It is n't ; it 's mediocre at best . Hundreds of drugged-out bands played this brand of acid rock , and most of the ones we remember did it much better . Nothing about this album sticks out of the mold defined , if not started by the Dead and J Airplane . If you 're looking for something groovy -LRB- though not necessarily related -RRB- from this time period , I suggest Buffalo Springfield 's albums and/or Frank Zappa 's We 're Only In It For The Money .
 Thought it would have more songs I knew and liked . The songs I know are good , but many I do not . Would not recommend to people looking for songs by James Darren they know
 I would rate it for only two stars , because too many tracks are dubbedfrom LP.I would NOT buy it again !
 Out of all the songs on the CD only the very first one was one I enjoyed . The rest were just junk as far as I 'm concerned . Of course , this is just my personal taste.I loved the movie , and for some reason I remembered more beautiful songs and music scores than what were on this CD . I would have been better off to have found that one song and just paid to download it ... bypassing the rest .
 Except for the powerful , seven minute `` Forgive Our Fathers '' opening suite , the music on this CD amounts to background music for quite a good movie . The musicians do an admirable job in that respect but it does n't transfer to music that stands alone . I bought the CD just on the basis of a very funny scene , with music and irreverent singing , in the movie . This too has less impact outside of the movie context . This is often the case with movie soundtracks . The person I saw the movie with was going to get the CD but I think we 'll both be glad that we stopped at one.I 'd take the money and invest in some good native american music or native american rock . This is my first native american CD , and since I first heard native american rock radio in Albuquerque in 1994 , I have been attracted to the genre . The movie experience and the first track of this CD now move me to get my second and third native american CD 's that are n't sound tracks .
 For anyone who saw the movie , you would have to say it was a great film . The soundtrack , however , is a different story . The music on the soundtrack does nothing to engage the listener . At 27 tracks , it seems after a while , it all starts to sound the same . The one exception is the chant `` John Wayne 's Teeth '' , which on the CD is just as humorous as it was in the film . Overall , however , I would recommend to skip the soundtrack , and see the movie .
 I was reading over some of the reviews and I ca n't believe that anyone would rate this CD a 5 * . What were you guys on ? On a good day , I would rate this CD a 3 * . In my opinion , I do n't think they can compete with the artist 's nowadays . Especially with 'N Sync and BSB 's . C'mon now , lets be more realistic now . Are they better lookin ' than BSB 's or 'N Sync or even Boyz II Men , I think not ... They may be able to harmonize better then those groups but are they better looking ? You know how teenagers are these days ... If you want a nice CD to listen to I guess you can purchase this one but be sure to buy it used ...
 As an aspiring Asian-American musician myself , I greatlyanticipated Kai 's debut CD -- one of the few AA artists to have theirwork released on a major American record label . Hopefully , the progress they make within the confines of the mainstream music industry will help others like myself `` make it . `` That being said , I found Kai 's CD solid for it 's chosen genre -LRB- sugary R&B / Pop similar to 98 Degrees and , to a lesser extent , the Backstreet Boys -RRB- -- definitely easy on the ears . My main complaint is that it all seems a bit too reserved ; the members ' individual voices are not allowed to truly shine like they do in live settings . Plus , the production of many of the songs -LRB- in particular , the 2nd single `` Something Inside of Me '' -RRB- sounds dated and amateurish when compared to everything else currently on the airwaves . The dance trax tend to bore rather than boom ; the ballads are beautiful yet bland.However , these guys should n't be written off just yet
 A collection of mostly public-domain snippets from Como 's TV shows . Lots of kinescopes , so the quality leaves much to be desired.While the quality of the clips can be excused , there is no excuse for what you get inside the DVD case
 Poor quality image and sound in this black and white presentation . Not the songs that Perry was famous for
 I hope that next time they use Perry 's hits .
 Como was GREAT but this DVD looks like it was taken from the worst quality clips in the qworld . . almost like someone wants to soil Como 's great image intentionally . . if you are a fan wait for a truly authorized product to come out !
 Terrible . . this is not worth the money . It is grainy and ugly . What a waste !!
 We never received this order . Carrier clames to have attempted to deliver -- once - we were home all day that day -- never tried to redeliver . Got no satisfaction with this problem .
 How about a compilation of Perry Como Christmas shows -LRB- in color -RRB- from the 60s . I 'm thinking of something like the Andy Williams christmas show compilation DVD , -LRB- which was excellent by the way -RRB- . What do you think folks ?
 I was so disappointed . this is not the original version of these songs
 The recordings on these CD 's are not original recordings with few exceptions . They are performed by the named artist , but they are not original . I was very disappointed . I really wanted the songs as they were performed in the 50 's !
 This is a pretty good album . Every Jazz listener , either for serious study , or listening for leisure , should have them in thier repetoire . My only problem is when I recieved the item , it had paint of some kind on it . This caused it not to be scratched , but partially melted the disc . Half the tracks ca n't play properly beause of this . I 'm going to return it and see if Amazon can help me out , or at least give me a partial refund.Other than that little ditty , this really is a hot jazz group . Not only good vocalists , but pushing the envelope on what vocalists can do . They put lyrics to instrumental solos and that really takes it to another level -LRB- aka vocalese -RRB- . This involves amazing ears to here various complex rythms and pitches in melodic lines played by instrumentalists . They are up there with Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughn , except times 3 . If you 're lookin ' for something different to listen to amidst all the rock and pop sounds of today , please take a listen to these guys and you 're sure to dig it .
 Maybe I was looking forward to this too much , but the arrangements are sub-par , lionel 's voice sounds rough and he sings the songs different than the originals , really mixing the lyrics and pronunciation up a lot . It sounds more like he 's talking rather than singing . I was very disappointed-not worth it as a live cd .
 a fan of good rap music and i hate to give bad reviews on artists because this is thier bread and butter but i have to tell the truth to not mislead the consumers.there was alot of hype sorrounding this cd and i myself got caught up in the hype and couldnt wait to open this disc.i only listened to 2 leaked tracks instead of the whole thing to help build the anticipation . i have listened to this cd for hours now and although its not the worst ive listened to its definately not the best . every song mentions 64 impala , west coast , dre . it lacks any kind of creativity whatsoever . i went as far as giving it 2 stars because if i gave it 1 star everyone thats reads this would think i am hating . . not even . . i even like the dude , , i think he is quite entertaining more in a comedic sense and i would have no problem supporting him but i really regret buying this cd . im sure one of my coworkers wont mind accepting it from me as a gift .
 I know I am in the minority here , but after the fantastic and breath-taking `` The Documentary '' , `` Doctor 's Advocate '' came as an immense disappointment . The easy going , relaxed , but insightful lyricism that I experienced in his debut album was completely lost , filled with needless vulgarity and dry , processed gangsta hits . I got ta give props to `` It 's Okay -LRB- One Blood -RRB- '' , but that 's about it .
 The title of this cd says it all . It is a big lie . The Game has lied about his whole rap career and even worse , he has lied about his life . And now , he is lying to his so called fans , saying that he is the Doctor 's Advocate , knowing good and well , he got kicked off of the Aftermath label a long time ago . And then he lied to his fans about still being on Interscope , the only reason he finally came out and said he was on Geffon , was because by that time , it had already been confirmed so he would have just made himself look even more stupid to keep on lying . The Game as a repper and person is a lier , and the whole Doctor 's Advocate is a lie . Dont by this piece of garbage .
 The Doctor 's Advocate ? How can he be the Doctor 's Advocate when the doctor is n't even on his album . Game was a one hit wonder for 2005 just like Mike Jones was . He 's nothing now , the biggest mistake he made was turning on G-Unit and look where he is now . He went gold in his first week on his first album but that was only because he had the support of Dre and 50 . Now without them , he 's simply another trend that is long forgotten and replaced by the next new rapper . This album is just plain terrible . The beats are ok but Game 's annoying name dropping and bad lyrics ruin it . You want a true west coast album ? Buy Snoop 's new album and leave this junk on the shelf because it 's one of the year 's worst albums .
 Right off the bat how do you name your album after someone who is not apart of it . But then again he could n't name it anything else cause Dr. Dre is all he talks about and he pretty much just uses Dre 's flow . I had to go back and listen the The Documentry to remember what what Game really sounds like . This man 's rhyme book pretty much consist of Dr. Dre , West Coast , G Unit and 64 Impalas . He does so much name droppin it sounds like his reading out of a phonebook . this album is mediocre , it comes no where near the The Documentry . Big dissappoinment , not worth half the hype .
 Why does Game have to use almost the same exact cd cover as his other trash ablum ? Ca n't a rich guy like him even come up with a new ablum ? Game is soft and his raps are not reality like all G-unit lyrics are . If Game did n't have G-unit beef , he would not be making 70 % of his songs ! This ablum is garbage . I would not reccomend it .
 This cd is good for beats . I recommend you take the bits and pieces of the cd where teh Game is n't rapping over it , and splice them up and make instrumentals out of each track . Almost every beat is hot . But his lyrics are just garbage . I ca n't listen to him talk about dr dre anymore . How many times is he going to mention `` the chronic ? '' ... He calls himself the `` west coast rakim '' . wow . he 's so fake on the song where he talks about all the `` gangsta '' stuff that he used to do and get in trouble.Pretty pathetic stuff , and this coming from someone who really likes the documentary , I still listen to that.There are a few songs on this cd that I actually like , like the one with nate dogg or the one with kurupt and daz . Now those are west coast tracks . News Flash to game - you 're NOT in NWA , never were . It 's nice that you like them enough to get a huge tattoo like their slogan is yours or like you 're a walking album cover for them , but they do n't need you to promote them and by the way , you have nobody from the original nwa on your cd.He talks about how he was in a gang when he was 15 years old and his sisters making fun of him calling him rambo ... but umm Game you were never in a gang and if your sisters were making fun of you , it was n't when you were 15 , it was probably like 15 minutes before you wrote these fake verses.He does way too much bragging about the things he 's done and the stuff he 's accomplished when he really has n't done much or accomplished much either . His whole cd is riddled with guest appearances and each track is done by a different producer . And his first cd was overseen by eminem dre and 50 who all had large parts in making his cd 's and writing the best verses.And before then , he was on all of these mix tapes but that was completely financed by 50 cent and whoo kidd , and due to dre 's influences.My advice for Game is to step his Game up . Do something on his own , without 50 guest appearances on your cd . Do it with a DJ taht you did n't pay millions for , and write something that you can brag about later , instead of bragging about all this stuff that you never did .
 if Game had have came out with something different than he would have been better suited . basically he followed a blue-print . this Album & Album cover are basically part 2 of his Debut . His tiresome name-dropping gets old real fast . word to Game , lose that element in your rapping or your next album will suffer from that . beats & Productions are cool on here , but the Lyrical flow & overall direction of this Album do n't really move me . `` it 's Okay is a cool track . but if Game wants to be the New Era Version of the West Coast then he has to get tighter with his Game . Too Short , Ice Cube , DJ Quik , Dr.Dre , Snoop , etc. . . West Coast Legends , Game ai n't nowhere near that point . Game can mimick & Name Drop Dr.Dre all he wants but he has to learn to craft a Song & knock it out under his Own Vision . that is what Seperates Contenders from Pretenders .
 Game comes across as the irritating little brother that brags about his older brother 's accomplishments and attempts to get a rep and live off his name , instead of making his own mark on his own . This guy even jacks Dre 's voice and flow on more than one joint . Not good.Other negatives are : The album cover looks like he 's taking a dump.Game 's constant biting of lyrics from Jay , Cube , Pac , Snoop , etc. . Too many to count . The name dropping thing is retarded.Just Blaze 's second steal from Nation of Millions , Remedy . Kind of reminds me of the Westside joint from the first album.Kanye 's
 This CD compared to his last is a JOKE ! take that `` cali '' music back , if that is what that was ! '' Yeah , I copped your CD , and now I break trees up on it ! '' hahaha if your a hip hop fan , I dont even need to say it !
 The production is too good for him to be on . The people giving this 5 stars must be people he know . I wish i could have just found the music only . This is not a west coast classic .
 Everyone was extremely hyped about Doctor 's Advocate . I mean after getting all of Game 's mixtapes and promos and what not , we were really expected alot . What we got was a poorly produced , imature album that sounded like it came out of someone 's garage . I mean there are 2 decent songs on the album , and they become old after the first day . It was just so dissapointing . Another issue here is the lyrical departure from the Documentary . Game 's rhymes are border-line wack when compared to the verbal wizardry that you hear on The Documentary . The one thing this album showed is that 50 & Dre had everything to do with the success of Game 's first album , and without them Game will never get close to the success he attained when he was a member of G-Unit .
 I was really pulling for Game on this but he feel way short of the Documentary . If it were n't for some great producers and cool collaborations , this album would be a complete flop.Game 's lyrical content is so wack now . All he talks about on the entire album is Dr. Dre , his impala , how he 's the king of the west coast -LRB- often comparing himself to the greats -RRB- and just drops names . He has absolutely nothing worth while to say . Pac and Cube did n't have to pound their chests letting us know they were the best on every song ; we already knew it . It went without saying.As much as I dislike 50 , the man can write a hook and that 's what he 's missing here . There are songs on the first LP that are so much better than anything on here -LRB- Hate it or love it , Dreams , etc. -RRB- There really is n't a standout single that people will remember for years to come . The album is far from classic.I give him credit for singlehandily destroying G-Unit but if I were a rapper , there are so many holes in this release by the Game that I 'd eat him alive with ease.Step your Game up next time out !
 Wow , this was a huge let down for me . Looks like he needs to go back to the original formula . I do n't even feel this was luke warm at best . Sorry for his fans but I was one once but not after this .
 The title of this cd says it all . It is a bog lie . The Game has lied about his whole rap career and even worse , he has lied about his life . And now , he is lying to his so called fans , saying that he is the Doctor 's Advocate , knowing good and well , he got kicked off of the Aftermath label a long time ago . And then he lied to his fans about still being on Interscope , the only reason he said he was on Geffon , was because by that time , it had already been confirmed so he would have just made himself look even more stupid to keep on lying . The Game as a repper and person is a lier , and the whole Doctor 's Advocate is a lie . Dont by this piece of garbage .
 fake thug no love you get the slug reminds me of cb-4 's gusto !!!!
 a fan of good rap music and i hate to give bad reviews on artists because this is thier bread and butter but i have to tell the truth to not mislead the consumers.there was alot of hype sorrounding this cd and i myself got caught up in the hype and couldnt wait to open this disc.i only listened to 2 leaked tracks instead of the whole thing to help build the anticipation . i have listened to this cd for hours now and although its not the worst ive listened to its definately not the best . every song mentions 64 impala , west coast , dre . it lacks any kind of creativity whatsoever . i went as far as giving it 2 stars because if i gave it 1 star everyone thats reads this would think i am hating . . not even . . i even like the dude , , i think he is quite entertaining more in a comedic sense and i would have no problem supporting him but i really regret buying this cd . im sure one of my coworkers wont mind accepting it from me as a gift .
 The Game is a good rapper I will give him that the documentary was one of the illest albums of 2004 . But on this album he does n't seem to deliver the way he did on the documentary , With the exception of a few songs . . Scream on Em , Ol English , Doctor 's Advocate , I really do n't like this album , Game tries too hard to sound like Dre on certain songs on this album , and other songs you just do n't know where he is going with his lyrics . . Sub par effort from the game lyrically , production was good though
 The good
 seriously , how u can u do 18 song that sound the same . if hes not bragging bout impalas and getting high , hes talking about Dr. Dre and Eazy-E . there is this one song were I swore he was gon na cry . Only thing that saves this album are the incredible beats . From Just Blaze , Swizz Beatz , Scott Storch and others . all songs sound like a a freestyle , plus he did n't even do most of the hooks , cuz when he did he sounded so horrible Exp . Would n't Get Far and Lets Ride .
 game is whack , you should go back to the gay unit . you suck , they suck , the whole rap industry sucks.in the 90 's it was quality , but when you sell over 5 million units and you have no skills you know there 's something wrong.like gay-z , gay unit , eminem , game there 's just too many to name.pac would ride on all you fools.makaveli the don r.i.p.
 Lets get one thing out of the way . This album sounds great due to the lineup of excellent producers Game was able to get aid from . He also had many great features on this album , but did Game really give us something new ? This time around there was more of the same name-dropping and bragging that worked on the last album , and this does not help Game 's album gain any originality . Other than `` It 's Ok -LRB- One Blood -RRB- , '' `` Compton , '' `` One Night , '' and `` Doctor 's Advocate , '' the Game does n't really provide a window to his deepest thoughts rather than a window into what every other west coast rapper has said before . At one point , the album becomes monotonous because it lacks continuity and cohesion , and instead provides rambled ideas . `` The Documentary '' was Game 's gem , and despite the fact that he has room to improve , you simply ca n't call this one a classic . Game the potential to become a `` rap legend '' as he proclaimed in 04 's `` Dreams , '' but he has to find his own style instead of copying past West Coast icons .
 NUFF SAID ... This dude is trash without Ferrari and Dre . Phat beats , Retarded snotty nose flow , swagger jacker = another garbage artist who will sell 3 + million units because Hip-Hop is Dead . NAS PLEASE SAVE US !
 Wow , does this guy suck without Dre ! Actually , he just trys to rap like Dre -LRB- who is a sick producer but so-so rapper -RRB- and lacks much if any individuality in his flow . He keeps sweatin ' Dre and Aftermath so much he sounds like a groupie . He has beats from Just Blaze , Will.I.Am , Kanye West , Scott Storch who all manage to create lame sounding Death Row style throwaway beats . Game definitely dug through the discount bins of the hot producers to get their names on his album . The song with Kanye bites an old Pac classic , which is decent and keeps this from only getting one star .
 Without Dre 's quarterbacking behind the scenes , Game 's album lacks direction . Many of the early tracks end up being glorified freestyles that tell no story , have no direction and are missing concepts ending up sounding like the same rhymes over different beats . And although Dre 's presence is missing , his name is not . Game makes mention of Dre on nearly ever track , almost obsessively . Game does manage to put together a fairly decent album with production help from Storch , Will I Am , Kanye West and Just Blaze and caps the album with a soulful climax featuring Nas reminiscing on hip-hop 's fallen soldiers and current heavyweights and a much-needed squashing of the beef between him-self and 50 . The Doctor 's Advocate is not worth half the hype that was made for it but is an okay listen . Game still has potential but without Dre mentoring him it 's a wrap . Hopefully Dre will hear this album and accept hip-hop 's prodigal son back .
 Whether or not Game really did the thuggish things about which he crows on this CD , I revile his glorification of the low life.Kids do n't need more negative stereotypes ; or to hear African Americans debasing themselves and their women and devaluing human life.And as for the explicit language , while I have zero sympathy for Don Imus , examples like those set in this CD unfortunately gave him , other `` shock jock '' D.J.s , and the public , the mistaken notion that derogatory terms are nowadays okay.I find nothing artistic , or remotely positive in these cuts -- or others like them . Yuck does n't even come close to describing how awful this is .
 What a shame ! This CD has wonderful songs , but the songs are ruined by terrible singing !!! I wish I could tell you who the artists are that sing the songs , but they were smart in not listing their names - it would just be too embarrassing for them !
 I learned the hard way , you get what you pay for . This CD has songs performed by what sounds like professional Karaoke singers . The CD only lists the song names and does n't mention the artists , which is another indicator that the songs are not sang by the actual artists . This CD is definitely not the choice for any DJ . Overall , I am very dissappointed and I am now stuck with this CD since I opened it .
 Careful here . This is an obscure music DVD , not what the picture shows . Mine will end up at Goodwill , unopened .
 This guy is a crook the picture is for the 60 's movie and the description is of what he sends you some collection of music videos .
 While listening to this disc , I thought I was having flashbacks to the 80 's . Back in the days listening to the scorpions , def leppard , great white , etc. . . This is way old stuff . Boring lyrics -LRB- stupid really -RRB- . Just look at the lyrics to track # 2 , what was josey thinking ? Very poor songwriting as well . It 's just very poor songs with weak lyrics . The really good thing this album has going for it is that it is produced well . Let 's look back here . Every Six Seconds was fresh , new , cutting edge , crafty rap/metal songs . Back into your system had just a bit of the rap thing , but mainly commercialized metal candy.Going away from cutting edge and into mainstream . Ok , so it looks like this album they were trying to stay mainstream and go for the cutting edge again , and it failed . As I listen to the album for the tenth time , it 's starting to grow a bit , but I think i 'm just getting used to these bad songs . I 'd better stop listening or I 'll be forever sucked in to this crapola . Well , track 12 is cool . That 's cutting edge , rocking with the rap thing going . That 's the direction saliva should go with the next album , if there is a next album . Here 's hoping they put this one to bed , and come out with a well thought out , solid album . Come on josey ! Start writing some intelligent lyrics that are thought out and not thrown together in two seconds . Hopefully saliva wo n't go click , click BOOM .
 Do n't get me wrong . . i 'm not bashing Saliva as a band . . I used to love them . . Every Six Seconds = Great album . Back into Your System = started to turn commericial ... but still good . this album = trash . I 'm not sure what exactly they were trying to accomplish with this album -LRB- retro 80s rock i guess ? -RRB- but they failed . The music seems very un-natural for josey scott and to be honest i do n't think he 's enjoying himself on this CD . I hope they found what they were looking for because i sure did n't . goodbye saliva .
 You can tell touring with Aerosmith and Kiss had a big impact on these guys . With this album they tried to do the whole `` rock and roll '' sound . The only problem with that is that Saliva doesnt have nearly enough talent to do this type of music . All of these songs are ruined by Josey Scotts whiney , nasal and terrible vocals , and the guitar solos are a joke . The thing is that some of the songs here are decent . Rock and Roll Revolution would be a good song , with a new vocalist and new guitarist . These guys really just need to stick to nu-metal , thats the only genre they have enough talent for -LRB- which doesnt require any -RRB- . And yes ... Saliva did steal the riff from `` The Fight Song '' by Marilyn Manson . Listen to them both and compare . Not recommended .
 The worst saliva cd yet to date . Theres best hands down is back into your system . This one just sucks . Plain and simple . I cant even get into one song at all ...
 This album is worse than their previous release . Do n't buy it ... save your money !
 Do not waste your hard-earned wages on this whirling hurricane of massively pretentious lyrics , the most generic riffs ever fumbled together , and no small amount of human effluent . Look , just go and buy Social Distortion 's last two albums , then sit back and laugh at the fact that you were thinking of buying this piece of unadulterated rubbish .
 Sheer disappointment . ` Every Six Seconds ' and ` Back into Your System ' had such great cuts with great harmonies and you could just totally rock and roll with each song . This , friends , is garbage . I do n't know what these guys were thinking when they decided to release this mess . The only standout songs are the title cut and `` Rock and Roll Revolution '' . Pity .
 Ok , normally I do not do these type of reviews , because I do n't like when people bash bands that I like simply because they do n't like the music . I have no hatred for Saliva , I just think that the whole world should know that Osmun315 , who posted a few months ago , is right . I just got back from a Marilyn Manson concert and on the ride back heard the Survival of the Sickest song on the radio . My friend and I immediately thought we were listening to Manson 's Fight Song , but it turned out to be something different entirely . I think it is quite pathetic that these guys ca n't come up with something original , but at least they stole a riff from someone great like Manson .
 I 'm not really into Rock music but I got Saliva 's `` Back Into Your System '' and loved it ! I wanted some new material so I got `` Survival of The Slickest '' ... But it 's a little too much for me . That 's not to say it 's a bad CD , but I only like one song ... It 's just too rock , I guess . If you 're into that music you 'll need to get it and make the call on whether it 's good . Tastes differ ...
 music is sloppy ... not tight at all . latin songs are generic and without any feeling . lyrics are silly and band sounds like your mediocre wannabe newgrass . do yourself a favor and pick up something worthwhile like yonder mountain and leave these kids on the shelf
 Incredible music by incredible band is horribly disappointing when the sound quality is barbaric . I 've heard bootlegs that sound infinitely better . Can you say `` rip-off '' !!
 I regret buying this CD . The performances are just not good . It 's obvious Buddy was way past his prime when this was recorded . The sound quality on this CD is also sub-par which is no surprise with this penny-saver label . The cover of this CD is laughable . It is tacky and Buddy Rich looks like a pervert . Avoid this like the plague .
 In searching for such a rare breed , producers and managers have to hunt far and wide.Mr Treleaven has the good prognostics of being one such - the voice is beautiful in the upper register in a gleam that sounds golden.But alas , I deeply regret to say
 ... I bought this record with so much anticipation . `` Entertaining Angels '' was such a good song . It painted the Newsboy as kind of the ` Oasis of CCM ' Well , Oasis they are not . In fact they are n't even Blur , although they would like to be with a song called ` Woohoo ' as the opening track . If others love this record , I am so glad . I on the other hand was severly let down . In fact , with the exception of ` Entertaining Angels ' and ` Truth Be Known ... ' I find this record to be an absolute bore . I wish the band the best as well as a better follow-up .
 I hardly ever listne to this album . Take me To Your Leader is way better . The only songs I like on this one are Woohoo , or however you spell it , and Entertaining Angels . Way to popish for my taste .
 Welll ... It had its moments . Overall I do n't consider it worth the money . It was a whole lot more pop than rock , and a whole lot more pop than their earlier albums , which were all really good albums . OK , `` WooHoo , '' `` Hallelujah , '' and `` Always '' were actually pretty good , but otherwise I did n't find anything I liked . `` The Tide '' I did n't totally get . Plus , most of the guitar licks sound used and unoriginal . Their earlier stuff was a lot better , but this one -LRB- I hope -RRB- was probably a transitional album after John James left . Hopefully on their next album they 'll find their footing again . Pass up this one and buy `` Take Me To Your Leader '' instead .
 I was rather disappointed with the group here . I do n't know if it was the fact they produced this album themselves , or if they tried to sound too techno here , but this just did n't have the appeal as `` Take Me To Your Leader '' did . I honestly thought the Newsboys had found thier niche when Steve Taylor began producing the band , but here they really did n't do good . `` WooHoo '' what 's this all about ? Is it a reaction to what was happening in churches all around the world with the revival movements ? Then there 's the second song that was forgettable . I did n't play `` Entertaining Angels '' because I did n't have to it 's rather good . However , the majority of this is alot of techno junk that just did n't make the grade . I know with `` WooHoo '' the intro is absolutely terrible . I found no joy , no peace , or anything that would make me shout `` This is of God '' . I know some people will think that God will strike me with a bolt of lightning for saying this , but guess what ? I ca n't fake this it 's terrible , and I can only stick with `` Take Me To Your Leader '' . After this , and all the other Newsboys albums I just ca n't seem to enjoy them anymore . I guess another thing with this is that this was the last album released on Star Song record label . Another death besides this album .
 Well , I am a fan of most Christian music , and , even if an artist is not the most innovative , I can appreciate their lyrics and possible ministry . But , I 'm sickened by the Newsboys ' lack of artistic integrity ! I mean , come on , they change styles EVERY album , and each time it 's a little trendier , and a little more sugarcoated production ... AND , back in the early 90 's , THEY were winning all these CCM awards for `` best alternative group ! '' Maybe they were catchy or something , but `` going public '' is as far off from `` alternative '' as you can get !! BUT , if this music really does move you , and you feel you can glean some spiritual insight even thru a total abandon of artistic standards , you have my permission to buy it !
 ganksta nip is probalbly the worst rapper in the history ofrap music all of his albums are wackk and this album is no exception avoid his albums interview wit a killa give new meaning to the word perverted weird and derange you have to be crazy or drunk or high on drugs to buy any of his albums in my opinion this album doesnt even deserve one star
 MAN LUDA LUDA LUDA ! I KNOW U SAID DISTURBIN THE PEACE BUT U OVER DID IT WIT SHAWNNA MAN ! I GOT DOGS BARKIN AND CATS HISSIN WHEN THEY HEAR THIS ALBUM . I DONT KNOW WHEATHER TO CALL ANIMAL CONTROL OR SUE U DAWG ! BUT CHECK THIS OUT DONT BUY THIS ALBUM . SHAWNNA IS NOT A RAPPER ! IF U THINK SHAWNNA A GOOD RAPPER THEN U MUST THINK G UNIT IS A CONFIDENTIAL SECTION AT AREA 51 . BUT PLZ GO GET LIL WAYNE -LRB- THE CARTER -RRB- HIS NEW ALBUM IS WORTH THE WAIT ! HE IS A LYRICAL BEAST . HE WOULD END EVERYONE IN DTP 's CAREER ! HE THAT RAW MAN SO TAKE IT HOW U WANT IT BUT LISTEN TO UR BOY ! I KNOW WAS GOOD THANK YOU ! YALL HAVE A GOOD DAY !
 I DONT EVEN WANT TO TAKE MY TIME OUT TO WRITE A FULL HELPFUL REVIEW ON SHAWNNA 'S `` WORTH THE WAIT '' . MAN I WENT OUT AND BOUGHT THIS ALBUM ON THE FIRST DAY , , I POPPED IT IN AND IMMEDIATLY I HATED IT ... ALL IM GON NA SAY IS THERE ARE TWO GOOD SONGS ON HERE AND THATS IT `` WHAT CAN I DO '' `` RPM `` I LOVE `` WHAT CAN I DO '' FEAT . MISSY AND JOHN LEGEND I THINK ... . IS A FUNNY , GREAT SONG ABOUT GETTING DRUNK , , , SHOULD HAVE BEEN A SINGLE ... THIS IS A VERY NICE SONG AND I PLAY IT ALL THE TIME ... SHOOT IF I WOULD HAVE KNOWN THIS , , I WOULD HAVE COPPED THE BOOTLEG , , I MEAN I LIKE TO SUPPORT OUR BLACK ARTISTS BY PURCHASING THE REAL COPY , , , BUT SHE TOOK THAT FROM ME AND IM PISSED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUT THIS ALBUM WAS NOT THE WAIT AND IT SUCKS AND I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED , , BECAUSE I USED TO BE A FAN , , NOW IM JUST AN ANNOYED CONSUMER WHO WANTS HER $ 14.99 BACK ...
 Every time a male rapper makes it big with his debut , usually the follow-up to his debut is a record by a group of his friends from the streets that he is going to put on . The group always has the same formula ; superstar rapper , his right hand man , the token female rapper & the one that never really gets any recognition , though that does n't mean he does n't have talent . Like Lil Kim -LRB- Junior Mafia -RRB- , Foxy Brown -LRB- The Firm -RRB- , Charli Baltimore -LRB- The Commision -RRB- , Eve -LRB- Ruff Ryders -RRB- & Remy Martin -LRB- Terror Squad -RRB- before her , Shawnna comes as Ludacris ' protegee from the Disturbing the Peace Clique . What takes the weight off the shoulders of a female rapper going solo for the first time is the fact that she was pre-exposed on her group 's record . Let 's face it , female rappers that come out on their own without this pre exposure never make it.Shawnna 's debut album , Worth tha Weight , is a decent attempt at the hip hop industry . The first single `` Shake that Sh*t '' with Ludacris was one of my favorite rap tracks from this year . And Shawnna , who may be to cocky for her own good , actually does have the skills to go solo . `` Let 's Go '' , `` U Crazy '' & `` Weight a Minute '' show that she does have a nice flow & rhymes ; however she is very repetitve . She repeats topics & lyrics throughout the record more than most hip hop artists ; and maybe because at 18 tracks she was trying to prove to much . Had the record been shortened the outcome might have been different.Also it 's too early for Shawnna to be trying to take spots . She calls Foxy Brown out on `` Let 's Go '' , claiming that even when Fox & her where on the same lable she was the only real chick , and that Def Jam knew it . This is a stupid move on Shawnna 's part , because even though Brown is merely 24 years old , she is a seasoned veteran and she is extremely skilled on the mic and to say that she would eat Shawnna alive is an understatement . Other mistakes Shawnna makes on the record is flooding it with interludes ; 5 total , and rereleasing previously recorded songs ; such as `` Dude '' -LRB- Remix -RRB- with Beenie Man , `` Posted '' -LRB- Remix -RRB- with N.O.R.E. , `` Block Reincarnated -LRB- Remix -RRB- '' with Kardinal Offishall & `` R.P.M. '' with Ludacris & Twista , which while are hot tracks they have no business being on her album.She also slips up on the `` ballad-rap '' tracks . Not many females can pull this off so she is n't alone but `` So Real So Right '' maybe one of the worst attempts at it . Overall the record really is n't too too bad and she does show promise , but I do n't think that this album was her best material that she could have come with . By no means is this a bad album ; but I was expecting better and I know that coming from Shawnna I can get it . The two star rating maybe a little harsh ; buy at your own risk .
 What did Shawnna do to get a poorly put together , rushed album out into the stores ? Shawnna is pretty nice on the mic , even though the pool of female rappers is n't that deep right now , but she did n't deserve this . Her first single off ` Worth Tha Weight ' was on point in `` Shake Dat Sh ** '' w / Ludacris , but the rest is pretty much scattered low filler material . `` R.P.M '' w / Twista & Ludacris was already on the ` Golden Grain ' album , but it 's a great song for the people who did n't here it . My favorites on this album are `` My Chicago pt 1 '' & `` My Chicago pt 2 '' , produced by B-Crucial , but here 's the thing-they 're both less than a minute long and are both the same beat , which wo n't cut it . DTP/Def Jam should have taken A LOT more time in gettin ' this album made , cause I 'm sure everyone who bought this got BURNED bad .
 I am very disappointed on this album . There are too many previously released tracks on this LP . There are four tracks that is previously released on this album . `` Posted -LSB- Remix -RSB- '' is the track that is previously released on the DTP compilation LP Golden Grain which is remixed which includes NORE on the remix ; `` RPM -LRB- feat . Twista -RRB- '' which is an another track previously released on the DTP compilation album ; `` Block Reincarnation -LSB- Remix -RSB- -LRB- feat . Kardinal Offishall -RRB- '' which is previously released from the 2 Fast 2 Furious Soundtrack . Last but not least , `` The Dude -LSB- The Remix -RSB- -LRB- feat . Beenie Man & Ms. Thing -RRB- '' the bonus track , is previously released from the Def Jam release Def Jamacia . She should replace new tracks on this album to replace the previously released tracks she placed on this album . I think the CD will sell better if she put new tracks to replace the previously released tracks.And another thing that disappoint me on this CD is that the production on this LP is very weak and it does n't fit on her lyrical skill . She needs some production that will fit her hardcore rapping skills . She has that lyrical content , but the production needs improvement.I also feel that the promotion of this LP was too weak and I think this LP will lack on some sales . I recommend I-20 's new CD , Self Explanatory , which released today , instead of this sorry CD . I heard that I-20 's CD is the bomb right out of the DTP click . Go out and get it!Sorry Shawnna , better luck next time!Stand out tracks : `` Let 's Go '' `` Shake That S ** t -LRB- feat . Ludacris -RRB- '' `` Super Freak `` That is the only tracks that are my favorite out of this CD .
 I 've been a huge Shawnna fan since I heard her on all of DTP 's songs . She 's kills it on songs like R.P.M. and N.S.E.W. -LRB- and some others -RRB- where she just goes nuts . She didnt have very good beats to work with and I expected more fast songs besides Block Reincarnated and R.P.M. , and Posted which had all alredy been released.I feel guilty doing this but dont buy this CD . Just `` acquire '' these songs : - Weight A Minute - The Violin makes for a HOTTTTTT Beat . All my friends who didnt even know who Shawnna was like this song . -RRB- - Let 's Go - Pretty fast song-R.P.M. - Not a new song but its one of my favorites ever.Other hot songs with Shawnna : - Posted -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - Break Somethin -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - N.S.E.W -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - Pimp Council -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - Slum -LRB- 2 Fast 2 Furious Soundtrack -RRB- - Get The **** Back -LRB- Word of Mouf -RRB-
 Based on my star rating ... all I have to say is their really is `` Something About Remy '' cuz she 's who i 'm waiting for now.A month ago I was like man Shawnna is the hardest female out , she 'll eat Remy alive , blahzay , blahzay . MAAAAAAN when I heard this peice of crap album I was like what the H.E.L.L. was this girl thinking making this bullcrap album ! Her album was not Worth The Weight , so people , save your `` weight '' and spend it on somebody elses album . And if you already spent your `` weight '' on it like I did , u can go to a moms and pops store and sell it back like I did . u wo n't get all your `` weight '' back but at least you 'll get SOMETHING out of the album .
 this is almost the worst cd ever.this cd was a waist of plastic , they shold take all of these cds and recycle them.if could i would give this cd a neg 3 . DTP needs a new 1st lady.this cd wasnt worth the wait at all , some1 lied to shawnna , it was only 3 good songs , shake that s *** , u crazy and the song wit twista . this cd should of went on sale last week
 I was highly disappointed from this lack of effort CD . I 've been waiting for Shawnaa to drop , since I heard her on Disturbing the Peace CD . Ludacris should have made sure that she had tighter beats to flow to . On everybody 's tracks , Shawnaa is always ripping it , but this was a total let down .
 Well , I am a fan of most Christian music , and , even if an artist is not the most innovative , I can appreciate their lyrics and possible ministry . But , I 'm sickened by the Newsboys ' lack of artistic integrity ! I mean , come on , they change styles EVERY album , and each time it 's a little trendier , and a little more sugarcoated production ... AND , back in the early 90 's , THEY were winning all these CCM awards for `` best alternative group ! '' Maybe they were catchy or something , but `` going public '' is as far off from `` alternative '' as you can get !! BUT , if this music really does move you , and you feel you can glean some spiritual insight even thru a total abandon of artistic standards , you have my permission to buy it !
 I hardly ever listne to this album . Take me To Your Leader is way better . The only songs I like on this one are Woohoo , or however you spell it , and Entertaining Angels . Way to popish for my taste .
 Welll ... It had its moments . Overall I do n't consider it worth the money . It was a whole lot more pop than rock , and a whole lot more pop than their earlier albums , which were all really good albums . OK , `` WooHoo , '' `` Hallelujah , '' and `` Always '' were actually pretty good , but otherwise I did n't find anything I liked . `` The Tide '' I did n't totally get . Plus , most of the guitar licks sound used and unoriginal . Their earlier stuff was a lot better , but this one -LRB- I hope -RRB- was probably a transitional album after John James left . Hopefully on their next album they 'll find their footing again . Pass up this one and buy `` Take Me To Your Leader '' instead .
 I was rather disappointed with the group here . I do n't know if it was the fact they produced this album themselves , or if they tried to sound too techno here , but this just did n't have the appeal as `` Take Me To Your Leader '' did . I honestly thought the Newsboys had found thier niche when Steve Taylor began producing the band , but here they really did n't do good . `` WooHoo '' what 's this all about ? Is it a reaction to what was happening in churches all around the world with the revival movements ? Then there 's the second song that was forgettable . I did n't play `` Entertaining Angels '' because I did n't have to it 's rather good . However , the majority of this is alot of techno junk that just did n't make the grade . I know with `` WooHoo '' the intro is absolutely terrible . I found no joy , no peace , or anything that would make me shout `` This is of God '' . I know some people will think that God will strike me with a bolt of lightning for saying this , but guess what ? I ca n't fake this it 's terrible , and I can only stick with `` Take Me To Your Leader '' . After this , and all the other Newsboys albums I just ca n't seem to enjoy them anymore . I guess another thing with this is that this was the last album released on Star Song record label . Another death besides this album .
 ... I bought this record with so much anticipation . `` Entertaining Angels '' was such a good song . It painted the Newsboy as kind of the ` Oasis of CCM ' Well , Oasis they are not . In fact they are n't even Blur , although they would like to be with a song called ` Woohoo ' as the opening track . If others love this record , I am so glad . I on the other hand was severly let down . In fact , with the exception of ` Entertaining Angels ' and ` Truth Be Known ... ' I find this record to be an absolute bore . I wish the band the best as well as a better follow-up .
 ganksta nip is probalbly the worst rapper in the history ofrap music all of his albums are wackk and this album is no exception avoid his albums interview wit a killa give new meaning to the word perverted weird and derange you have to be crazy or drunk or high on drugs to buy any of his albums in my opinion this album doesnt even deserve one star
 The Seeds have one great song . That 's it . Everything else is a variation of that . Further , Sky Saxon is perhaps the most undistinguished vocalist coming out of the garage . This smacks of blasphemy to garage-heads , but it 's true . Bad vocalists are one thing . Saxon is another . His vocals just lie there like a wet dog in the corner . Boring . Roslie of the Sonics has nothing to fear from Saxon .
 Unless you are old enough to remember seeing these guys perform live ... as I did ... you probably wont be impressed with the quality of the recordings or the musicianship ... these guys are `` garage band '' at best ... They were ok in concert ... just your average garage band who had a hit record ... The hit `` Pushin too hard '' ... is the high point of the cd ... the rest of stuff is mere filler ... Back then ... same as now ... there was a reason why bands like this never achieved superstar status ... they lack that magical charisma to lock you in .
 Be warned
 I remeber when I first read about the band , I was intrigued and bought the album . I think the album has its moments like the first 3 tracks , but then after that it kind of goes downhill ... It just seems like the band gets stuck in a monotonous rythem and it just stays their , in other words , it gets boring ... If you wan na get hardcore by girls , check out L7 , they destroy this band .
 I remeber when I first read about the band , I was intrigued and bought the album . I think the album has its moments like the first 3 tracks , but then after that it kind of goes downhill ... It just seems like the band gets stuck in a monotonous rythem and it just stays their , in other words , it gets boring ... If you wan na get hardcore by girls , check out L7 , they destroy this band . -LRB- The review below is mine , I had done it anonymous first -RRB-
 Be warned
 This is often descibed as Amon Duul II 's `` folk '' album by people who 've never heard it or have read Julian Cope 's Krautrocksampler . This is no more a folk album than any of their others instead it betrays a move towards simultaneously proggier and poppier material and away from their more psychedelically inclined origins . As such , this album finds a band in a state of transition and , possibly because of that , it does n't really work . `` CID In Uruk '' and `` Ballad of the Shimmering Sand '' are pointlessly convoluted songs with over-fussy arrangements -LRB- not unlike a Teutonic Family -RRB- , the shorter songs work best but flirt with mundanity -LRB- give Cope his due for noting the similarity between `` Tables Are Turned '' and Traffic 's `` Vagabond Virgin '' , but then Traffic were always one of the more popular of late 60 's / early 70 's British rock bands in Germany -RRB- . The one link to the bands improvisatory past is `` Hawknose Harlequin '' , apparently edited down from 40 minutes , one is glad they did n't decide to include any more of this because , as it stands , it is merely a tedious and listless jam . The CD adds three additional single tracks , the straightforward and rather dull `` Light '' , the more interesting , if short , `` Between the Eyes '' and the single version of the over-rated `` All the Years Round '' . The band went on to far better things on their next album , `` Wolf City '' , which I would recommend buying over this .
 I heard this CD being reviewed on NPR 's All Things Considered and really liked the snippets they played . However , most of the music on this CD is not Yo-Yo Ma 's best work . It was a spur of the moment purchase that I now regret .
 After reading reviews , I could hardly wait to get this cd . It finally came today and to be frank , it 's quite bland and boring . Not one of his better cd 's
 I am a big fan of Yo-yo Ma , but this CD is a tearjerker and afterwhile , I have to switch it off because it was so boring . I have all his other CD 's and I wish it wasnt so ... I highly recommend his baroque CD 's though .
 Unfortunately , while I received confirmation from amazon that this had shipped , and was charged for the item , I never received it . I ca n't find a phone number , and my efforts to secure it via amazon 's `` where 's my order '' service and UPS tracking , were so time-consuming and tedious that I gave up in order not to spend hours at work on the tasks . I would like to resolve the issue , and receive another CD that shipped with this one , and it finally occurred to me that this review might help .
 Horrible , horrible recording . Yo Yo Ma , as usual , gives a great performance . The sound engineer , Richard King , should be run out of his profession . The recording is muddled , piano and other instruments are too loud , and even the sound of the cello is occasionally distorted . You can hear Ma breathing and other distracting sounds during the course of certain songs .
 The MP3 version of this album has 40 tracks , suggesting it 's the 2010 reissue with bonus tracks . However , the CD version I 'd like to purchase only lists the original 10 tracks . Can anyone clear this up ? I 'd like to buy the CD but I want to make sure I 'm getting the expanded reissue and this is a case where the Amazon description is n't helpful , which has burnt me in the past . Many thanks to anyone who 's already purchased this and can clarify the product description . Thanks!UPDATE
 I 'm looking for old music titles from Shirley Ceasar collection , in order to find the songs I need a list of the titles on the CD .
 Very poor quality sound on this CD . Good song titles but bad versions of them . Other than that go ahead and buy it .
 ATTENTION ALL HAZEL AND FANS OF THIS FILM , HAVING JUST BOUGHT IT FROM MOVIE MARS I HAVE NOW WATCHED IT , VERY GOOD QUALITY BUT SADLY OLIVE FILMS HAVE BADLY CUT THIS MASTER PIECE , YES FANS OVER 7MIN GONE FROM THE END , IN THIS VERSION YOU ONLY GET TO SEE HAZEL PERFORM AT THE CONCERT WITH THE BIG HIT IN THE BEGINNING , WHAT YOU DONT SEE IS HAZEL RUNNING OUT OF THE GIG DOWN THE STREET AND ON TO THE TUBE TRAIN , AND EVENTUALLY HER DECLINE IN MENTAL HEALTH , MAYBEE AMERICANS DO N'T LIKE SAD ENDINGS BUT ID YOUR A UK BUYER THEY YOUR GOING TO BE VERY DISS I SAY GET ONE FROM EBAY OR EBID STILL GOOD COPY 'S OUT THERE AT REASONABLE PRICES I HAVE SENT OLIVE AN EMAIL TO ASK WHY THEY HAVE SO BADLY CUT THIS CULT FILM , SO FANS BLURAY = BADLY CUT FILM
 Let 's face it
 I have to agree with several of the reviews already that this album is not the Rush that I have felt so enthusiastic about in the past.I am actually very surprised by the number of really positive reviews.This is the first day I purchased and listened to the CD , so I can only hope that it will get better with repeated playings , but so far I just do n't get it.Listeners are all very different , so some of the feelings , experiences , and moods we bring to listening can account for the varied likes and dislikes expressed here.What 's Wrong with Rush?I ca n't identify with the patterns on this new CD . Instead of the music flowing and building on itself , it sounds disjointed to me . Noises and patterns interrupt the direction of the music in very dicordant ways that I just do n't get . Sometimes it sounds as if they wrote a bunch of cohesive songs , then split up the songs into slices , and finally randomly mixed the slices into the forced songs that appear.I am reminded of the band Yes , where on some of there early albums the music was wonderfully melodic -LRB- Close to the Edge , The Yes Album -RRB- . And then on other albums the music sounded forced and disjoint -LRB- Tales from the Topographic Oceans , Tormato -RRB- . What 's Wrong with me?I understand that Rush put a lot of effort and time into this album . So why do n't I appreciate it ? I 've come to two conclusions . 1 -RRB- They are pursuing direction that just do n't please me anymore . 2 -RRB- They have been around music so much that they have evolved to a higher level a musical patterns that the lay person may have trouble relating too.Do I just take the narrow nostalgic view?I think some people are too ready to dismiss negative reviewers as being stuck in a nostalgic `` hit '' period.Before you categorize me as such keep this in mind :1 -RRB- I love just about everything Rush has done between Hemispheres and Counterparts .2 -RRB- I feel like they have been losing me a little bit more with each release starting with Test for Echo.In conclusion , I 'm happy that some people are seeing some really cool creative stuff on this new album , Snakes and Arrows.As for me , its even hard to listen to . Well , Rush has been one of the best musical experiences for me in my life while the good times lasted .
 Well ... what can positively be said about Rush 's latest effort ? Not too much . Approaching this album from a technical standard their production is once again crisp and clean and the right balance of instrument-to-vocal mixing has been achieved . Although Geddy 's vocals are still a tad bit too washed out into the background , it is still a vast improvement from their Vapor Trails disaster . But that 's about where the compliments end for Snakes and Arrows . Once again -LRB- since Counterparts -RRB- we have an album with too much emphasis on band members trying too prove too hard that they can still `` rock out '' . Overpowering beat-drives and flat , sour songs blanket this entire album . Do n't get me wrong , there are some great - but all too brief - moments where you hear the younger progressive Neil Peart of the past tanning his skins along with almost hopeful moments that Geddy 's singing will break out into a nice melodic chorus but alas , there is nothing here by the album 's end . Essential `` Rush '' vitals are yet again missing on this latest effort . Gone are the days of keyboards and the melodic power ballads that marked Rush 's climb to the top of their game and peaking in the late 80s into the very early 90s . Something has been lost along the way since albums like Presto and Roll the Bones . With the exception of a couple of nice songs on Counterparts and Test for Echo , there 's no `` Rush '' impact here anymore . No `` Rush '' magic - no sunshine . There 's none of that special something that Rush used to bring to the table no matter what new avenue of musical styles they progressed to . Trying too hard to be like today 's rock groups is the key here , I think . In fact , I 'd bet my soul on it . The members of Rush will be the first to admit to you that they have always been a bit of a sponge to whatever sound is current . But by soaking up the sound of today 's stagnant and recycled rock bands -LRB- tell me most of the songs from a rock band today does n't sound EXACTLY like the songs from a rock band over 10 years ago ! -RRB- they have finally lost what they do best . Being Rush.Peart 's lyrics on this album are once again self-indulgent and he 's obviously still trying to work out his tragic losses of the past and trying to find and reinvent himself while on the road . Gone the way of the dinosaur is lyrical writing by Peart with subjects and themes of a more universal nature that everyone can relate too and also what made Rush so special . That used to be their trademark . But most importantly , the melodic song writing -LRB- and singing -RRB- are absent once again on this album . And Geddy ? Please stop your yodeling over some of the notes you sing . It was never your strong point and there 's far too much of it , now . Especially in light of the fact that you 're probably doing it to make up for all the non-melodic songs you are singing these days . It 's a terrible surrogate and it makes this fan 's teeth itch.But I will say this ... There is one strong point to the album and that is Alex 's guitar playing . Boy , has he really evolved . He just keeps getting better and better . It 's ironic that the one person who had to take a back seat to major keyboard productions throughout most of the 80s is now the man who should lead the way in the direction in which Rush should -LRB- hell , NEEDS -RRB- to go . His work at the beginning of the song , `` The Way the Wind Blows '' and especially his short but beautiful instrumental , `` Hope '' are ONLY TWO prime examples.Rush has always been an evolving rock band . It 's what has made Rush so great and is what has made a hard-core fan out of me over the long years and , believe me , I hate to critique them in such a negative light as this review of their latest album . But enough is enough . To me this is strike three . Since the boys are - while still evolving in their styles of playing - returning to their rock roots it would be nice to see them now return -LRB- while still evolving -RRB- to the days of at least SOME keyboards again -LRB- hey , you have to have them anyway to perform your now older songs in concert so you might as well keep using them in the studio -RRB- and especially to the more melodic song writing that defined the pinnacle of Rush 's career . King Lurxst seems to be the only one who wishes to write somewhat melodic music these days.Alex , it looks like it 's up to you . Lead your gang from Willowdale back into the light . `` All hail the King ! ''
 Let 's get this painful writing out of the way.I have been listening to Rush for 25 years and count myself as a dedicated fan of most of what they 've produced.S & A ; is terrible.Read the 1 star and 2 star reviews for the reasons , as they are numerous.The one facet that hit me between the eyes from the first listening is the complete breakdown of their song-making methodology . It reminds me of a Rockline interview Geddy gave back in the late '80s . When asked how the `` Music by Lee & Lifeson . Lyrics by Peart '' thing worked , Geddy commented that , although complex , Neil 's writing rarely left him `` with a mouth full of words I ca n't sing '' -LRB- paraphrased -RRB- . From start to finish , Geddy sounds like he has a mouthful of words that are not only un-sing-able , but are lacking in the creative insight which has been one of Rush 's halmarks . Really , really terrible , and SAD to boot.Is this the end of the road ???
 After the disappointment of Vapor Trails , I was hoping for improvement . Let me start by saying I first saw Rush as a backup band to Kiss in 1974 . I have seen them more than a dozen times since . They are probably one of the best live bands ever . Snakes and Arrows does not do them justice . On the first listen , you have trouble distinguishing between the songs . After a few times through you begin to hear the nuances and distinctions . It is definitely better than Vapor Trails but a far cry from their earlier work . There seems to be a dark side to this CD and it left me feeling kinda depressed after listening to it . Long time Rush fans will probably like it , but you have to give it a long listen and then decide .
 I have been a devoted Rush fan since I first heard `` 2112 '' and `` All the World 's a Stage '' on 8-Track in my brother 's friend 's car . I have seen Rush live six times , starting back in 1977 at the Township Auditorium in Columbia , SC . I 've known nearly every note in every song for decades , but I have to agree with the other negative reviews here . This album has the feeling of a hurried , thrown-together effort , which goes exactly counter to what Rush fans are accustomed to . I 'll also broach another sensitive subject for Rush fans ; Neil 's increasingly pretentious lyrics ! The lyrics are becoming somewhat preachy and almost resentful and more and more difficult for Geddy and Alex to put to music . Enough with the `` You 're all fools ! '' type of elitism and get back to some basic poetry . Take a listen to ` Bravado ' to see how simplicity can be so much more powerful than being bludgeoned to death with ham-fisted cliche 's . I also agree that the music here seems very disjointed . One of the things I 've always loved about Rush is their ability to go seamlessly from one tempo and/or time signature to another but here it just sounds forced and tired . I hope that the boys from Canada can take some time off and develop a better album next time .
 I 've been a Rush follower and devouted listener since day one . However , I ca n't let this unjustice go on any longer . I gave them lots of time since Vapor Trails came out , but this time , they 've gone too far . This album is like a slap in the face to us die hard Rush fans , period . The word `` cheesy '' really comes to mind . Terribly mixed . Drums sound horrid.They have heavily relied on overdubbing for the vocals and backgrounds . So disappointed . Nothing `` new '' from them as you 'd expect from Moving Pictures and the evolution from there on out . It 's like a step backwards . You know how some songs just stick in your mind over and over ? There are none on this album . I hate to say it , but ever since Neil `` returned '' , they have not been the band they were . Their style is very predictable . The drumming that has helped mould Rush into Rush , is simply not there . There are no new techniques , sounds or innovations . There is a little bit more off beats , but nothing to enhance style . The quality of recording has gone done . Lay off the click tracks for the drums and actually record the drums themselves . In the past , Rush had always wrote material that was very distinctive . Not any more . The last two albums have not attributed anything to maintain their place in elite status . I 'd even go as far as saying that if this was a band by any other name than Rush , this album would n't even get a consideration . It 's that bad and that 's the road Rush is traveling now . I get the feeling that Rush has developed an attitude like Neil has over the years and just do n't really care what the fans are saying . They know that whatever they build , we will come . Not any longer from me . The last great `` Rush '' album was Geddy Lee 's solo one . Geesh , if this is the best you can do , then go down in style and retire from the scene so we can at least have the best of the good stuff and not this dog food your trying to feed us .
 This is NOT a DVD-Audio disc and will NOT play on a DVD-Audio player . I really wish Amazon would stop marketing it as a DVD-A disc that will play on all DVD-A players . It is not .
 Well all I can say is that I 'm a sucker . I actually bought this aluminum/plastic Frisbee called `` Snakes and Arrows '' by Rush . It really , logically , should n't have happened , based on the fact that Rush has been supplying us with a steady stream of fecal matter since 1987 and have n't thought twice about it . Well I 'm a former fan and old habits die hard I guess , and I ca n't remember -LRB- in recent times -RRB- when a Rush album had so much publicity/excitement running behind it -LRB- a new and young `` hot '' producer , revitalized band members , endless media love , cool new single and music video ect -RRB- so I actually caved in and gave this CD a whirl despite my better judgement.Take a guess what happened when I played it ... . go on ... It was horrible.Probably worse then Vapor Trails , Test For Echo and Counterparts combined and that is saying something because all 3 of those records were horse pi $ $ . No , not just horrible , insulting . I 've watched this band slowly destroy itself over a 20 year period with turd releases . Something has gone awry . After listening to this all I can say is I 'm done . I wo n't even dignify this by mentioning song titles or describing the sound in detail . All I will say is this is what happens when you hire one of your fans as a producer . Nick R. apparently -LRB- because of his age and work with other P.O.S bands like Foo Fighters -RRB- had no idea what he was doing . I guess he could n't say `` no '' when he heard something bad because Rush are his heroes , so as a result he minted this fresh bowel movement called Snakes and Arrows.Why did n't they at lest hire a professional producer for this ? They have the money to afford ANYONE , and they choose this Nick R. @ $ $ hole.WTF were Alex , Geddy and Neil thinking ? Are they going senile?So that 's it , I 'm done with this band . I 'm done with watching these former legends make a joke out of themselves with bogus CD releases and stupid decisions . Peart can no long write songs , plain and simple . The former poet now penning odes to teenage angst and whiny , ignorant lyrics . Geddy has been reduced to acting like a moron on stage and Alex just does n't give a $ h i t anymore . You can see it on his face and in his guitar playing . He hardly does solos any more , he just got physically and musically lazy l guess . Seems like none of them even cares anymore , I mean when your band is now reduced to putting washing machines and chicken ovens on stage then you know something is wrong.I 'll just pretend they do n't exist anymore and retired in 1987 . It 's better that way ... So please , just stay away from this pile of fecal matter . You 'll save some money and a trip to the psychiatrist .
 This cd sucks . Did their producer have the nerve to compare it to 2112 , AFTK , Hemispheres ? Whatever . Bring Terry Brown back ! Every so many years Rush puts out a new cd and every year I 'm shocked that it 's worse than the previous effort . I 'm sure fans all summer long will be wishing songs like Dreamline , Xanadua , Red Barchetta , 2112 , Subdivisions would hurry up and get over on tour so Rush can play tracks off this monstrosity . I do n't mean to be so down on the boys , but I know they could do so much better . Could n't they ?
 The point is that after hearing the whole Record , i ca n't even remember or sing any voice melody , i think there 's no doubt RUSH is a primary column for progressive rock all around the world , so expectations of all fans have to be bigger than for any other prog bands , but i just do n't see any evolution in songs , it looks they just have n't had enough time or inspiration to get the best material possible on their last records . It seems that RUSH is not the band that used to be on the 70 's or early 80 's , RUSH is now just becoming a product sold with a wide demand all around the world by inertia , but for us that opened the Signals album on 1982 is another story , on Snakes and Arrows there 's a lot of power , a huge sound performed by maybe the best three musicians in rock music ever but inside empty ideas in comparison with the past compositions . One thing is to hear them just play together and making amazing chops , that 's what 's happening on this record , another thing is to hear them playing amazing songs like Red Barchetta , The Trees or Tom Sawyer.With this album i just go back to think there wo n't be a Moving Pictures ever again on time , so to me RUSH is already an inmortal band , there 's nothing else to prove , i wish i could have a new and amazing RUSH album these days , but maybe they 're not in the mood now for brilliant ideas surrounded with analog sounds . I 'm a drummer as many on earth inspired by Peart 's talent but now he simply play drums great but i do n't think his arrangement work on drum parts does n't sound good when these are played over undefined and confussing harmonies.And something quite important is finally the answer to which is the place for RUSH among so many good bands playing today ? , i just will mention some , think so many others you know
 As a life long Rush fan its hard to write down these words . I really do n't feel I am betraying Rush fans by speaking my mind and saying that this is without a doubt the worst Rush album . I am not over critical of this band as I have come to appreciate and love every album this trio has ever put out . I couldnt honestly say there has ever been a bad Rush album ... until now.To put it simply ... the main failure of this album is the Vocals and the Lyrics . The music in and of itself is good but the vocals of Geddy squeezing in long sentences of lyrics into song melodies is painful to hear . Its obvious that this Nick Foo Fighter producer did not take the time to stop these guys and say ... this is not working . Granted I was n't in the studio and could n't even know what kind of conversations might have gone on , but please someone must have noticed that there were no harmonies worth anything in the song structures and the lyrics themselves seem to paint a very negative and uninspired mood.Its ok to be dark and have a melancholy take on an album but it seems almost defeatist . The songs that I liked best were the last 3 which in my opinion would have suited the album much better at the beginning where first impressions might have carried this album a bit further . I also feel that Geddy should ease off the layering of his voice on too many tracks . I appreciate some of the older songs where his voice is unaccompanied by special effects and or over dubbing.And since I hope this is my first and only critique ever of this wonderful band who has really inspired me through their music over the years ... yikes on that cover art ... they should have used one of the images from inside the booklet . There I said it.Best of luck to the next album . Please do n't end your career with this one please !
 I have every Rush album , and with the exception of `` Caress of Steel , '' I never thought that RUSH had made a `` Bad '' record . -LRB- Some mediocre ones ? ... sure , bad ? ... no -RRB- . Until `` Snakes & Arrows '' that is.All the things I love about RUSH are nowhere to be found on this CD . No up-tempo anthems , no lyrical imagery , no inspiring musicianship , no grooves , and the sin of all sins - no melody . Geddy seems to not even bother with vocal melody on this CD , to the point of where calling him a singer is a wild stretch . Other than some elements on `` Far Cry , '' I can not remember a single hook , phrase , riff , harmony , bass line , drum fill or passage on S&A ; , mainly because there are n't any to be found . Here 's where the cries come bellowing in from every `` real '' RUSH fan who loves this CD , accusing us `` non-believers '' of living in the past and wanting RUSH to just make another `` Permanent Waves '' or `` Roll the Bones . '' And I admit that there are fans out there who think that way . But that 's not me and that 's not why this CD fails
 This album is too layered , too processed sounding , too compressed , etc. . The producer needs to go . Bring back the famed producer of Rush 's earlier work Terry Brown . His albums had a clean crisp sound with instrumental separation and a great flow . This is one loud mush of sound . Bad stuff . Forget the writing , it may be good , you ca n't tell the production is so overblown . Digital ear splitting garbage .
 Well . . many have waxed their love or hate for the new album `` Snakes and Arrows '' with not much going on in the middle . It is interesting that either the whole thing sucks or the whole thing rules.I will not go into each song and rip this part or that part . That is for each of us to decide on our own . My focus is more on the overall success , or failure in this case , to produce an album that is sonic and dynamic , melodic and worth being called a Rush record . I have many points to focus on and will do my best to explain my views on each subject .1 -RRB- Rush needs a producer that is more concerned with making a great RUSH record than making a name for himself . Just because some hot shot may have had success with other bands -LRB- Foo Fighters and Velvet Revolver -RRB- does n't mean they have a CLUE how to do a great Rush record . There are countless times when a band grabbed the `` new guy '' only to have their sound ruined by that new producer ! Ted Nugent was convinced by the `` new guy ' in the early 1980 's to stop playing the Birdland and use a different sound . It set his career back 10 or more years . He plays it now ... and wow , he sounds like TED !! Rush should produce themselves or at least get a proven classic rock producer and start there ... Martin Birch , Ted Templeton , Bob Rock , or , hey how about that Terry Brown guy !!! 2 -RRB- The material lacks any solid melody and that was always what made Rush so incredible . They could still be chops all over the place and still leave you humming SOMETHING ! Hell you can even hum to Cyngus X-1 !! They do n't even sound like songs . And can we PLEASE try a different tempo just once in a while ?? Please ?? They are just pieces throw together without any glue . And of course without glue ... nothing sticks ! 3 -RRB- Geddy 's vocals are awful . WHAT IS WITH ALL THE DOUBLE TRACKING ??? STOP IT !! I do n't need or want backing vocals on a Rush record ! Leave that to the Simpson sisters ! Can you imagine what Tom Sawyer would have sounded like with that crappy production ... OUCH ! 4 -RRB- As a drummer of 35 + years , I have to do this . Neil ... you messed up ! I go all the way back to the period between Counterparts and Test for Echo . . you know ... the `` reinvention of Neil Peart '' . Well congrats ... you did that alright ... you created a drummer that is nothing like the one we loved before the `` reinvention '' . All the things that made Neil the legend he is . . the power , the discipline , and the amazing ability to play the same parts again and again has been replaced by a boring and uninspired drummer who lacks focus and power . Gone are the flashy toms runs , the `` tool box '' has shrunk to a shadow of what it once was . YOU DO N'T EVEN PLAY THE SAME FILLS ANYMORE AND THAT IS UNFORGIVEABLE ! I do n't want new fills in Limelight , or Passage to Bangkok !! PLAY THE RIGHT PARTS ... we all know them . . we expect them ... Geddy ca n't just change the lyrics to Freewill ... nor should you with the drum parts . They were just as important as the chord changes ... that is what made you the PROFESSOR !! This powerful . . precise ... creative and amazing player . I miss that part of Rush the most !! 5 -RRB- The band lacks the Rush sound that we all used to take for granted . Even when they added key and syns . . the drums , bass and guitar were right there ... in your face ... clear , focused , and in it 's own place . Now , the band is muddy , sluggish and lacking in color . Neil maybe playing away but it is so stuck in the mix that there is no impact ... no UMPH if you will . I have never seen a band get WORSE with each recording , in regards to their sound , as I have seen with Rush . I would have NEVER expected that ever!So regardless of the lyrics , or the parts played or the musicianship , which is STILL top notch ... nothing was going to save this record if it was going to be recorded as it was , mixed the way it was and produced the way it was . No material ... no matter how good or bad will ever sound good if you face the problems I just listed . But I bet they sound 100 % better live ... and that is the biggest shame of all ... they are capable ... if they made better choices ... peace
 . . to like this , I really did . These guys are truly great but there are just very few real songs here . The playing is impeccable and I like the intstrumentals , but where is the melody ? The best Rush tunes at least had some semblance of melody , but now that Geddy sings with little of the range he once had , the vocal lines are just straight and flat .50 percent of this is pretty good , the other half , well , it 's boring .
 Well , I have to confess I wanted to be blown away.Sadly this was not to be.My big gripe here is that although the stereo mix is in Advanced Resolution the Surround mix is a pitiful Dolby Digital mix - and you can really hear the drop in quality here . Why was this decision taken - the furore if the stereo mix was in MP3 only would be deafening yet Surround fans are expected to be grateful for the equivalent of MP3.The trouble is that if we boycott this , the labels will say there is no demand for surround , but if we buy it they assume we are okay about lousy quality.The much-touted MVI is a waste of time & effort unless MP3 and ringtones are your thing.I could not even register my comments because I do not have a US or canadian postcode , so that is also a waste of time.Shame - the stereo is superb , but the loss of resolution in surround makes me weep it is that bad.If you are a surround fan , avoid this - it is a waste of money .
 Rush , I like the theme , but you need to change . You must write lyrics and music simultaneously so that there is actually a cohesive groove to your music . What is wrong ? It is all to obvious that most of your songs are lyricized first and then music FORCED into it after the fact . You can not write lasting music that way . There is no melody-lyric-rhythm groove here that will ever be remembered . Sorry , change your writing method or you will continue to make forgetable albums to oblivion . You used to have a groove , you no longer do . You can have all of the musicianship in the world and not be able to write a SONG .
 Sadly this is just more of the same uninspired and predictible music that plagued their last studio album . What happened to the brilliant orchestrations that characterized Rush music for such great works as Grace Under Pressure , Power Windows , Roll the Bones and Counterparts?It seems like the Canadian power trio has devolved into a self indulgent formula . None of these tracks really seem to stand out . I honestly felt like I was listening to the same song through the entire album.Rush really needs a creative producer to bring out their best . A producer to challenge their writing skills and push them to orchestrate their sound ... A producer to save them from themselves . Unfortunately , Nick Raskulinecz could n't accomplish this .
 Most of this album is an exercise in musical motonony . The radio-oriented opener , along with tracks 2 and 5 , are the only songs you 'll probably want to hear more than once.Even the instrumentals amble about pointlessly - a fact that not long ago seemed metaphysically impossible . For the first time in human history terms like `` Rush instrumental '' and `` musical mediocrity '' are not necessarily universe-collapsing inverses.In the 70 's their `` La Villa Strangiato '' took its audience through a journey at first interesting , then cathartic , and finally funny . In the 1980 's `` YYZ '' thrust musical jujitsu upon its victims ' ears . In the 90 's `` Leave That Thing Alone '' proved prog rock too can be gorgeous and captivating . Alas , the instrumentals on Snakes and Arrows -LRB- and yes , I 'm including the 12 string guitar piece -RRB- are as forgettable as they are lyricless.S & A sounds like stuff Rush threw out when making Vapor Trails , a vastly superior effort -LRB- and still far from their best work -RRB- ... | . .
 The past 5 or 6 years have been a time of growth and experimentation for Rush after their hiatus in the late 90s . But it has also been a time of reflection , thought , and utmost simplicity in their music . I have been a Rush fan for about 5 years and I own nearly all of their studio recordings and all of their DVD releases . So I know Rush 's sound pretty well now.Snakes & Arrowsis just a disapointment to me . For me , it sounds likeTest for EchoII -- it has 1 to 3 tracks that are actually good and the rest are just filler material or very mellow acoustic tracks . The only song I like here is `` Far Cry '' and besides that SNAKES is just a sleepy , monotonous album -- at least for Rush . Sadly , I do not think that Rush will ever be able to compose as well as they did before theCounterpartsalbum . Yet , I congratulate Rush for trying as hard as they could to produce the kind of top-notch music that they were playing during the 70s and 80s . I ca n't wait to see Rush on tour this summer , though !
 The MVI DVD will not play on some DVD-A players ! It would not play on a few random DVD players I tried . It will not even play in the Acura TL 5.1 DVD-A players . About the only thing it would play on for me was my computer , which I do n't have all the outboard gear to support the full experience .
 I own 5 pairs of Adidas flip-flop sandals . ANY ONE of them has more `` soul '' than this album .
 These guys are rush , they do what they want . They 've always done what they wanted . They had to have signed off on how bad this thing sounds . From the outset it is a barrage of sound that hides anything that could be signature for these guys . You have to strain to hear Alex 's solo 's ... what ??? Your Alex lifeson . . a guitar legend !!! Turn up your solo bud !!! Geddy has no precision to his sound . Its blended so well you ca n't hear any one element . . The same guy wrote the bass lines to red barchetta ... ugh ... Neils kick is somewhere in the mix but again blended to well who knows . No matter where I tweak this I ca n't get it to pump without something else sounding like crap . I listen to vinyl run through parametric eq then graphic then through sennheiser headphones . I can put the first rush album on -LRB- 1974 -RRB- and with a few tweaks I can make it sound MUCH , much better .
 I wo n't pour bile over this record , but I 'll say that it 's definitely not as strong as some of their past efforts ... Too bad , I really wanted to like this album - I have lost touch with Rush since `` Hold Your Fire '' -LRB- been a while -RRB- but I can not . In my honest opinion , it 's lacking direction and cohesiveness . It 's not totally terrible , as some reviewers suggest , but far from `` amazing '' as many others insist .
 I 've been eagerly awaiting the release of each new Rush album over the years since Grace Under Pressure and I 've always been immediately taken by at least a few tunes every time . So many songs would just jump out and be remembered the very first time I heard them . By the second listen I would start to like some of them more & more picking up on some subtleties of the lyrics or understanding the structure of the song , noticing the changes in the tempos , etc. all the while hearing them become Rush Classics the more & more you heard them . Anyway , this trend ending with Test For Echo for me & I was hoping to be impressed again with this new release . Besides hearing Far Cry on the radio in advance , I listened to the whole album once and absolutely nothing stood out ! I really did n't know what I heard the first time through . I could not recall any single point of any song that really wanted me to go back and find it again.It 's taken me a few listens to begin to like a few songs , mainly Spindrift and the instrumental The Main Monkey Business . I think the problem for me is that the sound just is n't clean enough or different enough . Most of the album just flows by sounding pretty much the same which has never been the case in a Rush album before . Maybe the production should be blamed for everything sounding muddled together & on top of each other . The `` Rush sound '' for me has always been the drums sort of driving the song but always working well with Alex 's guitar and Geddy 's vocals . There has always been a clear sound to each , working hand in hand but not overpowering each other . The bass & lead guitars have always complemented each other in the past especially on early albums like Farewell ... , Fly by Night , Caress ... , & 2112 . This time around it sounds like they are doing their own thing without hearing each other . I 've read other reviews of Snakes & Arrows that say Rush has returned to an earlier sound or an earlier way of recording & I really do n't know what they are talking about . I do n't hear it . I think the best reflection of their old style was the cover songs on Feedback like Crossroads & Seeker because they played those songs 30 years ago.Despite this disappointing release I am looking forward to seeing the tour this summer . Rush has never failed to perform a song live at least as good the recording . Maybe this time they can do even better .
 I actually borrowed this CD from a friend - I did n't want to throw my money away , I just needed to satisfy my curiousity . Smart decision . If Rush was unknown , and this was their first CD being played for the record execs , they would never get a recording contract . There 's no substance here . Boring , mundane , uninspiring . I do n't long for the `` OLD '' sound of Rush , I just hope that one day they recapture the MAGIC they once had . There 's nothing wrong with changing your sound , you just ca n't be lazy and change it to junk . Too much filtering and electronics . Go back and listen to the blockbuster song `` Spirit of the radio '' . The song was an enormous commercial success for many reasons . I 'm not looking for another `` Spirit '' , but I would like something equally bombastic for a change . I do n't expect magic on every record , but once every couple of decades is n't really asking too much . Until that day comes , I 've got very shallow pockets .
 I 've realized that Terry Brown was an integral member of the band that I grew up with , and without him the boys just do n't work as well . Their latest stuff like Snakes and Arrows , and Vapor Trails , is just too dense and monotonoous for me . It 's hard to find the melody and Geddy 's voice sounds robotic . There was power and excitement in 2112 , A Farewell To Kings , Hemispheres , and my trio of back-to-back favorites , Permanent Waves/Moving Pictures/Signals . Loud and sonically dense guitars do n't equal excitement . Soaring melodies , spine-tingling riffs -LRB- a la Spirit of Radio -RRB- , dynamic drumming , and Geddy 's rollercoaster bass are what made me a fan in the late 70 's / early 80s . Those elements have become scarcer and scarcer as time has gone by . I think Alex felt that it was finally his turn to let loose after spending several albums providing simple chords to accompany Geddy 's keyboards in the 90s . Okay , so he proved he 's still got skills . Now let 's get back to the progressive stuff that made them great .
 This , unfortunatly , is the first Rush review that I have written . Unfortunatly this album really has no memerable songs on it at all . Although the muscianship is there , the songs are extremely flat and lifeless . Though the acoustic and instrumentals do stand out and the writing -LRB- thanks to that genius Neil Peart -RRB- do shed some light , this album does not stand up to previous albums . Some of the album sounds like rehashes of their earlier stuff . They suprisingly are not breaking new ground here . I do understand that Rush have been together for thirty plus years . They are allowed to make a sub par album for once in that time span . So , they get a free pass from me .
 Snakes and Arrows ... a much anticipated CD from my favorite group Rush . I admit , I took the buildup hype hook line and sinker . The youthful presence of Nick `` Foo Fighters '' Raskulinecz was certainly going to energize these 3 great musicians to new heights ... a proverbial kick in the pants to propel them forward after the production failure that was their previous effort - Vapor Trails.I was wrong . Snakes and Arrow is an overwrought -LRB- for Rush -RRB- , shoe horned , lyrically inane production that provides no memorable material of any kind from Rush.The opening song Far Cry is a semi catchy little piece that desperately screams for a ripping Alex Lifeson guitar solo at its midpoint , but alas the listener only gets another Alex LIfeson guitar lesson in atmospheric layering . Still though , not a bad start.Then comes the next 4 monoliths -LRB- aka SwordAngelBowlDrift -RRB- of plodding , frankly boring songs had this long time Rush fan pining for the days when a Rush `` side A '' was a veritable treasure trove of hard/prog rock musicianship and execution . Workin Them Angels is the most memorable tune of the this fourplex and that 's not saying much.The rest of the non instrumental songs are just plain forgettable . Which brings me to the instrumentals.The best one by far is the Main Monkey Business , which is a small bite of Fillet Mignon in the boot leather tough piece of cube steak that is Snakes and Arrows.Production wise Snakes and Arrows is light years better than Vapor Trails.Lee , Lifeson and Peart certainly offer brief forays into some interesting musicianship on Snakes and Arrows , but by and large it 's a been there done that expedition . Snakes and Arrows tries to hard to be `` progressively rootsy '' and in turn that produces soul less , numbing music.Neil Peart used to be able to wrap symbolism and social comment into a rich storyline that would keep Rush geeks talking and exploring the content for days . Now , Peart just takes out the hammer and tells the listener throughout Snakes and Arrows that world is bad place full of bad people who live behind iron gates and you best just run home and hide . Lyrically Snakes and Arrows may go down as Peart 's most inane , vapid and grooveless efforts ever with Rush . In parts of Snakes and Arrows Lee 's vocals almost have a `` are you kiddin me with this stuff '' subliminal undertone to them.Maybe next time Rush and Nick R.
 Concerning RUSH 's last three studio recordings , Test For Echo , Vapor Trails and Snakes & Arrows ... . I just do n't get it . It all sounds like a bunch of noise to me . Counterparts is the last recording I really liked by them overall ... . I guess that makes me a classic RUSH fan only at this point in time . The only reason I gave this recording two stars was out of the respect for the great musicians they are and the outstanding live shows they still perform today .
 As they say , best not to get your hopes up . And that 's certainly true with this latest CD from Rush . Being a Rush fan from back in the mid-1970s , I was eagerly waiting for this new album . Perhaps too eagerly . When I finally got my hands on it last week , I found I was underwhelmed.It 's a bland , boring album . Not one of the tracks stands out as something extraordinary , or even good enough for a Rush song . And this was supposed to be a return to the `` classic sound '' of the Band.I did n't like their previous album Vapor Trails because of the mixing and other things , but that is better than this new CD .
 This is the first Rush release I do n't like . I totally agree with all the other negative reviews about this album . Neil has already written these songs before , only they were much better . Songs like Roll the Bones , Ghost of a Chance , and Freewill have very similar themes , but are both musically and lyrically superior to anything on this album . The lyrics on this album simply depress me ; what a downer . There 's no ebb and flow to the music . The songs just chug on and on without ever letting up . The listener never has a chance to breathe . I 'm either exhausted after hearing these songs or I simply drift off and start wondering what I need to buy at the grocery store . Rush seems to have forgotten how to craft a song . I listened to Power Windows the other day and the difference in quality is striking . The lyrics on Power Windows are thought provoking and the music is uplifting . Alex ' solos used to send chills up my spine . Now they just meandor around with no direction . The lack of keyboards on this album really causes the songs to sound disjointed and muddy . The keyboards kept the songs tight , giving them a real clean sound . The band was once able to blend several melodies into a beautiful and cohesive whole . This is what made them technically superior to any other band out there . Unfortunately , this album lacks everything that made Rush great .
 I feel like Judas for writing this . Rush are one of rock 's best bands . They could produce a recording of farts and I 'd buy it just to support them and say thanks for what they have done . Whilst Snakes & Arrows is technically jaw-dropping it just does n't have the melodic accessibility of Rush 's better works.Melody has never been Rush 's strong suite . This is largely due to the unusual way Rush compose songs ; with the onus on the band 's bass player/vocalist Geddy Lee to pull a tune out of jam-session tracks made with guitarist Alex Lifeson and somehow find some of drummer/lyricist Neil Peart 's words to fit . This formula seems to have failed them for the third studio album in a row.The songs sound amazing ... but they go blam blam blam and not much else . You can hear the music has been layered on a click track , and if you import the songs into sound editing software you can see many of the waveforms are full volume from beginning to end.Rush albums are always tough going at first . It took me a year to realize `` Presto '' was a masterpiece . But no matter what direction the band goes , they can never be described as background music . A Rush album demands concentration . But for me , melody is the in-road ... `` the hook '' ... and this album just does n't deliver . Even the album 's stand-out track `` Far Cry '' barely scrapes through , being saved by some harmonious Oooo-ing in the chorus . In fact , for pretty much being the only song with a chorus.I love the fact that Rush are doing 5.1 mixes of their material , and I go giddy at the thought that they may return to their back-catalogue and re-release 5.1 versions of their existing albums . I 'd even venture to listen to Moving Pictures again , which for me has been so over-played , it 's sadly gone the way of Led Zeppelin and The Beatles.The packaging of Snakes & Arrows is phenomenal . The video material is a great , though at times too insightful bonus . -LRB- It is fantastic to see an upbeat Neil Peart . -RRB- All the software stuff is a lot of fun . But , ultimately it 's the music that matters . In that regard , Snakes & Arrows can be put next to `` Test For Echo '' and `` Vapor Trails '' . For some that might be good . For me , sadly , it 's not .
 Rush 's library can be easily categorized . You have the Rockers -LRB- Rush , Fly By Night , Carress of Steel , 2112 -RRB- You have the Prog Years -LRB- Farewell to Kings , Hemispheres , Permanent Waves , Moving Pictures -RRB- . You have the Synth Years -LRB- Signals , Grace Under Pressure , Power Windows , Hold Your Fire -RRB- . And finally you have the ... uh ... ummm ... uh ??? Since 1991 's Presto , Rush has hyped each album as a `` back to basics '' , or `` return to roots '' project . This happened no more so than on Snakes and Arrows . But just like last few albums , Rush comes nowhere close to delivering anything resembling their former selves.Even Rush fans are confused . Just look at the polarity of the positive reviews.You have the `` Rush is evolving '' crowd that boast how this record is somehow a more complex , progressive work . I find it funny that the word `` evolving '' has been used in a lot of fan album reviews since Presto . Is there really that much difference between SNA and the last 4 albums ? Is it more `` evolved '' because Geddy modulates his voice 10 times over now instead of twice ? If so , then all hail Britney Spears
 Production notwithstanding , this album is SUCH a step backward from Vapor Trails -LRB- not that that was a great album , but it was at least catchy and listenable besides the horrible digital clipping -RRB- . A few basic problems with this album :1 -RRB- Not catchy whatsoever ... at least Vapor Trails was memorable and rocked besides the clipping noise . Rush 's gift always held true the fact that they could write what was seemingly on the surface a ` catchy as hell ' memorable simple song that only took one listen to remember ... but under the surface was technical as hell -LRB- Red Barchetta for a great example of a totally ` accessible by anyone ' song that 's also amazingly complex and intricate yet it takes NOTHING away from the catchiness and does n't overwhelm-or underwhelm-the casual listener -RRB- . Rush have completely lost both the ability to be both catchy and complex on anything above an elementary level .2 -RRB- Boring musicianship ... this is supposed to be RUSH ; `` holding back '' for the last 17 years is NO LONGER a valid excuse . I HATE it when mindless Neilsheep state `` It 's so cool to hear Neil just sit back , groove , and not overplay '' for the MILLIONTH TIME as if he 's been playing at `` Natural Science/Cygnus X-1 / Subdivisions/Losing It/Jacob 's Ladder/Marathon/Mission / The Fountain '' caliber constantly for the last 30 years ! HE 'S BEEN `` HOLDING BACK '' FOR FREAKIN ' DECADES ! C'MON , BLOW US AWAY FOR AT LEAST 20 SECONDS IN ONE SONG ! Dammit , this is supposed to be Rush . Throw us at least ONE thing that makes us go `` WOW !!!!! '' again ! And all the blind supporters need to STOP reciting what others say about `` It 's so great they are going subtle '' ... they 've been subtle since 1990 ! It 's time to STOP with the lameness ! Stop making excuses ! 3 -RRB- Neil 's lyrics ca n't possibly get any worse . STOP USING THE GRADESCHOOL SIMILES AND METAPHORS !!!!! EXAMPLES : `` LIKE A CORAL REEF '' , `` LIKE A GHOSTRIDER '' , `` LIKE A MOUNTAIN '' , `` LONELY THINGS LIKE NIGHTS '' , LIKE SURRENDER '' , `` LIKE MALICE '' , `` LIKE LOVERS AND HEROS '' , `` LIKE EMPIRES '' , `` LIKE THE TIDE '' , `` LIKE PRIDE '' , `` LIKE HURRICANES '' , `` LIKE LOVERS '' `` LIKE BIRDS OF PREY '' , `` LIKE DANCING GIRLS '' , `` LIKE A MILLION LITTLE DOORWAYS '' , `` LIKE THE REST OF THE WORLD '' , `` LIKE THE HEART OF THE EARTH '' , `` LIKE A TIMEBOMB '' , `` LIKE A STRANGER '' , `` LIKE THE CHINESE CALL '' , `` LIKE A RARE AND PRECIOUS METAL '' , `` LIKE A RIGHTEOUS INSPIRATION '' , `` LIKE A TEARDROP IN THE OCEAN '' , `` LIKE A STEELY BLADE '' , `` LIKE AN HOURGLASS '' , `` LIKE A SHIPWRECKED MARINER '' , `` LIKE A PAIR OF VAGABONDS '' , `` LIKE A WOLF IN THE SUN '' , `` LIKE WE 'RE BACK IN THE DARK AGES '' , `` LIKE CRUSADERS IN UNHOLY ALLIANCE '' , `` LIKE THE SOLITARY PINE '' , `` LIKE A STONE IN THE RIVER '' , `` LIKE THE WILLOWS IN THE WIND '' , `` LIKE A FOREST BOWS '' , `` LIKE A FLOWER '' , etc. . . You get the idea !!! They should change their name from Rush to `` LIKE '' !!! You can TELL that Neil did n't finish school . I think by about the 11th grade , English classes would n't ALLOW you to write such simple mindless idiotic similes or you 'd instantly fail the assignment . Lyrics so inane come across as being written in 30 minutes ... just in time to skip town to head back out on another Middle America hateride . Neil 's lyrics appeared `` intelligent '' when I was 8 . Funny thing is , however ... they did n't get gut-wrenchingly bad until around 1990 . I think Neil does it now on purpose just to fuel his own disdain for the fans -LRB- `` Let 's see what kind of crap I can write that these imbeciles will think I 'm God for writing ... they 'll fall for anything '' -RRB- . C'mon Neil ... the juvenile nature of your lyrics and uneducated writing style is beyond insulting at this point .4 -RRB- Geddy
 I 've recently been on a huge Rush kick , due to the release of their new documentary . For me , the best Rush is from Permanent Waves through to Presto . I had Roll The Bones when it was new , but only liked one song so it eventually ended up in my local used CD store . I did n't pursue anything from that point forward.Now comes the new documentary , ` Beyond the Lighted Stage ' . With the anticipation for its release , and being teased by the various snippets on youtube , I decided to start pursuing Rush 's music from Roll The Bones -LRB- again -RRB- onward . Well , it 's spotty for sure . RTB is still a terrible album , and Counterparts only managed three good songs . Test For Echo was better with a 50/50 split . Vapor Trails was excellent . Even though I prefer the ` New Wave ' influence on the 80 's albums , I love a good melody . Vapor Trails had a lot of great songs , though the worst sound quality in both mixing an mastering.Now on to Snakes and Arrows . I purchased and listened to this album at the peek of my newfound reinterest ... , and was terribly disappointed . Where Vapor Trails had great melodies and strong hooks , Snakes and Arrows has very few melodies and virtually no hooks anywhere . After repeated listenings , I managed to pull out two worthwhile tracks . ` Far Cry ' was a good choice for release , especially since it 's the only rock track worth more than a single listen . But the highlight for me is the beautiful and strong melodic hook of the somber ` The Larger Bowl ' . This sounds not unlike the Avant-Folk style of the more recent work by one of my favorite bands , Eyeless in Gaza . This song will go down as one of my all time favorite Rush songs , but it 's unfortunate that the rest of the album has little else to offer . Because of this weak latest effort , I 'm indifferent to future album releases . I 'll be sure to listen to lots of sound samples before any future purchases are made .
 The last GREAT Rush album was `` Hold Your Fire '' , and the two following it were ok . The last 3 , however , just do n't hold up to the classic Rush of the past , and `` Snakes And Arrows '' is no exception.The problems , as I see it , lies with the melding of the music and the lyrics/vocals . It sounds too unnatural and forced , and not in sync with each other . The best tracks here are the instrumentals , and I usually HATE instrumentals . The vocal tracks are all very similar as they just prod along , with the occasional moment that something exciting might be happening to a song , but then quickly goes back to the sluggish , generic , almost monotone singing that seems secondary to the great music behind it just waiting to leap out . Whatever Rush used to have , I do n't think they are capable of finding it again , and that 's too bad . I 'll keep buying , hoping , and savoring the 1 or 2 listenable songs on each future offering .
 Doesnt do it for me and I have tried hard to like it . Still I have tickets for the two jersey shows and I 'll see you all there .
 Was excited to hear this newer release . Played it in my car and it was absolutely depressing . Bitter lyrics and cup half empty point of view through out . I 'd be surprised if there was n't any suicide reports from people listening to this album . What were they thinking ? The songs are boring musically . Not much tho ' t put into their musical creativity . Rush needs to return to their roots . Mind you , this is difficult coming from a Rush fan of so many years .
 Rush is my second favorite band -LRB- after Gentle Giant -RRB- and I like every album they have made . One of the things that really sets Rush apart is their ability evolve their sound from album to album and in some cases , totally reinvent their sound but yet at the same time , still write good music -LRB- most bands who try this end up sucking -RRB- . While I consider their music from the 70 's and 80 's to be far superior to their modern stuff -LRB- which I consider to be from Presto to the present -RRB- , their modern stuff is still very good for the most part . Their modern music differs from their older music in that it is generally simpler , less dynamic , more layered , more guitar-driven , the bass is less influential , and the keyboards are considerably less influential -LRB- and in the most recent modern stuff , completely absent -RRB- . With all of this said , Rush is still creative enough even with this modern approach to be able to write some very good music.Snakes And Arrows definitely fits in with their modern era . However , I consider it worse than any of their other modern albums and therefore their worst album . Why ? Well , first of all , it basically sounds like Vapor Trails , Test For Echo , Counterparts -LRB- my former least favorite Rush album -RRB- , and Presto mixed together and recycled . There really is nothing -LRB- significant -RRB- new musically here . The new stuff that they do add is finding ways to water down and neuter their most recent past music -LRB- which did not need watering down or neutering -RRB- . The lyrics are also the most narrowly focused , most depressing from beginning to end , and least sublime of all of their albums.Far Cry , Armor and Sword , and Workin ' Them Angels all sound like songs from Vapor Trails with Far Cry being on par with the better songs of Vapor Trails -LRB- and being the best song on this album -RRB- and Armor and Sword and Workin ' Them Angels being near the bottom of a typical Vapor Trails quality song although not bad . With this said , Armor and Sword is a bit interesting in that the verses sound like something from Vapor Trails whereas the chorus sounds like something from Presto . It is a bit disjointed but not bad . The Larger Bowl sounds like something from Presto and is decent . Spindrift sounds like something from Counterparts and sucks -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- . It is very dissonant but yet lacks any of the qualities that makes a good dissonant song good . The Main Monkey Business sounds like an instrumental from Counterparts -LRB- with perhaps a slight touch of Roll The Bones -RRB- and I consider it the best instrumental of the album . The Way the Wind blows is perhaps the one song that I ca n't say which past album it sounds like it is from -LRB- perhaps Presto a bit -RRB- . That does not mean that it is a good song , though - in fact , I consider it the second worst . As the name suggests , the song totally lacks focus . Hope is a short , inoffensive instrumental that neither helps nor hurts the album as a whole . Faithless is the worst Rush song ever written . It basically has a slight Test For Echo sound but is ten times worse than anything from that album . Imagine the worst aspects of Test For Echo and Counterparts combined and multiply it many times . I would have given the album three stars if it were not for this one song -LRB- yes , it is that bad -RRB- . When I listen to the album now -LRB- which I have been doing every day since I bought it on the day it was released -RRB- , I now skip this song . The album would have been much better off with one less song -LRB- this one -RRB- . Bravest Face is significantly better and has very much of a Presto sound to it . I consider it the second best song from the album after Far Cry . Good News First is a bit difficult to categorize -LRB- like The Way the Wind Blows -RRB- but I think it has a mix of a Counterparts sound with a Presto sound -LRB- and a bit of Test For Echo -RRB- . It is ok , I guess , but somewhat disjointed . Malignant Narcissism sounds like an instrumental from Test For Echo and is good . We Hold On sounds like something from Vapor Trails with a bit of Presto thrown in . It is a good song and in my opinion , the third best of the album . I would much rather just review each of these songs on their own merits but hey , I ca n't help it that they sound to me so much like their recent past albums.While this may be my least favorite Rush album , if you are a Rush fan like me , it is still worth buying . After all , it is Rush :-RRB- . If you are a big fan of their newer music , you will definitely like this album a lot .
 I buy Rush records since 1984 , maybe earlier . I own all of their albums and many bootlegs from the various gold eras of the band . Each album Rush record I immediatly go and buy it , because I love the band . Each time hoping in the deep of my heart that the album would give me some of the thrills and joys Rush gave me in the past with true masterpieces . Unfortunatly , each time in recent years I ended up being VERY disappointed . Frankly this thing is boring me . Now each time I see a new Rush album on the shelves I think `` Gosh , ... another album from Rush ... I know I 'll not like it , I feel it , I fear it ... they are 20 euros in the trash , ... but I Know it , I have to buy it ... ok , let 's drink this medicine ... '' and I buy it . But this is not the way one should buy an album from a band he used to love so much . This music Rush is recording recently has no ispiration at all . The last three studio albums are mediocre . MEDIOCRE . This album makes no exception , it is flat , it is the same from the beginning to the end . And you can listen to it , one hundred times , it still sounds the same . Flat . The texture are nice , the sounds are nice , the album is well produced , but one thing lacks terribly
 For nearly 3 decades RUSH has been my number one band . But alas , no longer . After Neil got his head together and the band offered Vapor Trails , I was elated . I did n't like the album but I was just so glad Neil , Geddy , and Alex were back to making music , and that at least some healing had taken place and things were moving in the right direction . I did n't know what VT was going to offer and frankly I did n't care , I just wanted the individuals of RUSH to be happy , unified and ready.Bear in mind , I do n't offer this review lightly , I have listened to the CD well over 30 times , both in ambient conditions and with headphones.I waited with great anticipation for the next release which turned out to be Snakes and Arrows . Without going into a long winded , laborious review detailing the pros and cons of each song I will simply state the following in my humble opinion
 I 've tried to like this much anticipated CD . I really have . I do n't understand why the critics love this CD , and Rush is and has always been my favorite band . Aside from Far Cry , the remaining songs are plodding and the lyrics are unusually self-indulgent . The warbling vocals were grating to such a point that the three instrumentals could n't save this one for me . Sorry guys , but I just do n't get this release .
 Very dissapointing . Production is good , songs are boring and lifeless . Rush 's downward spiral continues . The last GREAT Rush album was ` Moving Pictures ' , the last GOOD rush album was ` Counterparts ' . In all honestly , the downward spiral for rush began with the song `` New World Man '' on signals . I had high hopes for S&A based on the hype and the tease opening seconds of `` Far Cry '' from their website ... wow ! could be like Hemispheres . Unfortunately , it was not to be . These guys just ca n't write good songs anymore and Geddy 's vocals are really starting to falter . How can these be the same guys that wrote ` Natural Science ' , ` Tom Sawyer ' , or ` The Trees ' ?
 Yah , yah , I 'm huge RUSH fan - all their cd 's - got suckered into the $ 100 tickets to the last few tours , etc. , etc.Let 's face it - a lot of the fans love their new cd 's which is fair and fine and a bunch just find the last few cd 's `` phone-in 's '' . I 'm not going to compare this to their moving pics periods , hemispheres , etc. -LRB- not fair -RRB- cause the band does evolve . But to what now ? Just old rockers making cd 's for their loyal fans . I like this a little better than Vapor Trails if that means anything . There 's a few actually good tunes on here -LRB- the instrumentals - the monkey song is great -RRB- but it is already collecting dust on my cd shelf along Vapor Trails . There 's Sooooo much more fun/better/relevant music out these days -LRB- and I 'm not just talking rockers -RRB- that I buy a new Rush cd , listen to it for a week or so and then move on ... . forever . Thank god for their back catalog !
 Rush is known for songs that have great lyrics and great melodies . I have n't found that in Snakes and Arrows . All I hear is a bunch of instruments that sound like they were blended in a digital food processor and spit out in some kind of smooth electronic stream . None of these songs are good , none could be sung along with in concert , none have catchy lyrics or melodies to them . I am a die hard Rush fan going back to my high school days in the early 80 's , and I am a huge Neil Peart fan , both his music and his motorcycling books . Therefore I am more dissapointed than most with this album .
 I wanted this release to be awesome . As a fan since the late 70 's and veteran of twenty Rush concerts , I 've watched this one time rock power trio spiral downward through the 90 's into nothing more than a `` has been '' group . The songs on Snakes and Arrows are too boring to tap my foot , air drum , or nod along with my head ala Garth Algar of Wayne 's World . And forget about singing along in your car like you did to Tom Sawyer or Spirit of Radio . Those songs were upbeat & happy . The latest tracks are predictable , mundane and forgettable.Rush became a household name due to the myriad of memorable guitar riffs like those from Working Man , Fly by Night , Freewill , Limelight and others . Ask any of the group 's longtime fans to name their hits from the 90 's , and it 's like a trick question . There just are n't any . And the group has n't done anything with this album to resurrect their sound back to the Glory Days.One wonders if they 've forgotten how or if they just do n't care after 30 years . `` Hope '' , a guitar instrumental performed solely by Lifeson , is the one exception on the CD . It 's refreshing because it does n't sound like Rush . It 's too bad the only decent track on the album is so short.Peart , the drummer and primary reason for the cult-like underground following , has been considered by many -LRB- including me -RRB- to be the best drummer ever . That makes it even more disappointing when one hears the intro to `` Armor and Sword '' , in which he obviously copied a groove laid down by one of his peers during the recording of his Buddy Rich Tribute.Lee 's vocals at times sound like bad Karaoke . The beginning of `` Bravest Face '' sounds as though he 's trying to invent a melody as he reads the lyrics for the first time . In fact , there are no melodies to stick with you after the album has finished . Nothing to remember , nothing to like , nothing to replay in your mind time after time.Don ' t waste your money on this one . Instead , buy anything from their 1974-1984 period . Because even after that music ends , the melody lingers on ...
 This is a real review , I work in Radio , and have gotten an advance copy . This album is very much like Geddy 's `` My Favorite headache '' combined with `` Vapor Trails '' . For some of you , that sounds like a good combo . It 's not . The album wanders all over the place , never picking up steam . The lyrics are very , very negative -LRB- `` I do n't have faith in faith '' -RRB- . The first single , Far Cry is a terrific song to start the album with . Enjoy the song , because that type of energy does n't re-appear at all here . If you enjoy instrumentals , this album may be for you . It features 3 -LRB- THREE ! -RRB- , and one of them is just Alex Lifeson -LRB- solo -RRB- . I am a long time Rush fan , and was hoping this album was a return to form . It 's not . The songs are disjointed , plodding , and soft . Please do n't read this review and assume I only like the old albums . Some of my favorites are Test for Echo , Presto , and Counterparts.Not my idea of Rush . Better luck next time , guys .
 To say that Rush blew it on this one would be the understatement of the year . I remember my brother -LRB- Also a Rush fan -RRB- told me that the highlights were on Rush 's website , and it was one chord ! I thought to myself ... uh oh . And I was right . The whole album is basically one chord , with a few tidbits added to the disc so you do n't press eject and throw this into the next hemisphere . I got my copy for $ 21.12 and could n't wait to here Alex Caress of the steel guitar , but hold your fire there Rush fan , There are no signals on this album at all , just a bunch of monotonous permanent waves.Also , as a counterpart , it 's not written that well either . Neil wrote in an interview that he was writing with Alex and Geddy over the phone , well hold your fire ! Maybe this is all due to a bad phone connection ! They should try a test for echo on that phone line . And a message to all Rush fans . It 's not always good just because it 's Rush . At least they should have the grace under pressure to apologize for this .
 `` Hello ? Yes it 's me , I 'm on my mobile . What 's that ? I 'm listening to Snakes and Arrows by Rush . What ? No it 's Rubbish ''
 Has anybody seen Rush ? Yes , that famous Canadian band that has been missing since Test for Echo .
 All I had to do was hear the samples to determine if this cd was garbage or not and sadly it is , I wo n't be purchasing or going to the trouble and expense of seeing Rush live this year , since Terry Brown 's depature Rush has been hard to listen to , I 'd give Carress of Steel more tribute than this effort , Vapor Trails was a noisy pile of trash that all of the long time fans felt obliged to endure and buy , Fly by Nite is still in my ears opinion the best recording of Rush to date , I am a fan since the mid 70 's and have seen them live numerous times , Farewell to Kings was a fantastic tour and recording , the sound live was phenominal and not noisy at all , Vapor Trails was awful , hated the dryers onstage , Wheaton does not not know how make drums sound good either , Alex played noisy trash all nite , the `` oldies medely '' was completely soul-less , all of us long time Rush fans who made Rush into the monster success they are have been short changed for the past decade and that 's being gracious , the meaty straight ahead Rock with the screeching vocals , cheesy cowbells , Zep/Cream inspired guitars , that 's Rush , this new stuff is for the birds ... come to think of it , they would n't like it much either , I 'm still a Rush fan but I have to go back a long way to find the gems .
 Disappointed in the album and their concert last year . They are adding venues for ' 08 . I 'll be passing . I am sick and tired of giving bands my money , so they can insult me , my nation , and my God . They have the `` Free Will '' to hate . I have the Free Will to pass.One reviewer asked why the critics loved this album . If you want to get noticed and to be loved by the liberal establishment , just do lots of what they did on this CD -- bash the above 3 items and bash them good . In case anyone does n't get it , America is `` We the People '' . When they bash the US , they are bashing all Americans . Some ally ...
 The new single does sound like a Vapor Trails track but less noisy . Noisy was in style at the time of Vapor Trails -LRB- e.g. the last Metallica album -RRB- . When a band is chasing styles that 's not a good thing . Far Cry was not good . It reminds me of other certain Rush songs where Geddy is bleating along and you 're just waiting on the riff to start again ... except there 's no riff ! Not good . I bought Vapor Trails and listened to it 5 or 10 times . It was n't bad but clearly not their best work . If you listen to 2112 and then the latest stuff back-to-back you 'll hear how far the mighty band Rush has fallen . More likely they 've just become old and run out of ideas but not time .
 You meen these guys are still around ?? They 've all got to be like 40 now . The music sounds tired and dated , just like the members themselfes !! The singer has the same nasally voise , the drumber knows no good beats , and the guityar player just sits there and hacks out a few useless sords . Its anyones guess just what these lyrics are suposed to be about !! Nothing I can relate to . Listen people , et some Fall Out Boy , My Chemical Romance , Death Can For Cutie , Korn , Linkin Park , Taking Back Sunday , Limp Bizkit , Kidd Rock , Drowning Pool and Staind for actual good musik !! Go Bengals , who dey!@!
 Is this the last Rush album ? I do n't hear any passion or technical excellence from Alex Lifeson 's guitar or Neil Peart 's drumkit . And Geddy Lee is bulking up on keyboards again , tsk tsk . His vocals have a whimper & whine that gets on the nerves . The mastering & mixing is below average . The sound is mushy , the songs are featureless . Vapor Trails signalled a downward trend . Snakes and Arrows confirms it .
 Ok look , i 'm a drummer and have been a rush fan for the last 25 yrs . i 've seen rush every tour twice in 25 yrs.All i have to say is -LRB- and trust me it kills me -RRB- this cd is terrible.No big hooks , no songs to make you say Wow ! that was cool.just plain boring vanilla.Iwasn ' t happy about their last `` cover `` album and was hoping this was something that would make up for that.I literally listened to this cd 6 times already and had to force myself to get through it.I even called other friends who are huge fans and they agreed.What happened ????????? I use to love every song from start to finish.Sorry but , it really hurts me to say that this is just bad.it 's sad looks like i 'll just keep going with dream theater and just discovered procupine tree . these guys are cool!to the past rush fans who just gave rave reviews c'mon are you serious ???? if you are rush fans you know this does not come close to anything they have ever done .
 After listening to this album countless times -LRB- 30 + -RRB- , I am left with the all too common and nagging feeling of what could have been . On S&A ; , Rush had to opportunity to really deliver , but just could n't , did n't , or would n't . In spite of their considerable talents , the album 's great intellectual themes and musical jewels , I have no choice but to give this release 1 star . In many ways , I consider this Rush 's worst album , only because of the obvious gap between potential and delivery.I respect what Rush was trying to do during this evolution and welcome their attempts at forging a new sound . They are great musicians , and the compositions on this album are complex , but unfortunately the product of their work , in its entirety , just plain fails . Alex is so strong on this album , taking the fore on almost every song , but it also feels that Neil has taken such a big step backward and that Geddy is barely holding on lyrically , that the combined effort just does n't exceed the sum of its parts.It is difficult to type this , but S&A ; is disappointing for so many reasons , and here are a few :1 . There is no cohesiveness to the album , apart from the honest , darker tone . Musically , there is little theme running through and joining the tracks together . The song order is just plain ineffective , particularly in the middle part of the album
 I love Rush . Not just the 70 's period of `` Tom Sawyer '' and `` Limelight , '' but all Rush . My favorite era is probably 80 's and 90 's , when the band was really mixing strong melodies with mature emotional content.I have no idea what this is all about . There 's no connection anymore . There 's no real soul to this disc . I feel like I 'm listening to a group of people trying hard to sound relevent . It 's heartbreaking . After all Neil Peart 's introspective -LRB- and somewhat pretentious -RRB- literary outings , I expected the music of Rush to grow . To reach new vistas . I hate to say it but I think the guys are just out of ideas . It certainly seems that way here . This is the first Rush disc I 've bought that I just ca n't listen to . There 's just nothing here . Sorry , guys .
 High-res 2-channel and 5.1 DD . That 's not a typo . They could n't even bother with full-bitrate DTS.I 'll leave it at that .
 I 'm going to say what many others have posted here before me
 What a disapointment . All the hype about Jennifer Hudson is a lotta garbage . I would rather watch Jennifer Holiday -LRB- original Effie -RRB- sleep than listen to Ms. Hudson sing these songs . Everything is scremed full throttle from this poor young girl . The two most offensive crimes she commits are in the beginning of family as she sings . . `` what about what I want . . '' Holliday barely whispered these opening lines and you felt the characters pain ... Hudson screams these lines like some angry nasty girl ... you feel nothing for her.Second crime is I am Changing ... after listening to it I was changing my mind about buying this CD . Full throttle from the beginning no where to go but a repulsive flat than sharp riffed up ending . . it was truly grotesque . Oh , and Eddie Murphy is lousy too . I love this music and they spoiled it for me .
 Just saw the movie and although the performers gave their best the musical score really brings the whole project to cheeseville . The music has that late 70 's early 80 's Broadway pop sound that can only be tolerated with a lot of glitzy stage distractions . Not once even in the soulfully sung yet very ponderous `` I 'm telling you ... '' could you imagine this music being written and performed by black americans in the 1960 's -70 's . Unlike pop music which does n't need to move a plot the songs here are drama ballad after drama ballad , really quite exhausting not inspiring .
 I just got the 2-disc Special Edition , Original Broadway Cast , Remastered & Brilliant !!! I was there for the Broadway Production & i do n't think any sountrack can compare to the original , especially this new Re-Mastered Edition.As you can see Amazon has already sold out the Broadway CD S.E.Call me jaded , but i would wait till the movie comes out to see if Beyonce 's DreamGirls even compares.That is for you folks that have seen the Original Broadway Production.Jennifer Holiday , Sheryl Lee Ralf & Loretta Devine & the rest of the Original Broadway Cast , The Very Best !!!!!
 Maybe many of the reviewers can not remember the original soundtrack with Jennifer Holiday . I certainly can and each time that I hear Ms. Hudson 's version of `` I am telling you '' , I have to turn the radio off because it is so bad . There is no comparison between the versions . It reminds me of Jay Anthony Brown -LRB- Tom Joyner Morning Show -RRB- murdering another hit . That is exactly what Ms. Hudson did . She murdered a classic hit.But I can not totally blame her because like other young artists , she is missing the true talent that her predecessors possesed . Aretha , Gladys , Minnie , Roberta , Whitney , Jean Carne , Melba ... These young ladies today are more hype than talent . I truly feel sorry for this generation .
 I was really very disappointed in this CD it was n't what I though it was . I would not reccommend this CD to anyone .
 WHAT ON EARTH HAPPENED ... this cd has bad breath.i loved te first bleach album space ... but this one is horrible.the only reason i gave it a 2 was because i really like the song super good fealing.personally the first album beats this one to death.dont get this cheesy album ... AT LEAST THEY PRAISE GOD
 I am sorry to burst the bubble but to see this record with a perfect 5star review is to me not right . This is a BORING BORING BORING record . I am glad someone else has enjoyed it because only recently have been able to finish it . I believe that 1star ratings should be as difficult to get as 5star ratings and this record is perilously close to 1star . This record is utterly lacking in creativity . It seeks to copy the generic nagging approach to altrock that certain bands -LRB- that i , appropriately enough , can not remember the names of now -RRB- have made good on a hit or two with in MTV Buzz bins . Amazingly , -LSB- Static -RSB- falls short of even this standard mostly because of pop `` melodies '' that are tired and uninteresting . Vocalist , Dave Baysinger , looks and sounds as if his lifelong ambition has been becoming the third Gallegher brother -LRB- of Oasis -RRB- . Let 's all pray for them .
 James Newton Howard is a great composer and he writes some excellent music for films . This , however is an exception . It is music that indeed fits the film perfectly and sounds great while the film is rolling , but on its own is not everything you would expect it to be . Howard scores this with the usual thriller scoring method used by most composers today , with creepy strings and punctuated brass hits here and there . `` Main Title '' sounds nothing like a trademark James Newton Howard theme with his signature on it . It did not leave any impression on me with no real theme to speak of , just some female soloist which is actually the highlight of the track . Cues such as `` Ever Been To Be To Belize '' -LRB- must be a misprint or something -RRB- and `` That 's Not Happiness To See Me '' contain nervous violins with choir and sampled percussion . The tension getting music appears in `` The Intruder '' , `` The Attack '' , and `` He 's In The Kitchen '' , with Herrmann like strings . Unless you are a true fan of thriller scores with no thematic material and a bunch of random noises , this score you should probably stay away from . Better James Newton Howard scores include `` Waterworld '' , `` Atlantis '' , `` Dinosaur '' , and `` Signs '' among others .
 I was highly disappointed from this lack of effort CD . I 've been waiting for Shawnaa to drop , since I heard her on Disturbing the Peace CD . Ludacris should have made sure that she had tighter beats to flow to . On everybody 's tracks , Shawnaa is always ripping it , but this was a total let down .
 I 've been a huge Shawnna fan since I heard her on all of DTP 's songs . She 's kills it on songs like R.P.M. and N.S.E.W. -LRB- and some others -RRB- where she just goes nuts . She didnt have very good beats to work with and I expected more fast songs besides Block Reincarnated and R.P.M. , and Posted which had all alredy been released.I feel guilty doing this but dont buy this CD . Just `` acquire '' these songs : - Weight A Minute - The Violin makes for a HOTTTTTT Beat . All my friends who didnt even know who Shawnna was like this song . -RRB- - Let 's Go - Pretty fast song-R.P.M. - Not a new song but its one of my favorites ever.Other hot songs with Shawnna : - Posted -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - Break Somethin -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - N.S.E.W -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - Pimp Council -LRB- Golden Grain -RRB- - Slum -LRB- 2 Fast 2 Furious Soundtrack -RRB- - Get The **** Back -LRB- Word of Mouf -RRB-
 Based on my star rating ... all I have to say is their really is `` Something About Remy '' cuz she 's who i 'm waiting for now.A month ago I was like man Shawnna is the hardest female out , she 'll eat Remy alive , blahzay , blahzay . MAAAAAAN when I heard this peice of crap album I was like what the H.E.L.L. was this girl thinking making this bullcrap album ! Her album was not Worth The Weight , so people , save your `` weight '' and spend it on somebody elses album . And if you already spent your `` weight '' on it like I did , u can go to a moms and pops store and sell it back like I did . u wo n't get all your `` weight '' back but at least you 'll get SOMETHING out of the album .
 this is almost the worst cd ever.this cd was a waist of plastic , they shold take all of these cds and recycle them.if could i would give this cd a neg 3 . DTP needs a new 1st lady.this cd wasnt worth the wait at all , some1 lied to shawnna , it was only 3 good songs , shake that s *** , u crazy and the song wit twista . this cd should of went on sale last week
 Every time a male rapper makes it big with his debut , usually the follow-up to his debut is a record by a group of his friends from the streets that he is going to put on . The group always has the same formula ; superstar rapper , his right hand man , the token female rapper & the one that never really gets any recognition , though that does n't mean he does n't have talent . Like Lil Kim -LRB- Junior Mafia -RRB- , Foxy Brown -LRB- The Firm -RRB- , Charli Baltimore -LRB- The Commision -RRB- , Eve -LRB- Ruff Ryders -RRB- & Remy Martin -LRB- Terror Squad -RRB- before her , Shawnna comes as Ludacris ' protegee from the Disturbing the Peace Clique . What takes the weight off the shoulders of a female rapper going solo for the first time is the fact that she was pre-exposed on her group 's record . Let 's face it , female rappers that come out on their own without this pre exposure never make it.Shawnna 's debut album , Worth tha Weight , is a decent attempt at the hip hop industry . The first single `` Shake that Sh*t '' with Ludacris was one of my favorite rap tracks from this year . And Shawnna , who may be to cocky for her own good , actually does have the skills to go solo . `` Let 's Go '' , `` U Crazy '' & `` Weight a Minute '' show that she does have a nice flow & rhymes ; however she is very repetitve . She repeats topics & lyrics throughout the record more than most hip hop artists ; and maybe because at 18 tracks she was trying to prove to much . Had the record been shortened the outcome might have been different.Also it 's too early for Shawnna to be trying to take spots . She calls Foxy Brown out on `` Let 's Go '' , claiming that even when Fox & her where on the same lable she was the only real chick , and that Def Jam knew it . This is a stupid move on Shawnna 's part , because even though Brown is merely 24 years old , she is a seasoned veteran and she is extremely skilled on the mic and to say that she would eat Shawnna alive is an understatement . Other mistakes Shawnna makes on the record is flooding it with interludes ; 5 total , and rereleasing previously recorded songs ; such as `` Dude '' -LRB- Remix -RRB- with Beenie Man , `` Posted '' -LRB- Remix -RRB- with N.O.R.E. , `` Block Reincarnated -LRB- Remix -RRB- '' with Kardinal Offishall & `` R.P.M. '' with Ludacris & Twista , which while are hot tracks they have no business being on her album.She also slips up on the `` ballad-rap '' tracks . Not many females can pull this off so she is n't alone but `` So Real So Right '' maybe one of the worst attempts at it . Overall the record really is n't too too bad and she does show promise , but I do n't think that this album was her best material that she could have come with . By no means is this a bad album ; but I was expecting better and I know that coming from Shawnna I can get it . The two star rating maybe a little harsh ; buy at your own risk .
 What did Shawnna do to get a poorly put together , rushed album out into the stores ? Shawnna is pretty nice on the mic , even though the pool of female rappers is n't that deep right now , but she did n't deserve this . Her first single off ` Worth Tha Weight ' was on point in `` Shake Dat Sh ** '' w / Ludacris , but the rest is pretty much scattered low filler material . `` R.P.M '' w / Twista & Ludacris was already on the ` Golden Grain ' album , but it 's a great song for the people who did n't here it . My favorites on this album are `` My Chicago pt 1 '' & `` My Chicago pt 2 '' , produced by B-Crucial , but here 's the thing-they 're both less than a minute long and are both the same beat , which wo n't cut it . DTP/Def Jam should have taken A LOT more time in gettin ' this album made , cause I 'm sure everyone who bought this got BURNED bad .
 I am very disappointed on this album . There are too many previously released tracks on this LP . There are four tracks that is previously released on this album . `` Posted -LSB- Remix -RSB- '' is the track that is previously released on the DTP compilation LP Golden Grain which is remixed which includes NORE on the remix ; `` RPM -LRB- feat . Twista -RRB- '' which is an another track previously released on the DTP compilation album ; `` Block Reincarnation -LSB- Remix -RSB- -LRB- feat . Kardinal Offishall -RRB- '' which is previously released from the 2 Fast 2 Furious Soundtrack . Last but not least , `` The Dude -LSB- The Remix -RSB- -LRB- feat . Beenie Man & Ms. Thing -RRB- '' the bonus track , is previously released from the Def Jam release Def Jamacia . She should replace new tracks on this album to replace the previously released tracks she placed on this album . I think the CD will sell better if she put new tracks to replace the previously released tracks.And another thing that disappoint me on this CD is that the production on this LP is very weak and it does n't fit on her lyrical skill . She needs some production that will fit her hardcore rapping skills . She has that lyrical content , but the production needs improvement.I also feel that the promotion of this LP was too weak and I think this LP will lack on some sales . I recommend I-20 's new CD , Self Explanatory , which released today , instead of this sorry CD . I heard that I-20 's CD is the bomb right out of the DTP click . Go out and get it!Sorry Shawnna , better luck next time!Stand out tracks : `` Let 's Go '' `` Shake That S ** t -LRB- feat . Ludacris -RRB- '' `` Super Freak `` That is the only tracks that are my favorite out of this CD .
 MAN LUDA LUDA LUDA ! I KNOW U SAID DISTURBIN THE PEACE BUT U OVER DID IT WIT SHAWNNA MAN ! I GOT DOGS BARKIN AND CATS HISSIN WHEN THEY HEAR THIS ALBUM . I DONT KNOW WHEATHER TO CALL ANIMAL CONTROL OR SUE U DAWG ! BUT CHECK THIS OUT DONT BUY THIS ALBUM . SHAWNNA IS NOT A RAPPER ! IF U THINK SHAWNNA A GOOD RAPPER THEN U MUST THINK G UNIT IS A CONFIDENTIAL SECTION AT AREA 51 . BUT PLZ GO GET LIL WAYNE -LRB- THE CARTER -RRB- HIS NEW ALBUM IS WORTH THE WAIT ! HE IS A LYRICAL BEAST . HE WOULD END EVERYONE IN DTP 's CAREER ! HE THAT RAW MAN SO TAKE IT HOW U WANT IT BUT LISTEN TO UR BOY ! I KNOW WAS GOOD THANK YOU ! YALL HAVE A GOOD DAY !
 I DONT EVEN WANT TO TAKE MY TIME OUT TO WRITE A FULL HELPFUL REVIEW ON SHAWNNA 'S `` WORTH THE WAIT '' . MAN I WENT OUT AND BOUGHT THIS ALBUM ON THE FIRST DAY , , I POPPED IT IN AND IMMEDIATLY I HATED IT ... ALL IM GON NA SAY IS THERE ARE TWO GOOD SONGS ON HERE AND THATS IT `` WHAT CAN I DO '' `` RPM `` I LOVE `` WHAT CAN I DO '' FEAT . MISSY AND JOHN LEGEND I THINK ... . IS A FUNNY , GREAT SONG ABOUT GETTING DRUNK , , , SHOULD HAVE BEEN A SINGLE ... THIS IS A VERY NICE SONG AND I PLAY IT ALL THE TIME ... SHOOT IF I WOULD HAVE KNOWN THIS , , I WOULD HAVE COPPED THE BOOTLEG , , I MEAN I LIKE TO SUPPORT OUR BLACK ARTISTS BY PURCHASING THE REAL COPY , , , BUT SHE TOOK THAT FROM ME AND IM PISSED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUT THIS ALBUM WAS NOT THE WAIT AND IT SUCKS AND I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED , , BECAUSE I USED TO BE A FAN , , NOW IM JUST AN ANNOYED CONSUMER WHO WANTS HER $ 14.99 BACK ...
 I like such compos by these guys as `` 1001 nights '' , `` Not the last goodbye '' . These are truly original , rhytmical & uplifting . On this CD only 2 covers - Wild World and Nature Boy - really deserve attention . Wild World show S&S 's best , it 's the best track . But other tracks feature somewhat dull & unoriginal _ usual _ guitar play . 1001 nights sounded better .
 The Amazon site lists this album `` Midnight on Cloud 69
 Do n't buy this CD and spend your money on something else worth your money . You only get two songs on this anyway . Hilary is the worst singer ever . I bet Hilary thinks she looks punk and goth on the cover . Lyk totalli ! ~ 111 . No .
 Well it seems that there is an epidemic of contradition that spread into -LRB- I will not say Queen -RRB- Latifahs body . Does anyone remember U.N.I.T.Y ??? preaching the etiquette of positivity and non-violence . Now she is name calling and has ODB -LRB- old dirty bastard -- for all that do n't know -RRB- calling her a b ** ch in an introduction to name calling II -LRB- do you remember `` who you calling a b ** ch . in all likelyhood this record will sell , to much of my displeasure , to people who want to catch the last glimpse of a fallen icon who was a symbol of hope and peace.What a shame !
 Whether you 're a James fan or not , why praise a greatest hits album without any new material ? If a band gets back together , it should ONLY be because they have something new to offer us . Anything else screams financial greed . Considering the high quality of Tim Booth 's recent solo album compared to ANY of his work with James , it 's easy to conclude that Tim is currently choosing financial incentive over artistic . I am a gigantic fan of Tim as a musician , but his bandmate on his recent solo album put it best when he stated that he was never a fan of James ' music -LRB- did n't think there was any groove , among other things -RRB- but still wanted to work with Tim . I am in full agreement ... Tim greatly inspired me in his work with Angelo Badlamenti and on his solo album , but outside of a couple good songs per album , each James record , to me , contains way too much filler . I realize the band has awesome chemistry , but I think Tim needs to move forward , and rehashing a bunch of tired songs is n't the way to grow as a musician .
 This album did n't impress me much . I think that that people that gave it five-star reviews because they were just really surprised that these hot Swedish babes could actually sing and play music . I found most of the music to be monotonous and boring , and the vocals were derived straight from Alice In Chains . Enjoy the album if you will , but I need more than good looking women -LRB- and they are -RRB- for music that I enjoy .
 I would have to give Freaks of Nature and Horror Wrestling 2.5 stars . This band seems to have wanted to be some kind of hard rock or metal act but comes out to be something else . I bought these CDs a few years ago and kept them for the few moments I like in the CDs and the fact that these are women . Unfortunately they never put out the better album I was hoping them to and I was left with sad and sleepy music . When I can name a dozen female acts that I really do like why would I have kept something that originally was supposed to rock but actually just ... who knows ? Depressing is one word I would use .
 After listening to this one time I put it back into its case and packed it away . I was looking for big band music , no words ... just the good old fashioned big band swing type music . If thats what you want , do not buy this !
 I tried to watch this film a few years ago and was bored to tears so I quit about half way through . I ended up reading the book instead and really liked it . So I decided to revisit the movie and watched the whole thing . I 'm afraid my initial impression was correct - it is really boring , and also frustrating to watch . It took the interesting straightforward narrative of the book and made it very confusing when it did n't have to be - a few simple scenes of clarification would have done wonders for the plot . If I had n't read the book , I would have been lost . I also thought the sex and nudity which were not in the book were gratuitous and distracting . The book wisely made the alien nonsexual , but the movie had him sexually involved with Candy Clarke 's character . The scene were he finally strips nude sans nipples , fingernails , contacts and apparently his penis and tries to have alien sex - whatever that is , the movie implied some kind of full body splooge fest - was pretty ridiculous . As was the scene where he rekindles his relationship with her , apparently with his fully functional prosthetic penis back in place . Bowie 's acting was fine , he was after all , born to play an alien - but Candy Clarke and Rip Torn were both terrible , and their characters were both grating and unsympathetic . The make up to age them was also really bad . Buck Henry was probably the most interesting supporting character , but the scene where he and his partner were thrown from a window was also ridiculous and made no sense in the plot of the film.Any reviewer that gives this film a high rating I question their planet of origin . If you 're from the planet earth , my prediction is you 'll also dislike this film . Read the book instead .
 Not recommend . Lots of nudity , including male and female full frontal . Confusing plot lots , lots . lots of dragging on . Weird sexual scenes that add nothing to the movie whatsoever .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Bowie 's sweet face as much as the next guy but , what was he thinkin ' ? I was really dissapointed . Not with the preformace , but with the story line . I started to see what was going on but , then the credits started to roll by . I think I had more fun looking at the box . I give one star for the effort and one star for the box .
 THIS is an abomination . Convoluted stories strobed about at random , crap acting , poor musical score , AND worst of all , NO resolution to any of the multiple story lines . Go ahead and waste 2 hours of your life if you have more time to live than the rest of us .
 It seems that on a technologically advanced planet in another solar system , having a drought means all the buildings disappear and you 're left with nothing for miles around except a mud hut . Then despite having less resources than an Ethopian desert dweller , you suddenly get in your low tech , driven-by-sail mud hut and trundle off to build a sophisticated spaceship which will then blast off to another planet . Or maybe you post your body via the ` transference of energy ' as mentioned later in the film . In which case , why not take your family and aunty Flo with you ? Yes , folks , we 're back in the land of bonehead film making.At various points throughout this ` startling ' opus , David Bowie continually stops to raise his nose and give a protracted sniff . The audience is aware of a similar smell throughout the duration of this pretentious stinker directed by Nicolas Roeg , a man forever failing to interest us in his pictures despite the head start of unusual subject matter . Bowie constantly gurns , most risibly before whacking some cookies off an oven plate in what passes for him as a petulant sulk . The funniest moment occurs when Bowie screams `` get out of my mind , all of you '' to a wall of television sets . Look , just get out of the chair and pull the plug , son . The title of the picture says you 're ` The Man Who Fell To Earth ' . It did n't mention anything about breaking your legs as well . I guess it was meant to be ` way existential ' or something.Elsewhere there is a great deal of nookie going on . Strangely , couples have a tendency to start rolling on the floor and screaming 'till their lungs burst , and all this before they actually climb into bed and have sex . Do n't ask me why , it 's the Seventies.Roeg obfuscates further with disappearing cars and an alien who talks in his sleep with someone whose standing clear the other side of a lake . A former cinematographer , his prime interest seems to be in producing a number of groovy images for a coffee table book rather than a coherent movie for the public.Bowie , failing to make us love the alien in this particular instance , informs us -LRB- less than portentously , to be fair -RRB- that ` everything begins and ends in infinity ' . Viewers unfortunate enough to encounter this laboured film will have no trouble getting to grips with this concept .
 nicholas roeg -LRB- director -RRB- and whoever the screenplay `` writer '' was blew this one . they turned one of the greatest novel of our time into a jumbled . dis-jointed , inaccurate and ultimatelydissapointing montage of confusing images and annoying sounds.i can only hope a director and screenwriter who actually READthis book and passed a test proving that they understood it willattempt to get this one right sometime soon .
 There must be some movie buffs out there who like this film for whatever reason , like it enough that this movie has been classified as a `` cult classic '' of sorts . Obviously this is a candidate for inclusion in the Criterion Collection , they have a cross selection of everything from the works of Bergman , Antonioni , Fellini , Godard to the bottom pit of hell with Michael Bay 's The Rock and oh dear god , Armageddon ! The Man Who Fell to Earth is therefore prime Criterion fare , but is the film itself any good?Nicolas Roeg is truly a pale imitation of a director . Has he ever made a satisfying film that was not deeply flawed ? This David Bowie vehicle is no different with it 's oh so 70 's mileau . I especially love how time changes throughout the film , you see characters getting older except Bowie who is an alien . Decades pass and the characters age but we are still in the 1970 's ! Awesome , really!It goes without saying that this film is another of Roeg 's many exercises or rather fixations on the concept of alienation and modern malaise , capitalism , consumerist spending , etc. . That these ideas are packaged so blatantly , -LRB- the movie about alienation with an alien ! -RRB- , and ineptly is shocking to connoisseurs of fine art cinema . If you want to watch great films about the concept of alienation in the modern world , there is no better director than Michaelangelo Antonioni with L'avventura , La Notte and L'eclisse for starters . Nicolas Roeg by comparison is painfully incompetent.The best part of this film is it 's sense of humor , it can be funny in a tacky , empty sort of way . Plus we get lots of nudity and sex , so that 's fun , supposedly . Directors by the 1970 's were over the whole censorship of the preceding decades and had as much nudity and sex in their art-house movies as possible , because lots of sex and nudity equals profound insight into the human condition ! Right ? Ugh ... The DVD is high-quality Criterion Collection work , but the quality of the movie is your call . I find it to be utter junk but worth a look , you may have a different opinion after this pretentious mess robs you of 2 hours and 20 minutes of your life . Nicolas Roeg is a fraud , we have to face up to it .
 I saw the movie first . It was marginal . I just finished reading the book . It is excellent . Sad that they did not do the book justice . The movie makers destroyed the story . A real butcher job .
 Some nice cinematography and a plot lifted from a classic sci-fi novel by Walter Tevis ca n't add much to this perverse and incomprehensible drama . I usually agree with Leonard Maltin , but he must have been watching a different movie . This is n't thought-provoking , it is nothing more than a bunch of trashy sex scenes loaded with nudity and rape . I ca n't understand one plot turn and trashy ex-rock star David Bowie looks like a dirty freak here -LRB- but maybe he is supposed to -RRB- . Movie is n't deprived of some interest , but I would n't recommend it . Why not watch the TV movie `` V '' for some inventive and watchable sci-fi . I was incredibly disappointed with this movie , and I will be sure to inform the store that I bought it from as soon as I return it . What a letdown .
 There are plenty of reviews below of the film , almost all based on the hatcheted edit currently available on disk . Roeg 's original cut was a triumph ... Criterion 's release will do it right , as always . Hold on until then .
 Good actor/bad movie
 I may not be the best one to review this movie as I saw it about 18 years ago . I was 12 and my mom rented it for me because she thought it was sci-fi and looked like something I might like . If she knew what she had rented she 'd have been horrified . Now I 'll admit I may have been too young to really `` get '' this movie , but I do remember it felt like it was five hours long and did n't hold my interest at all . The only reason I did n't turn it off was because I do n't walk out on movies . I kept waiting for something interesting to happen but it just dragged on . The main thing I remember about it is the multiple viewings of David Bowie 's Penis . Now I 'm not offended by male nudity , but this was kind of ridiculous . I would not suggest this movie to the average viewer and not even to the higher class viewer , which I consider myself to be . This is only for the real cult , art house followers so be warned .
 First off , let me say that I am a huge Bowie fan , owning and loving all of his original albums . But I simply did not enjoy this movie . Not at all really.The story itself is neat , but it takes , well , a paragraph to describe -LRB- which I 'll let you read in other reviews -RRB- , and then you 've got it . There 's nothing more to it , there are no plot twists , nothing amazing or new . The movie moves so slow , it seems to go on for hours , and it 's never exciting , just boring.The acting from all performers in the movie is just fine , but the way the movie was put together is pretty bad . The script is barely there at all , the cinematography is dull and unoriginal , the alien design seems much older than it is , and does n't impress . There 's also a lot of sex in this movie , which I have no objections to , but it 's put together in such odd ways , and never really makes sense that it 's in there.To put it simply , I guarantee you that if this movie did n't have David Bowie it would n't be remembered at all . The only thing neat about this movie is that I saw where the cover for `` Station to Station '' and `` Low '' came from . Sadly , you 're really not missing anything , but if you 're a huge fan like me , you 'll have to see it for yourself .
 Note
 I read the book that this movie is based on a long time ago and I thought that I would enjoy the movie . So , without having seen it before , I bought the DVD . What a total waste ... To put it another way , I have purchased 140 + DVDs and I consider this movie to be the worst . Specifically , this movie is too long and David Bowie 's character -LRB- the main character -RRB- is just too wierd .
 If you 're a huge David Bowie fan then you might like this flick - just to see him -LRB- and I mean all of him -RRB- in 1976 , with great hair , and those magnetic eyes . Other than that , this sci-fi self proclaimed `` cult classic '' will bore you to tears like Carson Daly 's absent personality . -LRB- I swear hes an MTV created robot . -RRB- This movie was so choppy and dragged out , with a bummer of an ending , that I briefly hated David Bowie . Briefly .
 Easily the worst movie I have ever seen . Nothing comes a close second
 I must say that I love David Bowie . But this movie is just not worth buying or even watching . It 's good if you like Artsy-Farsty movies that just do n't make sense .
 A movie is supposed to entertain , and enlighten , not confuse . Maddeningly incoherent plot , quirky and annoying camera work , terrible acting , especially by Candy Clark in bad adapation of her American Graffiti role - if she said , `` Tommy , Tommy ! '' one more time , I was going to scream ! The director should have been taken out back and shot ! Could have been a good film if the story was simply told !
 It took me a week to watch 1/2 of this movie . I kept falling asleep . I thought it was going to be very cool with a sophisticated science fiction theme and David Bowie . Perhaps I will watch the rest of the movie someday .
 wow this movie just olain out sucks . Old show , dry , sorry actors ! Just not worth the time.Total wast of time .
 Imagine `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' , but twice as long , with a less coherent plot , grating music , and even more howlers . It 's got assassins wearing matching gold-spangled motorcycle helmets . A university professor who insults his department head with impunity , then happily goes from banging coeds to living in a Quonset hut in the desert with nothing to do . Repeated images of people falling through space , some wearing shiny clothes . And best of all , a girlfriend for the spaceman whose only advantageous attributes are a love of gin and the ability to pick up a grown man ; too bad she never learned to call emergency services when someone has a massive , bleeding seizure . I could go on but this movie already sucked 21/2 hours of my life away .
 Having read the book before seeing the movie , I was incredibly disappointed . The film completely over-sexualizes everything , completely changing the point of the story . It 's pretty obvious in the book that the main theme of the novel is alienation . A big part of manifesting this theme was the fact that Thomas Newton was basically asexual . Betty Jo -LRB- whose name is inexplicably changed to Mary-Lou in the film -RRB- is clearly interested in Newton , but he is completely apathetic to her advances . By making a -LRB- very , very -RRB- prominent sexual relationship between Newton and Mary-Lou , Nicolas Roeg is making the concept of isolation less important . It 's the exact same case with Dr. Nathan Bryce ; in the novel , Bryce is a disenchanted , middle-aged college professor who sees movies by himself and wears tweed suits . In Roeg 's film , Bryce is a disenchanted , young college professor who has rape-fantasy sex with his attractive female students . Once again , Roeg trades Tevis ' theme for sex . Roeg also alters the ending . Here 's a SPOILER ALERT . In the novel , Newton 's eyes are X-Rayed even though he tries to tell the doctor he can see X-Rays . The doctor ignores him , and Newton is blinded . Later , when Bryce finds the blind , partly drunk Newton sitting in a bar , Newton offers him a large sum of money -- which he accepts . In the film , Newton 's eyes are X-Rayed and he tries to stop the doctor . The doctor does it anyway and we see Newton 's pain , but for some reason he is not blinded . When Bryce meets Newton in what looks like a rooftop cafe , he is neither blind nor intoxicated . And most importantly , Bryce does n't want his money.If you have n't read Walter Tevis ' novel , you may love this movie . Maybe if you 've read it you might love it as well . But do n't expect it to be as heart-wrenching . Do n't even expect it to follow the plot .
 I saw this when it came out -LRB- oddly , in German , where I was living -RRB- and as a big scifi fan who loved Walkabout , I wanted to see it again in English to get all the nuance . Alas , I found it positively boring and incomprehensible . An alien comes to Earth , though it is never explained what he is trying to do . He gets sucked into a relationship with an alcoholic waitress , becomes an alcoholic himself , and then becomes a prisoner of scientists.There are some tantalizing details , such as his flashbacks to his home planet , a desert , but overall it doens ' t quite get the viewer -LRB- or me -RRB- to the point that I could believe it while I watched it . Instead , I just found it weird and cryptic , less that it left things to the viewer to interpret than that it was not cogent and poorly fitted together . It also simply is n't entertaining whatsoever
 I was the Man Who Fell Asleep while watching The Man Who Fell To Earth . I kept thinking , I know there 's a story in there somewhere , why does n't the director just let it out ? I discovered through reading other Amazon reviews that this film is indeed based upon a very good book . Why director Roeg did n't just film the book is beyond my capacity . Instead , we get some jumbled mish-mash of fragments and ideas , with some gratuitous nudity thrown in every five minutes . On the positive side , the acting by David Bowie was actually quite good.I like esoteric films , and even saw the three-hour Solaris by Tarkovsky without falling asleep , but The Man Who Fell To Earth simply had too many undeveloped characters and ideas , confusing shifts in time and people 's motives , and was generally an experimental film that did not succeed . Having seen other Nicolas Roeg films , I know the guy can make a great film . With this one , he 's just doing his own groovy experimental thing , and saying a big F you to the audience .
 I noticed that when I watched the extras and I did some research on the movie that a whole lot of folks did n't read the book . I think that the saving grace of this collection is that they include Walter Tevis ' novel . I picked this up as a David Bowie fan , and I do n't like to admit to that because it 's pretty much stupid to pick up a film because your favorite musician is moonlighting as the star of the film . It was also made at a point where Bowie was at his most compelling artistically and 2 of his best albums lift images from the film for use as album covers.That means nothing because Criterion packed the novel with the DVD . I picked up the Criterion copy without having read the novel or seen the movie . I decided to read the novel first and it was one of the most arresting pieces of literature I have ever read . The story was simple , yet sublime . And the experience of reading the novel seemed to break the wall between the reader and the reading and it became a very experiental read . Some of the commentary on the story points out an existential underpinning to the novel and I believe it . You feel anxiety at times , as well as alienation and discovery . Again , very experiental . It functions as very meaningful art.On the other hand the movie , while on one hand rewrites the characters , the events , the plot , and even the purpose and aims of the novel , is also a stupid , stupid , stupid movie . I can imagine walking away from the movie thinking something deeper is going on , but it really is n't . You can see this by what they added to the movie . There are moments that they adapt dialogue from the book , but there are meaningless asides all over the film . It 's hard to explain , but absorb the novel and then watch the film and you can see how badly all the creative liberties were implemented . It 's crummy.Candy Clark and Rip Torn are both interviewed for the Criterion edition of the film , as is Buck Henry and the let you know that while they have n't read the novel before or since , the script was something special . Not all enigmatic art is good art , and not all abstract or experimental filmmaking is successful . Just read the book first and this wo n't seem like a negative review.Also , becomes an exercise in sexual exploration when that theme was not even explored in the novel . There is maybe 2 lines in the book that 're vaguely sexual . One of the most touching elements of Newton 's and Betty-Jo 's -LRB- renamed Mary-Lou in the movie -RRB- is the nature of their relationship . Betty-Jo comes on to Newton but her role is more maternal , her purpose something more innocent , yet devestating . The fact that they do n't cross the line says something deeper about the relationship . Bryce 's character does not include an array of disposable co-eds . He 's shaken by the death of his wife and feels shame and guilt for even ogling a woman while watching a movie . The screenwriter explains his adaption of the novel but he used the book in a very vague way , much how the Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter was made a silly commentary on uninhabited sexuality in a puritanical setting -LRB- with a 90 's twist ! -RRB- in the film version starring Demi Moore and Gary Oldman.So yeah . Blah blah blah . Read the book . This was by no means an exhaustive list of liberties taken and that kind of thing does n't bother me . It was just silly and I want as many people to know as possible that the film is completely shallow and has nothing of real value to say , at least nothing that the book did n't already say with greater lucidity .
 What is it with Criterion ? Yes , we are grateful for the DVD release of classics , obscurities and under appreciated gems but enough with the bloated prices already !!! I can believe that the rules of supply and demand dictate higher prices for Criterion 's releases as they will not sell like your average Hollywood blockbuster . And I suppose that a great deal of legal wrangling with estates and the like , not to mention actual film restoration and editing rev up their costs but $ 56.00 for The Man who fell to Earth ?! Come on ! Maybe a few less bells and whistles with each film . I could do without a commentary from some film critic or interviews with the director from some Belgian TV program in 1976 . Just give us the movies at a more reasonable price .
 I enjoy heady science fiction . Tarkovsky 's `` Solaris , '' Kubrick 's `` 2001 '' and John Boorman 's `` Zardoz '' always make my top ten list of sci-fi films . Nicolas Roeg 's `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' is in no way close in class to these other classics . It is far from a fascinating film . I 've seen it twice and it 's the sort of film which keeps you watching simply because you 're hoping SOMETHING is going to happen . Which never does . There is no sense of awe , mystery or tension in this film other than that sense of anticipation you feel believing you might be a scene away from a revelation . Unfortunately , that moment never arrives . What this film is an excellent example of is made-on-a-shoestring , freewheelingly vague , indulgent filmmaking typical of the `` outsider '' films of the seventies . Unfortunately , though , many of those film had some interesting elements , this film does not . It never delivers even a trace of accidental brilliance . Except for a fine cast -LRB- especially Candy Clark , who is reminiscent of `` Susan Alexander '' in `` Citizen Kane '' -LRB- in a good way -RRB- , this film would have not felt out of place at a drive-in beside `` The Legend of Boggy Creek . '' It 's really a very poor work of art , especially coming from Roeg . I suppose if you 're a cineaste , and want to fill out your film history , you might think you want to see it . But I would audition it at an art house before considering adding this to your collection . There have been few sloppier , draggy films made by a major filmmaker than `` The Man Who Felll to Earth . '' The cinematography is even lousy . I 'm giving it two stars , mainly for Candy Clark and Rip Torn 's performances . Oh , yes , David Bowie is rather awful , doing his impression of Andy Warhol from another planet . I know this is in the Criterion Collection - an amazing company - but do n't forget , they also -- for some unknown reason -- gave their wonderful packaging and transfer treatment to `` The Rock . ''
 This is certainly not a film for all tastes . If you like science fiction or David Bowie , go for it . But I ca n't say how it might affect you . My viewing experience was not pure , it was already influenced by a number of factors.What is it about ? Well , it 's about an alien from a faraway planet who travels to earth . Resources on his home planet are depleted and the planet has turned into something resembling the Sahara desert . TJ Newton is sent to Earth on a mission to find a way to save his planet and its remaining inhabitants.Directed by Nicholas Roeg , the film is strange , arresting , lugubrious , moody , at times annoying , unnerving , and convoluted . David Bowie was perfect for the role of the alien , T.J. Newton . His slender -LRB- rather , emaciated at the time -RRB- , boney , bird-like appearance already made him look otherworldly . Though the book by Walter Tevis is stronger and more moving -LRB- it 's a fairly short book - definitely worth the read , even more so than seeing the film -RRB- , the film - despite all its arty direction , is reasonably faithful to the story.I 've seen about 30 minutes of Walkabout , and I think the director sets the same , eerie mood . The cinematography - the colors and the natural settings -LRB- in the desert and the forests -RRB- - was ok . It adequately reflected the sense of isolation felt by Newton himself.Yet , the movie does a very poor job of explaining Newton 's purpose , which should have been brought to attention at the beginning . I can imagine a viewer who has n't read the book become rather frustrated as to what 's happening . And it 's too long . Some of the scenes are just useless . The sound quality is n't very good either.So why see it ? There are some very poignant , effective moments . In effect , it 's a story of a stranger coming to a strange land and the intense loneliness and isolation he feels . Would earthlings really treat TJ Newton the way those in this film did ? It 's ultimately a film about emotional connections and detachment.This film I think has a different impact for me , because I saw it conjunction with a number of things - namely , the Walter Tevis book -LRB- Tevis also wrote a book called The Hustler , which was turned into a film starring Paul Newman if I 'm not mistaken -RRB- and David Bowie . There was uncanny parallel -LRB- no doubt why they chose him -RRB- b.w Newton and Bowie , his former persona Ziggy Stardust , and b/w the film and his own life at the time.It 's an interesting film , but I 'd read the book first before considering seeing it . Sorry , this is a kind of vague recommendation , is n't it ? I think perhaps a less pretentious and well ... normal style -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- of filmmaking would have worked just fine . In fact the more I think about it , I 'd just read the book .
 After watching `` The Man Who Fell to Earth , '' I played the new DVD of `` All About Eve . '' Some contrast , eh ? There could n't be any two more-different films . Unfortunately , `` Eve '' shows rather harshly what is so very wrong with `` Man . '' -LRB- Hmmm ... -RRB- Remember the scene where Margo Channing is awakened at midnight by an operator announcing that her long-distance call to Bill Sampson is ready ? Margo knows nothing about the call , but gradually figures out that it was scheduled by Eve Harrington.Margo 's not happy about this , and as she hangs up and lights a cigarette , her facial expressions show that she 's finally starting to realize that Eve might not be a sweet ing&eacute;nue but a conniving little -LSB- female canine -RSB- . Margo says not a word , but we know exactly what 's going through her mind , courtesy of a talented actress . `` All About Eve '' is a Mankewicz talkfest , in which virtually everything is spelled out in the dialog , so this use of facial expression -- rather than words -- is surprising . But whether by word or expression , throughout `` All About Eve '' we are always aware of what the characters are thinking , and why.This is the problem with `` The Man Who Fell to Earth . '' Newton 's `` fall '' from advanced alien to feckless , affectless alcoholic is never properly dramatized . We do n't know his original mental state , nor do we see why the banality and materialism of human existence are so effective in pulling him down . The scenes that show how and why these things occur do n't exist . They were never written , and the director did n't seem to think they were needed . Yet they are the sine qua non of the story.It 's true that great works of art are often open to multiple interpretations . But deliberately making a motion picture ambiguous by leaving out critical information about a character 's emotional development does not add to its richness.The plot holes are annoying . Why is Newton -LRB- what an obvious name ! -RRB- prevented from piloting his space ship ? Who are the people who want to take over his company ? How are they able to get away with murdering the company 's president ? Why is Newton locked away and examined by scientists who are n't aware he 's alien?The film 's lack of scientific and technical logic also rub the wrong way . Why does Newton 's planet need water -- one of the most-common substances in the universe ? Why does n't Newton come to Earth in a reusable space ship ? And why is Newton 's first consumer product -- an instant-picture camera -- so drearily inferior to an SX-70 ? Perhaps the most disappointing thing about `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' is that it wastes David Bowie 's beautiful performance . The supporting performers are badly miscast and seem quite out of place.Watching `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' you come away with the feeling that Stanley Kubrick would have done it a lot better . Or at least more-interestingly . PS
 Amazon claims that this Fuel 2000 edition of Jazz as Played in an Exclusive Side Street Club , aka Little Girl Blue , the essential debut album by Nina Simone , is remastered -- but I beg to differ . I 'd heard a better sounding version of these songs from a different CD , and I bought this edition thinking it was the one I was looking for . However , the sound quality is pretty terrible . It 's not the worst I have heard , but it really does n't do justice to Nina 's beautiful voice and her piano playing , both of which should envelope the listener and not let go until the album is finished . I sold the Fuel CD and purchased the 2004 import CD by Snapper , offered here : Jazz as Played in an Exclusive Side Street Club . It is slightly more expensive , but it was remastered from the original session tapes -LRB- and sounds like it -RRB- . You can get it from the marketplace for much cheaper than the list price , so I highly recommend that you skip buying this edition and get the Snapper one instead.As for the album itself , I should n't have to say anything about it to convince you to buy a copy , but I will say this
 I watched `` When the Bough Breaks '' last night as an uncut , no commercials , cable TV movie.Up front , to give the movie credit , it was entertaining enough . No boredom . Just nagging thoughts.Too early in the movie , the parallels to `` Silence of the Lambs '' become very apparent . That started with the isolated underground captivity of the key informant/psych patient and continued all the way through the confrontation with the villain in the basement.But even before that comes the nagging impression that police department had simply not done a competent investigation . Does it really take a profiler from the state to see all these July 16 connections?Then comes the prosecutor 's nightmare . Ali simply breaks into the house without a search warrant . With all the things she sees , there goes any hope of a conviction . And this is a trained law enforcement officer?Does a trained law enforcement officer go into as dangerous an environment as that basement without notifying a dispatcher and asking for some backup ? Of course , having backup arrive from two miles away would have ruined the climax of the film.And so many loose ends ... -- The predominace of smoking , even extending to the child patient . -- Unexplained scratch-mauling of the profiler 's back . -- The disappearance of the police captain in the middle of the plot . -- The ability of a cop to so effectively hypnotize an autistic child . -- The question of the patient 's Jordan/Jennifer identity and reason for the wrist markings when the identity of the other twin seems so apparent.None of these mar the film 's entertainment value . It 's only afterwards that one feels diminished by a badly written screenplay .
 Whether you 're a James fan or not , why praise a greatest hits album without any new material ? If a band gets back together , it should ONLY be because they have something new to offer us . Anything else screams financial greed . Considering the high quality of Tim Booth 's recent solo album compared to ANY of his work with James , it 's easy to conclude that Tim is currently choosing financial incentive over artistic . I am a gigantic fan of Tim as a musician , but his bandmate on his recent solo album put it best when he stated that he was never a fan of James ' music -LRB- did n't think there was any groove , among other things -RRB- but still wanted to work with Tim . I am in full agreement ... Tim greatly inspired me in his work with Angelo Badlamenti and on his solo album , but outside of a couple good songs per album , each James record , to me , contains way too much filler . I realize the band has awesome chemistry , but I think Tim needs to move forward , and rehashing a bunch of tired songs is n't the way to grow as a musician .
 I bought this title because the one I really wanted , `` Cast Your Fate To The Wind '' is not generally available . Believe me when I say this title bears no resemblance to that one . It is cheesy , corny , and not enjoyable on any seriously musical level . Be advised .
 If you happen to be like me and love that scratchy old music then you may not like this one . Its the newer recordings and his voice does n't sound the same as it did in his hayday . Try Heigh-Ho Everybody , This Is Rudy Vallee , for the old stuff ... Happy Listening ! : -RCB-
 The cover picture on the CD indicated early Rudy but this was a mismash of the decades . If the cuts had been chronological it would have been better but they were n't and there are no liner notes indicating when any of the songs were recorded . If you want 50s Rudy you 're better off getting As Time Goes By a 56 reissue or Heigh-ho everybody this is Rudy Vallee , it contains cuts from 28-30 which is my favorite .
 This album did n't impress me much . I think that that people that gave it five-star reviews because they were just really surprised that these hot Swedish babes could actually sing and play music . I found most of the music to be monotonous and boring , and the vocals were derived straight from Alice In Chains . Enjoy the album if you will , but I need more than good looking women -LRB- and they are -RRB- for music that I enjoy .
 I would have to give Freaks of Nature and Horror Wrestling 2.5 stars . This band seems to have wanted to be some kind of hard rock or metal act but comes out to be something else . I bought these CDs a few years ago and kept them for the few moments I like in the CDs and the fact that these are women . Unfortunately they never put out the better album I was hoping them to and I was left with sad and sleepy music . When I can name a dozen female acts that I really do like why would I have kept something that originally was supposed to rock but actually just ... who knows ? Depressing is one word I would use .
 Another trying hard wannabe dance diva . She should stick to singing ballads .
 I 'm baffled by all of the attention being paid to `` Car Wheels . '' I 've been listening to LW since `` Happy Woman Blues , '' am crazy about the self-titled album and `` Sweet Old World , '' and have been eagerly anticipating `` Car Wheels '' for lo these many years . I love the writings of Faulkner , O'Connor , and Percy , grew up in the South , and all of my relatives still live on red clay roads on southern Ga. farms . `` Car Wheels '' fulfulls New Yorkers ' expectations of how Southerners are supposed to sound , and I think that 's why Northern critics like it so much . To these ears , it just sounds like a parody , about as authentic as Steven Spielberg 's depiction of the South in The Color Purple . There 's a stultifying sameness to the melodies , and the lyrics sound like they sprung directly from subconsciousness to paper without any intervening critical faculties . A big disappointment from somebody who ought to know better .
 We bought this CD after reading reviews at Amazon from professionals and customers . While we found the lyrics interesting and as full of sensory imagery as the title , Williams ' voice is monotonous and her delivery has a deadpan quality that we found particularly grating . There is too much sameness of tone , pace and content .
 For those of you who are purchasing Lucinda 's work for the first time make sure you listen to a sample . The music/beat is very good but the lyrics are odd/goofy and she has a very rough sound .
 Absolutely the worst recording I have ever heard . Makes me think I could do it better .
 Unfortunately Lucinda 's CD is recommended by Amazon.com -LRB- in this case -RRB- , and she may well be purchased by numerous tone deaf listener 's but unfortunately the vocals are horrifying . hate to burst your bubble . This ai n't music !
 Absolutely the worst recording I have ever heard . Makes me think I could do it better .
 I got this CD all sure that I would like it because of the great reviews and most of the people Lucinda Williams are compared to I love.I really was not impressed at all .
 I would agree that these are well written songs and musically they are terrific , however , Lucinda 's voice is TERRIBLE ! I liked the songs so much I kept listening to it hoping her voice would get better . No such luck -- it kills the whole thing for me . This one makes me wish you could return opened CDs .
 No doubt about it , Lucinda Williams is a legend . Or at least that 's what I was given to believe after hearing a feature about her on public radio . The clips sounded great , the radio interviewer was literally lost in the sound , frothing as he was from his Eastern-seaboard mouth , and besides that , critics nationwide were doing the full-tilt-Lucinda-boogie as well -- crowing , caw-cawing , braying and mooing that Lucinda is the reincarnation of a Bob Dylan who reputedly is n't dead just yet . So , like a good consumer hooked by all the hype , I bought the CD , and found myself at first , second and third listen still somewhere between mystified bemusement and frustrated disappointment . Not being a virgin to the progressive country ethos that honed and crafted Lucinda 's sound , I honestly expected something with a little more depth than what I heard . No doubt about it , the songwriting is technically proficient -- I 'll give the girl that much -- and the musicianship is dynamic and exceptional . But the lyrics ? They 're all repitition . Perhaps I just want to be amazed too much . Take the song , `` Greenville . '' Lucinda says , `` Go back to Greenville '' about thirty times in about five minutes time . Although that might mimic how a woman might feel in trying to get her lunk-headed boyfriend to listen for a second , or at least long enough for him to figure out where he 's at with her , I think Lucinda could have done a lot more with the chorus . She does the same thing on the title track , `` Car Wheels On a Gravel Road . '' Like her , I know the nuances of that wonderful sound . That sound can mean plenty . It carries a lot of emotion . So where is it ? Show us , tell us , Lucinda . The best song of the lot , however , has got to be `` Drunken Angel . '' From personal experience as a Texan who has been to Greenville more times than I care to admit , I can attest to the fact that they all hail from down here . The song made me think about the time a woman from Greenville told her ex-husband that she was taking me to the movies , and out of jealousy , I suppose , the guy followed me all over Deep Ellum one night . Lucinda , I have got to admit , that 's what I told the guy .
 I 'm consistently suprised at the groupthink mentality , whether it 's popular music or alternative . Lucinda Williams was one of the best CDs I 've heard and I 've listened to it regularly over the last couple of years . The songwriting on this one does n't compare . A lot of people want to like this CD and fewer actually do . The lyrics are overly repetitive and it does n't have near the soul of her previous work .
 If you 've heard and enjoyed Lucinda Williams on a previous album , do n't buy this one . After a long wait , this monotonous , boring , hackneyed collection of songs is a major disappointment . The worst thing anyone can say about music -LRB- any type -RRB- is that it all sounds the same . It usually means the listener is totally alienated . That 's how this latest release affected me . My advice , buy any other Williams CD -LRB- self-titled , Sweet Old World , etc. -RRB- and you 'll hear an artist who cared about her music . This release is instantly forgettable .
 What , prey tell , is all the fuss about?I bought this album with great expectations , only to find it uninspiring and monotonous.Is there something I am not getting here , or is the success of this album just another example of hype at its most effective.I 'll stick with `` Sweet Old World '' thank you very much .
 After hearing 1 track from her cd on the radio , I bought it thinking that it was going to be a really great collection . Boy was I wrong . The entire album -LRB- with the exception of Ca n't Let Go - which she did NOT write herself -RRB- really stinks . I have extremely varied tastes in music and pride myself on loving everything from blues , country , rock & roll to classical -LRB- with the exception of rap -RRB- . But I have to say , that this cd has got to be one of the worst collections of incoherent ramblings I have heard in a long time . Every song sounds like the one before it . It amazes me that so many people love it . You ca n't really follow the melodies - there is no structure to the songs . I am looking forward to selling this one back to the store .
 I am amazed at how such poorly crafted lyrics could make it in the big time . The singing is affected indeed . Whiney 90s style . Backed up with a good band , however , I could write a better song sitting in the bathroom with my son pounding on the door !
 This recording was repetitive , flat , and monotonous . The bottem line , it just is n't country . It was a total waste of money and will cause me to think twice before I order over the Internet .
 Grating , monotonous voice . No melodies . Shockingly poor lyrics !!! The band is the only redeeming feature . I do not understand the hype ... there are far , far better songwriters and performers out there that deserve this attention ... It does n't even deserve one star ...
 I 'd never before heard of this artist , but bought the CD at the recommendation of amazon.com . -LRB- I even bought one to give as a gift ! -RRB- The music is fine , but her performace sends shivers up my spine . I took the CD to work , and three co-workers felt the same . Obviously we are missing something ... what ?
 `` Car wheels on a gravel road , car wheels on a gravel road , car wheels on a gravel road , car wheels on a gravel road . '' I enjoy southern imagery but that is all we get here - imagery , not much substance . Good band , good production , unique vocal performance , but unremarkable songs .
 This album contains perhaps the broadest range in music in recent memory , ranging from fantastic to unbearable slop . `` Ca n't let go '' and `` Joy '' are excellent songs and since this is not a one-hit wonder cd , you probably wo n't go too wrong buying it just for those two songs , which are great hard driving blues songs with nifty slide guitar work . However , the bulk of the rest of the album is incomprehensibly boring , slow , dreary country pop . This album is a prime example of why so many women musicians fail to live up to their real potential
 This has convinced me to get Real Player and never buy another CD without listening to it . With all those five-star reviews , I anticipated getting this wonderful CD . My first clue should have been the sticker on the front that referred to her `` rough-edged '' voice . I did n't find it pleasant -- sort of a sleepy and monotonous -- like a gravel road . How appropriate ! If you prefer listening to someone who sounds like they enjoy music and life , do n't buy this .
 I 'm really baffled by the great reviews of this record . Williams ' voice is horrible . It 's not that her voice is unpolished ; Dylan , Steve Earle , and many others pull off less than perfect voices by the strength of their delivery . Williams tries too hard to sound soulful , ending up sounding desperate , grating . The melodies are flat and uninteresting , and the lyrics are uninspired . Skip this and pick up a Steve Earle , or Blue Rodeo CD for some great `` American '' music .
 I have enjoyed Lucinda 's work in the past , & looked forward to this one after all the rave reviews . Musically , there is n't much of interest . Her stories may be interesting , but this is n't a book . As music , it 's kind of boring .
 Years in the making , enduring endless rerecordings and producer switches , this album arrived to no end of hype . Sad thing is , all the energy people devoted to it before it came out must have made everyone think they had to continue the hype even after finding out the album simply is n't very good . Williams ' voice notwithstanding -LRB- too many criticisms of her focus on that -RRB- , it 's her writing that is poor . For a poet laurate 's daughter , you 'd think she 'd be able to venture beyond cliche and half-baked ideas in her writing . Critic David Fricke called this the `` Blonde on Blonde '' of the '90s . Revoke his license .
 I had n't heard too much of Emm before I bought the CD and now I know why . I think this is one of the worst CD 's I 've heard in a long time . I 'm very open to new music , especially new female talent but I could barely get through this one . I thought if I listened to it more , it would grow on me . That did n't happen . Her depressing and confusing lyrics made me want to throw myself out the window .
 Very , very poor sound quality ; almost inaudible . Sorry I purchased CD . Do not buy !
 It was like someone scratching the chalk board .
 This was obviously recorded at a concert with poor sound equipment and shows it . I am very disappointed in the quality , worst I have ever had .
 Over the past 50 years , there have been literally hundreds of thousands of albums released , in all musical genres . While The Village People can be fun at wedding receptions , bachelor parties , or anyplace where large amounts of alcohol are consumed , hearing them always takes me back to my number one musical philosophy ... Life is too short to listen to bad music .
 lame , untalented , corny , pathetic , i will take the worst song from any hard rock band before anything from these bozos , the 1970 , s were zeppelin , sabbath , kiss , uriah heep , james gang , aerosmith and alot of others , these fruits !
 What , prey tell , is all the fuss about?I bought this album with great expectations , only to find it uninspiring and monotonous.Is there something I am not getting here , or is the success of this album just another example of hype at its most effective.I 'll stick with `` Sweet Old World '' thank you very much .
 If you 've heard and enjoyed Lucinda Williams on a previous album , do n't buy this one . After a long wait , this monotonous , boring , hackneyed collection of songs is a major disappointment . The worst thing anyone can say about music -LRB- any type -RRB- is that it all sounds the same . It usually means the listener is totally alienated . That 's how this latest release affected me . My advice , buy any other Williams CD -LRB- self-titled , Sweet Old World , etc. -RRB- and you 'll hear an artist who cared about her music . This release is instantly forgettable .
 After hearing 1 track from her cd on the radio , I bought it thinking that it was going to be a really great collection . Boy was I wrong . The entire album -LRB- with the exception of Ca n't Let Go - which she did NOT write herself -RRB- really stinks . I have extremely varied tastes in music and pride myself on loving everything from blues , country , rock & roll to classical -LRB- with the exception of rap -RRB- . But I have to say , that this cd has got to be one of the worst collections of incoherent ramblings I have heard in a long time . Every song sounds like the one before it . It amazes me that so many people love it . You ca n't really follow the melodies - there is no structure to the songs . I am looking forward to selling this one back to the store .
 I am amazed at how such poorly crafted lyrics could make it in the big time . The singing is affected indeed . Whiney 90s style . Backed up with a good band , however , I could write a better song sitting in the bathroom with my son pounding on the door !
 This recording was repetitive , flat , and monotonous . The bottem line , it just is n't country . It was a total waste of money and will cause me to think twice before I order over the Internet .
 I 'm baffled by all of the attention being paid to `` Car Wheels . '' I 've been listening to LW since `` Happy Woman Blues , '' am crazy about the self-titled album and `` Sweet Old World , '' and have been eagerly anticipating `` Car Wheels '' for lo these many years . I love the writings of Faulkner , O'Connor , and Percy , grew up in the South , and all of my relatives still live on red clay roads on southern Ga. farms . `` Car Wheels '' fulfulls New Yorkers ' expectations of how Southerners are supposed to sound , and I think that 's why Northern critics like it so much . To these ears , it just sounds like a parody , about as authentic as Steven Spielberg 's depiction of the South in The Color Purple . There 's a stultifying sameness to the melodies , and the lyrics sound like they sprung directly from subconsciousness to paper without any intervening critical faculties . A big disappointment from somebody who ought to know better .
 Years in the making , enduring endless rerecordings and producer switches , this album arrived to no end of hype . Sad thing is , all the energy people devoted to it before it came out must have made everyone think they had to continue the hype even after finding out the album simply is n't very good . Williams ' voice notwithstanding -LRB- too many criticisms of her focus on that -RRB- , it 's her writing that is poor . For a poet laurate 's daughter , you 'd think she 'd be able to venture beyond cliche and half-baked ideas in her writing . Critic David Fricke called this the `` Blonde on Blonde '' of the '90s . Revoke his license .
 Grating , monotonous voice . No melodies . Shockingly poor lyrics !!! The band is the only redeeming feature . I do not understand the hype ... there are far , far better songwriters and performers out there that deserve this attention ... It does n't even deserve one star ...
 I 'd never before heard of this artist , but bought the CD at the recommendation of amazon.com . -LRB- I even bought one to give as a gift ! -RRB- The music is fine , but her performace sends shivers up my spine . I took the CD to work , and three co-workers felt the same . Obviously we are missing something ... what ?
 `` Car wheels on a gravel road , car wheels on a gravel road , car wheels on a gravel road , car wheels on a gravel road . '' I enjoy southern imagery but that is all we get here - imagery , not much substance . Good band , good production , unique vocal performance , but unremarkable songs .
 This album contains perhaps the broadest range in music in recent memory , ranging from fantastic to unbearable slop . `` Ca n't let go '' and `` Joy '' are excellent songs and since this is not a one-hit wonder cd , you probably wo n't go too wrong buying it just for those two songs , which are great hard driving blues songs with nifty slide guitar work . However , the bulk of the rest of the album is incomprehensibly boring , slow , dreary country pop . This album is a prime example of why so many women musicians fail to live up to their real potential
 This has convinced me to get Real Player and never buy another CD without listening to it . With all those five-star reviews , I anticipated getting this wonderful CD . My first clue should have been the sticker on the front that referred to her `` rough-edged '' voice . I did n't find it pleasant -- sort of a sleepy and monotonous -- like a gravel road . How appropriate ! If you prefer listening to someone who sounds like they enjoy music and life , do n't buy this .
 I 'm really baffled by the great reviews of this record . Williams ' voice is horrible . It 's not that her voice is unpolished ; Dylan , Steve Earle , and many others pull off less than perfect voices by the strength of their delivery . Williams tries too hard to sound soulful , ending up sounding desperate , grating . The melodies are flat and uninteresting , and the lyrics are uninspired . Skip this and pick up a Steve Earle , or Blue Rodeo CD for some great `` American '' music .
 We bought this CD after reading reviews at Amazon from professionals and customers . While we found the lyrics interesting and as full of sensory imagery as the title , Williams ' voice is monotonous and her delivery has a deadpan quality that we found particularly grating . There is too much sameness of tone , pace and content .
 For those of you who are purchasing Lucinda 's work for the first time make sure you listen to a sample . The music/beat is very good but the lyrics are odd/goofy and she has a very rough sound .
 No doubt about it , Lucinda Williams is a legend . Or at least that 's what I was given to believe after hearing a feature about her on public radio . The clips sounded great , the radio interviewer was literally lost in the sound , frothing as he was from his Eastern-seaboard mouth , and besides that , critics nationwide were doing the full-tilt-Lucinda-boogie as well -- crowing , caw-cawing , braying and mooing that Lucinda is the reincarnation of a Bob Dylan who reputedly is n't dead just yet . So , like a good consumer hooked by all the hype , I bought the CD , and found myself at first , second and third listen still somewhere between mystified bemusement and frustrated disappointment . Not being a virgin to the progressive country ethos that honed and crafted Lucinda 's sound , I honestly expected something with a little more depth than what I heard . No doubt about it , the songwriting is technically proficient -- I 'll give the girl that much -- and the musicianship is dynamic and exceptional . But the lyrics ? They 're all repitition . Perhaps I just want to be amazed too much . Take the song , `` Greenville . '' Lucinda says , `` Go back to Greenville '' about thirty times in about five minutes time . Although that might mimic how a woman might feel in trying to get her lunk-headed boyfriend to listen for a second , or at least long enough for him to figure out where he 's at with her , I think Lucinda could have done a lot more with the chorus . She does the same thing on the title track , `` Car Wheels On a Gravel Road . '' Like her , I know the nuances of that wonderful sound . That sound can mean plenty . It carries a lot of emotion . So where is it ? Show us , tell us , Lucinda . The best song of the lot , however , has got to be `` Drunken Angel . '' From personal experience as a Texan who has been to Greenville more times than I care to admit , I can attest to the fact that they all hail from down here . The song made me think about the time a woman from Greenville told her ex-husband that she was taking me to the movies , and out of jealousy , I suppose , the guy followed me all over Deep Ellum one night . Lucinda , I have got to admit , that 's what I told the guy .
 I 'm consistently suprised at the groupthink mentality , whether it 's popular music or alternative . Lucinda Williams was one of the best CDs I 've heard and I 've listened to it regularly over the last couple of years . The songwriting on this one does n't compare . A lot of people want to like this CD and fewer actually do . The lyrics are overly repetitive and it does n't have near the soul of her previous work .
 I have enjoyed Lucinda 's work in the past , & looked forward to this one after all the rave reviews . Musically , there is n't much of interest . Her stories may be interesting , but this is n't a book . As music , it 's kind of boring .
 Absolutely the worst recording I have ever heard . Makes me think I could do it better .
 Unfortunately Lucinda 's CD is recommended by Amazon.com -LRB- in this case -RRB- , and she may well be purchased by numerous tone deaf listener 's but unfortunately the vocals are horrifying . hate to burst your bubble . This ai n't music !
 Absolutely the worst recording I have ever heard . Makes me think I could do it better .
 I got this CD all sure that I would like it because of the great reviews and most of the people Lucinda Williams are compared to I love.I really was not impressed at all .
 I would agree that these are well written songs and musically they are terrific , however , Lucinda 's voice is TERRIBLE ! I liked the songs so much I kept listening to it hoping her voice would get better . No such luck -- it kills the whole thing for me . This one makes me wish you could return opened CDs .
 Given the glowing reviews here , on Pitchfork , and elsewhere , I expected something completely different . This album is horribly dull . His previous album , `` Three , '' is much more creative and interesting .
 Now this is a real disappointment , and I even bought it a full price . I saw it on the list of Down Beat 's Album of the Year and bought it without thinking twice about it . A far cry from `` Always Say Goodbye '' , which is in a similar laid-back style . And an even farer cry from his duo record with Kenny Barron , `` Night and the City '' .
 I had n't heard too much of Emm before I bought the CD and now I know why . I think this is one of the worst CD 's I 've heard in a long time . I 'm very open to new music , especially new female talent but I could barely get through this one . I thought if I listened to it more , it would grow on me . That did n't happen . Her depressing and confusing lyrics made me want to throw myself out the window .
 This has to be the worst guitar video EVER!Craig just plays a bunch of real fast stuff and does n't slow anything down or explain anything.Also , this is called `` Hard Rock-Heavy Metal Lead Guitar '' and he puts a LOT of emphasis on the rhythm part to the song `` Dream Evil '' . GREAT song , but I can learn it through tabs if I wanted.The box says that is has hammer on and pull off exercises when it does n't and it does n't have ANY tapping licks.If you are an intermediate metal guitarist like I am , skip this video and get Paul Gilbert 's `` Intense Rock : Sequences and Techinques '' . It is a bit pricey , but it is well worth it .
 There 's been a glut of sound-a-like R&B acts , and Miss Jones is no different . It 's better than her radio show , but that 's not saying much . For an album with her name on it , surprised she does n't have any racist lyrics to deliver here . There are a number of talented R&B singers who do n't get the airplay , do n't get the sales . Try Ayo 's album instead , now she 's a talent .
 I looked for a long time for the song ... This Time of the Year . When I orderd this CD , there was no mention of this song being sung in a jazzed up version of the original classic . I was extremely disappointed and never listen to this CD . I did email -LRB- twice -RRB- explaining my dissapointment . No refund was offered.I finally found another site where I could purchase the song . The person sent me both the CD and the single and in addition to that , sent a sound bite to be sure he had the version I wanted . He did and I 'm thrilled with the original recording .
 Not a good collection of his music , but it came in good condition at a good price .
 I enjoyed Brooke Shields in The Blue Lagoon , so I ordered a VHS copy of Endless Love to see more of her . This movie has a low-budget quality to it , including grainy picture with poor sound . Others have laid out the plot and I agree with those who pointed out the weaknesses , which made it difficult for me to watch all the way through . Sex and love can get confusing , because before long a pair-bonding type of addiction occurs . Too bad this basic message gets lost in the crazy plot of this chick flick.My experience of dating the girl next door -LRB- both of us previously married -RRB- is one example of the addictive nature of a sexual relationship
 If the love of your life was just kidnapped and tortured to death , your dog had just been run over and killed , and your doctor just told you that you have both AIDS and Ebola , this might be a good time to see this movie . Even with all your bad news , you could still feel good that you were not the producer or director of this movie . This movie is a triple threat
 I have no idea why this film is practically out of print & why it 's so expensive when it 's so indescribably awful . I also have no idea why so many people love this film . I purchased a copy of it recently to see what the hype was all about -LRB- e.g. the rumor floating around that it had a lot of sex in it & my parents forbidding my older sisters to see it in the ' 80 's . This was surprising since my parents were pretty lenient in letting us watch almost every movie we wanted to when my sisters & I were growing up -RRB- . To my dismay , the sex scenes really did n't show that much . The only decent things I can say is that the cinematography is good -LRB- e.g. the orange lighting in the scenes where Jade -LRB- Brooke Shields -RRB- & David -LRB- Martin Hewitt -RRB- are making love . Martin Hewitt is great eye-candy for the female viewers in this film.The film 's not even so bad it 's good . I did recently watch `` I Love the ' 80 's Strikes Back 1981 '' on VH-1 & was amused by how awful the stars on the show said it was & the jokes they made about it . The acting is awful by everybody & no one is really likable in the film . Jade 's parents are morons . The father tries to be cool & smoke grass & drink alcohol with the kids . He usually ends up making a fool out of himself , dancing around idiotically . Basically , he 's only nice when he 's under the influence . Jade 's mom struggles to sputter out easy sentences & sayings , souding like a child learning Hooked on Phonics & is so sex-starved that she tries to pull an a la Graduate & make it with David . Jade 's older brother -LRB- James Spader -RRB- is not happy with David dating Jade even though he introduced the two!Brooke Shields disturbs me in this film . I always got the feeling that she was exploited in this film -LRB- as she was in many others when she was young e.g. Pretty Baby as a 12-year-old prostitute , The Blue Lagoon in which she 's way too young to be wearing barely nothing & having sex -RRB- as some unstable , young nymphomaniac who acts much younger than 15 . This is especially evident in the rape scene that was so nauseating I had to fast forward past it . It 's long after David has intentionally set fire to Jade & her family 's house & they meet up again a couple of years later & he rapes her , making her demand over & over again to proclaim his love to her & she 's crying . Afterwards , she 's still on his bed , acting flirty & nonchalant as if nothing happened . What a f@#%*# up scene!After the scene I just mentioned , I kept on fast forwarding through the film to stop the madness & because I really did n't care what would happen . I just wanted it to end . Does it have a point ? Maybe it does - that arson will not win back the heart of the girl you love ? Or maybe that obsessive love will , most likely & almost always , lead to tragic consequences ? But who really cares any way ? I suggest you save your money & rent better films about obsessive love like the uncensored version of 91/2 Weeks & the 1st version of Romeo & Juliet .
 i bought this dvd and now cant play it because its an import united kingdom and will not play on any of my players it will not recognize us format
 This dvd would not work - When I tried to play it -LRB- I tried in 2 different dvd players and a computer -RRB- and the screen would say : copied dvd not licensed to play -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . After the fact I realized it said : NON-USA FORMART -LRB- ? -RRB- . I would never order an video from this company again . And I hate having to go through the return process too-such an inconvenience .
 This film is inconsistent in many ways . Set up as a forbidden love story between two teen agers bitterly opposed by the father of the girl , the film stops making sense that you realize that the girl 's family is supposed to be a bunch of progressive ex-hippies who encourage their children to experiment and hold wildest parties on the block . Why hate the kid when he is trying so desperately to become part of the clan ? The enemy number two is the girl 's brother , who happens to be this guy 's best friend who introduced him to his sister in the first place!Beyond that the film starts falling apart . Father forbids them to see each other for a month because of the girl 's failing grades , and the kid goes bonkers and sets the house on fire . The obvious question is , why are n't they talking in school , and what sort of friendship is it that ca n't survive a thirty day separation ? Unless the guy is obssessed with the girl and the girl is not interested.Whatever merits the original novel had got lost in this screen adaptation . No reason for the attraction is given , nor does the film show any relationship between the two beyond sexual attraction . The girl 's folks are not at all recognizable as former hippies , but you can definitely see traces of old world aristocracy in them , with the duck hunting and with pretensions to preppiness and upper classdom , why then did they introduce the kid to the girl in the first place , by a jealous brother no less ??? Finally , the film disgisted me because the guy is clearly a stalker and the girl is objectified , and the whole affair is shown as GREAT LOVE ! On a couple of occasions the guy forces himself on the unwilling girl and they explode into passionate lovemaking . In the final analysis the message in the film validates every stalker in that the object of their obssession will yield to them in the end if only they get through to her against all odds and against all reason . Except in this story the stalker is the hero and a victim .
 You have to be kidding ! Maybe endless therapy is a more telling title!Though the book was an international bestseller the movie is only a shadow of what Scott Spencer wrote . Endless Love had the potential to be another Love Story but Franco Zeffirelli did n't pull it off . Perhaps the passage of time makes the film seem shallow and morbid in its sappiness but what comes out on the screen is two love-crazed teenagers driven to distraction . A 15-year-old girl is best off forging a solid core identity and not having emotional turbulence that young romantic love provokes . A 17-year-old boy about to graduate high school should be looking towards his future . The parents are as much to blame in the story line for their lack of guidance and misunderstanding about the overwhelming feelings teenage hormones have on adolescent minds.If you like sappy romance without the strength of acting , dialogue , and a decent story ... . Endless Love is your tale . Otherwise ... just get over it . There are better told tales of the heart out there.Suggestions
 I was about 16 years old when this movie was in the movie theaters and being a fan of Brooke Shields I watched Endless Love and I actually liked it but unfortunately I let some people convince me that it was n't a good movie to like but now that I 'm older I find that I like this movie again and think it was good so I 'm editing an older review that I wrote in which I gave it a low rating of two stars but I now would rate it 31/2 stars .
 how can i review the movie Endless love when i cant seem to get help to buy it !! how do you buy this movie ??? HELP !!! if you cant buy it now WHEN ????
 Ringo Starr was not a bright man . Nevertheless , he was the second drummer for The Beatles.Ringo was never quite able to fill the shoes left by original drummer Pete Best . But the Beatles made due with Ringo , and had continued success , even without Pete.As a life long Beatles fan , I decided to buy Horizontal Man * shortly after it was released . I listened to it once , and ca n't imagine ever listening to it again . It is terrible . There are no good songs on the album , and the drumming is awful . * Although I have n't seen it in awhile , I 'm pretty sure that my copy of this album is titled ` Horizontal Man ' . It 's probably an import or something .
 Ringo is the best but this album is terrible really . Most of the songs have the same beat , there is no cool to it , everything sounds so crowded and noisy . Since I could n't find more than a couple of likeable melodies on this album , I started to hate Ringo 's band , I find their way of playing loud , hysterical , unrelaxed , hurried and senseless , In my opinion those lamers did n't give a chance to the potentialy best drumming in the world become what it could , but anyway , do n't expect a sound masterpiece and you might be fine with it . There is one great , great , great song on this album .
 aside from playing with the Beatles what else has Ringo Starr done worth noting musically ? he 's not Quincy Jones.all the talent in the world ca n't cover up how run of the mill he is.George Harrison can write a little bit.he is at least so-so . but if you do n't know it 's time to know that it 's downhill after Lennon & Mccartney.they had & have all of the main talent from the Beatles.Ringo Starr is the Yoko Ono of the band .
 There 's been a glut of sound-a-like R&B acts , and Miss Jones is no different . It 's better than her radio show , but that 's not saying much . For an album with her name on it , surprised she does n't have any racist lyrics to deliver here . There are a number of talented R&B singers who do n't get the airplay , do n't get the sales . Try Ayo 's album instead , now she 's a talent .
 After listening to this one time I put it back into its case and packed it away . I was looking for big band music , no words ... just the good old fashioned big band swing type music . If thats what you want , do not buy this !
 Be warned
 pienso que fue un enga & ntilde ; o , este cd no tiene nada que ver con el Gran Txus Di Fellatio !!! mi dinero se fu&eacute; por el ca & ntilde ; o : -LRB-
 Not the funniest of the Nichols and May albums , this is the duo 's first CD . It consists of various piano pieces which they use as a springboard to launch into improv sets . None of them really made me laugh out loud , but more than one are oddly touching . Recommended for enthusiasts .
 Hey the one that said that It 's not true to me.Hello ?!?!?! Look at what the people are saying!Some or alot are saying she is Fake!So please be quiet .
 DO N'T BUY THIS ! She looks so fake on the cover . I bet she thinks she looks punk and gothy . But no , Hilary , you 're not either of those . You 're FAKE . The music is also bad , since it 's so computerized and she 's not even singing .
 Hilary super sucks ... I do n't know why everyone on T.V. always say
 Hilary is so Fake !!!!! I know , It 's my opinion!That 's what a review is about!She is so Fake .
 Well it seems that there is an epidemic of contradition that spread into -LRB- I will not say Queen -RRB- Latifahs body . Does anyone remember U.N.I.T.Y ??? preaching the etiquette of positivity and non-violence . Now she is name calling and has ODB -LRB- old dirty bastard -- for all that do n't know -RRB- calling her a b ** ch in an introduction to name calling II -LRB- do you remember `` who you calling a b ** ch . in all likelyhood this record will sell , to much of my displeasure , to people who want to catch the last glimpse of a fallen icon who was a symbol of hope and peace.What a shame !
 This dvd was a bit of a disappointment . From the cover -LRB- showing Big Bird -RRB- , I expected so see a lot more muppets than are on this dvd . It 's almost entirely a group of PEOPLE from the neighborhood sitting around a piano and singing.My son is very young -LRB- 41/2 mos . -RRB- and he gets interested in the muppets , not so much the people - especially when the people are n't really `` doing '' anything but standing around singing.He much prefers the Sesame Street `` Hoot and Holler '' dvd , which is a lot of muppet animals singing songs and doing other things . That one keeps his attention and makes him smile!The other frustration with all of the Sesame Street dvd 's is that , before you can select `` play '' or chapters , etc. , they show an `` ad '' for the sesame street program that you can not skip over or fast forward . So you have to watch it every single time , on every dvd , and wait for it to finish before you can actually push the button to start the actual play . Also , the function for selecting songs -LRB- chapters -RRB- only shows the first half of the dvd unless you fast forward to the middle first .
 a little disappointed in this , thought it be better , it isnt horrible but its short , old and not real good for a toddler
 I think it 's ok , but not that good
 Thank god i got this by mistake and got a refund ! I am an Amon Duul II fan but this is a BAD album with nothing to remind you of their great past works . Beware . For completist only !
 While one is never surprised with the one or two -LRB- usually -RRB- out of place and sub-par `` message '' songs Ricky likes to throw in each album , the overall lack of passion on this CD is a great surprise and disappointment.Looking for a first time Skaggs bluegrass purchase ? Consider Ancient Tones or Soldiers of the Cross . Both exemplary .
 Skaggs has done some of the most electrifying bluegrass around . But precious little of that is to be found here . About enough for two stars , and that is three stars too short . Too many smarmy pieces of garbage . If you think you are about to get some great bluegrass here , listen before you buy .
 In 1975 Ricky was the best bluegrasss tenor singer since Bill Monroe . We were captivated . Now he 's become a self-righteous preacher . We are saddened , disappointed and simply not interested.The instrumentals are great , there 's no doubt about their collective talent , they are instrumentalists of the year . It 's the poor songwriting that makes this album not worth it .
 One or two words to describe this album by the `` Mighty Skaggs of Joy '' . Ho Hum .
 There 's been a glut of sound-a-like R&B acts , and Miss Jones is no different . It 's better than her radio show , but that 's not saying much . For an album with her name on it , surprised she does n't have any racist lyrics to deliver here . There are a number of talented R&B singers who do n't get the airplay , do n't get the sales . Try Ayo 's album instead , now she 's a talent .
 I think it 's ok , but not that good
 Midlake 's `` Van Occupanther '' is simply awful . The best songs on this album sound like the worst of the Fleetwood Mac catalog after ingesting poisonous mushrooms : `` While we were out hunting for foodour house was being robbedI caught an apple and she caught a foxso I caught a rabbit but she caught an oxso upon our return , we found everything gonewhich for us was no lossand we started overwith a rabbit and an ox `` Lyrics like these are written for drunken minstrels in a reproduction of Mel Brooks ' `` Robin Hood
 I was blown away by `` Roscoe '' , then I heard `` Head Home '' and thought both these songs were quite catchy ; provocative intro and verse , melodic chorus , pretty transitions , memorable hooks . I bought the album and heard the rest , what a disappointment . Most of the songs just dragged on monotonously . The album became an exhausting repetitive whine fest . I tried to listen to it again thinking I would hear something I missed , nope . The more I listened to the same 2 alternating chords -LRB- which is what most of the songs sounded like -RRB- , the more painfully bored I got , it 's like I 'm hearing the same song with different lyrics 10 times in a row . The hooks/accompanying instrumentation did not add any spectrum or dynamics whatsoever . If you like Roscoe , just buy the single , or the first three songs . Everything after that -LRB- except for In This Camp -RRB- is not worth it .
 Be warned . This cd is so boring that I have not yet succeeded in keeping my concentration focussed long enough to get to the far end . My mind wanders and there I am , thinking about washing the car or cleaning shoes and ... brought back to what I am doing I find that a few tracks have gone by without a trace - at that point I always give up . Life is too short .
 I bought `` Hello Nasty '' without being familiar with their previous material and think it 's wonderful . Then I got this and wondered how they ever came to be so big.There 's some good stuff but mainly it 's repetitive and uninspired . A few rhyming lines and a beat does not music make.I think the album is arranged chronologically , and it definitely gets stronger as it progresses , so maybe I 'm missing the point .
 I am a fan to the end , but I am not impressed with Alive . It seems that the B-Boys came up with it from scraps of Hello Nasty . However they threw it on the Sounds of Science to sell their fans a reason for buying a Greatest Hits album . Why do these guys need to give us a Greatest Hits collection ? The album should be re-titled `` Sounds of MTV '' This album is targeted to all the Eve 6 and Blink 182 fans . Come on Boys , earn our money give us some new tracks , leave the greatest hits compilation albums to Def Leppard and Poision .
 I am a fan to the end , but I am not impressed with Alive . It seems that the B-Boys came up with it from scraps of Hello Nasty . However they threw it on the Sounds of Science to sell their fans a reason for buying a Greatest Hits album . Why do these guys need to give us a Greatest Hits collection ? The album should be re-titled `` Sounds of MTV '' This album is targeted to all the Eve 6 and Blink 182 fans . Come on Boys , earn our money give us some new tracks , leave the greatest hits compilation albums to Def Leppard and Poision .
 Waste of money ! And i got it on sale ! I simply love them but what happened ? I didnt even nkow the CD came out . . i walked in the video store saw it on the shelves and did n't even bother to see what songs were on it because i assumed , hey its the Beastie Boys of course the Cd is gon na rock ! I got home ... song after song i listened and grew more disappointed . Not saying i didnt like some songs which i did . Got a new taste from them that i already loved from other bands . But it just didnt have the spice of their best songs ! Sorry ...
 I 've deleted at least ten of the crappier songs from my MP3 rip of my CD . Damn - regretting that I bought this one now for * sure * .
 I 've only got one thing to say about this collection , it 's a stab in the back to Beastie Boys fans who 've already bought all the Beasties ' earlier albums . Their real fans already have half the songs on this set but still have to pay for a double album if we want to get all the new or previously unreleased tracks on it.Shame on you , Beasties . I know you have the clout to keep this kind of thing from happening .
 There are too many songs not included in this compilation . Unless your a diehard fan who has to have everything that the Beasties release , buy the original records . The majority of their debut album , Licensed to Ill -LRB- Paul Revere , Hold it now hit it , No sleep til Brooklyn , Rhymin & Stealin ' , She 's Crafty , and The New Style -RRB- is not on this and that doesent make any since . Not to mention songs from Pauls Boutique - Looking down the barrel of a gun , Car Thief , and The Sounds of Science -LRB- the title of this compilation ! -RRB- . Where is Finger Lickin ' Good from Check Your Head ? How about The Test from Hello Nasty ? There are many songs on here that were not even popular or that great . The only thing special here is the previously unreleased music but definitely not worth the 25.50 for both CDS . Way too much missing . To be honest , the Beasties dont need a compilation all of thier records are good and worth buying .
 this stuff is terrible . save your money
 ok , this is weird . This was supposed to be a greatest hits package . And , with two cds , there should n't be anything left out . But they do n't put `` Girls '' or `` Paul Revere '' on , but put some songs that were n't even hits ! -LRB- Three Mcs and One DJ -RRB- , plus the new songs that blow , such as `` Alive '' . All in all , not a good buy . Get License to Ill instead .
 how could a certain music group put out a collection of their greatest hits and name this collection of hits the THE SOUNDS OF SCIENCE without including a very great song on theirs sharing the same name ? that hardly makes sense to me ???
 First , The Beastie boys should n't even be a band . I 'm not sure why they even are trying to make this album alright . I embarass myself listening to this cd around people . all they do is shout like a bunch of fools and nobody understands a word they are saying . Do n't waste your time or money on this or any of their cd 's . Stick to Ice Cube baby .
 If you are into the Beasties enough to consider buying this album , you probably have all their main releases . Stick with them . The `` unreleased material '' is unimaginative re-mixes off of `` Hello Nasty '' with a few punk songs gratuitously thrown in . If you are die-hard , have an extra $ 20 , and nothing else is catching your eye , it does have a cool 80 page book with good stories about the songs ; But it ai n't Check Your Head .
 ic has some good music but i would not buy it because he is not real his beats sound the same and he just fits into the same spot every other average rapper does but he just needs to work a little hard on the next cd and find a different producers change up a littlebig mike
 I think that the Verdi of DFD is the worst in recording 's history ! His Rigoletto , Jago , Macbeth , Renato , Rodrigo are all very bad . DFD is not a verdian baritone
 Subpar sound mars an otherwise fine recording of two of jazz ' great stars
 Love Marlene Dietrich but the quality of the CD is abysmal . The music fades in and out , the sound is of poor quality and it does not sound like the Dietrich I heard for many times in person as well as on recordings .
 I own the AC/DC BOOM BOX that Albert Productions released and if this version is anything like mine -LRB- mine is all the studio albums up until The Razor 's Edge -RRB- Then I would pass because the albums do come with their own cases , but the covers are different then the individual releases , for example , TNT does not have the lyrics and photos like the origional release , all they have is a picture of the front and back , and most of them have only one sheet!I was disappointed , if I knew I would have bought them singly , it 's about the same cost anyway , plus no COLD HEARTED MAN ! -LRB- WEA Atlantic only -RRB- Awesome Band , but a RIP OFF !
 A two star cd by Peter Rowan ? Well , here it is . It 's difficult to tell what Rowan was attempting to accomplish with this 1982 album . Some tracks have a bit of 1950 's rockabilly feel , some are non-descript early 1980 's rock , and a few -LRB- Fool Myself Again , Call It Love , and Primavera Dell ` Amore -RRB- are somewhat bizzare . At least the weird stuff is more of what you might expect from Rowan , and probably the only ones you 'll care to hear repeatedly . As a fan , it 's an interesting album , but not one that matches his usual high standards .
 Sadly , `` Christmas in the Northwest '' is the only song on this CD worth listening to . Just buy it from Itunes or Rhapsody for $ .99 and save your money .
 Songs from the bottom of the Punk barrel , sloppy playing , `` lyrics '' barked by a man with no vocal talent at all , unbelievably bad sound quality and the most juvenile and lavatorial subject matter ever - all imply that this sorry album has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Anyone who suggests that the legacy of GG Allin is a gutsy example of extreme counter-culture has a far greater love of social anthropology and artless misadventure than music . You want primal musical extremity ? Check out early Swans or Einsteurzende Neubauten - give this pretender a miss .
 Is how non-scary and non-frightening he really was . Ooo , he really shook society 's pillars , did n't he ? Allin was basically an obscure walking train-wreck who simply was a little more noisy about it . The extent of Allin 's threat to society only ranged as far as his throwing arm could ... Nevertheless , if you * must * own one of his records , this is a good one . Allin 's various back-up bands all sound like the same bad Stooges cover band , but the song intros are hilariously stupid .
 This is truly a sad & disgusting CD , filled with vile and degrading lyrics that anyone with a four-letter vocabulary could easily write . Amazingly , a label produced it and people buy it . Do n't waste a nickel on this noise .
 This is truly a sad & disgusting CD , filled with vile and degrading lyrics that anyone with a four-letter vocabulary could easily write . Amazingly , a label produced it and people buy it . Do n't waste a nickel on this noise .
 Attention
 His most recent work is on an self-titled album called Tiny Town . He shares lead vocals with the former lead singer from the Subdudes . If you miss Pat 's music in your life ... this recording will do your soul good .
 This is a 1991 release obviously made long before Pat found his solid clean sound . If you are a fan you will recognise a number of the songs , but barely . Overproduced with a bad horn section . Avoid this mistake .
 When I saw that Carter released a new CD , I was quite excited and quickly snatched it up . Unfortuantely , Carter spends the entire album flaunting his skills by constantly screeching his horn , popping the reed , and all other assortments that , by themselves , give a solo an added touch , but when together as a complete solo , just make it disgusting.Though I still really enjoy James Carter as a musician , I feel like he could have done much better . Carter really disapointed me here . Instead of spending the album showing off to his audience , he needed to just concentrate on making music .
 This would be a great Cd if the songs listed where on the Cd.But they are not . I have Five copies of this cd and songs on the Cd arethoses found on More of the Best . It would appear that Laser Light really screwed up on this . Do not buy this CD .
 I do n't know about anybody else , but when I rent -LRB- or purchase , in this case -RRB- a movie that has anything to do with Playboy , I 'm pretty much looking for one type of movie . I do n't really care about the plot , I do n't care about the musical score , nor do I care about the acting . Which is good , because all of the above were crummy . Stacy Haiduk and Ron Silver appeared to give some form of effort , but everyone else , even Suzy Amis -LRB- granddaughter in Titanic -RRB- , appeared to be sleepwalking through their roles.I 've always been an admirer of Stacy Haiduk , ever since her days on SeaQuest . I thought
 I 'm a retired law enforcement guy . There is a murder and the first thing I 'd do is look for is `` who get 's the money '' . The title is `` The Beneficiary . '' In this movie they never tell you who get 's the money . They know , but never tell you until the movie is 3/4 over -RSB- bad investigators I 'd say -RSB- and you 're supposed to be hooked on how good the female part of the detective 's act is . She 's blonde -LSB- In a Playboy Made Movie -RSB- so that 's explains it , but then you see her acting smart yet totally missing the point . This is a Playboy movie and of course seeing the Logo you have to realize that blondes are bimbo 's . It sells magazines , but it did n't sell me . Les Barba
 Worst Accept album ever . I have been a huge fan of Accept since I discovered their albums in the import section of Easy Street Records -LRB- the same people that funded Queensryke 's first album -RRB- . Something , ok , everything is missing in this album . Unless you need every album , pass on this .
 I have been a long time Accept fan since I first heard them at high school , but I must say that this album is nowhere near as good as their previous releases . The production sounds great and there are some good things about the album , but in general I think it lacks consistency.I love the opening track `` Hard Attack '' , it 's a real hard rocking a #s kicker ! It has the great gang vocals of classic Accept and rocks on in the AC/DC or Krokus sounding style . Unfortunately the rest of the album does not come close to being as good.The next track `` Crossroads '' is the next best track with Udo and bassist Peter Baltes sharing the vocals.Others which are ok are `` Lay It Down '' and `` It Ai n't Over Yet '' on which Peter sings lead vocals -LRB- he sounds like a cross between Paul DiAnno & Gene Simmons -RRB- , and another couple of rockers with Udo again - `` Do n't Give A Damn '' and `` Run Through The Night '' . However even these are nothing outstanding.The rest of the tracks are just fillers which should not have been put on an album . I think that they would have been better off holding the release of this album until they put some more better songs on it to give it more consistency . To me it sounds like a band who have lost direction and are about to go their separate ways.If you wanto to get into Accept , check out albums like `` Balls To The Wall '' , `` Restless & Wild '' , `` Metal Heart '' & `` Russian Roulette '' . I do n't think this album is worth getting -LRB- despite the great opening track -RRB- unless you are like me and want to complete your Accept collection . Thankfully Udo has gone on to release far better albums with his new band .2.5 stars for this one I reckon .
 I think that `` Bye Bye Blackbird , '' to me , just sounds like a couple of people , all playing different music , put together to make a song . I think it sounds awful , to say the least , but that 's just my opinion .
 Subpar sound mars an otherwise fine recording of two of jazz ' great stars
 This is not a gripe about Wunderlich , one of the greatest IMHO . It is about the EMI folks , who obviously think that song texts are irrelevant . Well , how do you know if the singing does justice to the text ? And if you think that these texts are easily available elsewhere , I would be most thankful if you would share with me Lehar 's `` Das Land des L `` achelns '' Kalman 's `` die Zirkusprinzessin '' or Neuendorff 's `` Der Rattenf `` anger '' .
 The album shows that the band sorely lacks any real depth as performers and songwriters . Hearing them live and in then on this CD makes you wonder what all the fuss is . Being politically correct is saying you have to like them because they are `` multi-cultural '' , but the song writing is weak , they have no real `` lead '' singer of any quality , and the horns are out of tune on every track . Their is a lot of studio wizardry and production help -LRB- from a very able producer -RRB- that makes this collection palatable to a degree , and from a lighter stand point , is n't any worse or better than most hip-hop groups around today . But the overall CD does not even come close to the media hype given to them , but again , an overdose of affirmative action-related attention seems to be the principle reason for all the nice things that have to be said about them . Almost a sad commentary about American `` Latin '' music that this seems to be all there is to talk about . Maybe next time ...
 Station to Station , Low , Let 's Dance ; these are the classic Bowie albums . Heck , even Outside was great . But Reality is just a horrible album . It 's not like I want it to be horrible . I wish it was a great album , but wishing wo n't make it so . The lyrics to Never Get Old are absolutely laughable . I love Bowie but not every album he 's done is great . You guys should learn to accept that . The only readon I gave this two stars was because it has ` Days ' . One of Bowie 's most sincere songs . A song which many of you overlooked in your glowing reviews in favor of such turds as Never Get Old . Maybe ballads are what Bowie should be doing now . He still has such a lovely voice but he rarely uses it with any conviction any more .
 I just recently felt compelled to write a review of this for some reason.I 'm a huge fan of this man , so I 'm biased . His innovative notecombination/chord structure stylings are unparalleled in pop music.I , like many other `` critics '' , try not to compare albums . I just look for creativity . Ok , Reality , the latest offering . To be blunt , -LRB- and I 'm sorry to say , as I wanted to love it -RRB- it 's not very creative from a note perspective . The tone colors are unique , but the notes themselves are n't . Not a bad album , just not the kind of innovation we have come to expect -LRB- expectations = murder -RRB- . As some reviewers have mentioned , I was surprised at the lack of emotion on this . Themelodies are fairly flat at times -LRB- `` New Killer Star '' , I 'm looking at you ; this song isbarely listenable ... -RRB- and some of the lyrics are silly -LRB- `` Ready , Set , Go ! '' ??? Yikes ! -RRB- . For a bit of a modern context , Outside is great , Earthling blows me away , and I think BTWN , Hours , and Heathenare damn good.This album is worth owning , if you 're ever in the mood for basic , semi-interesting rock . However , I am hoping hedoes a little better next time -LRB- emotionally , at least -RRB- . On a side note , do n't watch that `` Reality Tour '' DVD . It will just make you depressed . : -RRB-
 There just has n't been a good Bowie album since Bowie became as ass and stopped writing with Carlos Alomar . Where are the songs !!! Where is the invention !!! Where is the growth !!! David , admit it Carlos made your career !!!!!
 David Bowie had a solid 70 's run & then came back for a minute in the Mid 80 's but since then He has n't been able to find that touch at picking good material.this album follows a line of Half-Baked cuts that at best might be worthy of B-Sides but do n't merit Album tracks.I got to Hear this set recently & just was n't feeling it .
 I just bought Bowie 's latest album Reality , along with Deep Purple 's latest album , Bananas -LRB- import -RRB- and could n't have had a more one sided listening experience.Two of my favorite artists seem to be going in different directions and I 'm not talking musical . I ca n't believe how awful Reality is , the playing lacks spark -LRB- no human spirit -RRB- and the songs simply are n't good or memorable . The arrangements are typical been there done that , smoke and mirrors , modern techno and David just does n't sound like he ` s having fun ! When the disc ended I knew I would n't be in a hurry to play it again any time soon.On the contrary , Deep Purple 's new album is everything Bowie 's is n't . Great songs , unbelievable performances -LRB- lots of spirit -RRB- and the band sound like they are having FUN ! Plus , the running order of the album is just outstanding . I 've played Bananas10 times as much as Reality.It 's safe to say this is not Bowie 's finest hour , but it might be Deep Purple 's . Ian Gillan ... now that 's a singer !! One star
 Well , David Bowie has released another new CD of `` music '' again -LRB- already ? -RRB- . He 's unleashed his unmelodic dribble of depressing nothingness on the world at large , and as usual , the world will just ignore it -LRB- and him -RRB- . What I ca n't understand , is how there are actually `` fans '' of Bowie 's melody-less post-Blue Jean era music ??? Particularly his `` Outside '' and later period where he started taking his cue from Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails . This just shows Bowie 's insecurity of late
 Bowie has started making albums that superficially resemble his best old days . This is another one but there 's really not much here .
 I have been a Bowie fan since 1972 and he still remains my favorite Rocker of all time . But this CD is horrible !! No emotion , poor writing and NO songs that `` Reach out and grab ya '' . It 's obvious Bowie has run out of material after 25 studio albums . Bowie seems to be writing for the young bubble gum pop music listeners . Lets hope that his next record is for all his long time loyal fans . . This is a sellout . You want to hear a great recording that spotlights his piano player Mike Garson , listen to Aladdin Sane . This record will help you forget how BAD Reality real is . . Sorry David , but truth sometimes hurts .
 At 56 years of age , Bowie finally became `` Rolling Stones-esque '' rocker , i.e. putting up albums just for commercial reasons and make few bucks off of them . DO NOT buy this album ! It 's so unoriginal , it 's made up of teeny pop songs to attract younger audiences . Huge disappointment .
 Being a huge fan of Bowie , I was looking so forward to his follow up to Heathen which was such a classic Bowie album . However , I was and continue to be disappointed by this album.It starts off well with the track ` New Killer Star ' but even that song wears thin with it 's insipid `` ready set go '' and wimpy chorus . The songs are very ordinary -LRB- which Bowie can do well - see ` Hours ' -RRB- and boring but with some bright spots . Bowie 's version of ` Pablo Picasso ' is an artsy rocker in the vein of ` Heathen 's ' ` Cactus ' , ` Fall Dog Bombs the Moon ' is good and the lounge lizard tune ` Bring Me The Disco King ' is interesting but otherwise a bit of a blip in Bowie 's catalogue as far as I am concerned . Still love ya ' though God - oops I mean David .
 Preface
 I hear so many sounds , calypso , harry connick jr , and a narrow range of voice on this cd . Not one song sent me and his artwork matched his music , chaotic and unoriginal , Sequieros eyes . Once I heard it I didnt want to play it again . I think a guitar instrumental would have been better . I guess his collage style of writing has run dry . That is why he shouts water , water .
 Reality is not as derivative as most of Bowie 's music . Rather , it has a flat , generic sound that seems to be coming from several different places . The best thing I could say about Heathen and Reality is that they are boring , which is is an improvement from the awful music he made during the 80s and 90s . The serious-sounding cover of the Modern Lovers ' `` Pablo Picasso '' is baffling . The only reason I even bothered listening is because Visconti is back in the loop , but not even he can bring Bowie 's music back to life . Bowie 's vocals sounds worse on every album . He used to have a versatile voice , but now he is only capable of a low murmur .
 `` Aint there one damn song that can make me break down and cry ? '' is the question Bowie was asking himself in his 1975 great album `` Young Americans '' . Well , in 2003 I am asking the same to Mr. Bowie , a great Has-been rock singer , who is showing with this album that his talent is a thing from the past.I dont know . Maybe , like the greek guy said below , people who has posted commentaries here got another `` Reality '' cd , but the copy I own is a progression of convencional adult-soft-rock songs , lyrics than said absolutely nothing , and a sound revisiting his worst 80s years . Bowie has released quite awful albums since `` Hours '' in 1999 . Since `` Scary Monsters '' his career became disastrous , except for `` Outside '' and `` Earthling '' . People said he is near the 60 years of age , and that he has made really great songs in the 1970s and blah blah blah ... But Lou Reed is older than his and he is making great albums . The same you can said about Iggy Pop.personal recomendation
 The past 10-15 years or so i give new Bowie albums a listen out of pure curiosity . With the exsception of `` Outside '' most of these albums are the type you give a listen to and within 4-5 songs you basically give up . `` Reality '' has been no different in that respect . For some mysterious reason Bowie fans made some noise after this sad LP was released , and once more , i allowed myself to fall in the trap and give this new Bowie outing a listen.I really dont get it i must admit . People are calling this a `` re-invention '' ? A `` great Bowie LP '' ? `` One if his five best '' ? I mean , what 's going on here , is there some secret version of Realiyt that didnt reach my hands that these people are listening to , because , the one i did check out is an ultra boring one...Re-invention ? Try J.Cash 's `` The Man comes around '' or Iggy Pop 's `` Avenue B '' for re-invention . Best album ? Compared to what ? Compared to fifteen years of failed efforts to revive an once great songwriter?Sorry but I 'm not buying in folks.The only thing that can be said with certainty about `` Reality '' is that it 's painfully insignificant , totally unhooky , majorly feelingless , a profound collection of utterly poor songs.Surely , there 's a good reason why people keep tuning in to every new Bowie release no matter what dissapointing records he 's been releasign for the past 15 years . The reason is that Bowie made a legend of himself in the early 70s in a very emphatic way that has basically outlived its creator.But people are giving up in droves in case Bowie is noticing -LRB- i tend to think he doesnt care -RRB- . Sad , really sad to see an once great songwriter reduce himself to a classic case of has-been . But that 's reality too .
 The music is good . It 'd be better if there were some words out there ...
 I 'm an opera neophyte but even I can tell that this inexpensive 2-disk set is a low quality production . This is a collection of late-career live performances , late-career studio performances and a few studio tracks from the 1970s . Maestro Domingo 's voice is not in top form on many of the tracks , in others the orchestra drowns out the voice , and the sound is unbalanced and muddy throughout . If there 's any saving grace it is that this is a diverse and unusual collection -LRB- no ` Nessun Dorma ' to be found here -RRB- . In my opinion these two disks are not a good introduction to the great operatic tenor Placido Domingo .
 I first heard `` Stranger On The Shore '' on an old vinyl double-LP called `` The Roots Of British Rock , '' which eventually slipped away from me . It was a great piece of work , which featured Acker Bilk , Cliff Richard & The Shadows , Lonnie Donegan , and a few other artists who had hits in Britian prior to 1963 . There are quite a few Acker Bilk CDs out right now . I can only assume `` Stranger On The Shore '' must have popped up in a commercial or some soundtrack . It is without a doubt the highlight of this record . There 's something magic about that mix of strings and clarinet.It 's a magic that is never repeated again . `` South of The Border , '' `` Do n't Fence Me In , '' `` Autumn Leaves '' and `` Jean '' are the absolute definition of Schmaltz , Schlock , or whatever else you want to call it.If you 've ever sat in a dentist chair , having your teeth drilled with just a bit too little novacaine , and thought even that would be OK if they 'd just turn off that gawd-awful dentist office music ... here 's the CD version . You can have your very own copy .
 Maybe I 'm the only one , but I miss Craig Fuller 's vocals . Perhaps dusting off the `` Last Record '' , `` Feat 's Do n't Fail Me Now '' , & `` Dixie Chicken '' , reminded me what a singer/songwriter Lowell George was . This is still one of the greatest bands of all time , and recent live shows confirms that . `` Hoy , Hoy '' track is a welcome sound to us longtime Feat fans . Bill Payne is still the best . Hope for more
 As a LONG time Little Feat fan , I have to put this CD in the same category with `` Shake Me Up '' ; skip it ! There are many better Little Feat albums ; `` Feats do n't stop me now '' , `` Last record Album '' or `` Time loves a hero '' if you 're into Lowell George or `` Representing the Mambo '' or `` Ai n't had enough fun '' if you like them now . `` Under the radar '' is n't terrible , but its not up to ` Feats normal standard , and contains many rehashes of old songs . I 'd say they were just meeting a record contract obligation to put this one out . To anyone who gave this one a good review , please listen to the other titles I 've listed above and then rethink what you 've said ! Sorry ...
 This album was n't what I expected . Only one song I recognized , and the rest were OK , but no great find .
 This album was n't what I expected . Only one song I recognized , and the rest were OK , but no great find .
 The album shows that the band sorely lacks any real depth as performers and songwriters . Hearing them live and in then on this CD makes you wonder what all the fuss is . Being politically correct is saying you have to like them because they are `` multi-cultural '' , but the song writing is weak , they have no real `` lead '' singer of any quality , and the horns are out of tune on every track . Their is a lot of studio wizardry and production help -LRB- from a very able producer -RRB- that makes this collection palatable to a degree , and from a lighter stand point , is n't any worse or better than most hip-hop groups around today . But the overall CD does not even come close to the media hype given to them , but again , an overdose of affirmative action-related attention seems to be the principle reason for all the nice things that have to be said about them . Almost a sad commentary about American `` Latin '' music that this seems to be all there is to talk about . Maybe next time ...
 Please , for the children do not watch this film !!!! I cant believe I would put myself through this film . I honestly believe this is the worst film made horror history . WHY !?!!?! SO BAD !!!!!!
 The first film is good . Not great , but good . Then theres Hellbound which is TERRIBLE . And then we get this one thats better then the first 2 but still laking in a lot of areas . First off is Terry Farrell 's major OVERACTING and disregard for her character really puts a dent in the viewing process . She was sooo annoying I wanted to shut off the movie . . But dident cause I love Pinhead . The second complaint of mine is Anthony Hickox laid-back directing which he put NO thought into whats-so-ever and the story has hardly anything to do with the first 2 films . Lets use a example of how a wicked scene is made rancidly terrible ... `` Demons are coming for me father '' . . `` there are no demons child . Demons are a metaphore '' ... `` then what the f *** is that ? '' ... Bad , bad , bad . She could have said that wickedly but she just sucks . I swear , thank God the forth film was good . Cause this film will have to try harder next time .
 To be quite frank , I did not think the first one was that good , but when I when I watched the 3rd installment of the Hellraiser series called `` Hellraiser III
 this film is not that good . There is not that much of connection between this one and the first two . To much jokes from Pinhead and company . the plot is n't that well done , and the acting is not the best in the series by far .
 I thought `` HELLBOUND
 I have seen this movie on VHS and it 's one of the Hellraiser films that I enjoy . I liked the characters and the direction of the movie . When I watched this film on DVD last night , I was shocked at how poorly the DVD played . If the picture quality was like this on all DVDs , I 'd still be watching VHS.The DVD has Lions Gate Home Entertainment on the label , but that must be a mistake . I would n't believe they 'd release a DVD of this quality.A fun film to watch , but not on DVD . I hope they redo this DVD someday . I 'd like to see it transfered properly
 When J.P. -LRB- Kevin Bernhardt -RRB- , a playboy club owner , buys a mysterious-looking puzzle box and mistakes it for a work of art , he has no idea that Pinhead , `` the Black Pope of Hell '' -LRB- Doug Bradley -RRB- , is trapped inside . Playing tricks on his captor 's mind , Pinhead tries his best to manipulate J.P. into breaking him out of his prison -- that is , until an astute journalist -LRB- Terry Farrell -RRB- begins to suspect something.Watching `` Hellraiser III '' , it 's obvious that the producers were trying to make a poor man 's `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' rather than a proper continuation of the first two films . `` Pinhead '' spouts bad one-liners like Freddy Krueger in the lesser `` Elm Street '' entries ; and a significant part of the premise even involves the hero having dreams about her father 's death.The result is a watered-down , unsteady film that contains only a small morsel of what made Clive Barker 's first two `` Hellraiser '' films so interesting , substituting tired slasher film ingredients instead . A real let-down from the first two films .
 I recently got this movie for 99 cents on Ebay . The dvd is a import from Asia and its basically a bootleg . The dvd picture quailty is poor and the region code for the dvd is zero . Region zero means bootleg , trust me ive been researching this product for the past week . I got in a heated debate over the dvd with a seller and he left me negative feedback for trying to help him . Also , if you read the warning label on the bottom of the dvd you will see a ton of spelling errors . It 'd quite funny if I was fighting with the seller who sold me this product . Avoid this product and pick up yourself a real copy of the dvd , if you can actully find one .
 In the same vein as Leprachaun In the Hood , this Hellraiser tries to ensare viewers with a whole new batch of `` Club '' Cenobites . The Lady with the slit throat is replaced by a rave girl with a Traecheotomy , the DJ spits killer CDs out of his head -LRB- a trick that was done better in Dolph Lundgren 's `` I Come In Peace '' -RRB- , and there 's some jerk with a video camera in his head.I had hoped that Hell on Earth would take some risks , possibly show Pinhead and his crew doing their thing on crowded city streets , and pick up on the seeds they planted in the second edition for continuity . How Pinhead got from being executed by the Doctor Cenobite at the end of Two to that stupid piece of modern art is beyond me.Instead of paving any new ground this movie strips the franchise of its noir . Pinhead 's just another Wishmaster or Freddy . The Contemporary Cenobites are less frightening than Corey Feldman on an Ether binge . The story is stiff and disappointing , barely connecting itself with the rest of the series , proving that Gore does not a horror movie make . Even worse , the make-up and effects look rubbery . That they dropped the mysterious hobo/teredactyl guy from the ensemble entirely was salt in the wound.The sequel to this film , Bloodlines , is pretty much the same caliber , dooming further -LRB- and better -RRB- installments like Inferno and Hellseeker to direct to video releases . Do yourself a favor and pretend they never happened .
 Hey ! Everyone knows unrated is a joke . 9 out of 10 times there are scenes in the film that you would never miss ... 2 more minutes of nudity , maybe a little more blood in scene , some junk that hit the cutting room floor even . Yet , I really enjoy seeing this picture in the form I had it on VHS . Nostalgia ? Maybe . All I know is that this is the 3rd running of this disc and yet this Unrated version is nowhere . Why ? First running was in 2006 and did n't have much in way of extras either . I recommend not buying this if you love to see your movies uncut . Too much too often are they putting out a product lesser at an unreasonably high price . I feel that way when it comes to seeing a picture like this come out without the ability to choose the unrated or rated version on the disc . Have some passion about your product !
 The only reason I bought this DVD is to complete my Hellraiser DVD collection . Not that I do n't like the movie , it 's just that the DVD is pretty lame . First of all , this DVD is a special order from Canada . The cover dones a huge SPECIAL EDITION lable on the left side of the cover . Sadly to say , there is NOTHING special about this DVD . The movie itself is n't even in it 's original theatrical ration -LRB- widescreen -RRB- , which is a real bummer , and the picture itself is very gainy and not any better than the VHS edition . The only other feature it contains is chapter selection . Woopy -LRB- . . -RRB- ! Every DVD has chapter selections ; is this the feature that makes this DVD so SPECIAL ! Again ONLY buy this DVD to complete your Hellraiser DVD collection . A real bummer compared to the special features on the Hellraiser 1 & 2 DVD 's , but at least it 's cheap .
 First of all , I 'd like to comment on the DVD . There are two dvds pictured in the description and they are both the exact same dvd with different artwork . I 'm guessing someone decided it was a bit ridiculous to call it a `` Special Edition '' , when there are NO extras on it . There really is n't anything `` special '' about the dvd . It has the movie . That 's it . But it is hard to find so it 's nice to be able to get for a decent price . The video quality is the same as a new vhs . Not bad but obviously not remastered or anything like that . I watched both `` versions '' on a big screen tv and they looked fine and sounded ok.As for the film ... all I have to say is that a girl gets all of her skin ripped off , while she is screaming . And it 's gross . YEAH !
 THis movie is over all a horrid mess . Pinhead goes from a overwhelming Intimidating factor to a wisecracking Horror freak . There are some creative new Cenobites but thats it.the story revolves around a reporter who is trying to find out how this boy died . As it turns out he stole the Box and opened it . Pinhead himself is trapped in this statue that an art collector / NIght club owner buys . After Pinhead is freed he kills everyone in the club , makes 4 new Cenobites -LRB- who die easily -RRB- and kills a priest just for good fun.This movie loses the flair that the past two entries held . Pinhead did n't massacre hundreads of people jus for the sheer enjoyment , he only came out when the box was opened and killed the person who opens it , plain and simple . THis movie oveall is garbage except for die hard collectors .
 ... because , truely , I found this one of the most maddeningly awful movies ever made . I 've sat through worse movies , -LRB- second Crow movie anyone ? -RRB- but what made this one so agitating , is the quality of the first two , just to follow into the lameness of this one.I do n't mean to step on the toes of the people who enjoyed this one , but honestly , I do n't even understand how this one could possibly be ranked over 1 & 2.1 and 2 had some really nice stories based around an interdimensional S & M cult . This one starts off interestingly enough , but spins off into a ridiculous straight ahead horror flick , with some ironic death/mutations on the characters -LRB- i 'm not gon na explain that ; i hate it when people ruin things for me ; if you see the movie , you 'll understand them ; if you choose wisely to see something else , you 'll do better to forget this mess altogether -RRB- that are just silly.This is simply a regrettable road for one of my favorite movie villains of all time .
 It 's a horror sequel , so I 'm being nice with the two-star rating . Horror sequels are rarely ever good and this is no exception . I honestly forget most of the plot , but I think it had something to do with Pinhead trying to get out of a concrete block and enlisting the help of a teenager . The gore is useless and vague , the dialogue makes little to no sense and the special effects leave much to be desired . The series only got worse with `` Bloodline , '' but the fifth is a real treat , as I 've said hundreds of times before . `` Hellraiser 3 '' just falls flat on the screen , dying in an embarrased blunder in front of the viewer . Somewhere , Clive Barker is angry .
 Pinhead gets released from his imprisonment in a rotating statue in a gothical night club . Once released he runs amok in the city killing everyone he comes across . Hopeless acting , hopeless plot , still lots of gore , still not satisfying to a fan of the series .
 Like many horror films , and nearly all horror sequals , this was a bad movie with some very cool scenes . Buy it used , enjoy them , and lament what could have been .
 The third entry into the Hellraiser series is probably the weakest , deadlocked with Hellraiser
 this is one of the worst films ever!its childish and full of silly ideas that no one could possibly find scary.is it just me or do the hellraisers just get more and more dumber?its a complete waste of money , but still buy it if you want to ...
 I love Hellraiser , I love the Lead Cenobite/Pinhead , I love Clive Barker and the work he influences , I love the mythology of the Hellraiser series ... I hate this movie . Mind you the intentions behind it were clearly good . Pete Atkins wrote it so you know the guy was in it for fun and love of horror ... but the ultimate carryout is terrible.THe acting is by far the worst of the entire series ... I mean , yikes did they even try to get a good cast ? The Cenobites have crap conceptualization behind them -LRB- the Terry Cenobite burns people with her cigarettes ... pointless , the Camerahead Cenobite has a ... camera ... head ... and sucks because of it -RRB- . The effects are shoddy and the whole picture looks like it was staged and carried out in a matter of days . Amateur work at best . Its a shame to say it but this is not a good picture.Hellraiser gave us solid story and characters and a creepy concept of a hell taken over by this new breed of demons . The Cenobites -LRB- the aforementioned demons -RRB- are geniunely creepy and awe-inspiring . Overall a geniune masterpiece of horror . Hellbound
 If you 're buying this DVD to complete your set it 's hardly worth it . The quality is poor -LRB- both sound and picture -RRB- , there 's nothing extra -LRB- it 's not even letterbox -RRB- , and it 's just a ... movie . Look or wait for something better . ... As a Barker fan for years the first two movies are the only true Hellraisers in which Clive Barker had the most to do with and is n't embarrssed about . The first is a classic and the second was a special efx showcase . Hellraisers 4 through 6 are much better then 3 . The cenobites are ridiculous and the plot -LSB- was unacceptable -RSB- . Oh , by the way , I 've met Doug Bradley -LRB- Pinhead himself -RRB- , and he personally said he thought 3 was far from the best as well , case closed .
 Stay away from his cheap videocassette copy . That 's right , this is a plain Video Cassette copied onto a DVD , it looks -LSB- bad -RSB- and the sound is garbage . A new , cheap ... copy is coming ... It 's got ta be better than this garbage .
 THE ACTING IN THIS MOVIE IS THE WORST IVE EVER SEEN IN A LONG TIME.IT GETS KINDA COOL IN ABOUT AN HOUR INTO THE MOVIE
 this is no hellraiser film , it 's aload of crap!I 'd rather watch barney than this torture again , my son is only 10 and when he watched it , he thaught it was a comedy!I think this is by far the WORST HELLRAISER ever !!! My wife gets scared by horror films , she is a sensative person but this did ` nt even remotely scare her.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS FILM ! GET SOMETHING WORTH BUYING !
 There is a lot about the movie that I just do n't really care for . The characters being probably the biggest problem of Hell On Earth . Terry Farrell was annoying as the lead and the slime ball club owner who you are supposed to hate just was n't that interesting . If anything , he was just as annoying as Terry . The story itself is n't that memorable either . Out of the four theatrical Hellraiser movies , this is my least favorite .
 I hate to be one of those people that gripes endlessly when a horror sequel changes things up and does n't stick to the formula/rules that the original set-up , but this is ridiculous . Following up two mind-blowing and unique horror movies , `` Hellraiser III
 Hellraiser III
 THE OTHER TWO HELLRAISER MOVIES WERE SO GOOD . SO ORIGINAL . THIS IS NOTHING MORE THAN A PIECE OF CRAP THAT CAN GO ALONG WITH THE FRIDAY THE 13TH MOVIES . PINHEAD AND THE HELL RAISING CUBE RETURN , ONLY THIS TIME INSIDE OF A STATUE-LIKE FIGURE . OHHHHH SCARY . THE CUBE IS ONCE AGAIN PLAYED WITH AND HELL IS UNLEASHED ... YA DA YA DA YA DA ! ALSO THE TITLE `` HELL ON EARTH '' IS A BIT OF A LET DOWN . SKIP THIS ONE AND JUST WATCH THE FIRST TWO . THEY WILL DISTURB YOU BY THE CLEVER CREEPINESS , THIS ONE WILL DISTURB YOU BY THE HORRIBLE ACTING AND STORY!RATED R FOR
 now Pinhead delivers one liners ? Cenobites were n't that easy to make -LRB- nor were they made on Earth -RRB- in Hellbound ... let 's play a game called `` erase everything from the first 2 movies ! '' leave this one alone . do n't even rent it .
 I love Hellraiser 3 but this new release is just horrible . I am so glad that they re-release Hellrasier 3 . But this DVD is so bad . The movie is so fuzzy , and it is full-screen pan and scan . The last out-of-print edition from Paramount is widescreen and sharp picture , and has a very nice menu with English subtitle and 2 special features . This new edition has nothing at all . Just play and chapter selection.Very disappointed . Do not buy even if you love Hellraiser and it is only 5 bucks .
 HELLRAISER III has a lot of spunk . I 'll give it that . Flush from the successes of thefirst two -LRB- far superior -RRB- films , HELL ON EARTH gets points for not just going through the motions.But it does n't get points for anything else.This movie really should 've been called THE RETURN OF PINHEAD , or PINHEAD BE PIMPIN ' . Not only is the rogue Cenobite the central focus for most of the film , but he has been made slightly snarkier . Well , he 's always been somewhat snarky -LRB- he usually gets the film 's best lines -RRB- , but for the first time you get to seem him cracking wise and then grinning real big about it . The previous Pinhead had a sense of humor , but was also stoically dedicated . If the movie had been thirty minutes longer , this Pinhead probably would 've done a hand-stand and juggled body organs.The human element of our plot concerns a plucky young newsreporter . Her name is Joey , and she wants to be taken seriously . One day , she gets a tip about an accident . She rushes to the hospital and tries to barge into the Emergency Room of a complete stranger . She yells , `` I 'm a reporter ! Tell me what 's happening ! '' In spite of this , the nurses do not allow her in , but she can still see through the windows of the doors , and she watches as the stranger is yanked apart by electrified and levitating chains.Finally , a scoop!Ah , but no one takes her seriously . Not even J.P. , the sleazy owner of The Boiler Room , the fettishist night club where the chain victim was originally hurt . J.P. is about as unlikable as any one actor can portray , and he is always so caked in make-up , his skin appears to be made mostly ofSilly Putty . J.P. has recently purchased an odd sculpture that features a likeness of Pinhead . Before you know , blood accidentally spills on the sculpture -LRB- blood is always accidentally spilling all over the place in movies like these -RRB- , and next thing you know , all hell breaks loose.Ha ha . I 've been dying to write that . Moving on.Pinhead is unleashed upon the Earth . He begins using the bodies of his victims to make more Cenobites to aid him in his quest . The new Cenobites look like cartoon versions of the original Cenobites . Instead of maintaining the Hellraiser mythology -- Cenobites are the result of equal measures of pain and pleasure , representing the same sick thrill you and I get from horror movies in the first place -- this movie makes them all about mindless death and sacrilege.No harm , no foul , I guess . You can gussy up movies like this with fancy moralizing and make it fit , but for most people , the bottom line is pretty much mindless death . Still , even that lacks the creative flair of the first two films.Ultimately , though , the real killer is the acting . If you are looking for a chuckle and would like to see some astonishingly bad acting , rent this film . It 's hard to know if it can be attributed to the script , the acting , the directing , or all three . Whatever the case , something was seriously broken , and nobody ever got around to fixing it.Far sillier than it is scary , and more mindless than mental , this third installment wants to be taken seriously . Just like with poor , poor Joey , that ai n't gon na happen .
 Look , I 'm not going to tell you how great this movie is , but this is truly the last of the really cool Hellraiser films . For all Star Trek : DS9 fans , it stars a young Terry Farrell , who you might also recently recognize from reruns of Ted Danson 's CBS show Becker.Anyway , the true reason why I 'm writing this is to ask each of you to start some fire to get this properly released on DVD ! Y ` see , this version been floating around since the dawn of DVD , but it 's definitely the weakest DVD presentation of all the films , while being one of the best of the series!This disc is only in Fullframe , black-sparkly weak picture , only 2.0 audio , lame menu , and with no extras whatsoever ! However , it does feature the UNCUT version of the film , and if you 've only seen it in the theatre or on cable , this version 's ALOT more gorier . But seriously , Anchor Bay should properly release this here in America -LRB- this is a Canadian release , in the same NTSC format as USA -RRB- . They did a great job on Parts One & Two , why not this one ? Probably due to it 's all Heavy Metal soundtrack , and getting those past musical rights for re-release on DVD can sometimes be extremely hard , and Anchor Bay -LRB- or other release companies -RRB- probably said `` It 's the Third one , why bother ? '' ! But this film deserves it , it 's one of my top favorites of the series and definitely earns the right . So , start one of those online campaigns I 've seen for other lost movie classics , and give `` Hell On Earth '' it 's respect!P.S . I 've rated this disc overall only 2 stars , but the movie deserves 5 all on it 's own!P.S.S .
 When i saw the first Hellraiser i knew i had found a true classic . I was not disappointed by the sequel either . Both were strong five star movies , with good acting , good stories , and the most memorable horror movie characters ever ... the cenobytes . The day after i saw hellraiser II i rented #III . My hopes for another great movie were dashed . This movie is a travesty ... the story is weak , the acting is horrid and the special effects are terrible . But worst of all , the filmmakers turned pinheads character into just some horror movie psycho villian , with none of the class that he posessed in the first 2 . And the new cenobytes -LRB- they do not really deserve that title -RRB- are so pathetic as to be laughable . Shame on everyone involved in the making of this movie . I have seen more movies than most and i can honestly say that barring the ones on MST3K hellraiser III is one of worst movies ever made . The filmakers and anyone who supports this movie deserve to be handed over to the original 4 cenobytes to be tortured for all eternity .
 I was very disappointed in this DVD purchase . I own the majority of the HellRaiser series on DVD , but was missing HellRaiser III and wanted to replace my VHS copy . I ordered this for a great price and got a bootleg product ! This so called DVD is obviously a copy as compared to the DVD 's released prior to and after Hellraiser III . To make it worse , the so called `` new '' DVD is less than VHS quality since the actual VHS -LRB- which I have -RRB- is not as dark !!! After reviewing my other DVD 's and a little research , I realized that most of the DVD 's are made/produced by Dimension Home Video/Films and Trans Atlantic Entertainment . I see Trans Atlantic Entertainment listed on the back , but the box has Top Ten New Media Production Limited HKSAR all over it . Even has it on the opening screen . Ok . . so they have that posted in the description for Top Ten . I should n't have to validate the authenticity of a `` New '' DVD by knowing all the details about the film and who officially released it should I ?!? As for the DVD itself , it will only play in one of my two DVD players . For the one that plays , the only option it has is to `` Start movie '' or pick one of six chapters . No trailer , no production notes , nothing else at all except for bad audio and video ! By the way , I ordered this as Special Edition ... there is nothing special about it !! Additionally , we all know that a `` NEW '' DVD typically has an air tight wrapper that we have to cut off and security seals . This `` New '' movie had nothing of the sort and the case was designed for two CD/DVD 's . * NOTE
 I purchased this DVD for five dollars because I heard the quality was really poor , but I did n't think it would be so poor that you could n't watch it . I think `` special edition '' means unwatchable . Take my advice and the advice of the other reviewers , wait for a better edition to be released .
 This is the absolute worst DVD out there . It 's not the movie itself but the quality of the DVD . The picture is so dark you can barely see it . I watched it for around 15 minutes and had no idea what was going on because it was so dark and the few people you could see had red faces . If you want this movie buy it on VHS .
 to me this is where the hellraiser series turned more into an average horror series . first off why did they give pinhead emotions , i like the way he was in the first two where hed just stand there and say `` no tears please , its a waist of good suffering ! `` now in this one they decided to make him happy and make him laugh and make him buy his victims ice cream . to me the second one was the best , the imagry was unbelievable . but after that clive barker lost most of the control and peter atkins stepped in and ruined it by making a happy pinhead , cheesey cenobites , and a lousey , unimaginative story . dont buy it .
 ... because that is what this album is worth . i would get rid of it , but i have n't yet found anyone tone-deaf enough to be willing to take it off my hands .
 I feel that this is a poor attempt by the band to try to catch its former fame . This album lacks most of the sounds that were the true definers of the southern rock movement . Southern rock is defined by high speed boogie riffs with slizlin hybrd rock/boogie guittar licks . Listen to the old skynard albums and the old hatchet albums and you can hear the difference . I have seen hatchet in concert 10 times and have followed them for 10 years and I can honnestly say that this is the worst I have ever heard them sound . This album is a major disapointment .
 Fans of the early Hatchet , PLEASE BEWARE !!!! This is NOT Molly of old . I do n't know what these folks who are raving about this are coming from . I have seen southern rock cover bands kick this `` Molly '' all to hell . They are also a very disapointing live show with this lineup . I am all for the band to continue but they never were the same with out Danny Joe Brown .
 Oh the mere thought of someone trying to replace Danny Joe Brown just makes my skin crawl.Hey guys ya ever thought about Joe Lyn Turner from Rainbow -LSB- JUST KIDDING -RCB- Every song is bland obnoxious noise , and I feel pity on anyone who would spend their hard earn money to see them live let alone buy their cd 's . Please REPLACE the singer before you guys bury yourself so deep there 's no getting out .
 I really do n't understand why these guys named this band Molly Hatchet . There is noone from the real Molly Hatchet in it . Any former ! Let me tell you Molly Hatchet is David Hlubek , Duane Roland , Danny Joe Brown , Steve Holland , Banner Thomas , Jimmy Farrar , Riff West , Bruce Crump , John Galvin . I think Molly Hatchet died on 1985 . I do n't accept anything Molly Hatchet after 1985 , these guys must change their names . Buy the real Molly Hatchet albums . From 1978 to 1985 , do your self a favor .
 Imogen Heap tries to be the next Alanis on this album , but she only succeeds in taking Alanis 's worst traits and magnifying them . Lyrics not edited from spur of the moment inspiration , a voice that is n't attractive at all , and wannabe rock out moments . She tries to do it all with her style as well , and fails . The only decent songs on here are `` Candlelight '' and `` Come here Boy '' and there are moments in those songs that are repulsive as well . The result is a muddled album with no focus at all , playing the forlorn star in her own eyes . There 's potential in all of these songs . But she tries too hard copping an `` angry gurrrrl '' attitude that it ruins the moment . Skip this album if you can . I 'm glad I bought it used .
 wow , frou frou made me love music and opened my mind to a category of it out there that was n't mainstream pop.the lyrics of frou frou ranged from choosing wisely to the importance and beauty of life . guy sigsworth and imogen heap wrote songs that would take a cliche or their own original phrase -LRB- `` only got one '' `` beauty in the breakdown '' `` well painted passion '' - which is shakespere -RRB- they took these and made you think about them and appreciate them . sayings to live by.the songs ranged from intense -LRB- psycobabble -RRB- to heart breaking -LRB- the dumbing down of love -RRB- to life changingly uplifting -LRB- of course , let go -RRB- and all were unique , innocent , and carefully thought out.then `` speak for yourself '' came out and i got worried . frou frou does not exsist now . it is just imogen heap , and as on the frou frou album cover , guy sigsworth in the background.don ' t get me wrong , speak for yourself is good , -LRB- hide and seek , headlock -RRB- but the lyrics , and originality and diversity from song to song is gone . and the innocence is compleatly lost . something like `` i am in love with you '' barely deserves to be in any album . that was a huge laps of judgement ... then she began to sell out . tracks like speeding cars are only availiable through i-tunes and she has singles and music videos out . -LRB- videos that consist of her face , her face , and her face -RRB- i 'm starting to hear her name more on the street , from the preppy girls in the hall , my friends who listen to pop and rap are starting to appreciate her , whreas they could n't appreciate frou frou . -LRB- i know one person who has heard of frou frou without me telling them , i know many who know `` imogen heap '' -RRB- so she got her way . she is mainstream . her myspace profile -LRB- complete with at least 11 links to her website and videos that subtly advertise the fact she carries a mobile phone -RRB- proves a lot . i 've never truly loved a artist before , so i 've never seen the process of selling out . and at 15 , i am a bit crushed.i will buy her new album , because that is what a fan with money does , but i will also be heartbroken.i never thought i 'd love a singer who entitled there song `` whatever . '' but if she has sunk that low , i suppose we have no choice but to sink with her , or else cut the strings that connect her so deeply to our hearts . say goodnight and go .
 How can you write an Editorial about Imogen Heap - EsPECially I Megaphone without a nod to Tori Amos ? They could be sisters ... And ~ Love them both . I just personally tend toward Imogen 's , like Tori 's , more Melodic pieces from other cds.But ~ everyone 's got their own taste . Great Artist , though , always .
 Im writing this review as a lover of Details , and Speak For Yourself . I Megaphone has a very negative , and bitchy tone to it . Imogen sounds very angry throughout the album , complaining about not recieving enough attention , or love . Much of the subject matter is the same throughout . She is copying alot of Toris style a bit to much . The songs are dry and thin , with the exception of the final two tracks . If you really want to discover this artist and her true talent , which was n't realised on at this point in her creation of albums , check out Speak For Yourself .
 I was pretty disappointed with this video , but my daughter -LRB- age 2 -RRB- seemed to like it . There is a lot of singing and a long intro , but little substance . There is little yoga , so there is n't much for kids to follow along with . As other reviews mentioned , it has a short running time .
 As a consumer , I feel cheated because I paid for a video that was advertised as 35 minutes run time , but this DVD & `` Let 's Go to the Ocean '' is actually only 25 minutes including beginning & end credits . That 's a big difference for such a short video . The 35 minute run time is printed on the DVD jewel case & on the DVD itself . I went on `` kidsmusicalyoga.com '' & sent an e-mail asking for an explanation or even an apology , but my e-mail was ignored.As far as the content of the video , my kids do like it for the songs which are catchy for pre-schoolers . However , I was disappointed by the lack of actual activity/yoga/exercise the video asks of the kids . It 's more of a sing-a-long video ... I was just expecting more movement.I just want to give other moms a `` heads up '' so you know what you 're paying for & are n't disappointed .
 I ordered this video and Yogakids at the same time.Kids Musical Yoga is pretty much just a sing along . The children get to do almost no yoga at all . It is especially misleading since the cover shows a girl in the tree pose . When the video was over , I thought that was just the introduction and that the REAL video would start soon . It is a complete scam.Meanwhile , Yogakids is a fabulous video with real yoga poses , footage of real animals and a wonderful explanation of how to use the poses in our real lives . My 21/2 year old loves it . I recommend Yogakids as an excellent alternative to this non-yoga video .
 Ai yi yi . My kids -LRB- 31/2 & 2 -RRB- actually really liked this DVD , even though they were n't interested in participating themselves . Maybe it is because they had never seen actual mental patients before ? I am hoping that I can grin and bear it so that I can get them to start doing the movements as well , but I might need a lobotomy first .
 I agree with a previous reviewer that Yoga Kids -LRB- vol 2 -RRB- is far better than this series of yoga videos for kids . I found this series -LRB- Kids Musical Yoga Lets Go To The Ocean/Jungle -RRB- to be disappointing . I like the original music and found myself singing the tunes later -LRB- any may consider getting the CD -RRB- . But there was very little yoga - maybe 6 poses or so -LRB- and odd ones at that -RRB- . There was a lot of talking , way too much talking , by the instructor who had a condescending manner or was just a little weird.This video had potential if it has way more poses and songs , and way less talking .
 I wish I would 've read the 1 and 2 stars reviews , they are 100 % right , this is a very short DVD , only really 15 to 20 min of a very poorly made sing along dvd , the songs are really not that great , there is no yoga at all , not excersice , for example you will find that they go to the jungle and they see a monkey , so you imagine they will do a yoga pose , NO they just get bunch of bananas that pass along to share ... . my kids just look at each other like what do we supose to do now , go grab bananas ??? Even the kids in the DVD do not look like they are having a great time , not blame , the teachers are not very energetic happilly conducting them . I just wish I could get my money back ... . Good yoga DVD is the ABC yoga made for Yoga Kids with Marsha WenigYoga Kids , Vol . 2
 Dreadful vocal performances overall . Is singing in tune out of style ? The four main singers all have trouble holding a note steady . Alagna sings way sharp as often as he can ; it seems to be the only way he knows of emphasizing text . And more than half the time , he does n't know how place his voice properly
 To use a comment from the judges on American idol - the singers in the leading roles suffer from a little pitchy-ness . I 've very much enjoyed Angela Gheorghiu 's solo recital disks , but when the Alagnas sing together , they have a tendency to sing on the sharp side . I wonder which one drags the other off pitch?I 've been enjoying live-performance recordings lately that really draw you into the opera house and onto the stage . The image I had while listening to this performance was of soloists standing behind music stands turning the pages of their music .
 Why Angela Gheorghiu , who is a sublime Micaela , wanted to record Carmen is beyond me . She sounds hollow , mushy and just plain MISCAST . Listen to her Micaela on the Carmen-set with the wonderful Larmore , the interesting Thomas Moser and Sam Ramey . She sounds like whipped cream there , SUPERB . But Carmen ? NO ! You need a rich lower register , sopranos like Leontyne Price or Ponselle or Callas might get away with this but Gheorghiu is a DISASTER . And I really love her voice , esp . as Magda , Mimi , Manon etc. etc.Why a lyric coloratura was cast to do Micaela is beyond me as well . Inva Mula is a LOVELY Gilda , Lucia and even Violetta but Micaela DEMANDS a full lyric soprano . This is even MORE annoying since Gheorghiu is perhaps the most lovely Micaela today and seems to insist on ruining her voice.Alagna sounds MUCH better here than on the Trovatore . Less strain , much more passion , clear phrasing and intensity . And yet it is all to clear that his voice has lost its golden quality for good . But since good Don Jos&eacute;s are rarely to be found nowadays he might satisfy most.Thomas Hampson 's suave and seductive Escamillo can not save this poor set . He sings with much involvement and leaves out all the vulgar rubbish of most recent Escamillos who where more ridiculous than seductive.So what 's the point ? When will EMI learn ? These two are n't the re-incarnation of Callas & di ; Stefano . They DO NOT fit into EVERY popular opera . -LRB- What 's next ? I dread Aida or Otello thinking that those two might ruin it -RRB- So ? Another superflous recording of an already over-recorded opera . I love Carmen but I value fitting voices far more than cheap stardom .
 I feel that this is a poor attempt by the band to try to catch its former fame . This album lacks most of the sounds that were the true definers of the southern rock movement . Southern rock is defined by high speed boogie riffs with slizlin hybrd rock/boogie guittar licks . Listen to the old skynard albums and the old hatchet albums and you can hear the difference . I have seen hatchet in concert 10 times and have followed them for 10 years and I can honnestly say that this is the worst I have ever heard them sound . This album is a major disapointment .
 Fans of the early Hatchet , PLEASE BEWARE !!!! This is NOT Molly of old . I do n't know what these folks who are raving about this are coming from . I have seen southern rock cover bands kick this `` Molly '' all to hell . They are also a very disapointing live show with this lineup . I am all for the band to continue but they never were the same with out Danny Joe Brown .
 Oh the mere thought of someone trying to replace Danny Joe Brown just makes my skin crawl.Hey guys ya ever thought about Joe Lyn Turner from Rainbow -LSB- JUST KIDDING -RCB- Every song is bland obnoxious noise , and I feel pity on anyone who would spend their hard earn money to see them live let alone buy their cd 's . Please REPLACE the singer before you guys bury yourself so deep there 's no getting out .
 I really do n't understand why these guys named this band Molly Hatchet . There is noone from the real Molly Hatchet in it . Any former ! Let me tell you Molly Hatchet is David Hlubek , Duane Roland , Danny Joe Brown , Steve Holland , Banner Thomas , Jimmy Farrar , Riff West , Bruce Crump , John Galvin . I think Molly Hatchet died on 1985 . I do n't accept anything Molly Hatchet after 1985 , these guys must change their names . Buy the real Molly Hatchet albums . From 1978 to 1985 , do your self a favor .
 I was looking for highlights of Fred Allen , not full shows with commercials and not Jack Benny , the stereotype of cheap Jewishness . I wanted to play Allen on my college radio show and do n't have the know how to cut them up .
 This is no talent chick rock at it 's best . Anyone who loves the likes of Zeppelin wont subject themselves to this tripe . If you own this album you own every nicklecrap album , nuff said .
 Oh , boy . Look out , this record is almost as poor-sounding as the Clone Temple Pilots -- only difference is , this guy has a beard . Or a goatee . Whatever you youngsters call 'em in 2011 . Chad Kroeger is an oaf beyond belief , whereas the dude from Creed actually possessed some pretty solid reps. Give him credit ... cuz it 's due.The guy from the Pilots is just a waste . Anyone heard what 's going on in the Halen camp ????? I 'll check ya later , peeps ...
 While this album lacks any true standout track , it still manages to be easier to listen to than `` The State '' . That 's why I 'm giving it a 2 . Buy it used if you simply have to hear it . Just do n't expect too much in the way of impressive songwriting .
 Delivery was quick but I was dissapointed with the music . I usually like Nickelback , just not this CD .
 I 'm not sure which CD the other reviewers were listening to . Chad and the boys should have taken longer that a half hour that it most likely took them to put the stuff together . If anyone can understand Chad 's vocals on any of these tracks let me know . I would hope that they 'd take more time putting out there next one . .
 I 'm sorry , but this just does n't sound so great to me . If you like grunge , try Pearl Jam or Nirvana -- they 're so much more original and ... convincing . Sometimes Nickleback sounds like they 're trying way too hard -LRB- or not hard enough ? -RRB- . Seriously this is kid 's stuff , man . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 all the songs in the whole alblum sucked and i bought it because all of the other cds were good i thought this one would be good too bad it wasnt if you want to buy it do if you want to waste your moneyOVERALL 1 OUT OF 5
 I once considered this band to be the greatest musical phenomenon of our time . Then I found out they 're Canadian . Now I understand for the first time what wretchedly untalented , dismally unoriginal , and despicably vile little poseurs they really are . Their albums should be burned en masse in a public bonfire in Times Square and they should be forever barred from entering the country .
 My coworker accidentally bought this CD thinking it was new material . While not horrible enough for me to insist she not play it , it is extremely repetitive and dull . The vocals sound sluggish and overwhelmed by too much guitar . Let 's just say that I dislike this CD enough to visit amazon.com especially to write this negative review .
 Ok , I like Nickelback , but after hearing this album , I understand why it was n't until their second album that they got famous . I literally got a headache from how repetitive and monotonous Chad Kroeger 's singing was.The album really was n't that expensive , which was good , but I still do n't think that spending money on it is a wise decision . It 's probably a better idea to go out and buy Theory of a Deadman instead .
 This product is a sham ! The CD purports to be songs written and sung by Hank Williams , when in fact most of the songs are sung by other `` artists , '' none of whom compare will Williams . Three songs are by Willaims and the others sung by various other singers . The quality of the recordings is good but it was a great disappointment to hear lesser singers attempt these songs , some of which are rare , such as `` Singing waterfall '' -- I ordered the cd because of this song , which is sung by a woman , whose interpretation is nothing like Williams ' , nor is the instrumental interpretation of the music itself . Beware , Beware !!
 I liked the rollicking It 's Not Over -LRB- Til It 's Over -RRB- , though it 's surprising that it was a hit in 1987 . If it was performed today , it 'd be perfect background music on Dr. Phil 's talk show or Anthony Robbins ' motivational tapes and DVDs . It has a strong message to it about standing up for yourself . The rest of the album fails to match up to this song . It 's mostly paint-by-numbers corporate '80s rock that would have sounded better on Journey 's albums . The bombastic guitars , the over-the-top sounds and the unimaginative songwriting are mediocre at best . Think of this , drive while listening to this CD during 112 miles I-95 in Georgia south of Savannah , and you 'd forget about most of it one hour later ! That 's just how average and flat it is . No matter how many jokes people make about the 80s , the clothes , the big , long hair the fashions , the neon lights , they can also comment on how lousy this Starship album sounded . It was n't their best music either !
 This album was a real disappointment . As a longtime Airplane and Jefferson Starship fan , as well as a casual Starship fan , this is , by a long shot , their worst effort . The songs , besides ` Nothing 's Gon na Stop Us Now , ' are colorless and tuneless , unlike their previous effort , ` Knee Deep In The Hoopla , ' the album is a waste of time.While ` Nothing 's Gon na Stop Us Now ' is a great song , and while I 'm not an '80s pop rock fan , that song is near flawless . Slick and Thomas ' voices combine together quite nicely on that song.The other songs here , however , are n't . ` The Children ' is a terrible song , probably one of my least favorite songs of the '80s . While ` It 's Not Over ' is not a terrible song , it is n't a great song , either.Out of the three Airplane projects , Starship was , without a doubt , the weakest . Mickey Thomas has a great voice , no doubt , but combined with synth pop arrangements , it 's not that good . ` Knee Deep In The Hoopla ' was n't a great album , either . ` Sara ' and ` We Built This City ' were the only truly great songs on that one.After this album , Grace Slick , aged 47 at the time this was released , left Starship to become a part of Jefferson Airplane 's first and as of 2008 only reunion . Thomas became sole leader of Starship after Slick 's departure.Overall , unless you are a die-hard Jefferson Airplane fan , I would n't buy this . Starship was a pretty weak band , although ` Nothing 's Gon na Stop Us Now ' is a great song . Just pick up ` VH1 Behind The Music
 and that is only because Im a Grace Slick fan.She could sing the phone book and Id love it.This song was performed awesome at Radio City Music Hall when I saw her in the Summer of ' 87 . Her voice soared there on that song but was obvious she wasnt comfortable being `` an old person on a rock and roll stage '' . Her Dad was very ill at the time and passed soon after .
 As someone who 'd been a fan of the band since the Jefferson Airplane days , this album is the biggest piece of crap ever . The music is weak , soulless , pointless , and not even a pale shadow of what the band had once been . The only reason I bought this in the first place was to keep the collection complete and for Grace 's two songs , which luckily are good , especially `` I Do n't Know Why '' which I really like a lot . Grace 's writing contributions are the only thing that earned this album a single star.The problem with the Starship albums is that they 're comprised almost exclusively of material written by outside writers . I do n't have much time for artists that only perform other people 's material . The exception here is `` Transaltantic '' , written by Mickey and Craig . Decent song ; its defintely my favourite following Grace 's 2 contributions.That 's not to say that all of the non-band material was bad -LRB- I did really like `` Love Rusts '' on HOOPLA -RRB- , its just that a performer that ca n't write their own material is n't much of an `` artist '' to me . And when you compare the stuff on these albums with the bulk of accomplishment from the Jefferson Airplane and Jefferson Starship eras , it simply does n't compare very favourably .
 The album has a fine track listing . Just be warned that these are n't the original versions of Bill Haley & The Comets ' hit songs . Those were recorded in the mid fifties with Decca , but when Haley switched labels -LRB- to Warner , I think ? -RRB- in 1960 , he promptly re-recorded all his old hits for the new label . -LRB- Roy Orbison and many others of this era did the same thing . -RRB- So what you 're getting here is the 1960 re-recordings , NOT the originals . If you 're just looking for some fun music -LRB- or are a Haley completist -RRB- , this disc will provide it ; but if you 're looking for the original versions , this CD is a ripoff .
 Buy this CD only if you are a very serious Beatles fan and have everything else . The tracks on this CD are mainly sound bytes of people recalling the Beatles ' early days in Hamburg -- mostly acquaintances . The music on this CD is mostly the Beatles backing up Tony Sheridan . There is only one track which shows the instrumental ability of the Beatles -- `` Cry for a Shadow . `` There is no singing by Paul , John , George , or Ringo . In fact , I think that Pete Best is the drummer here . This is not an authorized product by the Beatles , etc , etc. , etc. . I bought it for $ 3 in a clearance bin -- only for the instrumental . I do n't think I would pay more . Unless you are desperate to collect every single piece of Beatles memorabilia available , give this one a bye .
 Best known for the teen anthem , `` HOLD YOUR HEAD UP ' , this seems like band without direction . Sort of a combination Pink Floyd , Redeye , ELP , The Boston Pops , ... Another worthwhile tune is `` Tragedy '' , which sounds great in surroundsound . But a band oughta have a theme . And this one does n't . At least it does n't show here .
 Argent 's song `` Hold Your Head Up , '' is the only decent song they ever wrote . They lucked into the charts on that song alone , and the rest of their stuff was pure high school garage band puke . Take away `` Hold Your Head Up '' and you 've got a band capabable of embarrassing an entire generation . I was part of that generation , and believe me , I was n't the only one who was convinced that virtually all of their other songs stunk to high heaven . If you want to wallow in how baby boomers celebrated their own mediocrity as the `` new horizon , '' then buy this album . Otherwise save your money for something that 's worth listening to .
 I hate the cover for this ! Who are all these ugly people ? I hated this so much when I bought it on vinyl all them years ago that I made up my own album cover for it ! I have never removed it!In terms of songs , their previous album RING OF HANDS is much better . I like three songs off of this
 If you thought that this album included tasty updated versions of John Stewarts best Kingston Trio compositions , you might want to reconsider . No question these are different -LRB- entirely -RRB- versions of his earlier material -LRB- at times nearly unrecognizable -RRB- , but the problems are several . Firstly , the arrangements are weak and do n't allow the material to soar , as it did in the original versions . The use of drum machines begin to annoy and synthesized banjo 's -LRB- in Road to Freedom -RRB- simply do n't cut it . Recording quality is muddy and seem to be of home-studio quality . Some interesting guitar work in spots , but most disappointing is John 's vocal performance . It 's sad to hear what was once a wonderful , distinctive voice slipping away . This album is a bit of an oddity and is definitely for hard core fans only . If you 're interested in hearing his best Kingston Trio work , buy the original albums . They are sold in a two albums for the price of one format , are inexpensive to buy and showcase the material the way it was meant to be played , with great recording , arranging and performances . Sorry to be so harsh John , but I 'm still a fan !
 I was quite excited to receive this album , but was disappointed with the quality of the recordings and of John 's vocals . Perhaps he was attempting to affect a style that was a departure from the original music , but at times the departure is a little too much . I did enjoy listening to the great writing that John does -LRB- as always -RRB- . John 's unique songwriting skills will never be duplicated .
 If you thought that this album included tasty updated versions of John Stewarts best Kingston Trio compositions , you might want to reconsider . No question these are different -LRB- entirely -RRB- versions of his earlier material -LRB- at times nearly unrecognizable -RRB- , but the problems are several . Firstly , the arrangements are weak and do n't allow the material to soar , as it did in the original versions . The use of drum machines begin to annoy and synthesized banjo 's -LRB- in Road to Freedom -RRB- simply do n't cut it . Recording quality is muddy and seem to be of home-studio quality . Some interesting guitar work in spots , but most disappointing is John 's vocal performance . It 's sad to hear what was once a wonderful , distinctive voice slipping away . This album is a bit of an oddity and is definitely for hard core fans only . If you 're interested in hearing his best Kingston Trio work , buy the original albums . They are sold in a two albums for the price of one format , are inexpensive to buy and showcase the material the way it was meant to be played , with great recording , arranging and performances . Sorry to be so harsh John , but I 'm still a fan !
 I was just thinking about Pride & Glory and the first thing that came to me was
 Got The Wrong CD.Finally found page to report problem.Instructed that I would receive return shipping lable in the mail.CD I ordered not avaliable and may not ever be.Never received return shipping lable.Reported problem of non recipt of lable.Received - e-mail to print my own lable from the wep page.They would later reimburse me for what I would have to payto return the wrong cd.I am not a happy shopper.Way to much effort on my part.I would still like to find the CD .
 While an interesting mandolin treatment traditional seasonal favorites , the CD 's title as it appears on the jacket is
 What was once the most innovative sound-producing collective has now degenerated into generic euro-trash euro-haus . That unique flaming eruption of anti-musikal `` sturzende '' that to me always represented the closest that music has come to the artistic freedom and breaking of form of a Picasso is nowhere to be found . This album is a disapointment .
 First off , Natacha is a WONDERFUL artist in every regard . However , I still say avoid this CD.Yes , this CD is a departure from her more traditionally Arabic themed music . But the collection does n't work . I 'd rather listen to Enigma , Lisa Gerrard , Delerium , etc. for this genre . Natacha does n't cut it.Go for Gedida or Something Dangerous ... two of her best !
 Although there is a bit of evidence of raw talent in Liz Reed 's voice , her explict lyrics are certainly not needed . They have really made me think twice about , and even regret buying this cd . Perhaps there are more intelligent or intellectual ways of getting your feelings across .
 If you 've somehow discovered later-day rockabilly great charlie Burton , be warned
 Several years ago , talented Austin artist Charlie Burton and his former band , the Hiccups , were house band at the Liftticket Lounge in Omaha . They had recorded several studio albums and CD 's , releasing them on an independent label , but none of them caught the band 's incredible onstage energy . Eight years ago the Liftticket decided to close its doors for the last time , the band decided to break up . But not before taking advantage of that last weekend to record the live album that always should have been . Unfortunately this did not turn out to be that album . I was there both nights this recording was made and bought this CD on it 's first release . And I witnessed what might have been two of Burton 's worst performances ever . Maybe it was the stress of not ever having another chance to do a live CD , maybe it was the end of an era and Burton did not care . Burton was wise to include his best material from roughly a decade with his band . And the recording does have its moments . Whistle Bait is a fine showcase for Phil Shoemaker 's awesome guitar talent . Burton includes some of his wittiest songwriting in numbers like Bum Ticker and Without My Woman . Whether the listener will enjoy this wit is debatable , as Burton 's vocals are often unintelligible -- a major flaw in a songwriter/story teller . Shoemaker is outstading , the rest of the band good , Charlie 's guitar playing is sometimes clumsy . When the band was `` on '' , they would give some of the best live performances one could hope for . Too bad they were n't on that night . I can recommend this album only because it includes some fine songs that can not be found elsewhere these days . Too bad their vinyl studio recordings on the Albums Is That Charlie Burton or What ? , Do n't Fight the Band that Needs You , or the Lou Whitney produced I Heard That are n't being re-released on CD . They would be much better buys .
 I am a long-time fan of both Elvis Costello and Bill Frisell . At their best , both artists can be phenomenal . But they do have bad moments , and I 'm sorry to say this disk is is situated in that portion of the Venn diagram in which disappointing performances overlap . After repeated listening sessions in which I tried really hard to appreciate this , I finally gave up . Costello just sounds self-absorbed , self-indulgent and -LRB- frequently -RRB- strained -LRB- more-so than usual -RRB- . Frisell is laid back throughout -- almost to the point of being absent . It is a live disk , and even the audience does n't quite seem to know whether to applaud .
 too much Frisell , not enough Costello . Save for `` poor Napoleon '' , there 's not much to like on this CD .
 TEXAS LI'L DARLIN ' with music by Robert Emmett Dolan and lyrics by Johnny Mercer was what we call a lucky hit . It opened on Broadway to mixed reviews but lasted 6 months due to the fact that only one other hit musical appeared that season -LRB- GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES . -RRB- Decca 's 10-inch LP covered eight key songs from the mostly forgettable score . The record soon went out of print and by the 1970s was commanding $ 200 a copy or more . So this might be worth picking up as an `` investment . `` The CD is paired with the short selection of songs Johnny Mercer and Gene DePaul wrote for a 1956 movie musical YOU CA N'T RUN AWAY FROM IT . This was a musical remake of the 1934 oscar winner IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT with Junbe Allyson as the runaway heiress and Jack Lemmon as the reporter . The film wa not a success and the score yielded not hits but it 's a pleasant listen . Stubby Kaye leads the singing in `` Howdy Friends and Neighbours '' while The Four Aces sing the title song .
 Oh dear . Usually the Norwegian label Beatservice has good bands , but Flunk and their debut American release on Guidance , For Sleepyheads Only , do n't quite make the cut . Their cover of New Order 's `` Blue Monday '' feels lackluster , the female vocals wavy and weak . The male vocals on `` Miss World '' do n't offer much of an improvement . Although `` See Through You '' matches the vocals to the music better , the instrumentals , like `` Sunday People -LRB- Do n't Bang the Drum -RRB- '' are stronger -- but not by much . The album as a whole suffers from watered-down trip-hop syndrome . It might be pleasant to listen to overall , it really does n't make any impression whatsoever .
 Squeeze have produced some terrific albums in the 500 years they 've been with us , from the punchy `` Cool For Cats '' to the beautiful `` Play '' . Sadly , this really is n't one of them.I read a couple of interviews Difford and Tilbrook gave after the release of `` Ridiculous '' , their previous -LRB- and infinitely better -RRB- recording . They had a theme in common - branching out , doing something different , maybe even a little daring . What they ended up giving us in fact was a tired-sounding re-hash of an earlier style -LRB- it reminded me in parts of `` Sweets From A Stranger '' -RRB- . They 'd also given the impression in these interviews that they were frustrated at not making more of an impact on the charts . `` Domino '' offered nothing that would have got close to a top-twenty hit -LRB- although `` Bonkers '' and the title track could have done decently enough with a lot more work and a bit of sparkle -RRB- . After a string of superb studio albums including `` Play '' , `` Some Fantastic Place '' and `` Ridiculous '' , I was disappointed to see that the last thing they produced before splitting up and saying ` never again ' was one of their worst . In the book `` Squeeze
 What a disappointment . Domino sounds bland , boring and depressing . This from a band that brought such colour to the music scene from the late 70s right through to the superb Ridiculous in 1995 . Apart from the odd exception like `` In the Morning '' , this album sounds like a group that has lost the the ability to craft a great song.Play , Some Fantastic Place and Ridiculous were three of the best albums of the 90s by any group . Domino is very poor by comparison , and its lack of quality reflected the fact the group was falling apart by this stage .
 This CD only has a play time of 22:55 . Nowhere on the case , in the liner notes , nor on the disc itself is there an indication of how short the music selections are . There are 9 songs on the disc , so by doing the math , average song time is 21/2 minutes . Come on , this is ridiculous !
 Sounds like something recorded in someone 's garage . No accompanyment . Very disappointed in this one .
 this is not the cd i ordered but had to keep it because it was to close to the holiday
 ordered and opened , upen listening realized it was not what I wanted . I guess it 's too late to do anything about it !
 Denmon Records from 1986 is the equal , at least , of this sorry edition . Why buy a remaster if you ca n't tell even a slight increase in quality compared to a version that was released 19 years ago . Even the liner notes are better in the older version .
 This is one of Al greens best albums he ever did.I used to have the original CD but I decided to get the new remastered version , and boy was I shocked the sound qualitiy is not good at all the highs are very muffled and the songs that fade out are faded out faster . So don , t get this version get the original it only has 2 less songs but the sound is A lot better and it is cheaper .
 There is something inherently prosaic in this dead dull `` music of der future '' . Fortunately , man has still some sense of individualism , but barely , and Kraftwerk 's fascist goal for music has not rendered vocals obsolete . Listening to this , it harkens back to the techno geek 1970 's when Germans laden in neo-fascist uniforms with thin ties and a pound of grease on their hair , showed no emotion on stage , acting like machines . Most of them wore leather pants so tight that they froze while playing , hence the dumb and inarticulate Krautbot look . They copied architecture chic from the 1930 's , added some 70 's porn montage and called it `` modern '' 1970 's and praised the revolution of robots and computers . Not only is that very idea horrifying , but it is also silly . `` Kraftwerk '' means `` cheese plant '' in German and they are very cheesy.The CD is probably one of the most horrible things I 've listened to . If you can get to the end of it , you 'll find all sorts of unwanted electronic noise , Krautbot voice dubs , electro fuzz , beeps , computer konks , repugnant computer-generated vocals , static , repulsive synthesizers , and extremely unpleasant clamor that goes on forever , that you 'll soon be reaching for a hammer to crush the CD . In my estimation , all crap . A few American bands at the time tried the stale trend with deadly results , Gary Numan The Pleasure Principle -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Styx Kilroy Was Here -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , both tossed their careers away because of it.You 'll be reminded of foolish telephone companies , lumbering computer screens , electronic wires and moronic techno cabarets in dark German cellars .
 kraftwerk 's music making you want to dress up in plastic and go dancing at a gay german disco .
 Asides from a tad of inspired repetition found in the long running title track and the shimmering beauty of Kometenmelodie 2 , there is not much to wrap your head around when excessive and primitive electronic experimentation claim center stage .
 I 'm a big fan of Ray , so when I saw this used at a local store , I grabbed it . I only paid about $ 4 for it , but if I had paid any more , I might have demanded a refund . This is the worst-sounding cd I own . Ray is there with all his genius , but the problem is that both his voice and his piano sound like they 're at the end of a long tunnel , while the `` overdubs '' sound perfectly clear . The cd says on the back that `` additional overdubs '' were added , but it does n't warn you that they 're performed by a man with mediocre -LRB- at BEST -RRB- talent and that the cd sounds like it was mixed at random by someone who was almost completely deaf .
 These are the beginnings of Ray Charles when he tries to sound like Nat King Cole.The drums are terrible bad ! Just listen to `` See See Rider '' and listen how the drums slow down because of his terribly bad entering into the song . The drums sound bad in most of the songs . The band sounds too loud and you ca n't appreciate the voice or the piano.There are great Ray 's recordings out there . Buy another album .
 Yikes . I know this band basically guaranteed their -LRB- minimal -RRB- success by sucking up to Jerry Only and stroking his massive ego , but just stay far , far away from this . Why bother listening to wannabes when the original material from the Misfits is readily available ? If you really need proof , track down Balzac 's cover version of `` Do n't Open 'Till Doomsday '' or `` Devil 's Whorehouse . '' I guess if you 're looking for whiny , unintelligible vocals with a heavy Japanese accent and substandard imitations of Misfits guitar work ... well , go nuts . But you 've been warned .
 I do n't need `` MISFITS '' wannabe 's in the good ol' united states so I definetely dont need some woah woah ooh crap sung in japanese ! Buy Earth a.d. , Static Age , Walk Among Us , Legacy of Brutality or hell even Evilive to see what these losers wish they were . Just cause your songs are like fater than hell does n't mean their good .
 I received this CD in December of 2003 . Five songs listed in the song samples were NOT on this CD
 Laser Light 's usual crappy quality . Bad selection of songs , horrible sound quality and no liner notes . Stay away from this and anything with the Laser Light label .
 Only a couple Christmas songs . Which are good but the rest you can tell the company threw in as fillers that have nothing to do with Christmas .
 I thought this CD was going to be great because of Louis Armstrong . However , it did n't really feel New Orleansy .
 If you have made it this far you have wasted enough time , just run head first into a brick wall for more fun . Reckon it to your uncles band wanting to play at your party .
 The product was fine . It was the lack of customer service and mishandling of the order that disappointed me . I ordered the music in anticipation of receiving it by a certain date -LRB- which was clearly indicated -RRB- . The order was placed on 4/1/10 . It was to take no more than 4-5 days for shipping . By April 8th , the order was not received . I contacted customer service and was told that the order did not go out because one of the items was not available to ship . I was never told that the order would be held up for that . Had I been informed , I would have said to send the items separately . The customer service rep was very hard to understand and spoke with a heavy accent adding to the frustration . She said I could have the available items shipped priority but would be billed for expedited shipping . I told her to cancel the order . She then said she would check with her supervisor to see if they would waive the additional shipping charges . After being put on hold for quite a while , she came back on the line and said they would ship it out and waive the priorty shipping charge . I asked if I would have the available items by the morning of April 10th . That was my deadline to get the music . She promised I would have it the morning of April 10th . It was delivered mid afternoon on April 10th . After the event was over . I sincerely doubt that I will order this way again . Very disappointed in Amazon .
 I bought this because it intentionally trades on the credibility of the original Rear View Mirror , which is a great collection of Townes performances - meaning he plays well , sings well , and the sound quality is good . Well , congratulations on duping me . This is in no way similar to that album.When I popped it in , I went right for Snowin On Raton . There 's a great version of that on Live at Union Chapel , but his voice is not in the best shape for that performance . I was hoping maybe this one would be just as good or better . Well , I was immediately greeted with a sound that resembles the background noise of a 1980 's home video - wavy , garbled , fuzzy . It sounds like he 's playing under water . And it sounds like a bootleg because the coughing of people in the crowd comes in clear but Townes and his guitar do not . I honestly think that track was recorded with a cassette recorder on someone 's lap at a show . And I just paid to listen to it . Awesome.Sound quality is an issue on many tracks , but on some of them the issue is Townes . The man was not always on top of his game , which is why these tracks had never before appeared on an album . They 're just not good performances . I got through the first few lines of Greensboro Woman before stopping it . He sounded like he was drunk . And not in a charming way . It 's a good thing that 's one of the few songs that is n't overproduced in its original album recording , because I have n't found a good live recording of it.Get the original Rear View Mirror , Live at the Old Quarter , and Live at Union Chapel . Those three are the essentials . Forget this one .
 This is my Christmas music purchase of the year ; well I also purchased the Muppet Family Christmas on which John Denver sings and was actually the inspiration to purchase this . I was also influenced by the &#34; limited edition &#34; tag and that it contained extra tracks . Apparently there was a version a few years ago that had several tracks cut off . This one is simply the complete version of the album with all 13 tracks as listed . I might have given it 3 stars , but this CD will not play in my kitchen mounted , Sony undercabinet player that plays every other CD just fine . It must be a production problem where the index is n't being read . But that 's the main player I use for Christmas Music and so a disappointment and a return to make .
 This collection contains nice renditions of many classic Christmas carols . The title track is a delightful song , but the remainder of the collection sounds flat in comparison .
 Man , was I excited when I heard `` T '' was coming out . Funker Vogt 's last double/remix CD , `` Killing Time Again '' , contained some of their best work
 Ok , lem me be honest ... I downloaded the mp3s for this album , I listened to them , and I decided NOT to buy the album -- EVER . I 've bought all the other albums , so I AM supporting Funker Vogt , but `` T '' is a ridiculous album and FV does n't deserve my money . Heck , they should have paid ME for having to listen to those mp3s . This album has NONE of the intensity of the bands other works . It seems to me that they just wanted to keep the fans happy until they could come up with another album . I dunno . Read the other reviews for more info .
 Yo me considero un gran fan de Sasha . Me parece de las pocas ex-timbiriches que es fiel a si misma y hace lo que ella quiere.Quiero dividir mi comentario en dos :1 Ella canta bien , maneja bien su voz en las canciones y se percibe el sentimiento en su voz . Es algo totalmente diferente a lo que ella hab&iacute;a hecho antes .2 EL CD ES TERRIBLEMENTE ABURRIDO , por mas bien que ella cante es imposible escuchar mas de dos canciones juntas . Es demasiado monotono . Se necesita estar con borracho con tequila para poder escucharlo . & iexcl ; SASHA VUELVE A LO TUYO , 11:11 Y TRAMPAS DE LUZ , HAN SIDO TUS MEJORES TRABAJOS !
 Sasha , que te paso ? Tu voz es muy buena para cantar lo que quieras , pero este disco es definitivamente para adoloridos y borrachos en la cantina.Ademas que el tono que le das a todos los temas , el disco resulta sumamente aburrido como mencionaron en otro comentario.Ojala y tu proxima produccion sea algo mas interesante .
 BUENO , QUE MAS PUEDO DECIR , ES UNA PENA QUE HAYA GRABADO FINGIENDO SU MELODICA VOZ.QUERIENDO IMITAR A NO SE QUIEN , . EVOLUCION ? TAL VEZ , PERO SI LAS HUBIESE CANTADO CON SU VOZ NORMAL , ESTE HUBIERA SIDO UNA JOYA MUSICAL , YA QUE LA MUSICA ES BASTANTE BUENA , PERO LA CAGO AL HACE ESOS PUJIDOS AL CANTAR !!!
 If you are a Rea fan , do n't buy this album . Its different from the rest . Half the songs are n't even sung by him ! A Joke . Thank god The Blue Cafe came along and reasured us all he had n't gone mental .
 My espectations soared high when I bought this CD -- imagine the thrill of finally getting to hear the great Laurence Olivier play Scrooge , a role he never portrayed on stage , screen , or television.Alas , my hopes began to dim as soon as I opened the package.First of all , this is the shortest CD I know of -- only 27 minutes , and at the price asked for it -- online or off -- highway robbery . The program is obviously from an old radio broadcast -LRB- probably from the late 40 's or early 50 's -RRB- , and the treble must be turned up all the way for satsfactory listening ; otherwise there 's far too much bass . -LRB- There 's absolutely no surface noise , however . -RRB- The big disappointment , though , is the production . It is n't really bad , just very ordinary . And while nothing can beat the sound of Sir Laurence 's beautiful voice narrating Dickens ' classic -LRB- although Orson Welles ' narration in the 1939 radio version with Lionel Barrymore comes pretty close -RRB- , his portrayal of Scrooge is good , but surprisingly standard and ordinary , and nowhere near what you 'd expect from the actor who was such a great Hamlet , Othello , Henry V and Richard III.The greatest handicap of this version , though , is that unlike other recorded versions , this one tries to cram EVERY important detail of the story into just under half-an-hour , creating the impression that everybody is just rushing through it without lingering to savor the great moments - almost , but not quite , like speed reading , and a far cry from the famous 1941 Decca version , recently made available on CD in the U.S. by Deutsche Grammophon -- a version that starred Ronald Colman as Scrooge , and was issued on 78 RPM records in 1941 and one side of an LP in later years . That well-loved recording not only cut big chunks of the story to slow down the pace , but also boasted memorable performances nearly equal to the Welles-Barrymore version.The manufacturers of this Olivier version , though , are as stingy as Scrooge -- no cast member other than Olivier is listed . And the ghosts on this CD -LRB- so good on the old Decca Ronald Colman recording , as well as in the Lionel Barrymore version -RRB- are unusually forgettable . They sound rather cheesy and ordinary , actually -- not a single truly spooky ghost in the bunch.Too bad , but the curious might still want to check this out .
 Every year , I enjoy reading , watching and listening to as many different adaptations of `` A Christmas Carol '' as I can . And since the price of this one was right - 25 cents - hey , let 's try it.Well , it stinks . Why ? Because they cut the story down to less than half an hour !! I kept thinking `` What 's the rush ? '' Why cut it so severely?Does Lord Olivier shine ? Who can tell ? It all went by so fast !
 I ordered this CD thinking it would be like the LP , but discovered -LSB- ... -RSB- that it is missing 3 songs . The rest of the CD is good , but I was greatly disappointed in that the CD is incomplete .
 My parents own 2 copies of the LP version of this album . I 've listened to it FOREVER . I bought it thinking it was the version that I had grown up with . It is n't ... If you 've EVER listened to the LP version , and that is the version you love , DO N'T BUY THIS VERSION.Other then that , If you love the Muppets and their music . This is a great set of music
 DO NOT BUY THIS 10-SONG VERSION ! It is a rip-off of the original album and original CD release with 13 songs . Laserlight realized their mistake and reissued again with 13 songs . Buy that one instead !
 This CD is missing songs from the original soundtrack . When you select to hear certain songs from this website , it plays the songs that are missing . For example , `` Little Saint Nick '' is not on the CD along with some other songs .
 I bought this CD specifically for my father who loves `` Where the River Meets the Sea '' . I guess I did n't read far enough down on the reviews to find that is NOT on this CD . There should be something to let people know that this is NOT the same as the LP version - there are 3 songs missing ! I 'm highly disappointed .
 I bought this album for the &#34; twelve days of Christmas . &#34; The rest of the songs are annoying so I wish I just downloaded the one song I liked .
 Worst holiday sound since the Bradys . Does n't get much worse than Miss Piggy and `` Five Gold Rings ! '' I wo n't even mention John Denver . Spend you money on better presented holiday music -LRB- Boston Pops , Trans-siberian Orchestra , Manheim Steamroller -RRB- .
