 I ordered this cd thinking it was the same as the title of the same name that was released in 1979 . I was terribly disappointed to discover that this copy does not have three of the original recordings . Be sure to double , triple check what you order .
 the whole original album is n't even on the cd !!!! what a rip off!i own the original album and i was disappointed when i saw that the cd did not have all the songs on there.I WANT ALL THE SONGS !!!!!!
 I loved , loved , loved this album as a child . I had in on my wish list last Christmas and put in in the CD player the minute it arrived . You ca n't imagine how crushed I was that this cd was missing three songs from the original album . `` Have yourself a Merry Little Christmas '' , the sweet `` When the River meets the sea '' and the cruelest cut of all , it does n't have `` Little St. Nick '' . Do n't buy it . Point your browser to the Cutout version instead , do n't make the same mistake I did .
 My kids grew up listening to the `` real '' album on an old , scratchy lp and loved it dearly . I ordered 4 copies of this cd for them now that they are grown , as a special present , and found too late that it does not contain all of the songs on the original album including some of their favorites . I feel cheated !
 Your description of this title states it was released in 1979 ... however it does not have three songs that were on the 1979 release . . do n't understand and was very disappointed .
 This version is missing songs ... the best ones , too ! Do n't buy it , look for the full version .
 I too , have been searching for the complete CD of The Muppets and John Denver - A Christmas Together , with all 13 songs . We still have the LP , which my children grew up listening to . The first CDs that came out DID have all 13 songs on it , as we bought , but my son lost his.After buying another one in 2001 , we noticed that even though the item number remained identical on the CD , there were 3 less songs.I have attempted to email the customer service department at BMG , but never received a reply . At least we can still play the LP when the kids are home at Christmas , but I keep hoping ...
 The 10-song version is an absolute ripoff . The newest , third release of this CD has 13 songs as does the original album and CD release . Do NOT buy the 10-song version . It is worth getting the 13-song version .
 As a child I remeber listening to this LP over and over again during the season ... however , I was disappointed to learn when I put this CD in that it was not the whole album I remembered . . missing are `` Little St. Nick '' , `` When the river meets the Sea '' and Rolf 's great `` Have yourself a Merry Little Christmas '' . I can not recommend this CD .
 Do not buy this version of the Muppets `` Christmas Together '' ! Many Muppets fans , including myself , have been tricked into buying this cd thinking it was the original ... when in fact it is missing 3 of the most important songs -LRB- Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas , Little Saint Nick , and When the River Meets the Sea -RRB- . Do not support this -LSB- cd -RSB- ! If you grew up listening to this album every Chirstmas like I did - you will be very dissapointed !
 This is normally a 5 star album , but I am deducting a star for each song that was -LRB- savagely -RRB- cut from the album . I fully recommend purchasing the 13 song version of this album , not the 10 song version . Unfortunately , it is out of print and hard to find . Thus , I reccommend EBAY or HALF.COM and buy it used . It will be worth whatever extra amount of money you have to pay , just read the rest of the reviews to find that out .
 I recieved this CD as a gift . I was excited since I listened to this album as a child . After listing to it I realaized that there was 3 songs missing . Little Saint Nick with Animal on the drums , Have Yourself a Merry LIttle Christmas and When the River Meets the Sea . I was dissapointed with this CD . Had it not been a gift I would have not bought it myself .
 my vewiew of them is not all that good . even though i do like them a little bit . i think that they can write there own songs and stop copping tha back street boys . Thats how they make there money is by taking there songs . dont take this personal , this is my oppion
 Skips in many places . Not like the vinyl version . I was expecting more than what we got . would not buy again from this site
 I still have not gotten the cd and I have sent an email telling the person that I have not gotten it and I have n't gotten a reply back from that person . This is the first time that this has happened and I would like to know what to do to fix it
 I am a most ardent fan of Iz , I own every CD and the other DVDs - he is my favorite musician , EVER . I did not like this DVD . I did not get any sense of the beauty and true Aloha spirit that I have found in his music - it seemed kind of amaturish , and like they had to include every thing any one said just to stretch it out . I wish someone would make a really good biography for him - there was something about him that went way beyond the music and into the heart for a lot of us , and you just could not see that in this attempt . I wo n't even watch it a second time .
 I listened to the tracks of this album here at Amazon and I was n't real impressed with this CD album . I did n't find the music real authentic . It is sort of more modernized Greek dance music . Listen to the tracks and decided for yourself .
 I love his words and the music - he has great talent for writing and creating hit songs - but he can not sing at all . It is painful to listen to his singing . I do like the man 's poetry and other spoken CDs -LRB- The Sea , The Earth , The Sky etc. -RRB- but this is not something that you would wish to listen to more than once or twice . It is not relaxing or enjoyable.I was greatly disappointed with this CD collection - I think he needs to stick to what he does best - speaking poetry and writing songs hits for other people .
 The songs are in a traditional Egyptian rythmn which makes them easy to dance to and play zills , but I found the emphasis on singing not very appealing . There are few drum solos since most of the tracks are songs , and there is not much variety . As a dancer , I am less interested in this CD than in others that have less emphasis on singing and more emphasis on varied rythms and drums .
 I bought this because my current copy of the CD has a loud click and missing audio exactly 40 seconds into Nine Feet Underground.Imagine my surprise when I discovered that this `` REMASTERED '' version with bonus tracks has exactly the same problem.This is no improvement over the previous DERAM release , and I recommend looking for a copy from a different label .
 This is a pretty useless single , sorry , but it is . Two tracks , neither of which are exclusive to the CD . I 've never been a fan of Cinnamon Girl , I always thought the track was one of their weakest , and the remix is really nothing special . The edit of Love You to Death only detracts from how great the original , full length song is . Nothing new here , for completists only .
 I bought this CD because I really love this music . I saw Missing Persons live on the tour to promote this album . What an awesome show . What an awesome sound . I still find that 's true today.However , it 's CDs like these , touted as remixed -LRB- and do n't get me wrong , most are good -RRB- that make me wish there was some standard in the record industry as to what `` remixed '' really means . Whose specifications are used for the remix ? And is it remastered to simply remove tape hiss from the original analog recording ? Or is it remixed to be `` new and improved '' sound ? And if that is the case , then who decides what 's new and improved?What plagues this disk is the crappy , inconsistent mix . The first two tracks are missing any semblance of the POWERFUL bass drum of Terrio Bozzio . It gets better -LRB- but never quite right -RRB- on some tracks after the first two . Also missing is clarity on the cymbals . The mix on them is muddy . The rest of the disc has issues throughout . It seems as if when the cymbals are clear and not weak , something else suffers . I can not cite a single track where everything is totally right in the mix . Just to be sure I was n't losing my mind , I took out my mint-condition vinyl copy of this album and played it . What a difference . My vinyl copy shines ! It 's so much better than this shoddy product I just got stuck with.It seems as if Capitol records just released this disc just to capitalize on the whole `` retro '' thing without paying much attention to quality . Shame on you , Capitol records.I only gave this two stars because my listening experience was so negatively affected by the annoying mix . Do yourself a favor and find a good copy of this on vinyl .
 The best thing about New Wave after this album is that there was n't any . This fortunately was officially the tail end of the scene . I did n't mind the jerky robot singing of Devo but this stuff was just an annoying bad copy of it . They were the ultimate pretentious new wave band ever , they looked like they went to New Wave ' R Us to get their outfits . This woman cant sing , she sounds like a bird being tortured and the band is sickening bubblegum mush . I 'm just glad they killed the genre .
 The masters on these ` 08 Japan mini-sleeve CD 's are the same exact masters produced in 1990 for the original issue of all the Be-Bop albums on CD , with the same bonus tracks . They are DESPERATELY in need of a sonic make-over . It 's nice having the original LP cover replicas , as the artwork for the Be-Bop albums were always imaginative affairs . However , the cost of these ` sleeve editions , vs. the 18-year old audio , is an investment you really have to strain yourself to make.Unless you just HAVE TO HAVE the ` sleeves , if you already own the jewel-case versions , you should pass on these.WHAT IS A JAPAN `` MINI-LP-SLEEVE '' CD?Have you ever lamented the loss of one of the 20th Century 's great art forms , the 12 '' vinyl LP jacket ? Then `` mini-LP-sleeve '' CD 's may be for you.Mini-sleeve CDs are manufactured in Japan under license . The disc is packaged inside a 135MM X 135MM cardboard precision-miniature replica of the original classic vinyl-LP album . Also , anything contained in the original LP , such as gatefolds , booklets , lyric sheets , posters , printed LP sleeves , stickers , embosses , special LP cover paper/inks/textures and/or die cuts , are precisely replicated and included . An English-language lyric sheet is always included , even if the original LP did not have printed lyrics.Then , there 's the sonic quality
 Whoa , was this ever crap ! This is a cheesey American rendition and compilation collection that , quite frankly , SUX !! It 's got two good tracks -LRB- return to the toxic caves and chaos jam -RRB- , but as for the others , they were n't great . Infact , they 're barely game related , they 're mere compositions . ! If you 're a die-hard Sonic fan then get it by all means , but if you just like sonic -LRB- or the music -RRB- passively then do n't bother !!
 walking on sunshine was catchy but that 's the Problem with some of these songs more catchier than overall good.Katrina & the waves were pretty much a time period thing.but that 's as Good as it gets with them .
 Regarding the review of Wesley Horton -LRB- Edmond , Ok -RRB- on 20 January 2005 , I agree with his assertion that the subject of the song was a plane crash , not a car crash . However , part of his argument for that is based on the following lyrics ; Then I looked straight at the attendant ; his face is pale as it can behe bends and whispers something softlyhe says there 's no chance for me.I think he is assuming that the attendant is a male flight attendant , which would lend support to his claim that the song is about a plane crash . At that time , however , flight attendants 1 -RRB- were almost exclusively female , and 2 -RRB- were referred to as `` stewardesses , '' not `` flight attendants . '' -LRB- The term `` flight attendant '' did not come into use until years after the song was written . -RRB- I think the attendant referred to in the song is likely an * ambulance * attendant -LRB- in the days before `` E.M.T. 's , '' etc. -RRB- encountered after the crash.I agree with his assertion , but I think the support for it is based upon a faulty interpretation of the term `` attendant '' in this section of the lyrics .
 ... and I can spell it for you
 The idea of a virgin facing off with zombies if both exciting and titalating , but nothing made sense in this movie . The zombie scenes had nothing to do with the story -- even though the story was non-existent and never there to begin with . No one gets eaten in this one folks . This movie repeats scenes a lot , which tells you the type of creativity piled to make this project . A heap of pony loaf smells better than this DVD waste . DO NOT BUY OR RENT THIS ! No zombie action , no point , no story , and no gore . Franco ... !
 this movie is called Zombie 4
 I first came across this movie on vhs rougly 6 or 7 years ago . I was browsing the horror section of a local Suncoast when I first discovered it . The cover had several grotesque looking zombies on it and the description of the film sounded pretty good so I took it home and watched it thinking I was in for a real surprise ! I sure was ! Too bad the surprise was that not only was this film so bad but it did n't even have anything to do with zombies . I have watched this movie a dozen times and still have no clue what it 's about . There 's no story , no plot , no zombies and it ends so abruptly that if you 're not sitting down when it ends you 'll fall over . It 's like having the carpet pulled out from under you . Funny thing is I thought this would be the one film that would never see the light of day on dvd . Shows how much I know about marketing . I gave this film one star but only because that 's the lowest I could go . Otherwise this movie would be in the red .
 A Virgin Among the Living Dead -LRB- Jess Franco , 1973 -RRB- Typical Franco dreck -LRB- co-directed , IMDB tells me , by fellow schlockmeister Jean Rollin -RRB- about a hot chick -LRB- The Dead Are Alive 's Christina von Blanc in her final big-screen appearance -RRB- who goes to Montserrat to attend the reading of her father 's will and finds out that her family is ... not quite what she remembers . I 'm sure , given the title , it 's not a spoiler to tell you they 're all undead , and she has to figure out how to get away before they ensnare her in ... well , okay , that WOULD be a spoiler . Not that the plot is all that important to Franco ' vision , as it usually is n't ; he 's way too busy plotting ways to get the actresses he 's filming naked as much of the time as possible . While this is usually a laudable goal , and when you 're dealing with von Blanc , Britt Nichols , and Anne Libert -LRB- both of whom return from Franco 's '72 hit Dracula 's Daughter -RRB- , there 's nothing wrong with that at all . But when turning it into a movie you 're planning on releasing , you should probably either couch that nudity in a plot that actually works or simply turn the thing into a softcore flick and be done with it.Giesen and Hahn 's infamous -LRB- and highly entertaining -RRB- book The Worst Films of All Time lists this . I do n't agree . Hell , I 'm not even convinced it 's the worst film Jess Franco -LRB- who is still active , and just directed his 192nd film , Paula-Paula , with the indefatigable Lina Romay -RRB- ever put out -LRB- I have n't seen a tenth of the guy 's output , but as far as I 'm concerned that would be Oasis of the Zombies -RRB- . It 's certainly not the worst thing I saw this weekend . If you 're familiar with Franco 's work , you know what you 're getting with this . If not , just be warned that Franco is obsessed with naked chicks to the detriment of plot , character development , etc. , and you 'll be ready for it . *
 Savatage had put out three full blast metal attacks in a row in the form of Sirens , Power of the Night and The Dungeons Are Calling . After which they changed gears for this album which sees the band take a step back from the leather and spikes traditional metal fare of their previous offerings for a more acceptable commercially version of themselves . Not that this is n't quite obviously Savatage for anyone who knows them well but for a newcomer who had merely heard the name Savatage as an inside tip from some more established metalhead this album could perhaps be somewhat of a confusion and fans of this mob have often pointed to this album as somewhat of a blip in the bands catalogue.Specifically the points to consider when viewing this album in relation to their other albums is that the lyrics were somewhat dumber . The change in style can be viewed in a number of manifestations . Firstly there are songs like the title track that despite the dumb title is pretty muscular really even if the lyrical bent is the sort of tosh that Euro bands and third tier 80 's style Hollyrock bands have peddled relentlessly over the years , full of hollow sentiment about how ready to rock we all are and how you 've got ta , well , Fight for the Rock . But all up , as I said , not a bad song musically and that carries the song a long way towards acceptance in a sort of numbskull way.Other tunes on the album are more infested with the softer play for cash sentiments of much of this release such as Crying for Love although that 's not to deny the guilty pleasure that a number of these tunes can elicit in the listener as the band are not wholly submerged into a candy coated version of 80 's metal , the bands utterly metallic nature proving too strong to be totally watered down and thus we get a number of good riffs and melodies.To be fair , some of the way this album has come to be viewed by the bands fanbase is to a certain extent unfair given it at least shows the band willing to stretch out and become more open to the use of slower structures that allow their songs to breath more . And it has to be said this expanded use of dynamics did pay dividends for the band on later releases . The simple fact is that this band had the talent to address a number of hard rock and metal styles - in fact also styles way outside of the hard rock universe , but here the transition is just too abrupt , the use of cheesy mid 80 's keyboards/organs and other studio trickery not really gelling with the music . Not to mention the cheesy band photos that were just so far from their previous look and the thing just does n't feel right . Though their cover of Wishing Well does provide a few chuckles ... But as I said , some good riffs and a few good ideas . But not the Savatage we were used to in the early days and nowhere near the more inclusive and interesting experience we became accustomed to in their later years.For completists only .
 This is almost glam crap ! The saving points are 1 -RRB- its Savatage , 2 -RRB- Criss , Jon , and the boys still rock , 3 -RRB- its kind of heavy and 4 -RRB- another interesting morph of Savatage . Even the guys in the band agree that this was n't so great . But for about $ 10 adding this to your collection is n't too risky , especially if you love this excellent band . DO NOT make this your first purchase of Savatage .
 Let 's be sincere to ourselves
 For collectors only . This record is a conglomeration of uninteresting metal tunes weighed down by generic subject matter , boring instrumentation , and shallow lyrics . Uninspired covers of `` Day After Day '' and `` Wishing Well '' do n't help . A major disappointment from a band that has done much better work .
 Thanks God that Savatage proved to be gifted musicians after this album , then proceeding to achieve a great status inside the world of metal . Because , in this FIGHT FOR THE ROCK , we do n't get a clue of what was to come . The album is immersed in thwe wrost glam cliches ever written , it 's cold , formulatic , really disgusting . Nothing good comes out of it , except one or two good riffs .
 Fight For The Rock was Savatage 's attempt to reach a more main-stream audience and their music suffered accordingly . Normally , an exceptionally excellent metal band , this album is the one that only dedicated Savatage fans will `` enjoy '' . As other reviewers have noted , in spite of it 's many weak moments a couple of the songs are quite good which makes the disc worthwhile if your aim is to collect every Savatage album -LRB- as I have -RRB- . Do not buy this if you are new to Savatage , instead allow me to recommend `` The Wake Of Megellan '' , `` Streets '' , or `` Hall Of The Mountain King '' .
 THis is the first -LRB- and only , thanks !! -RRB- time SAVATAGE tried hard to go mainstream , producing an awful glam album full of boring music and without any merits . It 's a shame to the band discography , but they proved to be better than this and changed into one of the best American metal bands .
 As a child , I was there buying Big daddy 's model build sets in 1964 ! Along with other model sets like Dracula and Frankenstein . Ed Roth was not known for any type of music but he did release three bad albums that had great artwork in the covers . And that 's why I bought them . But the music contained within was silly , stupid and a waste of time . Certainly not enjoyable by any means . And then the release of the songs on this CD set came and I could not beleive that people bought it . It was so putrid and the artwork was miniature in comparison . It 's best that you buy the original album covers no matter what shape the records are in . It 's cheaper and more fun to have . And it 's still freaks out the young people when they see it . It 's great to see their reaction!Three sellers who want to sell their `` three CD set '' have given me negatives , but it is what it is !
 This is NOT the orginal game score for Vectorman . If you want the original , this will not satisfy . It is an interesting remix .
 I bought this CD hoping it would be something like Sicko , one of my favorite bands . As much as I hate to say it , I was disappointed . You can tell it 's one of the same guys doing the songs , but it 's just not the same . This album sounds more like REM than Sicko .
 I was disappointed with this album . A lot of the songs sound the same especially towards the end of the album . I know the drummer who played on the album and he hates it .
 I received my order , the packaging was in great shape but the CD and it 's case were disturbing . The case was broken , and the CD looked as if though it had been skidded down a sidewalk . I tried to clean the CD and then play it in my CD player , . the CD started to play for about 5 seconds and then that was it , there is no way the seller missed this ! I will never use this seller again .
 If you want the original because you remember when it was popular , do n't buy this cd .
 If you like punk that wo n't ever get big because it lacks a good melody , then this is your band . There is a reason I 've never heard of the Avengers ... Some people obviously like this type of punk , but not many . There are hundreds of groups like these guys out there , but they seem to have better production than most . Does n't make up for their sins , though .
 the CD has the list for the soundtrack , not this anthology !
 Well I pretty much agree that this is an underrated album by one of the better prog rock bands ever , what I want to discuss here is the sound quality of this so-called remaster . What was the remastering done on a Commadore 64 ? I have been dubbing alot of my vinyl onto cd when I pulled out my very used `` The Missing Piece '' , and noticed a few scratches so I went to Amazon and bought the `` remastered '' edition . I have never been so disappointed with a cd until now . The highs are harsh and the bass response is almost none existent . DRT Entertainment should be ashamed of themselves to put out a `` remastered '' cd of this poor quality .
 I have never liked this album ! I think side one is GG at theirleast listenable , even tho ' the chorus for , '' I 'M TURNING AROUND `` is very strong and may be the highlight of the album . Low points : `` TWO WEEKS IN SPAIN '' and the embarassing rocker '' I BETCHA THOUGHTWE COULD N'T DO IT '' . Side two is just a tad better than side one , tho ' it 's rendered practically unlistenable by it 's over pro-duction . ME NO LIKE !!!
 I 'm only a late commer to GG and respect their music for its complexity and musicianship.This is one of their last albums and is a sell out to the recording companies who wanted ` pop ' tunes.If you like their previous albums , do n't waste your time on this one . Lots of simple 4/4 tunes and little to recommend it .
 o.k. i reviewed another album by this guy-girl rock `` band '' and this time i will be brief . . it sucks ! BAD ... . the girl plays guitar badly and screams and wails like a cat in a microwave . . The guy drums . . That 's bout it folks . . Like i said with the last review , this disc will make a nice coaster for drinks at your next get together . Just make sure no one makes the mistake of putting this in your disc player . your party would die instantly .
 If you 're hoping for tuff dubplate remixes , this is not the place to turn . `` A who sey mi dun '' is given a weak treatment ; mad lion 's track is nothing new ; the dancehall classic `` If i was a rich girl '' gets re-licked on a pop beat . Jigsy and tony curtis have the only halfway-strong remix on this.The rest is a joke ; weak foundation remixes of minor hits . There 's a million other remixes to get , besides the hot ones you can cop on the street . why waste your time with this one ?
 I listened to the tracks of this album here at Amazon and I was n't real impressed with this CD album . I did n't find the music real authentic . It is sort of more modernized Greek dance music . Listen to the tracks and decided for yourself .
 If you are new to Gentle Giant , or you have one or two albums and want to expand , you might want to skip over this one . This album is what `` Under Wraps '' was to Jethro Tull or `` Love Beach '' was to ELP . Ok , ok , the Love Beach thing was a low blow . Let 's just say ... Giant For A Day is for the hard core fan only . For a better `` later '' GG album , try `` The Missing Piece '' .
 This is unfortunately the worst Gentle Giant -LRB- which is weird to say since all the rest are good ! -RRB- The band hit a very low point with this , their second to last album . The only songs that are worth mentioning are the title track , Words to the Wise , and Friends , which is the only song featuring drummer John Weathers on lead vocals . Most of the rest are very bland . One of the really bad songs is Spooky Boogie ; extremely un-Gentle Giant.I 'd only recommend getting this if you have every other album and only want to complete the collection.JR
 What was a great progressive rock band like Gentle Giant doing wasting their talent recording this kind of bland pop?The best comparisons I can come up with here are to groups like the Little River Band or perhaps Pablo Cruise or Player . This is just pop , sometimes with a mellow California angle -LRB- e.g. `` Friends and `` No Stranger '' -RRB- , sometimes trying to rock out -LRB- e.g. `` Little Brown Bag '' and `` Rock Climber '' -RRB- , and sometimes veering into New Wave/synth-pop -LRB- e.g. the title track . -RRB- Like most other late 70 's pop albums from the aforementioned bands like Player , this is just a throwaway , unless you actually * like * this kind of very dated , bland pop . The mystery is why they decided to take this direction right after reaching their musical pinnacle with some of the most creative , challenging music ever recorded in the rock genre on albums like _ The Power and the Glory _ , _ In A Glass House _ , _ Free Hand _ , and _ Interview _ ? This is talent gone to waste . They should have stuck with what they did best and left the pop to those with less imagination and talent . For Gentle Giant completists only .
 With the exception of John Weathers ' blissfull song ` Friends ' there is not a good track on this CD . It is filled with tired half rock songs . Musically they were totally lost . Incredibly they manged to recover from this disaster to produce the much more listenable rocker ` Civilian ' . Gentle Giant were never a good rock band though . Stick to early stuff to find what they really about .
 Bowing to pressure from the record companies , GG did the only thing they could at the advent of the punk era
 Of Gentle Giant 's original albums , this was the weakest . If you 're building a Gentle Giant collection save this one toward the end . As others have noted , this does not represent Gentle Giant doing what they do best . If I recall correctly , by this time the band was in the orbit of consultant Lee Abrams who was doing his best to help the band find a happy meeting ground where they could sufficiently compromise to meet the needs of commercial radio playlists . While I do enjoy plenty of mainstream rock and even outright glucose confection , I recognize that such an approach did not play to Gentle Giant 's strengths.That said , although I tossed this to the used vinyl bins back in the day , now that individual downloads are available I selected `` Little Brown Bag '' , `` Friends '' , `` Words From The Wise '' and `` Spooky Boogie '' as the redemptive moments from this disappointment . Those newly interested in the band should hastily gravitate toward `` In A Glass House '' , `` Power and the Glory '' , `` Octopus '' , `` Free Hand '' and `` Interview '' as a starting point . I must admit that I 'm glad that Gentle Giant 's salvo at commercial acceptance failed . I 'd hate to see them have endured another twenty years issuing the equivalent of `` Abacab '' .
 - The band finally caved to their label 's insistence that they do a `` commercial '' album.They did n't know how to make commercial music , and it shows -LRB- they finally figured it out on the next -LRB- and last -RRB- album , CIVILIAN , but by then it was too late -RRB- . There are only one or two good songs here - everything else is as embarrassing to GG fans as TORMATO is to Yes fans!But , I have to say the guitar riff that opens `` Little Brown Bag '' rocks my face off.Completists only need apply . -
 Back in 1978 , after buying half a dozen other Gentle Giant albums -LRB- I especially recommend the PRETENSIOUS best-of -RRB- , I thought this was The Worst Album Ever Made . Though this is MILES more commercial than their earlier work , it 's not even close to being the Worst Album Ever . There are at least 3 keepers
 for a long time through an unknown land and be at the mercy of the musical taste of the local radio station 's DJ , this album is a good alternative - it will not distract your attention from reading the road signs . Yet you may enjoy some guitar passages and the vocals on Words Of The Wise , bits and pieces of the old glory -LRB- but not the old power -RRB- . Amazing is their ease of imitating different musical styles but overall the music is mediocre though some pieces would make an honor to such groups as Aerosmith or Bon Jovi .
 We crack your head in half -LRB- a big , back woods semi retarded giant head -RRB- it was n't funny but we laughed something something something i forgot cauz im not a painted up fairy who listens to that trash -LRB- that much -RRB- .
 I give it 2 1/2 stars.I ended up waiting awhile before getting my hands on a copy of this sole lp reissue by The Barbarians , a short lived -LRB- 1964-66 -RRB- garage rock & roll band from Cape Cod , MA.Maybe it was my strong anticipation for this ` Are You A Boy ... ' disc , but I was a bit let down.Seems that the band itself did n't pen out any of the album 's material here.Several decent tracks are present , like the title cut `` Are You A Boy Or Are You A Girl ? '' , their covers of Dylan 's `` Mr.Tambourine Man '' , their half-hearted cover of the Animal 's `` House Of The Rising Sun '' , `` Bo Diddley '' -LRB- they actually do a good job -RRB- and `` Suzy Q '' . Then there 's a ditty about their one-hand drummer `` Moulty '' which is okay.Several super-lame instrumentals seem to deter from the overall appeal of this CD , I thought.I plan to keep my copy.It 's just that ` Are You ... ' could have been SO much better.Outside of a few TV appearances and their gig on ` The T.A.M.I. Show ' , I doubt many would even remember these guys.Line-up : Jeff Morris and Bruce Bensen-guitars , Jerry Causi-bass and Victor Moulton -LRB- aka Moulty -RRB- - drums & vocals.Might appeal to fans of The Outcasts , The Seeds , ? & The Mysterians and Count Five .
 This had songs that got boring after the first time you heard it.Don ' t buy it it 's horrible
 I used to be obsessed when it came to downloading WWE entrance theme music back in the late 90 's -LRB- before WWE sent out warnings to wrestling websites threatening to sue them if they did n't remove those music files immediately -RRB- . There 's no denying that the WWE used to have a fair share of amazing theme songs used exclusively for the wrestlers back in the mid 90 's ; songs that were memorable , distinct , and suitable for the character that walked out from behind the curtains and stood before a large , cheering audience before heading to the ring for a match.Unfortunately , as the years went by , WWE gradually began to throw all those distinctive musical ideas away , and instead gave their wrestlers nothing but generic heavy metal guitar riffs or generic hip-hop beats , which are quite popular in the WWE today -LRB- in the year 2006 -RRB- . All this added up to many of the wrestlers having the same predictable and uninteresting theme songs by the time 2002 rolled around . It 's been almost five years now and the WWE does n't seem ready to go back to the days of musical variety any time soon.This collection of songs , released around the time of Wrestlemania 15 in the late 90 's , caught the WWE at a time when they began to show signs of losing that musical creativity but still holding on and coming through with some interesting theme songs -LRB- but barely -RRB- . Some of those themes made it on to this Volume 3 collection.A few years after this albums release the WWE REALLY began to slip when it came to musical diversity -LRB- they also started slipping in other areas such as in the popularity and creativity department , thanks to a weak creative team that kept going back to the well and using the same storylines over and over until viewers finally got sick of seeing the same wrestlers on TV all the time and the same predictable backstage segments , which of course led to much lower ratings and lower attendance on a permanent weekly basis that 's still a problem to this day - but that 's another story -RRB- . Now , the collection of music on this Volume 3 CD is n't perfect by any means , and it 's not music that 's meant to be taken seriously - in other words , do n't even think about comparing the music on this disc to that of classical or jazz or anything . Even comparing most of this album to rock and roll would be laughable since none of the music here is really THAT interesting . It 's merely fun , catchy music meant to make you feel good , and allow you to look back and think about the world of wrestling in the late 90 's , and probably bring back other , non-wrestling related memories as well . What were YOU doing in 1999 ? Let 's talk about the songs . Dude Love 's music is some disco-like tune that really reminds me of the middle section of Razor Ramon 's old mid 90 's entrance theme . In fact , Stone Cold 's theme featured on this disc is very much like the MAIN melody to Razor 's old theme . Sure , the SOUND of Stone Cold 's music is more like hard rock , but the notes are the same . Maybe it 's not a coincidence . Maybe the people in the WWE who created many of the wrestling theme songs at the time were trying desperately to come up with new melodies , but they could n't do it so they just took out a couple sections of Razor 's old theme and split it into two separate melodies and gave it to Stone Cold and Dude Love figuring no one would notice . I did ! Hey , the WWE likes to repeat ideas all the time and pretend it 's something new and fresh in an attempt to fool the viewers , so it 's very well possible they did it again with the entrance themes.I had a friend who somehow managed to convince my entire 12th grade classmates to use Stone Cold 's theme for the graduation song . I think in that respect the music worked , and everyone seemed to enjoy it . But to be honest , I 'm not crazy about the song . Sure , it fits the `` take no crap from anyone '' character of Stone Cold , but the notes I 'm hearing really are n't very interesting to me . Typical commercial hard rock/heavy metal , that 's what it is.The Undertaker 's theme is really not that great either because it 's just your typical gothic heavy metal tune with an orchestrated sound . There 's an expression here
 I own this alblum and I am a fan of the WWF and its brand of sports-enterainment , which makes me sad that I must give this alblum 1 star . None of the songs on the alblum are worth listening to for over minute . After that minute the songs just start to sound like they did when the song first started . They just start repeating . Sable 's song is unbearable to listen to . There are a few good ones such as Undertaker 's and Stone Cold 's , but that is it . I should have reviewed this a long time ago so people would know .
 I 'd rather slide down a banister embedded with razor blades into a vat of vinegar than listen to this dreck .
 this is horrible who would want to listen to enterance music all day ? i love wrestling but there is no way i would buy this garbage . I only have two words for this cd
 This album sucked badly . I do n't understand why people love seeing guys in tights hitting each other . It is terrible how people could actually spend money on this album
 WWF - The Music , Vol . 3I personally never had a desire for the CD . I just happened to find it cheap and picked it up . While most themes work on Monday Night Raw , they do not make for a good two minute track . Most of the themes are on a loop for the entire cycle . The only true song on this entire album is the Oddities Theme . It is performed by Insane Clown Posse , and happens to be one of their least offensive songs . The others songs with lyrics are two different versions of the D-X theme . One is X-Pac 's version of the song and the other is the original version . These songs will still loop though.If you liked WWF in the late-90s , you might find this CD a bit amusing . Most of the songs are mixtures of Rock , techno , and random words . I personally like listening to the themes of Edge , Gangrel , Undertaker , and a few others . They work great as background music when working out . The fact that the songs are on loop makes for a horrible listen . This is only to be used as background music that you will not pay much attention .
 How can you listen to repetitions of jingles all day ? This should have cost five bucks . It is way overpriced . It is for people taht wrestle and want to act like wrasslers .
 Personally I think Leo 's at his best when playing straight acoustic 6 or 12 string guitar , which is by far the lesser part of this album . The guitar work is there on this album but it 's diluted by a lot of heavy-handed production , excessive studio musicians , Leo 's bad singing and often trite lyrics to top it off.I suppose if you 're a real Leo Kottke fan you 'll put up with his singing but for me it 's a detraction here . I also hate it when Garrison Keillor sings on his radio show so maybe that 's indicative of something . The guitar playing would stand on its own just fine though.Not to say that Mr Kottke should never sing - apparently at one point he had to cut the guitar dynamics for awhile because it hurt his hands , and some of his later work has much better lyrics and more of a personal touch , albeit with less guitar stuntwork . `` That 's What '' as well as `` Peculiaroso '' are good examples of such . The music is quirky , funny and creative there.Anyhow I think a lot of the other reviews of this album are written by forgiving Kottkeholics , which I 'm really not one of . The more typical listener looking for a good intro to Kottke would probably be a lot happier with a classic like `` Six & Twelve String Guitar '' instead .
 Your best bet is to pay a little more and get a compilation fromthe Capitol Lounge series . This is primarily a mish mash of `` has beens '' not even on the top of their game . The only true spark of life hear is track # 13 with Mae West babbling on during `` Picado '' . You 'll be playing this disc for back , back , backgroundfor sure , as no one will be paying much attention .
 I worshipped them in the early 70s . They were so quirky and certainly sounded like no one else . However in retrospect I can see how the early punks rejected them as pretentious wankers when they took their strange cabaret-style act to England . What I thought was a great album now just sounds like a bad acid trip preserved by wafer-thin production values , and just listen to the ` percussion ' behind the first few lines of ` Walking Down A Road ' . It 's appalling . Roxy Music 's Phil Manzanera certainly recognized talent when he heard it though , and improved some of the better tracks of ` Mental Notes ' on ` Second Thoughts ' -LRB- an apt title considering the improvement in production and arrangements -RRB- . In the 70 's I thought Phil Judd 's vocals were strange and disturbing , but now they sound like someone over-acting in some psuedo-macabre high school panto . Anyway , that was then and this is now . Early 70 's Pink Floyd and the Doors -LRB- and a fair bit of Genesis -RRB- still cut the mustard , but this one -LRB- to my ears -RRB- sounds disjointed and as flat as a tack . I actually much prefer their later stuff e.g. ` Conflicting Emotions ' . Hey , is n't that what I 'm experiencing now ? Wow , that really is ` Stranger Than Fiction ! '
 In his music , Beenie Man advocates killing gays . More than30 gays have been killed in Jamaica , where he comes from.His music has lots of influence there . In some cases mobssang his anti-gay songs while they killed a man who might have been gay.When asked to apologize and change his ways he wrote a song about how hewould not apologize . If someone advocated the killingof Blacks or Jews , they would not be tolerated . It seems strangethat in the 21st century the world still tolerates someonewho advocates the killing of gays . I suspect that the worldwould not tolerate this if white men were getting killed.Please do n't support him by purchasing his music .
 I love the platters and has not found a cd in my town , thus I was glad to be able to get it on the internet
 I played for Ringling Brothers several times . I do n't know who these guys are , but I know the Ringling band I played for never sounded like this . This is not good at all .
 Oh , it 's authentic all right - an authentic pick-up band -LRB- hopefully -RRB- sight-reading isolated parts from marching band arrangements . Poor voicings , arrangements and technically sloppy - at best ! I believe this is the worst recording I have ever heard of a more-or-less professional recording group . Buy it if you must , in quantity even , and make a beeline for the nearest skeet range so this recording will not have been made in vain . I do believe I smell horses ...
 Sounds like a second rate circus band . Not very impressive but useful if the repertoire appeals to the buyer .
 I waited a long time for a compilation of the Royal Guardsmen 's work and , boy , was this a disappointment ! All of the tracks from the Snoopy and His Friends LP are muddy sounding . Return of the Red Baron has an entire channel missing which cuts out all of the sound effects and the intro is chopped off . Snoopy for President has two words edited out of the opening line , making it sound like a record that skipped while it was playing ! Also , the compilation is not exactly perfect either , as lame covers of sixties classics like I 'm A Man -LRB- which the Guardsmen can not do justice to -RRB- and So You Want to Be a Rock and Roll Star -LRB- which they do as an instrumental ! -RRB- are included over tracks like So Right -LRB- to be in love -RRB- and It Kinda Looks Like Christmas . Someone needs to do another compilation like this and make some improvements .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !! It is missing key sound effects and intro on `` Return of the Red Baron '' and even some on `` Snoopy vs. Red Baron . '' The people who put this together were only interested in collecting your money and not checking to see if they got it right .
 I was very disappointed in this recording , which includes the songs of the Royal Guardsman seemingly thrown together at random . Also , the recording lacked the story that was so much a part of Snoopy vs. The Red Baron . In the original album , there was a story to high command 's search for a hero that would rid the skies of the Red Baron that led into Snoopy vs. The Red Baron . This was followed by the story of how the Red Baron was shot down and everyone wondered if he was dead , followed by the song Return of the Red Baron . This led into the story of the break down of the Christmas Truths talks and then into the song Snoopy 's Christmas . Down Behind the Lines is a natural follow up to Snoopy 's Christmas , followed by the Littlest Astronaught and Snoopy for President . Without this structure and story , the recording looses its appeal . All of the songs referring to Snoopy should come first , followed by the rest . A great disappointment .
 I bought this album for &#34; Snoopy 's Christmas . &#34; I could have saved my money if I just downloaded this one song .
 I just finished reviewing the album of what I thought to be Snoopy Christmas . The one I remembered form 30 + years ago was a red album cover with snoopy flying a plane and the song Christmas Candy song by a woman . I am guessing it was by the Royal Guardsman by now I am thinging it might not be . I ma dissapointed that I do n't remember the guardsman to be as good as I remembered so long ago .
 Do n't buy this in hopes that it is the soundtrack you remember listening to while playing the game . While listening to this `` Game CD '' I BARELY heard anything that RESEMBLED what I remember to be key music in the game . Still it was a nice idea to have this soundtrack made , however it is not the original music the sega game tracked . Your best best bet if you liked the music is to go to the jukebox in the menu option of the game and burn that on a CD . And be sure to label that the CD box the soundtrack as not to confuse others .
 The clay faced musician , Howard Drossin , whose most notable projects include his intense work on video game soundtracks . He created the whole album himself , played every instrument and sang his heart out to deliver this heavy hitting CD of epic proportion . It perfectly captures the music from the SEGA classic , which coincidentally was also created by Mr. Drossin . This picture perfectly chapters the stoned vocals and lethal perceptions of Howard Possard . The album features post apocalyptic grudge sequence and deep rooted blues and jazz sequence , followed by a riveting drum sequence which will knock those spokes off . The best track is the prolific `` Fred MY Disease . '' It features intensive drum belted accompanied by hilthrong vocals of the southern musician . The prosthetic chapter conveys sweat and bullocks with the redundant drum beat and symphonious cacophony of organs and horns .
 I was disappointed in this recording . A lot of it sounds like just a cacophony of finger exercises . True , he does play fast -- on and on -- boring .
 I am frankly appalled at this review . How can you call this the `` democratic Allende period in Chile '' ? It was an oppressive communist regime where people where regularly disappeared , tortured and expelled from there homes . As a member of a family that suffered loss of property and life under this `` democratic Allende period in Chile '' I am insulted and disgusted at the reviewers lack of knowledge about this critical period in Chile 's history . If you are going to write about it at least have the decency to read up on the subject before making a fool of yourself . Or just simply review the music do n't attempt to review the politics , you obviously do not have an adequate grasp of the subject .
 I 've got a pretty good collection of laid-back , Gram Parson 's influenced indie-country rock and no-depression type stuff and love most of it . I even like the Jayhawks . I have n't bought a cd I was sorry to buy in years , and I buy a couple of cds every week . Until I got this cd , I had a pretty stellar and luck-filled record . This is the first cd I 've bought in a while that I 've considered selling back or even throwing out . I find I am constantly whincing when I listen to this -- it 's that embarassing . The lyrics are absolutely terrible and the sentiment is worse than what you 'd find in a Hallmark card . I 've given it many listens and tried to like it , but the doggerel verse and out-of-tune , cringe-worthy music makes that impossible . Without a doubt this is the worse cd I 've bought in at least 2 years . What 's odd is that I 've only seen good reviews for it , which is partially why I bought it . I 'm writing this so at least there is another view displayed . If at all possible , see if you can find a sample of the lyrics and music before you buy .
 First off , a version of Blue Oyster Cult 's `` Godzilla '' dipped in molasses oozes from the speakers . But there 's no Buck Dharma and the singer is _ worse _ than Eric Bloom . Which takes some doing , lem me tell ya . Fu Manchu 's `` Eatin ' Dust '' almost makes it as a parody of Blue Cheer
 Sounds like finger nails on a chalk board . Had to trow it in the garbage .
 In keeping with their latest policy of rewriting music history and perverting the Beatles ' catalogue by remixing , overdubbing and editing , Apple has pulled George Martin out of retirement and commissioned him to raid the vaults and produce yet another volume of re-created material . The result ? A CD of remixed , edited and overdubbed crap designed exclusively to wring dollars from the ignorant masses , many of whom have never seen a 45 or LP and are willing to shell out money for anything with the name BEATLES on it.Exactly who would have ever thought that we needed to hear the solo from `` Taxman '' slapped into `` Day Tripper '' ? or the trumpet from `` Penny Lane '' stuck onto `` Strawberry Fields Forever . '' Or `` Sun King '' backwards?This album is junk , pure and simple . When it does produce high points , such as in `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' or `` Revolution , '' they 're edited , so we do n't get it all . Everything else is a mixed-up mess . The concept of tampering with the Beatles ' precious musical legacy like this is inexcusable .
 When I first heard about this release , I did n't even think about buying it . After reading all the positive reviews here on Amazon , I was pursuaded to buy this album.I was expecting some grandiose remixes , some completely mind blowing material , with songs completely rearranged.Although I did n't grow up in the 60 's listening to this band , I grew up with their music ... their songs were taught to us in elementary school , and I 've never stopped listening . So I fashion myself a Beatles fan , maybe not a Beatlemaniac . But I know the source material well enough.After listening to this `` new '' album , I came to the conclusion that this was not nearly bold enough . The hype surrounding this has been completely overblown . I understand what it is ... A Cirque Du Soleil soundtrack . So why not package it that way ? It is packaged as `` The BEatles like you 've never heard them ! `` The potential was there for this album ... but it seems as though the Martin 's did n't want to step on any toes whilst making this album . If you 're going to tamper with this holy grail of pop music , you ca n't do it half-hearted at 50 % . A few overdubs sprinkled here , some rearranging there , an alternate take mixed in ... that just does n't cut it.All of these songs are pretty much intact , as they were ... With new interwoven intro 's and outro 's ... the meat of the songs are mostly the same . Alot of things they tried simply did n't work . The string arrangement at the beginning of `` Octopus 's Garden '' does n't fit musically at all . Just an awful job . When the song finally kicks in , it is excellent . `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps '' is the obvious highlight of this album . The intro sounds a bit forced , and you notice the cut-and paste job , but I guess it works . The rest of the song is brilliant.The sound of the album is the only redeeming factor . The vocals are vibrant , crisp ... and makes you wish they 'd digitally remaster their whole catalog of music . `` I am the Walrus '' sounds absolutely stunning.This cd is n't the worst CD I 've ever bought , but it left me wanting more . More creativity , and more boldness . They could have gone in a million different directions with the source material.I 'm not sure who this cd was made for ... The hardcore fan or the new listener ? The two camps who oppose or support tampering this music?To me , they did n't do enough . Does that please the purists ?
 This is really just a one-listen curio dolled-up as `` Beatles Lite
 By all means try to get the best quality out of these recordings but why mix two or more songs together into a pointless medly.This is only slightly better than Stars on 45 .
 I was excited for this album a little skeptical but excited the las vegas show is a great idea . The music would be great in the show , not so much to listen too . Most of the songs could be made by a 10 year old slowing and speeding up the tracks on a computer and adding a guitar riff here and there . The song titles are not telling the truth for example blackbird/yesterday , i thought that could be cool , my kids love the black bird song , 6 seconds of the guitar from blackbird than yesterday starts . There is not 26 songs here some are just plain noise with a 10 second guitar riff . If you do not like the beatles alot or are heavily into acid and shrooms this might be a good buy for you .
 This album continues a distressing pattern of behavior begun during the Anthology project
 If you like the Beatles you might not like what has been done to their music on this album . I liken it to one of those K-tel brand album collections where you get hit songs sung by someone other than the original recording artist . Yes this is the Beatles but they are `` one off '' - you 'll know what I mean when I hear the album.I know that is the point but it could have been so much better rather than the `` Disneyfied '' approach they took . I believe that others have done more with the music -LRB- with less cooperation from EMI -RRB- . Ultimately a CD that is doomed to collect dust .
 The Beatles were the most innovative group of musicians in the history of rock-and-roll . Their list of contributions to the music world is extremely long and their influence on others extends in every direction for as far as the eye can see.It is inspiring to hear what The Beatles did with the primitive recording equipment of their day . That is part of what makes them so brilliant ; They created some of the greatest music of all time with machines that were 1/100th of what you can download on your computer today . And , yet , almost nobody with all the fancy new equipment can hold a candle to The Beatles.It is heresy to let someone take those hallowed master tapes and create a collage with them , using every form of digital gimmickry imaginable . It would be like having someone use a computer to etch cool looking designs all over the Mona Lisa . Sure , the result would be impressive and modern looking but it would also disrespect the brilliance of the original.It was bad enough when The Beatles `` Anthology '' treated a bunch of aborted takes and inferior alternate versions like great gems , worthy of the biggest hype known to man . It was worse when they molested the classic `` Let It Be '' album and re-released it to great fanfare . Now we have this digital finger-painting by people who were n't even members of the group.I just cringe at the thought of some young generation stumbling across the various post-Beatles re-workings and thinking that they are hearing the real thing . Would n't that be horrible?Sure , the surviving members and widows gave permission for this project to go forward . What will they approve next ? Maybe they can go back into the master tapes , erase all the lead vocals , and have the next winner of American Idol sing on them . Would n't that be a beautiful travesty , on par with `` Love '' ? They can call it `` American Beatles . '' Or they can slow down all the master tapes , play them backwards , and re-release them in a deluxe 20-disk box-set titled `` Beatle Rape . '' Oh , how about having George Martin collage together several of The Beatles ' hits with a bunch of old tapes of Yoko Ono screaming like a psychotic banshee ? You could call it `` Revolution Number 10 . '' The money-making possibilities are endless if you are sleazy enough and greedy enough ... Or you can just leave the original recordings alone and let them stand for the works of genius that they are ...
 That 's great that they 're trying to make The Beatles appealing to the new generations ... too bad they already ARE!I heard about this project earlier and thought maybe it was going to be great , then I realized it has nothing to do with the surviving members and OOOOOH their old producer had a hand in it . big deal . as you can see with `` Let it be ... Naked '' the surviving members did n't care for what became the original `` Let it be '' so much , that they had to re-release it the way it was SUPPOSED to be . How 's that for producing ? This album is just a Medley that is irritating to me . the song pairings they have do n't go well together . Pay attention to the lyrics and tell me they do . I tried , I seriously tried to listen to this , but it was annoying to know that the only reason it came out was because of Cirque de Soleil , not because of the Beatles . George Martin did n't make the Beatles who they are . he 's a hack . this album proves it . his `` cut and paste '' job does nothing for the music . I 'd rather listen to the originals rather than listen to this drivel that `` REMINDS '' me of the originals . Pick this up if you 're only a casual fan that needs a medley of their hits to remember what they sang . Do n't pick this up if you 're a purist . it 'll be a waste of money .
 Being an avid Beatles listener , I was curious about what this would sound like when it came out . Let 's just say that the version of While My Guitar Gently Weeps is nice . Other than that , I see nothing unique about Love other than a haphazard combination of random songs and studio -LSB- ... -RSB- . Can anyone explain the actual point of this album ??
 For some reason this CD fell flat for me and I am a Beatles fan .
 Well , I finally listened to it , and I absolutely hated it . The whole thing seems pointless . Who is this recording supposed to be for ? Who is responsible for this ? The Beatles ? Well , half of them are dead . Who stands to profit from this ? Paul McCartney and Yoko Ono of course , and since the name MARTIN is almost as big as the word BEATLES in all the ads , I assume the Martin family has decided to cash in . Fine , they all worked hard 40 years ago , everybody enjoys Beatles music , I do n't mind throwing them a bone . Wait , Giles Martin ? Who is that ? Ah , George Martin 's son . Maybe George Martin went deaf , then Giles Martin took his daddy 's tapes and went hog-wild with them on a computer . Because this sounds like something I could piece together in my living room with my Beatles cd 's and some fancy software . And this is apparently a souvenir to a Las Vegas show . And you can tell , because they 've managed to make the Beatles sound artificial and stupid . The connection between this and what the Beatles were about is tenuous at best . This is a cash-in , pure and simple . And while the Beatles certainly never left a check uncashed , they were not completely dedicated to chasing The Almighty Dollar . What is the purpose of this cd ? Is this intended for little children with no attention span ? Boomers with deep wallets who want something to irritate their grandchildren with ? Were the lyrics to Glass Onion so bad that only two or three lines from the song need to be heard anymore ? I 'm so glad I did n't pay for this . I say buy any one of the original albums instead of this dirty greedy artless business.This post has been edited by mittensonfire
 I love the Beatles and have been a huge fan for over 30 years . When other little kids were asking Santa for a Big Wheel or G.I. Joe I was asking for the White Album . Seriously ! Despite my love of The Beatles music , however , or maybe because of it , I find this to be an absoluetly worthless cd.I just do n't know what George Martin was thinking . I hope it 's just old age clouding his memory . These songs did not need messing with . This is n't Let It Be-Naked , which , incidentally , was more in line with what they originally wanted in the first place . This is just sloppy remix of various song that did n't need remixing in the first place.I honestly ca n't belive all the 5 star rating this gets . I mean come on people , yes The Beatles were great but trash is trash . Can any of you honestly say that any of these songs is better than the original ?
 When the Beatles work was reissued on CD , I was deeply frustrated by the mock-stereo , amateurish mixing , the better -LRB- or worse ? -RRB- examples being Sgt. Pepper 's , Revolver , White Album and Rubber Soul . It was -LRB- and still is -RRB- annoying to listen to these albums with headphones . I wondered then what happened with the `` magic touch '' of George Martin , and how he let his name be involved with those poor quality works . But Now ... what a surprise ! most of the `` Love '' mixing sound crispy and clear , almost none mock-stereo ! What happened ? About the album ` Love '
 This CD is not the fantastic , crazy mash-up we 've all been waiting for . I eagerly picked this up , thinking somebody had done something weird and wonderful with all those classic tunes , and honestly I could n't tell the difference in probably half the songs . Sure , maybe some lyrics are slightly different , maybe the music has been moved around , but most of these tracks could be outtakes from the original sessions . Either the mixer is n't all that creative or they just did n't take the time.There 's a brilliant mash-up Beatles CD lurking somewhere in the future . This , unfortunately , is n't it .
 One man 's opinion , so please take it as such . I grew up with the Beatles , and as a avid fan of the Beatles I can appreciate their music in almost any format , however ... If you appreciate the genius and artisty of the Beatles , and can never seem to get enough , get yourself the real thing in its original form . If you appreciate show tunes , get yourself show tunes . Love is a mixture of both , and in my opinion fails at both . I never thought I 'd think it , let alone express it , but this is a blatant attempt to exploit Beatle music in order to make a few more bucks . As a collection of bits and pieces of Beatles music that was perfect in the original , but remixed here to give it a new look , it fails miserably . Do what you want , but given a second chance , I would avoid it .
 I 'm sure the idea of having George Martin and his son Giles re-mix the Beatles 's songs must have sounded very appealing to the remaining Beatles , their wives and the record company . However , this idea never lives up to its promise . The transition mixes are a jumble of sounds that scramble one style period to the next . The `` Benefit of Mr. Kite/I Want You/Helter Skelter '' stands out as especially bad . The acoustic version of `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps '' starts as a potential highlight of the album , only to be ruined by the weepy string arrangement of George Martin , who said he was apprehensive about doing it . The Beatles songs are great , but there is no flow in this album and the transitions and selections from one song to the next are jarring . I liked the music but did not LOVE this album .
 I 'm a huge Beatles Fan ... . I grew up singing their songs while in the car with my mom . This CD might sound great on stage with Cirque du Soleil but at work at my desk it really sucks ... give me the real songs full lenght and original . This mish mash of sound has nothing but made me want to hold to my old cds . . Great songs in this CD but terrible mix ...
 This is not the Beatles , it is a CD made for `` Cirque do Soleil '' it shoud n't be presented as a Beatles CD because the buyer will expect the songs as they heard them originally , not in this form
 Last time could chose free freight , but this time no free freight .
 This sells looks like DVD movie and CD music , but the reality is that both are the same , the DVD is not the movie nor even have fotos , just the picture of the cover and the same music that already have the CD . They should put an advice that the DVD is just the same music and have no images .
 The DVD shows the album cover and apparently has no video , just the music in a different surround sound format . Disappointing.JH
 Listening to this new production of the old songs helped me realize that all that background noise the Beatles added as the years went on did n't help my enjoyment . I just put up with it . But this album is all about that background cacophony . I can understand why a record producer might get off on adding all that sound to `` deepen '' and `` broaden '' the sound , but I 'm just a working stiff who likes the Beatles . I listened once , and then never again .
 Impressionist group - not bad , BUT when you are expecting the REAL BEATLES , it does n't compare.AMAZON needs to make it clear UP FRONT that this is an impressionist group .
 If your a Beatles fan your not going to like this as it remixes so many of the songs together , its like a montage rather than a album . I Imaging those who are new to the Beatles or saw the Cirque du Soleil show will enjoy .
 They finally release The Beatles in a High Fidelity format and what do we get a Megamix ... snippets of Beatle songs . For a lot of you DJ 's out there you know how we hate Megamixes . Come on Apple Records , EMI , Parlophone whoever has the power , do it while we are still alive . The Beatles in it 's true form on DVD-Audio , DTS ... . that would be amazing .
 Before buying , understand you are buying audio ONLY - a stero CD and a 5.1 . surround Audio DVD . We received this as a gift . We listened to the CD and thought , `` Okay , this is novel . George Martin and son must have had a good time cutting and pasting to provide a soundtrack for Cirque du Soleil . Now let 's see how it works with the stage show - NOT ! Instead there is a display of a cheezy graphic that is unchanging but for the title of the currently playing track . I feel badly for the givers of this gift - I do n't think they realized either that there would be no visual performance . Imagine being invited to a wine and cheese party , then being served cheese and shown a picture of a bottle of wine.If you know what you 're getting into , fine , but any other CD/DVD combo I 've ever purchased has meant a visual performance on the DVD . They should have been more explicit in their packaging . Especially since this effort was meant as support to a visual stage show . It does n't stand on its own all that well .
 Okay - The scene -LRB- albeit fictitous -RRB- is a graveyard . Dr. Martinstein and son Giles dig up the graves of John and George , open their caskets , and ask permission to completely ` mess ' with their completed works . ` They didnt say ` no ' ! ' is Martin 's decision , closing the lids ! Thus this product . Okay , clever , well done , great sound -LRB- yawn -RRB- , but WHY ?????????????? This is akin to cutting up family photographs just to insert one 's own face . I think it 's abysmal , if only for intent . Why Ringo and Paul would ever sanction this is a mystery to me . I got it for Christmas , but it 'll most likely end up on ebay , as i aint gon na open it !
 When I bought this cd -LRB- from Barnes and Noble -RRB- i thought to myself this is going to be great listenting . What is it ? songs sung by the beatles that sound like they 're high or stoned or whatever . Most of the songs are awful there are only two I liked . Please do n't waste your money .
 I returned this item weeks ago and still have not received a refund . I am really not happy with your service right now .
 It seems in the state of California -LSB- and perhaps nationwide -RSB- you can not return a CD , due to copyright laws , even when it 's deceptively packaged.In the retail store -LSB- I knew I should have previewed it on Amazon -RSB- you have absolutely no indication that this is not really a Beatle 's recording . It was not until I opened it and listened to it and had access to the INSIDE of the jewel case , and voila , the true nature of this CD 's origins are made clear - it is a horrible mishmash of sounds and lyrics and junk . I explained my dilemma to the Target customer service rep , but I had no recourse . I hate this CD and no one should waste this kind of $ to purchase it - I could have spent my $ 15 on Magical Mystery Tour . Lesson learned
 When will EMI get off their duff and give us surround mixes of the later albums -LRB- the ones that were done in at least 4-track -RRB- ? Or maybe go back to the original tapes and press some nice vinyl . This album is an insult .
 Before I start , a disclaimer ... I am a * HUGE * Beatles fan . I mean , I own all the albums , know every word and every intricacy , learned to sing and play guitar to the Beatles , worshipped them from the time I first heard them when I was 10 , know everything there is to know about their history and the minutiae , not to mention the music . I live , breath , and LOVE -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- Beatles . But when I heard about this album a while back , I was skeptical , and after hearing it now that it 's out , I know I was right . This is rubbish.I knew I 'd hate this as soon as I heard a snippet on a TV ad that had a melding of Drive My Car , The Word , and What You 're Doing.What a gimmick . `` Re-worked '' Beatles tunes ... no they 're not . This is a mash-up of Beatles lyrics and tunes from different songs put together to create `` something new '' -LRB- another bad Beatles pun , I know ! -RRB- . Why did we need this ? And not only that , the fact that so many die-hard Beatlemaniacs are embracing this so much disturbs and surprises me ... are they all stupid ? Or just blinded by their affection for this band ? I hold the Beatles in the highest esteem ... they soundtrack my life and have for years and years . But c'mon , why mess around with perfection ? What next , people going back and `` re-working '' the ceiling of the Cistine Chapel because they discovered some of Michaelangelo 's sketchbooks , so now it 's ok to go doodle over his original art ? Ridiculous.I know I 'll get blasted for feeling this way , but this Love album/project is just dumb . And it reeks of greed . The ads on TV say `` the newest relases from the Beatles '' ... ummm , no . This is just their classic music being messed around with in a studio to come up with something `` new '' . And I 'm skeptical of George Martin 's actual input , as it 's been known for YEARS he has serious hearing loss . Lennon and Harrison must be spinning in their grave over this ghastly travesty of a release.Instead of recycled dreck like this , how about giving us Beatles fan some good quality live recordings or TV performances on CD ? And leaving the perfect , pure , timeless , magical music of the Beatles alone?And when people on here -LRB- and there have been MANY -RRB- say it 's `` like hearing the Beatles all over again for the first time '' ... are you serious ? Is hearing my band 's cover version of `` Whole Lotta Love '' like hearing Zeppelin for the first time ? Come on ...
 First of all , I love a good mashup . DJ Dangermouse did a great job combining the Beatles and Jay-Z . But nobody should get away with taking existing perfection and trying to make it `` slicker '' . George Martin had to have known on some level this was a pander to far . To hear the start of a song you have always loved , then hear it has been monkeyed with for a new cash grab by the label is putrid .
 For a long time , I savored the idea of picking this album up and giving it a good , long listen . I thought , oh maybe this will be fun and even a bit mindblowing , getting to hear the Beatles catalog really given a thorough reworking from the great George Martin , the man most familiar with its inner workings ... Sadly , not.This is a profoundly unadventurous record , with only one or two real moments of inspiration . Compared to earlier Beatles mash-ups such as John Oswald 's long-suppressed sampling remixes or the Beatles/Jay-Z `` Gray Album , '' this record is simply boring and effete , a simplistic pastiche draped around a few good parlour tricks , but nothing to get worked up about . The mix of `` Within You Without You/Tomorrow Never Knows '' is a bit brilliant , but almost everything else is rather tame and ultimately dull . Oh , well . Maybe a few decades from now , after the copyright runs out , we can really get wild with this music .
 Im not sure who this is appealing too , the only thing this would be good for is a souvenir for the actual performance . I have not seen the performance so maybe I `` do n't get it '' , but this release is a joke . After the success of # 1s they probably thought that people were interested in the beatles and wanted new releases . In reality people are interested in the music the Beatles made together as a band . The entire basis for this album was `` how can we get 2 unrelated songs and mash them together so it sounds like it kinda works '' , this is not creative in my mind , just limiting . So we get these fantastic Beatles classic songs that are now cut up and spliced with random other elements and it just sounds terrible . I never thought there would be a Beatles album I could n't enjoy , but this is definitely just that . Just dont let this CD make you think worse of John , Paul , George , and Ringo , they all werent responsible for this mess . This is a pointless release in the Beatles catalog . Listen to the originals of the songs and buy the actual albums instead .
 Absolutely abysmal CD . The remaining Beatles should sue . It was a stretch to give this item one star .
 I beg to differ . This is a rip-off . The CD remixes may be masterful , but one has the sense that a bright 14 year old with Garageband could do something much like this . Most annoying is the DVD . Expecting old footage , or even something from Cirque du Soleil -- after all , the liner notes tell you that that 's the premise for this thing ? Guess again . There 's a single image that remains onscreen for the duration of album , an image that stays before you as you presumably wallow around on your floor marveling at the Surround-sounded remix . You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll kiss twenty bucks good-bye .
 I do n't like the treatment given to the songs . It 's better to just buy the regular Beatles number one hits .
 The chief question this misguided CD raises is -- why in the world do you try to remix songs that were perfect to begin with ? The answer , of course , is that there is a new generation of money-spending boys and girls who can plunk down $ 25 to hear someone 's garbled retake on that perfection . That the `` someone '' in this case was once affiliated with The Beatles does not excuse this money-grubbing , but seems to make it all the more egregious . For God 's sake , kids , just get the real thing . This watered down semblance gives you the the wrong idea .
 How did this happen ? Let 's face it ... Sir George lost a a couple of steps many years ago after producing the most cutting edge albums of the sixties . Always a full step ahead of everybody else back then . The one the others all tried to mimic as The Beatles released album after album full of new ideas . The proof that Martin was done as a producer was evident in 1994 when the remaining three Beatles took the poorly recorded mono unfinished Lennon tapes ... `` Real Love '' and `` Free As A Bird '' -LRB- entrusted to them from Yoko -RRB- and handed them over to Jeff Lynne . I mean come on ? When you hand something that precious and rare over to a member of ELO in lieu of George Martin ... you know something 's up . I mean they owed it to George just as a courtesy thing . Imagine knowing they 'd eventually have to face him later at some point ... and they still do it ? That 's cold . But they must have known something we did n't ... like the job was too much for George perhaps ? So ELO gets it ... and admittingly both songs turn out okay.Now we move ahead twelve years ... and George is ... well twelve more years out of touch and an elderly man . And somehow he gets access to the Beatle catalog to play with like a child ? He removes instruments from songs . Arbitrarily -LRB- it seems -RRB- inserts pieces of songs over other songs that are in different keys . He virtually ruins every single song on there . Sheesh ! They were perfect the way they were . These versions have nothing but annoyances added to them . `` Love '' is simply a case of tossing a senile old ex studio genius a bone because they could n't say no to him . Anybody other than Sir George and this pice of crap never see 's the light of day . Let 's pray they do n't let him play some more with his son and come out with `` More Love '' or `` Love Too '' . More of this would be way too much to endure .
 This CD was not what I expected , the music is not The Beatles , some is , some is not . It 's more Broadway than anything .
 This album is a complete waste of space and does not deserve to have been made . I am not going to fight and try and prove just how much I love the Beatles ... Too many of us have made such statements to show to our fellow readers that our review is objective and all that jazz ... Let 's just say that this album is the final nail in the Beatles ' coffin ... Making sounds with prerecorded music , so that the masses can watch a bunch of talented - but incredibly uninspired - acrobats do pirouettes to this sterile and pathetic muzak , may convince some of us that there is a transcended value to all of this ... Do n't be fooled !!! There is n't !!! This album is total crap and bringing life to dead matter just does n't make it any better ... Frankenstein failed and so do these people ... Free as a Bird was n't bad enough ... What 's next , a production of the Rolling Stones Satan 's Request ? Oops , I 've just given them an idea ...
 The Beatles LOVE works well in only a few spots . The highlight for me is George Harrison 's demo of `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps . '' The strings added to it are quite lovely and appropriate.The rest of this album just has n't worn as well with me . After only five plays I find most of it simply irritating . Admittedly , a few tracks are clever amalgams of two or more songs , however , others are drastically clumsy botches . Finally , there are some songs here that sound as if they 've hardly been tampered with at all . The overall effect of the whole set is a feeling of disorientation . Perhaps as background to a stage show LOVE works fine ; without those visuals it falls quite flat.This would NOT be the ideal choice for introducing the uninitiated to the music of the Beatles . At times the mixes border on confusing noise -- and I can not believe I 'm saying this about * the * favorite band of my youth . The Beatles -- noise ? No way ... way , sadly.This collection is overwhelming proof that great art should never be altered or toyed with -- its beauty can be too easily destroyed .
 I 'm highly disappointed after hearing all the hype . I ca n't believe it bought into it . I make fun of my husband for buying all the `` new '' Doors CDs . Like `` Light my Fire '' is great , but how many versions do you need . Likewise with Lady Madonna and Hey Jude . Once was enough . I wasted my money on this effort . Well , at least , it has a new Strawberry Fields Forever . That 's my consolation . Wait for it in the cut out bin .
 This CD is terrible . I 'm a HUGE beatles fan , but this mash up is heresy . This is not a Beatles CD folks.It is merely a mash up of songs by the Beatles manipulated sonically by their original producer whose obviously got either so much unethical ideas and greed on his mind to find new ways to milk the Beatles legacy in order to make lots of money before the Christmas holidays . That , and or he has become senile in his grand age . After all , Sir George Martin is 80 years old now . Filthy lucre indeed ! I guess the Beatles did n't care either about their legacy being plundered and dissected once again for another big payday . It might be a fun lightweight novelty , which it is , and it will end up in the bargain bins across the land folks . This wo n't ever become a classic , but simply another rip off a la Capitol Albums volume 1 and 2 , Let it be Naked and Yellow Submarine songtrack.For serious beatles fans , the red album , the blue album , rubber soul and revolver are the holy grail of Beatles product . Enough said.cheers / mikey
 As a lifelong Beatles fan -- and a professional musician , I must ask really , just what IS all the hubbub about another okey-dokey Beatles assemblage released just in time to drag in another few million pounds and dollars before the Christmas season ? As a novelty I suppose it 's fine but as a significant addition to their body of work it is a definite disappointment . Over the years I 've heard much more innovative compilations on bootleg tapes.Yes , the clarity and sharpness of the recordings is likely the best yet , but why should n't it be ? The average p.c. can make recordings superior to state-of-the-art equipment in the Beatles ' time . We should only expect modern sound recording and playback technology to have improved dramatically.As to some of the `` amazing '' musical mixes I 've been hearing the critics gush over , Giles and George are really not doing anything here that any reasonably skilled club D.J. does n't do every night that they work.I also have to wonder about some of the selections chosen for the compilation . GET BACK is little more than very standard , if not outright 12-bar pedestrian fare easily handled by the neighborhood garage band . The best thing about the song was never the Beatles ; it was Billy Preston 's rolling keyboard solo -LRB- s -RRB- . SOMETHING , I AM THE WALRUS , ELEANOR RIGBY and several others are nothing new , or at least not very new , with a bit of mildly interesting tweaking but certainly not groundbreaking or interesting beyond an initial listen.Other than selling scads of tickets to pony-tailed baby boomers with too much cash and time on their hands , I ca n't find any truly redeeming purpose for this collection.Dig through your old vinyl records and stick with STARS ON 45 .
 oh yoko you did it again . I love The Beatles , but what has been done in this CD is unremarkable .
 I did grow up in the 60s , but even if I had n't , I could recognize this CD as another way to milk the Beatle name for mo ' money . I 'm not a purist by heart , I 'm not upset by this CD release , and taking chances is necessary to explore new musical depths , but this fails . This CD was a gift , and so I guess it 's the thought that counts ; the buyer knows the Beatles are number one in my opinion . I wo n't tell them if you wo n't , but if they want to borrow it and forget to give it back , I wo n't remind them , either . I 'll have it handy when they come to visit , both to tempt them to borrow it and to let them know I have n't thrown it out .
 This is not a greatest hits album -- I should have read the reviewsbefore purchasing -- I do not care for the way the material is presented
 The Beatles LOVE works well in only a few spots . The highlight for me is George Harrison 's demo of `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps . '' The strings added to it are quite lovely and appropriate.The rest of this album just did n't wear as well . Purchased on the day of release in Nov. ' 06 , after only five plays I found most of it darned irritating . Have n't played it since and wo n't again , I 'm sure.Admittedly , a few tracks are clever amalgams of two or more songs , however , others are drastically clumsy botches . There 's even some that sound as if they 've hardly been altered at all . The overall impression is one of disorientation . Perhaps as background to a stage show LOVE works fine ; without those visuals it falls quite flat.This would NOT be the ideal choice for introducing the uninitiated to the music of the Beatles . At times the mixes border on confusing noise -- and I can not believe I 'm saying this about * the * favorite band of my youth . The Beatles -- noise ? No way ... way , sadly.This collection is overwhelming proof that great art should never be altered or toyed with -- its beauty can be too easily destroyed.CONTENTS -- -LSB- 2:44 -RSB- Because -LSB- 2:05 -RSB- Get Back -LSB- 1:20 -RSB- Glass Onion -LSB- 3:05 -RSB- Eleanor Rigby -LRB- w/Julia transition -RRB- -LSB- 4:28 -RSB- I Am the Walrus -LSB- 1:22 -RSB- I Want to Hold Your Hand -LSB- 1:54 -RSB- Drive My Car/The Word/What You 're Doing -LSB- 0:55 -RSB- Gnik Nus -LSB- 3:29 -RSB- Something -LRB- w/Blue Jay Way transition -RRB- -LSB- 3:22 -RSB- Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite ! / I Want You -LRB- She 's So Heavy -RRB- / Helter Skelter -LSB- 2:18 -RSB- Help ! -LSB- 2:31 -RSB- Blackbird/Yesterday -LSB- 4:31 -RSB- Strawberry Fields Forever -LSB- 3:07 -RSB- Within You Without You/Tomorrow Never Knows -LSB- 4:10 -RSB- Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds -LSB- 3:18 -RSB- Octopus 's Garden -LSB- 2:56 -RSB- Lady Madonna -LSB- 4:18 -RSB- Here Comes the Sun -LRB- w/The Inner Light transition -RRB- -LSB- 4:45 -RSB- Come Together/Dear Prudence -LRB- w/Cry Baby Cry transition -RRB- -LSB- 2:14 -RSB- Revolution -LSB- 1:53 -RSB- Back in the U.S.S.R. -LSB- 3:46 -RSB- While My Guitar Gently Weeps -LRB- demo w/strings -RRB- -LSB- 5:08 -RSB- A Day in the Life -LSB- 3:58 -RSB- Hey Jude -LSB- 1:22 -RSB- Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- Reprise -RRB- -LSB- 3:39 -RSB- All You Need Is LoveTOTAL TIME
 All the songs are previous released material except ` Gnik Nus ' which is only a reverse version of the ` Sun King ` It begins promising with a nice madrigal rendering of ` Because ' , but soon most of the other songs are mixed with too much psychedelic noise so that for instance the steady beat of ` Get Back ' gets lost completely in noises that are totally irrelevant . I prayed the Lord that at least the beautiful ` Eleanor Rigby ' would be the original recording and thanks Heaven it was . Only a few other songs -LRB- there are 20 songs -RRB- like ' I Want To Hold Your Hand ' are also the original recording.You get the feeling that this CD is a mere potpourri of Beatles songs . The only positive thing is that the remix is very well done in so far that you have the feeling to stand between The Beatles while they are singing.So far for the quality of this recording . The philosophy of the producers -LRB- George Martin and Giles Martin . -RRB- seems to be that The Beatles are a symbol for the psychedelic late 60 's and early 70 's and they seem to ignore the fact that The Beatles had their greatest successes in the mid 60 's like for instance the above mentioned ' I Want To Hold Your Hand . ' I call that a one-sided vision .
 This mishmash should have been titled `` Mucking Around With Some Beatles Songs . '' The basic music is some of the excellent music of the Beatles , which has been with us now for a very long time . It appeared to be a good idea to someone to sample pieces of a lot of songs and then mix them in and out of each other to make something . Unfortunately , it comes out as cobbled and patched , with unsatisfying abbreviations of many songs , and jumps between songs which are mostly jarring . The songs themselves each had beauty , integrity and even dignity . This collection sounds like a bad motel lounge singer 's routine . I can discern no sense or purpose in this album , except the continuing need for money from which the Beatles empire suffers . This is a `` must-not-have '' for Beatles fans , and if anyone out there does n't have the original recordings , I 'd save my money and buy them instead .
 I 'm an original die-hard Beatles fan , grew up with them in the 60s ; I still think that The Beatles are the most innovative and age-defining band of the Rock and Roll era . No other band had such creativity and diversity in their sound throughout their short but timeless successful career . I had all of their original vinyl albums , cassettes and now all of their CDsThis `` Love '' album manages to take true classic Beatles music , needlessly create medlies and mix together random soundtracks to make a true mockery of their creative music genius . I cringed while listening to this truely aweful CD except when the mucic was recognizable as the original music . If this is what the future holds for new Beatles releases , then I will never buy another Beatles album again , unless it 's to replace a missing or damaged classic.If you do n't know what F.U.B.A.R. means , ask any military veteran .
 Man this is bad - so bad i would rather listen to the Backstreet Boys or Brtiney Spears . But it 's the Beatles i hear you cry !!!! You wan na know why i think it 's crap - because it adds nothing to their legacy and gives EMI or whoever a chance to make more money of their back catalogue . These mix-ups are not inventive or even vaguely interesting , just a few sound effects here or there . Save some money and buy say a Wings album like London Town or Red Rose Speedway if you need a new Beatles fix .
 I have been a Beatle 's fan since 1964 . i saw them in concert in 1966 . I own every Beatles album in existance as well as the matching CD for today 's digital world . In my opinion they are the best that has ever been or will be.I received the `` Love '' CD for Christmas and have been looking for a discreet garbage can to deposit it into ever since . This is by far the WORST Beatle 's collection I have ever owned and I would n't recommend it to anyone for any reason .
 Given one by my daughter , so not paid for . Bloody weird . Like a halucination of the Beatles . Cant be bothered trying to name all the bits . They all are recognisable , but ... why ? When you think in terms of Las Vegas it just becomes awful . Where are the woolly rough edges ? The bits that went wrong but sounded great . Like Twist and Shout . This is a digitally perfect horrowshow . A George Martin dream of what he would have done at the time . But being done now , it 's Lloyd Webberish gibberish . And as for Octopuses Garden ... . God help us . The only comparison is Wordsworth chucking out all his youthful visons of nature in favour of his revisionist old age cant -LRB- sic -RRB- . I think Lennon would have booted it into touch . Well they would n't have had to do it would they , if he were still around . Just got Macca in a headlock and written some new stuff ... - Derek Taylor
 Bought The Beatles `` LOVE '' CD in order to get better quality than compressed AAC version.Some songs like Blackbird-Yesterday and Here comes the sun-The Inner Light are beautifully mixed.But the mastering and balancing while good at the beginning , suddenly start to sound annoyingly MONO , the stereo qualities are lacking and that is something that the ear resents , basically something is missing ... Some songs are actually horrible , they have been mastered and destroyed to feed the ear of the MP3 generation , the bass and low tones are so exaggerated that the songs are basically garbage.Great tracks : A Day in the life -LRB- maybe the best mixed song of all this CD -LRB- quality of sound -RRB- , maybe because they went easy on the technology -RRB- Help!Gnik NusBlackbird-YesterdayOctopus 's GardenWhile My Guitar gently Weeps -LRB- maybe the bass is a bit too much -RRB- Really Bad ones : Revolution , is just noise ! and distortion.Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band.I have not heard recordings as bad as this one in years , -LRB- yes , I avoid rapper music -RRB- this is truly awful , the quality is just not there ! is like listening to the song from a 2 dollar am radio while under water , while being attack by depth charges , ca n't say more ! And the `` Disco intro '' well undesirable , horrible sound quality and distorted . I love the original song , this version is an aberration!Within You Without You_Tomorrow Never Dies
 This release is a blasphemous release . It butchers the Beatles ' music in ways I could never have nightmares about . It is an uncreative , pointless album . Most of the songs play as normal , with a few interspersed samples from other songs thrown in for good measure . It 's like they did n't even try to create huge differences , so it is n't even that creative . Furthermore , the remixes completely ripped the soul out of the music as originally intended . It rips out some of the best parts of songs , such as the end of Revolution or the chorus at the end of Hey Jude . It uses the crescendo sample from A Day in the Life far too much . In a nutshell , it massacres and dessicates the way these songs should be heard . If you MUST hear this music , copy a friend 's CD , but do n't say I did n't warn you .
 Why would we need this ? Why , because we are bored with the originals ? Not hardly I hope . This Photoshop-like Beatles CD collage is an insult of great works that needed nothing to make them desirable to be listened to `` again '' . The music never stopped being listen to . This CD reminds me of the crass colorized versions of classic black and white movies just so they could hold the attention of the feeble minded tv brains . The only positive thing this CD does is make it clear that the master tapes need to be gone to again as a source to reissue normal recordings once again as the latest technology is far better than it was when the first CDs were made in the 80 's - and only George Martin should do this - without his clever son . I wish Amazon could let me give this CD a rating of zero or less , or less than even that .
 Not what I thought it would be , and the recordings do n't sound like the original hits .
 Bring back the Rutles.This was an ambitious project but loses the mark with me .
 This could hae been awesome but they tried to do too much . Sun King backwards ??? ARE YOU KIDDING ME ??? Give me a break ! That is totally ridiculous and an insult to the Beatles legacy . About half of this works -LRB- and the sound is magnificent -RRB- and the other half belongs in the garbage . Avoid .
 I heard the podcast on NPR and was blown away . The sound quality was awesome ! I purchased the japenese deluxe version . Save your money . The Dolby 5.1 is OK -LRB- but not great -RRB- and CD is unlistenable . My vinyls lps and tape loops are better . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!! DOWNLOAD THE PODCAST
 The truth is I am very unhappy with the cd release . I can understand the reasons why they produced the album , and why many would like it . But I was expecting a much different album where they mixed and sampled the different tracks in order to create brand new songs . A few added riffs or segues does n't necessarily improve a song , and in general I felt that the `` new '' songs sounded too close to the originals -LRB- in some cases , identical -RRB- . If you expect a revolutionary change to the classic Beatles songs , then it 'd be better to look for something else .
 i had three different dvd 's and none would play on my system , the music is great but the 5.1 surround sound is not there . very disappointed
 This was given to me as a gift . I believed it to be another hits collection . I found out that George Martin and son had fricked-up some of the greatest rock n roll music in the world . Why would anyone tamper with what was one of the greatest song writing teams and music groups that was the Beatles . If George Martin needs money I 'll send him twenty bucks but please leave the classics alone .
 Talk about making a poor shopping choice . I wanted to buy a collection of Beatles songs as a gift for my husband 's 60th birthday . The album cover has no warning that this is a remix of circus music . Is n't there a law against this ? This is truly an acid trip gone bad .
 George and Giles Martin -LRB- and whoever else is involved -RRB- should be ashamed of themselves . If you truly love the Beatles , do not buy this album .
 I received The Beatles LOVE CD/DVD as a Christmas Gift.I had heard about it and read reviews , and so I was very excited to listen to it.I would have given this a ZERO stars , but it was not an option here on Amazon.The first track `` Because ''
 I just do n't see what the hype and the praise for this CD is all about . Anyone with technical expertise could have mixed the songs from the 13 studio albums -LRB- `` Please Please Me '' to `` Let It Be '' -RRB- , along with the singles that were never put on albums -LRB- that are on the two `` Past Masters '' CDs -RRB- and blended them together like they are here.To me , this further cheapens The Boys ' legacy . How many mixes can there be of the same songs ? This whole thing just screams `` Minimal amount of work for maximum profit . '' There 's just nothing to this except trying to further capitalize on The Beatles ' name -LRB- and I do n't get the hype about Cirque du Soleil , either -RRB- . I have to disagree with Amazon 's featured review on this page
 even I do not receive the product , I need its aid to locate it , or send me an I number of guides or reference
 As a collector of Beatle CD 's , LP 's and 45 's with over 4200 items I feel that EMI has really had a good laugh at the collectors expense . This is NOT the way these songs were ever meant to be heard , either from the Beatles or the record companies standpoint . With all the quality music that the Beatles have given us I think I would rather buy the soundtrack from the god awful Beatlemania play . This is capitolism at it 's worst . I would of given this 0 stars if allowed but I must admit the sound quality it quite good .
 What is the point to this thing ? It is disturbing to listen to , what 's next , rap mixes ? Disco mixes ? I grew up in the 60 's , I 'm a purist and enjoy the Beatles music as they intended it to be listened to . I ca n't imagine Paul and Ringo blessed this . Why do n't they release the fan club Christmas album ? Hey Jude 3:58 ? I do n't think so .
 I am an avid Beatles fan and have all their official CD releases and loads of their vinyl . Conseqently I am familiar with their music . This album allows you to hear a different spin on some of their most popular , as well as less well known , music . The segues are fascinating and you will also hear snippets from versions other than the officially released tracks . The mixing has , of course , been done on state of the art equipment and is beautifully crystal clear - top marks to EMI for :1 -RRB- Impeccable original recordings , and2 -RRB- Preserving those old recordings so well.The clarity allows you to hear into parts of recordings that were previously ` buried in the mix ' . I approached this album in trepidation but I have found myself beguiled . Fans and casual observers alike will definitely enjoys this . Roll out the show in Europe please !
 Granted - they did a good job to restore original records to quite a good quality , but they added a lot of garbage sounds as well . I hardly listened the record one time till the end . Lucky me , I borrowed CD not bought it ! I would not take it even for free now !!! Bottom line
 George Harrison 's demo of My Guitar Gently Weeps does showcase incredible talent . The rest of the material sounded better as originally recorded , arranged , produced and released .
 I am not a Beatle 's purist but I listened to this CD wanting to like it but found it wanting.I felt that it failed as an artistic re-rendering of the Beatle 's music and the effort sounded more like a very expensive form of doodling with the original tracks.Very dissappointing effort from George Martin and his son .
 Most of this is on the Beatles Anthology albums . My brother gave me `` Love '' for Christmas , but most of it is just a moneyspinner.Very few tracks stand out : -LRB- 3 -RRB- Glass Onion into Eleanor Rigby , -LRB- 10 -RRB- Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite -LRB- into I Want You , and Helter Skelter -RRB- . I like George Harrison 's While my Guitar Gently Weeps -LRB- track 22 -RRB- - George -LRB- Martin , that is -RRB- did a good strings accompaniment.Otherwise , I recommend buying the original albums and the Beatles Anthology sets instead . If only The Beatles and Apple Corps could resolve their issues with Apple computer and iTunes , then we could download individual tracks as desired . Till that happens , we have to pay over the odds for every one or two new diamonds in the rough of every recycled Beatles package.Finally -LRB- and this is dodgy territory -RRB- , DJ Dangermouse did a much more innovative job with Beatles songs , mixing tracks from the Beatles White album with Jay-Z 's Black album -LRB- predictably called the Grey album -RRB- . It was excellent , but was soon nixed by EMI lawyers .
 Keep your money in your wallett . This is a rip off . Amateur job of mixing multiple sound tracks together . Give me free run of the Beatle music vault and I guarantee I could produce something much better than this . I 've listened to it twice , I do n't think I will be able to listen to it again . And I 've been an avid Beatles fan since 1963 . Loved the peek behind the door we were given with Anthology . Wish we could have another Anthology , but not this piece of rubbish . The choices of combinations make you scratch your head in wonder . Surely any real Beatles fan could do better.Does anyone think `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' is better if you shorten it and add crowd noise to the background ? So what if you can melt the intro of `` Blackbird '' into `` Yesterday '' . What does that prove ? Whoopie.Then you take `` Help '' and just play it straight . Fine , but why ? `` Sun King '' backward ? Give me a break . I would have much preferred to hear some of the original backward recording played forward to see if they really did say `` Paul is dead now , miss him , miss him , miss him . `` I would return it and get my money back , but my wife gave it to me for Christmas . Got ta keep it . Major disappointment . I had read rave reviews and thought it might be at least an interesting compliation of Beatles music . I was wrong . Nothing of use here . Maybe next year 's offering will be better .
 The Beatles are my favorite band ever ... but this CD is a rip-off . . `` The Beatles as you 've never heard them before '' ... yeah right ! They should state on the album title that it 's just a remix and dissecting of songs .
 i was kinda of excited about this but actually listening to it is a different story.you got ta ask yourself - do you really want to hear snippets of beatles songs ? do you really want these artificial mixes and transitions to get stuck in your head in place the original songs?if you need a beatles fix - i would suggest getting the anthologies -LRB- especially 2 and 3 -RRB- and putting them on shuffle .
 i bought this because of the many good reviews and also because of hearing how it is the first `` official '' remix of beatles music . but listening to it was a big let down . this is at best just a beatles best of album which tries to be as mainstream as possible . and at worst a combination of beatles and andrew lloyd webber . to call this a mashup or remix puts those styles in shame . there is absolutely no originality , at points i even have to wonder if the songs are remixed at all.what a shame that the beatles did not allow dj danger mouse 's grey album ... that was real innovation .
 If you really love the Beatles , you probably wo n't think much of this . A few good -LRB- unaltered -RRB- tunes . The rest is not so great .
 I bought the CD as a reaction to the movie `` Across the Universe '' and because I had heard a few cuts at a friend 's house . After the novelty wore off , I realized i had heard it all before . Many of the cuts used tracks from the previously released `` Anthologies '' , so there was really nothing new . It is interesting to listen to another person 's opinion on how the wealth of the Beatle 's catalogue could be remixed , but it may only make real artistic sense if you also see the Cirque de Solier performance .
 In my opinion , the Beatles Catalogue should be left alone and not suffer from such remixes . At times the voices sound out of tune and this detracts from the overall listening pleasure.With the amount of media hoopla surrounding each Beatles release it is difficult to sort the wheat from the chaff . In this case , sadly , it is chaff . Disappointing and definately for Beatles fans ONLY .
 Ok I guess I have to be the first one to crash this `` Love '' - fest of gushing reviews . First off , let me say that I am a huge Beatles fan and have the utmost respect for their revolutionary body of music , and for what they stood for
 i had high hopes for this one . not unrealistic high hopes , but i am VERY DISSAPPOINTED!I really expected some stellar stuff , songs reinterrpreted and fresh.George Martin is a genious , but he bombed on this one.There are apx 20 + songs on here . They are fantastic songs , but they sound completley unchanged . I feel like I just rebought a greatest hits album I already own ! The Beatles songs are gourgeous on their own , but the thing that upsets me , is this album was completely FALSELY ADVERTISED . -LSB- ... -RSB- I originally bought this album after listening to the 4 tracks on the beatles myspace -LSB- ... -RSB- Those songs were so gourgeously redone and are truly novel gems.Bad news , is the rest are so minimally altered , you cant even tell the difference.If you are a purist this is fine , it is like being tricked into rebuying another greatest hits album . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It 's a big yawner . Anybody with a reasonably respectable Beatles MP3 collection and a $ 40 computer program -LRB- Goldwave -RRB- could have created this album . There is frankly nothing new or imaginative . Not only that , the remixes detract from the originals . This music would likely work well in the context of the show , but fails to stand on its own as an album . All the hype is nothing more than yet another McCartney/Ono Christmas money grab .
 Why mess with the greatest music of the 20th Century ? To put together another compliation of songs everybody already owns ? I am one of the biggest Beatles fans in the world , and this is sacrilege . What they should have done is just remix their old albums and re-release them . Sorry , but this is a classic disappointment and a waste of money , even with surround sound .
 First of all , THIS IS NOT A REVIEW ON THE BEATLES MUSIC!This is how it goes
 If you are a true Beatles fan , do not waste your money on this CD . It is nothing like the originals . George Martin may think he can remaster the originals but it comes out sounding terrible . It is a sin to try to work some of the greatest songs in the Beatles repetoire into combinations . Had I known this was what this CD was all about , I never would have bought it . This production was made for the Cirque du Soleil and thus was to produce a lot of money . I am beginning to find that their productions are getting too pat and this soundtrack goes along with it . In the beginning Cirque du Soleil was innovative , but like all big money-makers they go stale after a while . This album pulls the Beatle repetoire into the same cesspool . Since George Martin produced so much good Beatles music , it is sad to see him get into this cesspool too .
 The first CD set I received had a blank 2nd disc . I sent it back for replacement and the 2nd disc on the replacement is also blank . Obviously a bad batch . Amazon is n't going to replace this one for me but will issue a credit .
 I 'm risking here being ostracized by real Beatles fans -- one of which I AM ! All right , I got that one out.You 'll recall that , over the years , remakes of the Beatles songs came out . Years ago , still in the days of vinyl , they came out with 2-record sets of their hits . While I was a collector , I never got them as I already had the tunes . But I was tempted.Not much more than a decade ago , `` The Beatles Live at the BBC '' was released . It was new , though of old stuff , and I got it . I have all the anthology albums , though I endear them only because of my collector status -LRB- and to hear early versions of some of the tunes , even before George Martin and others over-produced some of the tunes . -RRB- But I do listen to them , and appreciate them.I even have the CD of the Beatles in Hamburg , a couple of years before they appeared on Ed Sullivan!I was a little disappointed in `` Let It Be ... Naked '' because some similar but better stuff was already on the anthology albums -LRB- and the second CD was rather pointless , unless you like hearing Harrison exclaiming `` Hare Krishna ! '' -RRB- Well , sorry fans , but this collection feeds my skepticism , i.e. , is quite disappointing . It attempts a medley of Beatles hits , little if anything new . It reminds me of an album that came out for us Star Trek fans years ago . It was called `` The Star Trek Symphony '' and just took snippets from the soundtracks of previous Star Trek films and made a medley out of them . I 'm a lover of soundtracks but embarassed to say I got it . `` The Beatles Love '' is similar . I have all the tunes , in some cases many copies of them -LRB- even some 45s , if I can still find 'em ! -RRB- I vividly remember where I was when I first heard each tune . But , again , nothing new . I think Martin and others figured that Beatles fans are n't getting any younger . Let 's put together a gimicky compilation and see how much we can make off of it.The combination of CD/DVD is a gimick , but not a particularly clever one . As others have pointed out , there 's nothing graphic or visual on the DVD . It ostensibly has better sound quality but I even challenge that.Overall , if you 're mesmerized by the Beatles and do n't have much of their stuff , you might be interested in this . It 'd be cheaper than purchasing so many other CDs . But if you have most of the Beatles on CD as I do , do n't waste your money .
 It would be MUCH better to republish ALL originals AS IS , but in high-res SACD .
 Since the Beatles disbanded in 1970 a misconception has developed that they were all about Love . Forget those songs of alienation , biting wit , loneliness , satire , and detached surrealism ... man , those cute moptops were just all about love . Love , Love , Love . Their edge , the sardonic humor , the attributes I 've most valued have been worn away and in the popular view that has evolved we have Saints John , Paul , George , and Ringo beatifically preaching their gospel of love . -LRB- Can one be a saint while still alive ? I 'll leave that one for the religious scholars to debate . -RRB- The hard-edged songs - `` A Day in the Life , '' `` I 'm only Sleeping , '' `` I Am the Walrus , '' etc. have all been de-clawed . The Messrs. Martin have pulled off a very clever musical feat , but when I hear the results of their labors , and imagine the unlikely contortions the Circque de Soleil performers no doubt perform while that music is playing , I give the click wheel of my iPod a quick twirl .
 I have been a Beatle fan since I was -LSB- ... -RSB- . I even have the White Album on white vinyl . I was excited about the reviews I read so I bought this CD . I was really looking forward to listening to some wonderful Beatles music again.I was so disappointed I gave the CD away . It is a amateur job of mixing multiple sound tracks together.The songs that were chosen for this CD are already very well mixed masterpieces
 I had to give this CD 1 star because the Amazon rating system would not accept a zero star rating . By looking at the album cover I thought I was buying a new release of Beatles music like the `` One '' CD . This CD is some pretentious idiots ' idea of art , to mess up the Beatle 's music . In fact the insert contains boastings of these self proclaimed artists . Do n't waste your money .
 I being a true Beatle fan from way back to `` 62 '' , you think when you purchase a new revised recording you are gon na LOVE it.I was quite DISAPPOINTED!There are only a few tracks worth listening to ...
 OK so it says clearly AUDIO DVD , so call me stupid , but when I buy oranges I do n`t look closely to make sure they are not `` juiceless oranges '' I expect a DVD to have pictures . I have never been so disappointed and felt so violated as when I put the DVD into my player and got a crappy Logo with the typed song title . To me this is a blatant manifestation of corporate greed . Why would anybody go to the trouble of making an Audio DVD unless it was just to get some sucker like me to fall for it and buy it.I love the music , but I also love Cirq du Soleil and that 's what I expected.Chuck
 I bought this DVD thinking about CIRQUE DU SOLEIL show and what is it exactly ? It 's only a DVD with no VIDEO , NO SHOW , ONLY SONGS . Why do I need a DVD to play SONGS ? I do n't need a DVD for this.This is the worst purchase I 've ever made in my life . I felt like throwing money to the garbage.TERRIBLE !!!! DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS . THIS IS FAKE .
 To remain anonymous I have chosen the `` Kid Review '' option -LRB- so Amazon please print this review -RRB- . I just do n't know why they would release crap like this ... this is NOT true full-length Beatles ' versions of their songs . I agree with some of the reviewers out there it sounds like a collage of worthless junk ... it really butchers the hell out the original Beatles songs . Beatles on Broadway ??? Give me a break!Bottom line
 I admit I 've never been a fan of re-mix albulms so I 'm not surprised this albulm does not appeal to me . Until now I 've been fairly pleased with the products that have come out during the past decade to keep making money off of the Beatles , but not this one . I borrowed it from a friend to listen to before I bought it . Thank God I did because I saved myself $ 12-15 . I hate to criticize anything by the Beatles , but really this is n't their fault . Now I just have to hope no one gets me this for Christmas .
 I thought there would be more mixing of the actual work . A more intricate mosaic , but it was disappointing . All of those tracks of music , vocals , and fxs that can be manipulated , but it was another tribute album . An iconic group , but somebody was afraid to seriously touch those works . I do n't blame them , the collection is timeless , but I was not impressed with the attempt . All of the creativity and technology available today to create something respectful and exciting , it fell short . It seems that somebody needed a job , and to assert their name in the public eye , riding on their father 's coattails.A Fan of Music
 I picked this up after hearing the Strawberry Fields remix at a coffee shop and finding that pretty well done . Overall , the whole production is interesting to hear , but it just is n't up to snuff in terms of remixing . Some of the transitions are shockingly disjointed and make me cringe in disbelief , while the entire mix seems `` forced '' in a way that makes me uncomfortable . A couple places have some really annoying sounds in the background . Not because they are different than the original ; they are just annoying sounds in the context where you find them.With all due respect to George Martin -LRB- and boy does he ever deserve respect ! -RRB- , I think he should have left remixing the Beatles to the professionals in that genre . I 've heard far better remixes of the Beatles than this , but no one else will ever hear them because those producers ca n't afford a million dollar 's worth of lawyers to get it distributed to the public according to the RIAA 's gangster-style terms and conditions . -LRB- Though it will be perfectly legal for their grandchildren and everyone else for eternity to do it once the copyright runs out -- makes a lot of sense , does n't it ? -RRB- . So I have to recommend that you just purchase the Beatles ' albums , instead . -LRB- Purchase them all , only Yellow Submarine is not an exceptional album -RRB- . Even the artwork in the large pamphlet is a pretentious attempt to be artistic . I do n't need Photoshop filters turning John , Paul , George and Ringo into amorphous blobs . They deserve more respect than that . These guys were master craftsmen . I want to see them at work . All of this adds up to a feeling of exploitation , which does n't make sense because I would never expect George Martin to exploit his unique role in the Beatles.On the bright side , everyone is correct that the sound quality is superb , the best I 've ever heard the Beatles sound yet . The song selection is excellent , though it leans heavily toward their later era -LRB- Sgt. Pepper onward -RRB- . I bought the version with CD and DVD , and the DVD turned out to be just the same music as the CD in surround sound , Dolby , etc. . So that was entirely pointless for me . But that 's my fault for not leaving the record store to check a website first to make sure that the Digital VIDEO disk contained video . My bad . Oh well , there 's another ten dollars to help finance the RIAA 's habit of filing lawsuits against grandmothers , children , and deceased pets.A group as extraordinary as the Beatles deserves FAR more than this pretentious nonsense .
 Before I start , a disclaimer ... I am a * HUGE * Beatles fan . I mean , I own all the albums , know every word and every intricacy , learned to sing and play guitar to the Beatles , worshipped them from the time I first heard them when I was 10 , know everything there is to know about their history and the minutiae , not to mention the music . I live , breath , and LOVE -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- Beatles . But when I heard about this album a while back , I was skeptical , and after hearing it now that it 's out , I know I was right . This is rubbish.What a gimmick . `` Re-worked '' Beatles tunes ... no they 're not . This is a mash-up of Beatles lyrics and tunes from different songs put together to create `` something new '' -LRB- another bad Beatles pun , I know ! -RRB- . Why did we need this ? And not only that , the fact that so many die-hard Beatlemaniacs are embracing this so much disturbs and surprises me ... are they all stupid ? Or just blinded by their affection for this band ? I hold the Beatles in the highest esteem ... they soundtrack my life and have for years and years . But c'mon , why mess around with perfection ? What next , people going back and `` re-working '' the ceiling of the Cistine Chapel because they discovered some of Michaelangelo 's sketchbooks , so now it 's ok to go doodle over his original art ? Ridiculous.I know I 'll get blasted for feeling this way , but this Love album/project is just dumb . And it reeks of greed . The ads on TV say `` the newest relases from the Beatles '' ... ummm , no . This is just their classic music being messed around with in a studio to come up with something `` new '' . And I 'm skeptical of George Martin 's actual input , as it 's been known for YEARS he has serious hearing loss . Lennon and Harrison must be spinning in their grave over this ghastly travesty of a release.Instead of recycled dreck like this , how about giving us Beatles fan some good quality live recordings or TV performances on CD ? And leaving the perfect , pure , timeless , magical music of the Beatles alone ?
 I am not sure who this character `` Jeremy Boe '' thinks he is . Has he ever heard TD 's music ? Has he ever actually seen the movie Flashpoint ? Or any movie for that matter ? Where is Bedford NY for goodness sakes ? Must be under a rock somewhere in the middle of the desert that he describes .
 the titles were much too short . Some less than a minute . I 'd begin to enjoy it and it was over .
 The Planets got me interested in classical music , and I 've had the LA Philharmonic Orchestra version for a while . I had heard that the London Symphony Orchestra version was supposed to be the best , but then I got this version and quickly realized that I already had a better version . When listening to this version I kept thinking the musicians only showed up because they had to and that they were just waiting for the day to end . This version seems to lack motivation , and I think I 'll avoid anything else by the London Symphony Orchestra because it will probably be boring . Overall , very disappointing .
 It has been a month since I ordered this product and I am yet to have it delivered . I am leery to try to puchase a copy elsewhere as I may end up with two copies . I have written to them , but they have not replied . I wonder if they are out of business ?
 Skip this version . The price underscores the delivery - low price , low expectations . Mars , Bringer of War comes across like Boyscout , Bringer of Marshmallows . This wonderful work is defiled by conductor Simon . It sounds like it was recorded by the GW Bush middle-school band instead of the LSO . Sad .
 I do n't understand the huge praises of this album I have heard . It starts as though someone is entering a huge gathering of people where everyone seems to be least bothered about each other.These people are completely lost and have given themselves away to the moment . The only thing quite good about Avalanches is their ability in choosing a name for their band and an even better title for their album . The music lacks shape , direction and sounds nothing but monotonous . I have known a lot of music to grow on me but Avalanches refuses to budge from it 's chaotic boredom . There is way too much good music in life than to sacrifice my time on Avalanches . I wish they tried not to make the album sound like a 50 min breather of coming back to life significance -LRB- much forced -RRB- Try some real music , get these albums - The Cure - Seventeen Seconds/DisintegrationCocteau Twins - Blue Bell Knoll/Heaven Or Las Vegas
 The CD displayed is not Yes Indeed by Ray Charles , which I would dearly love to have .
 If you like top 40 sounds that could be `` anygroup '' , this is ok ... nothing to distinguish it from other groups . This is definitely not an album for people who want the smooth , emotional sound of the original Platters . Sonny Tuner does a creditable job as lead , but is definitely not a Tony Williams !!
 When Brahms wrote one of greatest of all symphonies -LRB- his 4th -RRB- , surely he never envisioned that the heart and soul would one day be ripped from it by hackneyed amateur orchestras . Just how can so-called `` professional '' musicians do this monumental injustice to such magnificent music?On this DELTA brand CD , the name of the last selection , the `` Tragic '' Overture , sums up precisely the four symphonic movements that precede it . You are unlikely to encounter a more lifeless performance of Brahms ' fourth anywhere -- the Netherlands Philharmonic sounds as wooden as a Dutchman 's shoes . Zero stars !
 I 'm sorry , but I am not feeling this album at all . I never used to like Mya until she came out with `` Best of Me . '' That is probably the only good song on there . That and along with `` Lie Detector . '' The first couple of songs have really hot beats and the lyrics send out a good message . It 's just her voice that makes you wan na not listen . For some reason her voice and the beats do n't go well . I gave her 2 stars for the fact that there are only 2 GOOD songs on the whole CD . Sorry !
 Mya 's second album is lacking there is no doubt mya is getting the sophmore jynx.I mean just look at the record sales.On that note if you listen to this album straight thru you will notice Mya 's vocal skills are weaker than any female performer today her voice is so weak and tiring.I do n't mean to hate on Mya but she is trying to be Aaliyah and Aaliyah has it way over Mya in vocals , dancing and acting.I would say that on Mya 's album the worst cuts are Pussycats -LCB- a weak ass ladies anthem with acorny chorus and mya sounds like a moaning dog for real -RCB- Then there 's Case of the ex which goes right into Ride and Shake , two of the most retarded songs with nothing mya relates too.Other wasteful songs are no tears on my pillow , taking over me , that 's why i wan na fight , and the orst is lie detector the song has a corny reggae flow but mya cant get to her climax on that one even beanie man was horrible there.Only songs worth mentioning are now or never , and fear of flying.Well i hope you all are happy becausemya got the sophmore jynx
 MYA Ca n't sing at all.I 'm Amazed that she ever got a Deal.Her voice is Flat & the material here is very bland.Best Of Me is a Horrible use of Sky 's Call Me.Avoid at all Costs .
 It has to be . Everyone laugh . hahahahahahahahahaha . Laughable . What is This ? A weak attempt to crossover to the mainstream even though she was already there . This is what you call a sell out album . Temptation of Fame made her sellout her substance for style . Nothing Much else To Say ... I dont know what to tell ya . Best Of Me with Jadakiss is pretty hot though . Besides that it 's kinda eh blase ' Nothing else even worth mentioning on this cd . Oh yeah the production really brings out the weakness in her voice . It Was weak before but now it is really noticeable and it sounds horrible . Please dont buy this and dont even dub it . Warning Has Been Issued !
 when I heard `` case of the ex '' I expected this cd to be so much better than it really is.I luv `` case of the ex '' , `` ride and shake '' , '' the best of me '' and `` takin me over '' but the rest is kinda poor.the ballads for instance : I really adore beautiful ballads but those r a bit too schmaltzy.I just read you could compare her to Destiny 's Child , Alicia Keys or Aaliyah -LRB- God bless ya , babygirl ! -RRB- but you ca n't ! they 're much better than her.not only that Mya 's lyrics could n't touch me inside what good lyrics used to but her vocals either are n't that good ...
 For my b-day in 2000 , I got this CD as one of my presents primarily b/c I like the song BEST OF ME . Well , that song and a few others are the only good songs on the CD which seems like a rush job and something that Mya was not really focused on . SOPHOMORE SLUMP does apply to this CD which fortunately did go platinum.Some of the best songs are the hip-hop RIDE AND SHAKE , BEST OF ME , CASE OF THE EX , TEARS ON MY PILLOW , THE FIRST TIME . Many of the faster songs are kinda lame and the CD takes a long time to get used to in which by that time u have moved on , but it is a nice effort .
 I do n't understand how Mya got a record deal . Her voice is very thin and annoying . I guess because she is lightskinned and cute that is the preresquite of making it in the R & b world . I gave her a star because I do like one song which is the midtempo `` Best of me '' I dont like her vocals but the beats are pretty good . This album will be a bestseller on the r & b charts because she has the above preresquites to make it But the trouble is she sounds like every other below 21 singer today . Her limited range and formula music wo n't allow for her to become a superstar but she will atleast be eye candy on B.E.T
 On this album 's first single , `` The Best Of Me '' , Mya sings `` I ca n't let you get the best of me '' . And she 's right . This is hardly the best this girl could do . Her voice is sweet and soft , which balances well with other vocalists and rappers , so the best songs her are the colloborations . Jadakiss , Beenie Man , and the late Lisa ` Left Eye ' Lopes let Mya shine while they do their thing . The only solo track here that really works is her smash hit `` Case Of The Ex '' . The rest of the tracks are far from praise worthy . The ballads are banal and dull . `` Pussycats '' is a vile bit of throwaway R&B . To make it worse , she re-issued this album later with her catchy single `` Free '' , and I 'm left with this dud . Some solid tracks , but on the whole , it 's not that good R&B by numbers . I hope Mya can pull off a hot third album soon . Good luck to her .
 I love Mya , she 's very talented and her soft voice is suited for success , she never got the big breakthrough like i predicted though , and to be honest this album is pretty average . It 's dissapointing since she got loads of talented and could hit it big with the right producers and songwriters . On this album there are a few notable one 's though . `` Case of the ex '' her hitsingle was a decent song i still hear from time to time , also the great collaboration with Left Eye -LRB- Rest in peace -RRB- on `` Takin me over '' which is a catchy pop-soul song , most songs are actually soulish mid tempo here , a few ballads like `` Man of my life '' and very few uptempo songs . After the success with `` Lady Marmelade '' i hope her next album will be better made and include some more quality then this one , cause as i said before she got what it takes to make it big .
 Unlike many Tull fans , I 'm not a big fan of the Thick As A Brick album . It 's just to grandiose for me . Maybe I just do n't have the attention span required to listen to one song for two LP sides . For me , the radio-edit version found on Original Masters is better . My favorite things on this CD are the 11 minute live version recorded in New York City and the interview/commentary . I 'll always keep this CD because it 's considered a `` must have '' for Jethroheads , and I am a big fan of the band , but this is one of their albums I do n't listen to very often .
 Terrible CD recording . Sounds like it was processed at too fast of a speed . I ca n't even enjoy listening to it . It sounds comical it 's so fast.Terribly disappointed , Tom
 The original version of this record was great , but IT WAS NOT A CONCEPT ALBUM!A concept album is a collection of songs bound by a single -LRB- or , in the case of David Bowie 's `` Ziggy Stardust '' or Jethro Tull 's `` Aqualung '' , a bifurcated -RRB- conceit . -LRB- This does n't mean every song in a concept album has necessarily to do explicitly with the conceit . -RRB- `` Thick as a Brick '' purports to be ONLY ONE SONG . It is thus NOT a collection of songs , and it is thus NOT a concept album.Jethro Tull maintains that `` Thick as a Brick '' was the first one-song rock LP . That may be so , but Pink Floyd previously released two one-song rock LP sides
 Here we are reading about a great album ... Ian ' s best Thick as A Brick and I 'm listening to Pandora on the internet as it just bumped against it and now it has to play the whole recording ... I love it . Rememeber ... there are NO BREAKS in this entire piece ... so it 's going to play all the way ... I love it ... OK here it is ... bought this lucious piece of vinyl at one of those little boutique record stores on the south side of Chicago on 79th & Pulaski in 1972 as am import ... does anybody remember IMPORTS ... but do you remember this one ???? It was very unique . It was actually a newspaper with a big ol' slab of vinyl in the middle of it ... and lo & behold it was ... you got it ... Tull 's - Thick as A Brick ... so being a Tull fan ... . we had to check it out ... Friday nite ... I still remember it ... a bit warm -LRB- still playing -RRB- a little rain ... -LRB- was n't this released in the Spring -RRB- Perfect for a new Tull ... LET 's GO ! So my buddy Ray and I take off ... to his house ... put it on the turntable ... Dual 1229 ... lite it up ... and YES ! This is great stuff ... it 's Fun ... call the girls ... let 's party ... bring the Boone 's Farm ... but just get over hear and listen to the new Tull ! It 's FABULOUS!iT NEVER STOPS ... IT 'S JOYOUS ... ITS WONDERFUL ... ITS UPLIFTING ... MAN WHAT A GREAT ALBUM . -LRB- btw
 I dunno . I ca n't believe that people give THIS LP five stars and `` This Was '' - Tulls much superior first LP 4 and even more dreadful 3 stars . There is no accounting for bad taste . Tulls ' first LP and then the following two - Stand Up and Benefit are BOTH better than Thick As a Brick which was overblown and muddled.I can only guess that most of the latter fans came along ... well LATER and never heard This Was until they because accustomed to stuff like YES Tales of Topographic Oceans and who knows - Innagadda Da Vida ? Mindnumbing . . Anyway Brick is OK ... But 5 stars ?? NUTS . But THIS WAS instead . And then pick up Stand Up and Benefit . Hell even Aqualung is better than Thick as a Brick .
 is all I can call this . I read the original vinyl 's cover , which folded out to emulate a newspaper , and it was n't even funny or engaging . The music , ah yes , the music . Whipping out a flute does n't impress me . An oboe , perhaps . Alternating between babbling about such and such of no interest and whistling into a metal tube seems so artistic , but it really is n't . Jethro Tull is one of the great non sequiturs , like The Who , a band which only is remembered because somebody back in the 60s/70s thought it was so cool back then and is now too embarrassed to admit that they were wrong . Well , you stopped listening to the Bay City Rollers and Captain & Tenille , did n't you ? Did n't you ?? Criminy . I guess that explains the Kiss tour .
 I am second to none in my admiration for the Soft Machine , but THIS CD is not the Soft Machine . To be sure , it bears the name of that group , but absolutely none of the original members appears on it . And few if any of the secondary or tertiary members appear on it . Was this recording made to fulfill a contract ? Or did someone think -LRB- as they often do -RRB- that the world needs more bland , mediocre music -- and market it under a respected name ? Even the presence of the estimable Jack Bruce fails to save this . And -LRB- if memory serves ; the CD has long since gone into the discards in the cellar -RRB- even the ever-tedious Karl Jenkins took a pass on this one .
 I am second to none in my admiration for the Soft Machine , but THIS CD is not the Soft Machine . To be sure , it bears the name of that group , but absolutely none of the original members -- and most of the secondary and tertiary members -- appear on it . Was this recording made to fulfill a contract ? Or did someone think -LRB- as they often do -RRB- that the world needs more bland , mediocre music -- and market it under a respected name ? Even the presence of the estimable Jack Bruce fails to save this . And -LRB- if memory serves ; the CD has long since gone into the discards in the cellar -RRB- even the ever-tedious Karl Jenkins took a pass on this one .
 Because this album might kill your enthusiasm for these one time jazz-rock pioneers . Of course by the time of this albums release not a single original member or even secondary member of the band were left . So not suprisingly The Land Of Cockayne is quite a stinkeroo that manages to waste the talents of all involved while destroying the memory of a once great band . For example Jack Bruce and Alan Holdsworth are both credited but you would n't know they were on the album unless you read the liner notes . Perhaps if the band or composer had used some `` cockayne '' this album would have risen above tepid , but as it is it 's not jazz and it 's not rock . Rather it 's a hybrid of the worst parts of both genres that never rises above mediocre . In fact mediocre is n't the correct term . This album is actually striking in how annoying it is
 Such a sad way to end , the once brilliant and innovative Soft Machine reduced to Fuzak-dreck like this ! Not even the presence of Allan Holdsworth and Jack Bruce was enough to wake this thing from its slumber . One thing for sure , Karl Jenkins drove the band into the ground creatively with his boring minimalist sensibilities.For insomnia sufferers only .
 This is a well recorded 50 's jazz cd set that represents some of the best from Tristano and Konitz . A nice addition for the followers of `` The Cool School . ''
 words can hardly explain the bitterness that i feel at this once innovating musician.The first album rocked like past latter Kraftwerk efforts have by setting new electronik frontiers to cross.the second album was a abomination of all krautrock to date and send germany back into the polka days.Utterly detestable use of his equipment and void of vocoder and real synths.He should come up with more of the first albums feel.NO doubt this effort should finish any chance of being remotely marketable.sorry bro try again
 Horrible recording . Muddy vocals . Bad mixing . It 's as if somebody in Korea or Uganda got hold of a Santana tape and dubbed it onto CD and then burned a bajillion copies before they sold it to Laserlight . Do not buy this CD under any circumstances .
 Foolishly I bought this through an Australian company named Fishpond that clearly models itself on Amazon . Their system does not offer the customer reviews which would have warned me off this purchase - and they do n't show the cover art either . So instead of getting the genuine single CD `` Santana '' album , I was sent this 3 CD box of what is absolutely unlistenable quality rubbish - issued by the budget music label `` Weton Wesgram '' in the Netherlands . Every single aspect of these CDs is terrible , and they sound very much like they were transferred from 40 year old cassette tapes that had been left in the sun all those years . These discs are going straight in the bin - no one I know would ever thank me for even giving them away.A major advantage with Amazon is that 99.9 % of the time the item you order matches the item they display and the information they provide . The other big advantage is that customers can post genuine reviews of products that do n't live up to their expectations.This Weton Wesgram 3CD boxed set ` Santana '' is one of the very worst quality products ever manufactured on planet Earth . Do n't even consider paying money for it.BTW
 DELTA/LASERLIGHT sinks to new lows with this odd SANTANA album.The later-career version of `` Persuasion '' here is lame -- it does n't have the fire of that first COLUMBIA LP 's track . The title cut , `` Evil Ways '' is bootleg-quality live material . The rest on this one is forgettable.NOT recommended . -LRB- 1 jingos -RRB-
 I certainly would n't recommend this performance to anyone . One only has to compare it to Eugen Jochum 's direction of Carmina Burana in 1968 to know that Pavel Urbanek 's attempt is inferior in every respect . The only plus for this CD is that its inexpensive , but the performance is also cheap . Pass it by !
 The recording quality of this CD is so bad the performance hardly matters . You ca n't hear it anyway . Try the 1968 Jochum version on DGG .
 I am a big Jan and Dean Fan . They WERE great but the newer cuts on this album are really bad . Not meaning to dis Jan but his choice of `` songs '' -LRB- ? -RRB- is bad . I admire him for his strength of soul to come back and work but the `` music '' is really not good . I LOVE the original Jan and Dean works .
 The image quality of this DVD is HORRIBLE !! . I own the VHS version and this one has a much better image . Impro-Jazz did not care at all about the quality of this DVD , they just make a very bad copy of the VHS.In spite of that , this is is a very good concert ; Sarah Vaughan is a great vocalist and she sings magnificently all the songs of this program .
 It has some of the songs I am looking for but I am looking for Jingle Bells , with Guy Lombardo and the Royal Canidians . The alubm is from the fifties.I have the album but would like it on cd .
 I have n't heard this CD yet and based on the other review here , I probably never will . But I WILL assume that -LRB- hopefully ? -RRB- this is NOT the Roger Joseph Manning Jr. that recorded `` Land of Pure Imagination '' . I think the Roger Joseph Manning Jr. that you are looking for was in the original Power Pop Band called ` Jellyfish ' that released the albums `` Bellybutton '' and their even better second album -LRB- which is usually a Power Pop fan 's favorite -RRB- called `` Spilt Milk '' . -LRB- If you play `` Spilt Milk '' in a car CD player that immediately replays track 1 after the last track ends , you should notice that the album ends with the same single musical note that it starts with ! Clever musicians ! -RRB- Roger Joseph Manning Jr. also released other solo albums
 This was the worst album I have ever heard . I thought this was going to sound at least a little bit like `` Land of Pure Imagination '' . It was exactly the opposite . There was not one decent listenable track on this CD . If you like hearing Bob Dylan as a livestock auctioneer , maybe you will like this , but if you are looking for anything like Roger 's album `` Land of Pure Imagination '' keep looking . I have never been so disappointed in a cd in all my life . This is horrible . The sound quality is also poor . I ca n't believe this is the same guy who did `` Pure Imagination '' . Also there is a lot of `` language '' - cuss words and such.This is by no means a commercial album - in case you are wondering . There is a decent amount of talking - what sounds like clips from college radio shows and clips from his phone answering machine .
 Juuuudy ! Juuuuuuuudy ! Oh Giver-Goddess sublime , oh Healer of Hermaphrodites ... is n't it time for some new material ? Like we have TIME for a recorded re-tread of your first three albums ... dream on , Klingon . You read real purty from your bible , `` The Power of Judyism , '' and the Goddess ' sound men practically go Postal to make sure you have appropriate effects . But our foreheads have been buffed to a blinding sheen already , and the fat jokes are about as fresh as Blowseanne 's panty shields.Let 's go back in time ... OOHHHH , KYOKOOOO ... remember when you were the only Virgin Flower on the block ? -LRB- It could happen ! -RRB- You converted us to Judyism by doling out your barbs and slams with religious fervor , and we ached to recieve the gift of your pre-chewed gum . Now your audience can shout out your pungent punchlines before you get a chance , as if they already possess you . -LRB- NO ! -RRB- We may be little more than Hillfiger heifers and Gap-going gonads for wanting something new and trendy , but we love you as much as our Ernest Borgnine beauty treatments.We love you , Defiant Diva , and your musical interludes here are head and shoulders above the nose of that sycophant Streisand . But you run the risk of self-parody , sweet Geisha Girl , and even the most burly butt-pirate has heard this schtick more often than he 's been stuck . To spread the word of Judyism we must bring you forward in time ... the Darva Congers and larva-eaters of Survivor demand to be skewered on the spit of your sarcasm . There are boy bands to be butchered and Kathy Lee is still at large ... we need the Goddess ' guidance to put these pigs in their place.We await your response to these and other triumphs of tastelessness , oh Empress of Elvis Impersonators.-Mic
 The only thing funny about this cd is the title . This was the most tedious , juvenile collection I 've ever heard -LRB- it could happen -RRB- . I can only surmise that the positive reviews given to this mess must have been planted . Good Lord , this is putrid . Mine is up for sale for a penny , if you want it . Sorry that it is so overpriced ...
 This was a first for me . I did not laugh or even crack a smile while listening to the thirteen tracks of this album . I heard another one hers -LRB- Butt Pirates ... -RRB- which made me laugh , but this one had me wondering am I missing something here ? Why did n't I find this funny ? I found it a waste of time and a major disappointment from a comedian who I thought was funny , but now I am not so sure . I can not recommend this CD at all .
 I have purchased and enjoyed so many super budget Laserlight CDs , I find it somewhat difficult to pan one of their items . But this Dvorak 5 is a dud . Bad playing by a provincial orchestra , heavy handed interpretation and bad recorded sound . For this great symphony , look elsewhere .
 This cd has its good points and its bad points . Good points are the skill of the musicians ; the gothic themes sounded good what I could hear of it -- then there is the bad , and it ruins the album , the singer sounds like someome has put his nuts in a vice and is squeezing them . or it sounds like a cat that has been thrown in a bonfire . There is low growls that do n't sound too bad , but the high screeching noise the singer makes ruins this ablbum . There is a female reciting poitry !!! Why dose n't she sing , it may have saved this horror , I would recomend this cd to the military to use as a torture device for prisoners
 After hearing so much hype about this Cradle of Filth band , I decided to download this album off the internet . Man , was I glad I did n't buy it.First of all , let me state that I am usually very open of any metal record . Heavy Metal is one of my favorite genres of music , along with classical and progressive rock . Anyways , when I first heard this cd , I actually liked the guitar riffs and growling vocals . However , the high pitched screeching was a MAJOR turnoff . It sounded terrible with the rest of the music and drove me insane . Also , I 'm not big on the lyrics . I 'm really not into that whole vampire thing.Recommended if you enjoy hissing vocals and a gothic image . For better extreme metal , I 'd check out Opeth or Children of Bodom .
 To be blunt this album is really , really not that good . I do however think that the music is good , I 'm afraid the lyrics just ruin what could be a really good sound . The lyrics are sung in a high pitched , and really quite silly way , they ruin the backing of the other band members . If you are a hard core Cradle of Filth fan by this album now , it is just more of the same , you 'll love it . It 's just this album really is n't my thing . If your not a hard core fan , only buy this to annoy everyone in your street , or buy it for a laugh .
 The psychological struggle that I 'm having with keeping this album of `` Dusk ... and Her Embrace '' is this : I love their dark instrumentation , their haunting -LRB- even classy -RRB- passages and effects they make with their music . This album represents a great extreme with the clash of nerving satanic heavy metal mixed with soft seductive classical intermezzos.Even their album cover is beautifully done . So artistic . So creative at creating a dark and forboding expectation for what you are about to hear.But , what I really hate the most , is their vocalist . The undecypherable screaming this guy does is just awful ! How can anyone enjoy that screaming ? Reading the lyrics in the booklet is quite enjoyable . So the writing is definately well done . But , the vocalist is just screaming . I ca n't follow what the vocalist is saying even while reading the lyrics word-for-word as he screams . What garbage ! I have to close my eyes and imagine that a dirty rabid junk yard dog is barking at me though the fence . I have to fabricate a vision to my mind 's eye to be able to sit through this album . I have to , maybe even , put an angry , grease-sweating , oily sewer rat grizzily hissing and growling at me -LRB- like you 'd see in horror films about third world country prisons -RRB- . This is the sound of the vocalist I have to imagine if I 'm going to have any kind of tolerence to this horrid screaming.Anyone who could actually enjoy listening to this vocalist , can not be mentally stable or psychologically healthy . You 'd have to be some kind of psychopath , who 's bitter and angry about your own life . You 'd have to have a hate and intolerance for everything and everyone around you.So , to sum it all up . The music is the best . But the vocalist -LRB- I refuse to say `` singer '' -RRB- should be taken to the Department of Animal Control and put to sleep . I 'd be happy to shoot him through the fence , myself.I really wish this band had a different approach to their vocals . Ronnie James Dio , he is not .
 OK , I like Cradle of Filth and I like Dani , but I honestly do n't see why everybody loves this album . I wanted to like this album , seeing how I AM a CoF fan , but this is far from being brutal and even further from being beautiful . A few piano keys and some slow , female vocals do n't make it pretty.First of all , the production is still just awful . It 's not at all a step up from what the production was like on their debut . The pianos and vocals -LRB- even the female vocals -RRB- are about two times as loud as the rest of the band . This means that the guitars and drums are pushed to the back , and sometimes even pushed completely out of the picture . Is that how brutal black metal is supposed to be done?Next , whatever prettiness this album has is ruined by Dani Filth . His vocals are about as annoying as they come . Listening to Dani , here , made me feel like glass shards were shooting into my ear drum . I do n't mind his shrill battle cries and shrieks most of the time , but these are just terrible . They are way too loud and overly dramatic ; it 's almost like he 's saying `` Hey ! Everybody listen to me ! `` The female spoken word vocals are just as annoying ; they really get under your skin . I just wanted to smash my C.D. player and throw my headphones across the room and yell `` Shut up ! `` So , this album has a number of problems , but the main problem is the production . If you thought the production on `` Principals of Evil Made Flesh '' was bad , you have n't heard anything , yet ! Unless you 're a diehard Cradle of Filth or dark metal fan and you 're looking for some filler for your collection , get `` Midian , '' `` Damnation and a Day , '' and `` Nymphetamine , '' and forget this C.D. even exists .
 they are not celtic frost -LRB- before into the pandemonium
 Put this into your mind
 I bought this album because I was bored and it looked like some kind of Type O Negative knock off . I 'm always up for something new so off I went to go play it . I had heard alot about this band in the past , not ever about the style of music though , mainly about their t-shirts . Now I can see why . The music is your typical romp through the typical metal forest and the vocals are beyond bad on the ears.Ok , so maybe they 'll have good lyrics I thought . Um , no . The lyrics were beyond shallow and cliche . It was the typical `` oo satan satan '' . King Diamond did this and it was n't impressive when he did it . This cd is just your typical romp through mediocre metal and horrible written lyrics and for a bonus they have a vocalist who needs to take some lessons.If metal is your thing though , you may like the structure of the music , it is n't horrible if you are n't looking for anything fresh and you like the whole `` heard it before '' thing .
 This band is a complete joke . Dani Filth 's vocals are so ridiculous I ca n't believe anyone is taking this music seriously - he sounds like a bird being tortured to death . And I am speaking as a doom/black metal fan who considers My Dying Bride to exemplify the best of the genre.Even putting the cartoonish vocals aside , CoF is inferior in every other way as well . The tracks themselves are repetitive and lack interesting hooks . And you do n't get a feel that CoF knows how to develop the atmosphere around a song like MDB does.In other words , garbage . Stay away .
 I seen the cover , I was very impressed , song titles did draw me to buy the cd , but my God , how could anyone stand that screaching , I was impressed by the guitar work , but like most metal today , has anyone forgoten how to SING , it was the worst 20 bucks I have ever spent , not inspiring at all , I wouldnt recomend this album to a friend or an emeny , well maybe an enemy , if they could endure the pain of listening to it .
 Real Black Metal = Bathory , Immortal , Satyricon , Darkthrone , Dark Funeral , Mayhem , Emperor , etc. . . Cradle Of Filth = MTV Black Metal Wanna-bes . A Gothic Romance?hah
 Get this piece of trash away from me . Noise ... screams ... organs ... vampires ? Thats ... fruity .
 Is this to be taken seriously ? For those who have been wondering what ever happened to the Wicked Witch from the Wizard of Oz , she -LRB- ok , he -RRB- has taken to laying down vocals for this troop.If this is a joke or parody , I get it and it 's funny . If not , puh-leeze . I kept waiting to hear the words `` I 'll get you my pretty ... and your little dog too . '' In fact , 45 Grave -LRB- and I suppose , The Misfits and Samhain -RRB- pulled off this type of `` joke '' better , albeit with slightly less musical sophistication ... I will however say this about this release
 ok first of all , THE LEAD SINGER IS A MIDGET !! midgets are scary people who should NOT be allowed to record cd 's . it 's as simple as that . I wouldn ; t even mind the guy being a midget if he could sing !!! but he ca n't !! I think that someone just recorded this midget throwing up and decided to put it on a cd . I do n't know why though . The other REALLY funny thing is , this cd tries to be all poetic and romantically tortured with it 's titles . I mean , The cd is called `` Dusk and Her Embrace ! '' that sounds like a new kind of perfume J.Lo would come out with !! And just look at the song titles for more laughs
 I strongly suggest to music stores taking this worthless junk off the shelves and putting it in the fireplace.Just like all black/death metal , it 's that bad.If you like mindless idiots screaming their no talent lungs out this is the band for you.If you like talented musicians , look elsewhere -LRB- Dave Matthews , Aerosmith , Guns N Roses -LRB- Appetite For Destruction -RRB- .
 Although I enjoy the feeling that I am sitting in the orchestra when I listen , there is a great deal of background noise , coughing , breathing , instrument noises -LRB- valves , movement , etc. -RRB- and ambient room noises , that one would not expect to hear in a professional recording . It sounds almost as though the recording was made in full during live performance , then split into tracks . Percussion is n't crisp and clear , many entrances of instruments are slightly imprecise . Some movements feel disjointed , others are perfectly timed . If you want the feel of being in the audience to listen live , this is a good recording for you . If you are distracted , as I am , by the noises of the audience -LRB- or ill orchestra members -RRB- , you may want to find a different recording .
 The beginning of the end for Little River Band.After ditching lead singer Glenn Shorrock and key harmony man Beeb Birtles , the band decided to go hard rock , but the changes were too much for fans with the album only reaching to number 75 on the Billboard charts and the `` Playing to Win '' single only reaching number 60 . The band members heavily promoted the album on US radio , even changing their name temporarily to LRB but to no avail.New lead singer John Farnham provides some good vocals on songs like `` Blind Eyes '' and the title song , but the hard rock did not suit the bands harmony style.Had they stuck to the soft rock style of the previous `` The Net '' album , they might have had continued success , but with the loss of Beeb Birtles backing harmonies and the change to hard rock , it just fell apart.Fans did n't reject John Farnham , they rejected Graham Goble 's hard rock experiment .
 As a major fan of Eno 's work , this came as a major disappointment upon it 's release . At the time of it 's release , he was contibuting/experimenting with Sseyo 's Koan software , where one sets certain parameters to a intrument voice and the ware will generate music within those parameters . In fact , there was a set of `` Eno pre-sets '' you could buy from the company that you could plug in and you would have a ever-changing Eno soundtrack . That 's what The Drop sounds like . It comes off as a phoned-in , by-the-numbers collection of uninspired Koan experiments . In fact , I came up with -LRB- arguably -RRB- more interesting sounding things playing around with a demo version of the software myself . Save your money , go the the Koan website and download a demo of the software yourself and come up with about the same thing.This was the first release of Eno 's that I was disappointed with and sadly , not the last . This marked the first in a long string of seemingly uninspired work from somone who at one time guaranteed a `` Wow '' on every release . A real shame .
 In his career , Brian Eno has covered a lot of ground . mostly in the instrumental vein , and he rarely repeats himself . As such , it is the case that sometimes there will be material that just does n't work well -LRB- or at all -RRB- with a given listener as Eno pushes in new directions . For many -LRB- including myself -RRB- , `` The Drop '' is one of those pieces . Consisting of 16 brief experiments and one extended work -LRB- and augmented on this reissue by two bonus tracks -RRB- , mostly outside of the vein of ambient and rather experiments with looping , I have a hard time viewing most of this material as anything but a failure.The unifying element here seems to be looped backgrounds over which theme-driven keyboard lines -LRB- that sound at least in part improvised -RRB- are played . Each track presents a different style , and nearly all of them end before they get anywhere . Some of them are interesting -LRB- pointless keyboard study `` But If '' , bass-driven `` Boomcubist '' , Morricone-tinged `` Dutch Blur '' -RRB- , but by and large , its an exercise in irritating keyboard sounds -LRB- `` Belgian Drop '' , `` Out/Out '' -RRB- , unnervingly obnoxious samples -LRB- `` Block Drop '' , the mind-numbing `` M.C. Organ '' -RRB- and what sounds like unfocused and pretty much pointless keyboard excursions -LRB- `` Cornered '' , `` Blissed '' -RRB- . And in at least one case , all three of these manage to be true -LRB- `` Rayonism '' -RRB- . The extended piece on the record -LRB- `` Iced World '' -RRB- actually works out ok , but it FEELS like a half hour long piece . One of the great things about Eno 's longform composition is that the pieces never feel as long as they are.The remaster certainly sounds good enough , although the liner notes are nonexistent -LRB- its a one-sheet `` booklet '' -RRB- . The album is augmented by two bonus tracks that are pretty much in the same vein as the rest of the album.In short , `` The Drop '' is not essential Eno material . Its the kind of thing you get if you 're a completionist , anyone else should look elsewhere .
 Brian , what should we do with these 19 short throw away pieces laying around the studio ? Just DROP them onto a CD and my loyal neibob fans will eat them up . Lite piano pieces followed by mysterious thumping tunes followed by ambient snippets then carnival electronica and back to the piano . Short disconnected noninnovative electronica . The cornerstone `` Iced world '' -LRB- the reason I purchased this CD -RRB- sounds like Lalo Schifrin 's prelude music to the famous Bullitt car chase scene ... . Build it and they will buy . Bye bye Bri .
 I just got this CD and was quite disappointed . The song 's of course are great , but the recording quality of this CD is horrendous . I ripped it to disk and analyzed it with Sound Forge and the right channel is highly clipped on many of the songs and that makes the stereo balance favor the right channel too much . I have the LP of Walk Do n't Run Vol . 2 and except for the obvious record hiss and scratches , the sound is MUCH more balanced and clear on the LP.If you can find these albums on a different label , give that a shot because this label definitely destroyed the quality !
 Tom , leave the schmaltz to `` The Great White Way '' . Absolutely , without a doubt , Tom 's worst effort to date . It simply is what it is , `` Broadway '' . To me , trying to listen to this album is completely impossible . Sorry Tom , you 're an artist of the highest order and I love all of your other work , but some times even the golden goose lays a rotten egg .
 After reading all the glowing reviews for this CD , I felt that I had to provide at least a partial rebuttal . First , let me say that I 've been a T.W. fan for over 25 years , through all his iterations . He is , quite simply , one of my favorite artists . That said , this is the only Waits CD I ca n't relate to AT ALL . I must have listened to this thing at least 20 times over a two year period before finally giving up selling it . This is the only Waits I 've ever parted with . If you like his `` post-Swordfish '' style , try `` Rain Dogs '' , `` Bone Machine '' , `` Blood Money , or `` Alice '' - damn near anything but this -LRB- even `` Mule Variations '' , if you must -RRB- . If you love Waits , you 'll probably have to try this -LRB- like I did -RRB- , but consider yourself warned .
 We have been Waits fans for years and love most of his work . After listening to this and not listening to it for several years my husband finally traded it at a used record store . We have a house full of records , tapes and CD 's but this is the only one we have ever disliked enough to get rid of .
 Debussy has long been one of my favorite composers . `` La Mer '' is a fantastic portrayal of the sea and it was with great anticipation I ordered this CD , However , I am greatly disappointed in the actual recording . It is impossible to listen to in comfort without constantly lowering and raising the sound level . One minute , the music is so low , it can not be heard . The next , a loud burst of music jolts and startles one . It is a pity , to have beautiful music such as this spoiled by poor sound engineering .
 I used to have the original stereo United Artists `` Got ta Take That One Last Ride '' on 8-track and it sounded MUCH better than this . Unfortunately , some -LSB- one -RSB- decided to compile EVERY single track in MONO and use the same track listing for this CD . If you 're a mono purist , this is definately the CD for you . However , if you want to hear Jan and Dean in true stereo like the original Liberty records , I would whole-heartedly recommond avoid buying products from One Way Records . If they ever heard of more than One Way , maybe they would n't have chosen the Wrong Way !
 This just wo n't do ! These are n't that bad of performances - the notes are mostly in the right places , they move along at a steady pace , and the sound is adequate . It 's just that they lack the joy and brio found in so many other recordings . Except for the extremely low price , far better accounts are available - especially those by Toscanini -LRB- even with less than ideal sonics -RRB- , Giulini -LRB- wonderful cantabile -RRB- , and the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra -LRB- full of energy -RRB- . I do n't know the versions by Reiner or Marriner , but I know they are considered to be among the best . So unless you 're collecting the entire `` Passion '' series or get this CD in the complete set -LRB- like me -RRB- , you can safely pass this one by .
 I bought this CD expecting world-class performances without spending much money cuz the title says `` Great Chopin Performers '' ... instead I had to listen to lots of mistakes and unstable performances and inconsistancy in tones from bad recording or something . It hurts when a performer makes a single mistake . I just could n't bear with it even considering that it 's a recording from Chopin competition or whatever . so I CAN NOT recommend this CD to no one .
 A quick review . ` The A-Z of Queen Volume 1 ' is an utterly disposable compilation from the legendary Queen . This is horribly made , horribly crafted , and it basically contains songs that are on every other compilation Queen has released . We get ` All-Time Greatest Hits ' and ` Absolute Greatest ' almost every year , and yet , the stuff that collectors would go crazy for sit and rot in the vaults.Why not reissue the ` The 12 '' Collection , ' one of the rarest and most sought after Queen compilations in their catalogue -LRB- released as a part of a TV-offer box set , ` The Box of Tricks ' in England in 1992 but was out of print by the next year -RRB- , as that would be something that most Queen collectors would like to own ? Or why not start releasing some archival concerts , like the complete Knebworth show from 1986 , or one of the three Madison Square Garden shows from 1980 -LRB- ` The Game ' Tour -RRB- , or perhaps the Rainbow Theater show from 1974 , which is considered to be one of the shows responsible for breaking them through to a large audience?Look , Queen are great . I know that and I hope most of you out there know that . But collections like ` The A-Z of Queen Volume 1 ' are albums that Freddie -LRB- if he were still here -RRB- would most likely NOT approve of . Come on Hollywood and come on Roger and Brian . This is getting just ridiculous . Stop with the compilations . It 's really unnecessary these days . Re-release ` The 12 '' Collection ' and start releasing more concerts instead of these useless compilations you seem to throw at us every 2-3 years.What I just stated is what most true Queen fans want . And who knows ? Maybe the boys and Hollywood will read this review and a lightbulb will go off in their heads . I doubt it , but hey , you live in hope.So quit buying this and wait for a TRUE archival release to come out in say , 2015 . Queen will have to budge one day .
 Britpop may have been fine when it came to fast , uptempo cheerful songs , which reflected Britain 's modo at the time as well as being great to singalong to . The trouble was , few of it 's luminaries were all that smart , and were left to look lame when they tried to do something of a suposedly higher emotional plane . Cast are lumbered alongside Ocean Colour Scene , Menswear and several others too bland to remember in falling flat at their attempts at sophistocation.Stuff like Live the Dream , On the Run and Never Gon na Tell You What To Do show that John Power has very little at his heart . Rollicking tunes like Guiding Star , an infectious song owing much to his religious beliefs , and the old-fashioned -LRB- but what have Cast done which is n't ? -RRB- lead single Free Me show some spark , and suggested that for second-hand price -LRB- it is a staple in second hand shops in England -RRB- it may be worth it.Sadly not . The album 's fourth single was I 'm So Lonely , which was adequate but not stunning , even compared to Walkaway which veered a little close to bland for my liking . Otherwise it was a mess of outdated ideas and had the image of a band trying too hard to be mature.And as a final point , David Groves descirbes their debut as ` exciting ' , which pours scorn on Scott Shea 's lousy argument that he is wasting his time writing a review as he does n't like the band . If no-one reviewed bands they do n't like these reviews would just be blind hero-worship similar to his own review , and not useful in providing recommedations at all . But it sums this album up . The only people who said nice things about it were already Cast fans , willing to put up with any old rubbish .
 This album is the wost cast album as was later admitted by the lead singer/songwriter John Power . It fails to excite like their debut or prove as moving as their third album . If you like cast for what they do best - interesting pop-rock then you may be disappointed by this flat record . As for the previous reviewer Scott Shea , for someone who believes David Groves wasted his time for doing an honest , if negative , review you seem to spend a lot of time in your review criticising him ! Double-standards ?
 This album has one of the most gorgeous pop songs of the 1990 's in `` I 'm So Lonely , '' but sadly , the rest of the album fails to live up to its shimmering heights . A couple of the other songs are pleasant -LRB- `` Free Me , '' `` Guiding Star '' -RRB- , but save your money , especially at this price . Definitely not worth it . Go buy the La 's album instead .
 This album came two years after Cast 's exciting debut ` All Change ' which typified Liverpudlian Brit-Pop . This follow up is a more depthful , and is reliant upon many mellow ballads that do n't always work.The opener ` Free Me ' has the usual Cast elements but fails to excite in the way the singles from thier debut album did . The no more than average ` On The Run ' is followed by the simply amateur ` Live The Dream ' which all means that the album starts off disappointingly . ` Soul Tied ' manages to capture the emotion that John Power tries to create through the album , but is still to repetitive to completely work . ` She Sun Shines ' uses nice backward gutar and is one of the few up-beat numbers of the album though yet again it is let down by its repetitiveness.The sentimental ` I 'm So Lonely ' shows the other side to Cast using a full string orchestra and acoustic guitars , yet the band do not seem to re-create the believable emotion of ` walkaway ' found on thier debut.The album picks up from here and the most interesting song of the album follows - ` The Mad Hatter ' which shows what Cast are capable of . With gutsy vocals , spacey keyboard and interesting chord changes this song reaches deeper than most -LRB- It will be loved by La 's fans due to its ` Help ' - era Beatles feel -RRB- . This album follows up with another high quality song - the rocking ` Mirror Me ' which shows what Cast do best i.e. using a melodic verse/chorus/verse format with a psychedelic middle-eight . The substandard ` Guiding star ' follows , suggesting Power had rested on his laurels a bit . It builds up well enough , but its repetitious `` Get Up , Get Up ... '' chorus begins to grate on the ear after the first listening . ` Never Gon na Tell You What To Do ' follows , and is arguably the best song Cast had released up to this point . Lennonesque vocals , fingerstyle acoustic mixed with psychedelic electric guitar add to the meaningful lyrics that are used to full effect , and it ends up as emotional a song Cast have released . Outstanding.The poetic , epic ` Dance of the Stars ' is a competent ending and leaves you wondering how good this album could have been if the simplisic , repetitive songs had been replaced . Worth getting as a contrast to Cast 's debut album but too bitty to be anything special .
 This album shows John Power fall from being an essential member of the greatest band ever , to the frontman of one of the most annoying . Every track on this album makes you want to chuck your record player in into a bashed up old bin . Guiding Star is possibly the most repetitive song ever written ... repeating ` get up ' 107 times !! The La 's , on the other hand -LRB- Power was bassist -RRB- is diametrically opposite ... an album of true beauty . Do us a favour John , give up the guitar , pick up ya bass and go and get Lee moving again ...
 I LIKE NATALIE BUT PATTI LABELLE IS BETTER VOCAL WISE AND SUCESS WISE . THIS ALBUM IS OKAY BUT THE COVER PICTURE IS HORRIBLE . THE BACK COVER IS CHEAP WITH A PICTURE OF WHAT LOOKS A WHEAT FIELD . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY THE ANOTHOLOGY .
 There is no possible excuse for this album . Whoever is responsible for chaining Sarah Brightman 's divine voice to this atrocious selection of mediocrities ought to be sentenced to a lifetime of listening to William Shatner sing rap songs in subway tunnels . She sleepwalks through the entire thing , with the possible exception of the rather pretty title song , and only comes to life on ALWebber 's `` Love Changes Everything . '' The latter is available on other CDs and the former is not worth the price of this collection of messes , unless you are perverse enough to want to hear one of the best voices in creation singing `` nibby nob nooby bibby bop boopy '' on `` Good Morning Sunshine . '' I just wasted nearly $ 35 on this disaster . Do n't make the same mistake . Sarah , your last 3 or 4 CDs would go with me if I was ever to be stranded on a desert island , but I 'd rather be on that desert island than listen to this again ! What were you thinking ???
 Sarah Brightman is doubtlessly one of the great singers of the early 21st century , with an outstanding , flexible and versatile voice that can whisper and soar . Alas , `` As I Came of Age '' shows that as a singer , she had n't come of age when this album was made.A few of the songs on here hint at her future brilliance , such as the heartbreaking `` And The River Cried '' , the softer `` As I Came of Age , '' and the rollicking `` Some Girls '' -LRB- `` Some girls get carried away/others save it for a rainy day ... '' -RRB- However , her renditions of such songs as the choppy `` Something to Believe In , '' generic pop `` Take My Life , '' faux-folky `` Alone Again Or '' and the unexciting , poorly-written `` Love Changes Everything '' are severely lacking . And `` Good Morning Starshine '' is painful enough when sung by anyone else . When Sarah sings it , the injustice of her singing `` glibby glop gloopy '' or whatever the words say , is too unbearable.While `` As I Came of Age '' might work for a singer with a more limited range and more restricted skills , it does n't work for Sarah . As she sings , her voice always has the frustrating feel of a brilliant artist who is not getting to go to the limit -- not unlike watching the Renaissance artist Michaelangelo doodling cartoon bunny rabbits.Sarah Brightman has since gone on to fame , fortune , and a better selection of songs that complement her talents . `` As I Came of Age '' has a few good songs , but not enough to justify its existance . Distinctly lacking .
 I was so frustrated for having purchased it on a guessing basis , for taking her music for granted . I love her , but if you 've listened to other fabulous achievements of hers , like ` Dive ' and ` Timeless ' , for instance , you 'll hardly believe she 's ever recorded such a kitsch album as this . It it soooo sweeeet , that at times it seems to ooze sugar . The impression I had was that this was a regrettable attempt to immitate the -LRB- unequaled ! -RRB- ABBA style .
 Listened to `` Time to Say Goodbye '' and `` Dive '' and had to have more . I am sorry to say that this cd is not to my taste at all . It was like listening to someone other than Brightman . I will continue to search for similar works as the above mentioned because she still has a golden voice that touches the soul .
 I love Sarah but the song selection in this album is awful and her voice does not sound very good singing pop and folk . Avoid it .
 I enjoy SB 's music very much . Eden , Diva , Classical songs etc. . However , it 's not that I do n't enjoy songs of her 's with a beat , it 's that this album was not a pleasure to listen to nor were the lyrics very good . This is the only CD of my 6 total of her 's that I 'd happily sell . The rest of them , well forget it , I love her music .
 I purchased this CD strictly on her connection with Bocelli . It was a waste of money . Listened to it three times and threw it in the trash .
 I 'm a big fan of Joe Cuba 's music which is why I bought this Best of Joe Cuba Sextet , but this best of album released by Charly is not so great.The songs are of low quality -LRB- to the point of being muffled -RRB- . They even went as far as trying to remix the original songs such as Bang Bang -LRB- one of my favorite Joe Cuba songs -RRB- , which came out poorly . Advice to record distributors trying to make a quick buck with best of albums , do n't mess with original classics . If so , then make it clear to the consumer and do n't try to pass it off as a Best of album featuring classic `` originals '' . Call it the `` Best of poorly done re-mixes done on the cheap album '' .
 I must agree with doomsdayer520 & `` David Smith '' ... Their reviews basically say it all ... Sparta need to quit redefining and find their soul within ... This is a band that has the capability to say something , but they have n't said it yet ... Until next time ...
 i was fully expecting to love `` threes . '' after all , i loved wiretap scars and porcelain , and there are usually naysayers for albums i love . however , it turns out that the haters really are right this time.the problem certainly is n't production value , because `` threes '' has that in spades . there 's more polish than even `` porcelain '' had , if you can believe it . the problem is what 's MISSING . the soul , the spirit , the fire of sparta 's past work is completely missing . where in the past , jim ward 's lyrics sounded at times cliche or less than poetic , here they sound like he just pulled them out of his -LRB- you know what -RRB- . contrary to what you 've heard , no , `` taking back control '' is NOT a good , catchy , or rocking song at all , and i would admit if it was . i have no aversion whatsoever to enjoying guilty pleasures . things REALLY fall down into the manure pile with `` atlas , '' the worst sparta song i 've ever heard , and a song that sounds almost exactly like COLDPLAY -LRB- some people are comparing songs to u2 - no , u2 is better than this -RRB- . other songs that stand out ??? oops ... NONE DO . it 's not that they 're `` bad songs . '' there 's plenty of musical talent here it seems . . just no inspiration . each wonderfully produced , well-executed meaningless void song continues into the next . i thought weezer 's green album was meaningless when i first heard it . . next to this , it feels flowing with inspiration and emotion ! and rivers cuomo was TRYING to make that album emotionless.the lyrics are total garbage ... they mean nothing . this is also sparta 's QUIETEST affair , which i have no problem with ... if it 's done well . heck , even NIN and the deftones have done great acoustic versions of songs . usually , i love piano and strings used in good rock songs ... here , the piano adds nothing at all . but at least the album could END on a strong note , right ??? no such luck . the last song is probably the worst song on the whole thing , with the trite chorus `` make peace with your action '' repeating , jim ward 's passionless voice , and ... no , i 'm not making this up , a black wailing soul lady singer in the background ! wow . ok guys , you 're not pink floyd , you ca n't pull that off so do n't try . jesus christ!porcelain and wiretap scars are really great . . but here , they 've fallen into a big rut . all great music stems from passion , and there 's none here . especially surprising because sparta is a band that seemed to exist on passion . not recommended unless you want to hear some music that will completely exit your brain as soon as the song stops .
 I do n't typically write reviews for items , but I feel very strongly about this album . I first experienced Sparta live when they opened for Weezer in 2002 , and after picking up Wiretap Scars I was hooked . The layering of songs as well as the aggressive vocals and guitars gave Sparta a unique sound that was full of energy.Although I felt that Porecelain was below the par of Wiretap Scars , I still enjoyed it as an album . All the elements that made Sparta such a great and unique band have been wiped away for Threes . Like others before me have said , this record feels extremely disorganized . Maybe Sparta is attempting to take a new direction , but it seems as if they 've completely lost their voice . If you enjoyed Wiretap Scars and Porcelain , Threes will leave you with a sour taste , and wondering where Sparta went
 I realy wanted to like this . At first I was very pensive about the move to the same label as Breaking Benjamin and Aly & AJ . But , not wanting to be some kind of snob , I picked up Threes . This album is like running into an old love whom has changed beyond all regognition . Listening to this cd it is impossible for me to grasp how this could even be the the same band who produced Wiretap Scars , much less been a part of At the Drive-In . For the most part they flail about wildly and seem to have no realy grasp of what they wanted to accomplish . With the exception of `` Atlas '' ... provided their intentions were to sound exactly like Coldplay . And with that I would like to officialy announce that it is over . Cedric and Omar are so wacked out on drugs that they think a 12 minute track consisting of crickets chirping and people kicking type-writers down the stairs is a good idea . And the rest have loving crafted the 12 bland , emotionless tracks which make up Threes . Minus Paul ... I guess I can respect him for '' '' '' `` hurting his back '' '' '' '' befor this train-wreck .
 Featuring Roy Kenner in vocals and Dominic Troiano in guitar , this recording is n't satisfactory . Troina 's guitar is interesting and clear , but it does n't obtain Walsh and Bolin level . I still prefer Joe Walsh 's funny and limited , but fashined vocals . Kenner sounds powerful though tasteless , nevertheless this disk contains some great and superb tunes . I recommend it to fans only .
 If you 're looking for something along the lines of the Happy 2b Hardcore series you will be disappointed in this CD set . I could n't find one decent tune on either of the two discs . Waste of money -- I 'd be willing to sell it for a dollar to anyone who wants to take it off my hands .
 I received the product in a timely manner , however it was not what I expected . I thought I was getting video of live performances , and what I got was videos that I could have watched on cable .
 I was a little disappointed in the WOW 2009 . It used some of the same artist as shown in WOW 2008 .
 I was not happy as I would have like to see live acts not video . I also wish they had put all the acts that were on the C.D. . The dvd was cut to 17 acts , and it was not what I had expected .
 You might as well buy their live CD 's . Although the sound is great , the video is hazy and poor compared to The Deepest End DVD . Seems like The Deepest End is out of print but BUY IT if you can . Of course , most Mule fans are work horse fans -LRB- stubborn as Mules -RRB- if you are one of those then you 'll still like this package .
 I just got this at a bargain price from Amazon.co.uk . Its great for completists and Meek collectors , and even for those who want to know about girl singers or production methods of the 1960s . But it 's not very listenable . There are about four really good tracks on it , and no stars with the possible exception of Glenda Collins .
 Seed of chucky soundtrack only has one good thing on it and It 's Chucky singing any song on the soundtrack of cource I would n't know if even he does because I 've never listened to the soundtrack I would but amazon wo n't let me or anyone else . Oh and if Jennifer tilley or if any of the charecter are drunk singing on the CD go them ! So that 's why It 's my pleasure to say Buy the dvd , rent the dvd , go visit the web site then if your still up to it Buy the soundtrack so you can have triple the Chucky all you want.-stephanie Boal NJ
 Being how several of my friends rave over this band being the supreme black metal band -LRB- and myself being a rather large fan of black metal -RRB- I decided to go check them out and purchased this album for that reason . What I heard confirmed several things , I could see why Cradle Of Filth are quite popular as far as black metal goes and why many of those much more into the genre strongly dislike this band . It had all the elements of black metal to be sure from the guitars , keyboards , proper atmosphere and high pitched vocals but it seriously lacked any sort of edge and sense of evil . Folks , black metal is all about evil , its the most friggin ' evil form of music there is ! Some bands like DarkThrone , Venom and Mayhem might never have had amazing chops and the music was quite simple because of it but they sure as hell knew how to write something pretty damn sinister and creepy . Others like Emperor and Satyricon while being evil at times showed what happened when truly skilled musicians took up their hand at writing black metal as both bands feature incredible virtuosity to go along with the amazing songwriting . Yet whatever they did , all of these bands created music that always sounded evil and was always very intense yet also listenable . Cradle Of Filth , much to my disappointment , seemed willing to take the ideals of black metal and present a `` easy listening '' version of what always was a very extreme form of metal . Without the skill of Satyricon or Emperor and without the pure evil of DarkThrone , Mayhem , Marduk and others what is left is something that may be black metal but does not belong in the same category as any of the bands I mentioned . I listen to this album every now and then buts i 've not yet been able to take it seriously and attach a real sense of value to it . Perhaps I 've listened to De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas or Anthems To The Welkin At Dusk one too many times for my taste in black metal to dip this low
 Cruelty And The Beast , like all the other CDs within this genre , is unadulterated trash.First of all , even those who proclaim their undying devotion for Cradle Of Filth , admit that Danni 's vocals take a while to get used to . Perhaps it needs to be explained to these misguided individuals , that music should not be something that you struggle to get used to.For those of you who have never had the displeasure of listening to Danni sing , suffice it to say , it sounds similar , I imagine , to what it must sound like , to hear an elderly female elf being savagely beaten.Luckily , the rest of the band is so devoid of talent , that you will find it difficult to focus on Danni 's vocal for any length of time.The one saving grace of this offering is Danni 's comedic lyrical style . Never before have I had the opportunity to read a lyric sheet that made me laugh out loud . The way he carelessly throws around words and phrases , that he clearly does n't understand , never ceases to be absolutely hysterical . I did however find it hard to decipher , which was funnier ; Danni 's lyrics , or his fan 's belief that they are somehow poetic.I was deeply saddened by the one reviewer who drew comparisons between this Cradle of Filth offering , and Queensryche 's Operation
 why do these guys think they need a perfect production and a pop sound ? Everything about this just sucks.I do n't understand how anyone can appreciate the vocals . What about bands like satyricon ? the vocalist from abigor and summoning is terrific . CoF were so great back in the Principle Of Evil Made Flesh days . this is n't black metal , that 's for sure . If you want black metal , look at Satyricon , Emperor -LRB- In the nightside eclipse -RRB- , abigor , or dissection .
 `` Tales from the Crypt ? '' Is that little skeleton the one singing in this band ? This band has excellent musicians but the `` yappedy yap chihuahua '' sounding singer RUINS the whole CD . This album is badder than a Dirt Devil , Eureka , Hoover , Regina , Royal Maid ... you get the picture .
 Cruelty and the Beast has all the fine vocal qualities of a cat having it 's tail stepped on . Add to it an assault of terrible drumming and boring gutiar riffs , and you 've got the worst display of Death/Black/Organic -LRB- whatever -RRB- metal ever put together . If you really want a taste of some good hardcore metal artists , check out Fear Factory , or some of the older Seplutaura albums . Leave this one on the shelf for the 14 year old nihilists who want to impress their wacked out friends .
 Cruelty and the Beast has all the fine vocal qualities of a cat having it 's tail stepped on . Add to it an assault of terrible drumming and boring gutiar riffs , and you 've got the worst display of Death/Black/Organic -LRB- whatever -RRB- metal ever put together . If you really want a taste of some good hardcore metal artists , check out Fear Factory , or some of the older Seplutaura albums . Leave this one on the shelf for the 14 year old nihilists who want to impress their wacked out friends .
 Gee , wo n't these guys ever go away ? CoF is an embarasement to the black metal scene . The vocals sound like a little gurl getting spanked on her bare buns by here b/f or Daddy ! CoF , quit this nonsense ! I laugh at all of u ! Listen to some real black metal like ... Thornspawn , Blood Storm , Impiety , Demoncy ... ect . ect ! CoF , GO AWAY !
 Cradle of Filth just ca n't help sucking . It 's in their blood.Anyway , the beginning of the second song on this album is awesome . The rest suck butt.By the way , the song Sodomy and Lust is a cover from the band Sodom . -LRB- Sodom is much better than Cradle of Filth . -RRB-
 This album , and this band , is a joke . Musically , it is full of cliches and is boring . And , well , lyrically ... ugh . If you like glam rock and sissy metal , this album is for you . If you think this is black metal , this is obviously the only thing you have ever heard -LRB- maybe you like Hecate Enthroned and Dummy Burger too -RRB- . Do n't waste your time with this drivel . Go listen to Dark Throne or Graveland if you want true black metal . Heil Fenriz !!!
 they started as an Original black metal band with `` theprinciple of evil ... but after that album , It was pretty clear Cradleof filth were going to turn to gothic . True black metal -LRB- bands like Immortal , old Satyricon , Graveland , Gontyna Kry , Ulver or Dissection -RRB- achieves a fearsome and ghoulish atmosphere , unlike this girlsih pretty dance . Dani 's vocals are getting even more high pitched , unlike immortal 's fierce growl , and looking at his present outfit he could as well be Marilyn manson . Traditional Black metal reminds you of the cold dark winter landscapes of norway and the mighty battles fought there , this reminds you of a broken dishwasher . Definitely I would n't call this Black Metal
 ... Because of Dani 's annoying and high pitched vocals . I had a chance to hear cof ` scruelty & beast but i did n't realy liked any of the songs , at all . First , the guitars dont sound good which realy dissapointed me because i thought these guys had talent but nope , none whats so ever . Dani filth 's vocals are so horrible ? That you realy get a head ache while listining to it -- its realy impossible to be able to bear with it . I listing to alot of extreme bands and even tho they are quite a few horrible bands ? They still do n't sound as horrible as cof 's music.Its sad tho , because black metal bands mostly sounds like this -- almost all the bands , with exception as i said before from these great bands `` burzum '' , `` immortal '' which are two fantastic bands that actullie have talent . I quess cof 's music should be put in the same category where you find Marylin manson and other boring gothic anti-christ bands . People have said that , Dani 's vocals sounds like a dog but no it sounds like a pig only when he growls it sounds like a dog . Disgraceeeee !! Dont waste your money on this joke .
 With most true black metal bands , such as Dissection , Emperor , Burzum , Darkthrone , and Satyricon , -LRB- I wo n't include Mayhem because this does n't apply to Mayhem -RRB- the music is verrry good , and if those bands only made instrumentals , I would love them . Unfortunately , all of these bands have `` singers '' , so just when you 're getting into the music and starting to like how brutally good it is , the singer/screamer/growler comes in and makes you puke . Dani 's vocals are no different , it 's just that he does n't even have musical talent to back it up . So , if you want to sum things up , these guys just plain -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Why oh why did I have to give it a star ? This totally sucks ! Just a bunch of noise with no melody , endless screaming , and pointless , recycled death metal . In short
 Hollow and empty-headed are the basic components in their tailor-made blasphemy . Their ideologies stew in a hearty soup of overproduction -LRB- everything AND the kitchen sink , including shrieking strings , mad-cap choirs , and overwrought percussion that could stun an ox in its midevial like sound-bomb tenacity -RRB- and any leftover points of musically solluble conviction are hardly realized because of the grating feedback that hums its idiot song long after the disc has stopped spinning . I can not believe that this poor guy thinks he is making good music . Perhaps THAT is the worst blasphemy of all . Dani , I 'd reccomend you take up yodeling . True , there is n't much money to be made in the craft , but it might be , perhaps , slightly less impossible to handle then this over-the-top circus tent nonsense that is at the common denominator of taste , intelligence , and craftmanship.Anyway , God hates your music -LRB- as do must of us -RRB- but He loves you : -RRB-
 Cradle Of Filth is Filthy indeed ! They ca n't play their instruments . The guitars do n't even sound good , like rain falling down hard , and are neither heavy nor melodic . And that screeching is just awful ! And why all the degrading of woman -LRB- I 'm a guy -RRB- ? Plus the imagery is gross ! This is NOT heavy metal . Or music . Avoid this CD at all costs !
 This band is a horror srceaming acting like there going to die GET ME A BREAK THOSE GUYS ARE SCARIEST !!!!!
 They give black metal a bad name . If you want real mallcore , Hot Topic-ky black metal , this is your album . But if you have taste , run .
 All it is would be mindless idiots screaming out mindless noise.When will these guys get killed off ?
 TRY `` 18 HEARTBREAKING SONGS '' OR `` THE BEST OF TIMI YURO '' THIS COMPILATION DOES NOT COMPARE TO SHOWCASING HER REAL TALENT AND WONDERFUL VOICE . GREAT CD PHOTO THATS ABOUT IT :-LRB- -LRB-
 Of course Marvin is one of the greatest R&B artists of all time , and his fans will likely be happy to have any of his music on video . I have hundreds of music videos from the 70 's , 80 , s and 90 's I have collected over the years by countless artists . However , I have purchased several DVD concerts and find most of them to be of very poor quality in video and sound . This one is no different . It seems that the producers are just throwing any video concert into the market without caring about the quality , just to make a dollar . The result is `` music lovers '' are repeated being burned by lousy quality concerts of their favorite artists . If you are not going to remaster the video for the current techology , then its a waste of money .
 Cowboys and Englishmen is suitable only for diehard Poco fans , and only after they 've stocked up on all of the other Poco releases . The band broke with their past history and recorded an album made up almost entirely of cover material . The result is well below Poco standards . The tunes they chose to cover were mostly weak to begin with , and for the most part the band does n't add anything to pump them up.The highlight of the album is the original `` Ashes/Feudin ' '' , a Rusty Young instant classic which harkens back to Poco 's country-rock heyday . These tunes would have fit in perfectly on Cantamos and other earlier Poco works . Rusty and Paul Cotton return to their country roots frequently on the album , and Rusty breaks out the dobro , pedal steel and mandolin after several albums of playing mostly guitar . Rusty 's cover of `` Sea of Heartbreak '' was pretty good and Paul 's cover of JJ Cale 's `` Cajun Moon '' was excellent . The latter tune has been a part of Poco 's live setlist for over 20 years . Most of the rest of the album is throwaway.This album has the feel of something that was thrown together in order to fulfill a contract obligation . If I had to replace my entire Poco collection this is probably the last album I 'd get , but as someone who believes that a bad Poco album is better than the best albums that lots of other artists made I would eventually get around to buying it .
 This is not one of Poco 's best album . The only decent song is `` Sea of Heartbreak . '' I do n't know what all the fuss is about . I think that Poco 's best album is Legend . That 's a keeper !! Do n't bother wasting your money on this one .
 If you were a fan of the first two albums of this band and were expecting more of the same on this album , let me save you time , money , and disappointment . This incarnation of the band bears almost no resemblence to what came before.The band retooled their sound for this album and jettisoned the sociopolitical fare for more standard r & b ; fare and the result is something foreign to their former sound.Now , that would n't make this a bad album . post-funk synth r & b ; was dominating the landscape at the time and this was clearly an effort to stay relevant at a time dominated by Al B. Sure , Keith Sweat , etc.What makes this a bad album is the quality fo the songs . There 's not a single song on this album that sounds good , and that 's before all the cheesy synth-funk aged it . If you listen to this album without ever having heard any other Bus Boys music it would still strike you as a horrible , horrible mistake .
 Well , when you have one keyboard player -LRB- Brian O ' Neal -RRB- and you hire two more -LRB- mainly synthersizer players -RRB- , you must be looking in another direction of sound like imitation Prince or The Time . But why?This is NOT your BusBoys of MINIMUM WAGE ROCK N ' ROLL -LRB- 1980 -RRB- or AMERICAN WORKER -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , The BusBoys ' better albums . This time Brian O ' Neal , Steve Felix and Victor Johnson recruit 3 new members -LRB- a bassist and two keyboardists -RRB- to replace the original 3 -LRB- which included the awesome songwriting talents to `` Kay Kay Kay '' , `` Respect '' & `` I Believe '' written by Brian 's brother Kevin -RRB- and additional vocalist Gus Lounderman . Look at the front cover . The two guys left of Brian O ' Neal -LRB- center -RRB- look like Bobby Z -LRB- Prince & The Revolution -RRB- and Morris Day -LRB- The Time -RRB- . Ya think?Here you got the BusBoys gettin ' funky like never before , but it 's a synth-funk -LRB- almost like a new wave funk -RRB- . Why did they feel they had to ? The best track is the title track , with a similar groove to Hall & Oates `` Maneater '' , it 's the only refreshing track here . `` Never Giving Up '' is the first track . Apparently they lied . Sounds like the BusBoys still got the soul but without the rock n ' roll and this song outlines the whole vibe of the rest of the album . And where is Victor Johnson ? The band 's guitarist . He 's MIA like those other founding members I spoke about . A riff here and a riff there but the synthersizers rule -LRB- note this is their first CD in 16 years -RRB- . BB fans , if it was n't the BusBoys and maybe a solo album by Brian O ' Neal with 2 founding members added to a backing band for him , it 's not half-bad but technically , it 's NOT a Brian O ' Neal solo album and it 's not the BusBoys either . Skip .
 If you were a fan of the first two albums of this band and were expecting more of the same on this album , let me save you time , money , and disappointment . This incarnation of the band bears almost no resemblence to what came before.The band retooled their sound for this album and jettisoned the sociopolitical fare for more standard r & b ; fare and the result is something foreign to their former sound.Now , that would n't make this a bad album . post-funk synth r & b ; was dominating the landscape at the time and this was clearly an effort to stay relevant at a time dominated by Al B. Sure , Keith Sweat , etc.What makes this a bad album is the quality fo the songs . There 's not a single song on this album that sounds good , and that 's before all the cheesy synth-funk aged it . If you listen to this album without ever having heard any other Bus Boys music it would still strike you as a horrible , horrible mistake .
 This might be the best POCO release ever . For many years it was almost impossible to find in a new CD format . This drove prices to near ridiculous levels . As the market will bear , I suspect . Now , finally , you can find this as part of a combo release remastered CD set - Under the Gun & Blue and Gray released by BGO records for under $ 20 . Available now on Amazon as an imported CD . For those folks gouging in order to make a buck , your prices have just gone down .
 After finally hitting their stride and enjoying long overdue commercial success in the early 80 's , for some unfathomable reason Poco decided to turn out a concept album based on the American Civil War . Concept albums were O.K. for the Moody Blues and the Kinks and such , but this one just does n't work . It is n't just the concept - the songs just are n't that great . Worse yet , Poco shows none of their wonderful instrumental talents on Blue and Gray . Other than the return of Rusty Young 's dobro after a few years of absence there is nothing noteworthy about the instrumental work on this album and that is a terrible shame.On the positive side the songs are n't horrible and there are a few that are pretty good . Overall , Blue and Gray is n't offensive to the ears , it just is n't anywhere near the high quality that this Poco lineup was capable of and so often delivered . Blue and Gray was a lot better than a lot of other works that were turning up in the early 80 's , but it does n't come anywhere near the top of the list of Poco albums .
 These recordings are taped from piano rolls - it 's a machine reproducing Rachmaninoff 's performances , not the original records . But still , it was poorly done .
 ok for the money but did n't have his good stuff on it .
 ... the usual `` hits '' are there but , alas , far too many middle of the roads tunes and nothing new for the dedicated following of fans still passing the dutchie .
 This was a very disappointing album . Disc One is a so called `` mix '' of funk/rare songs , but the blends are simplistic at best . Some songs seem more like a fade out than a blend meaning `` beat to beat '' . In addition , these songs had very little commonality between them at all . Not that that is a necessity but a mixing Striplin 's `` Ca n't Turn Me Away '' into Ripperton 's `` Lovin You '' just does n't make any sense . Maybe I totally missed the concept he was trying to convey . Maybe I should read the liner notes , but I do n't think that will change my perspective . I bought this for the mixed version with the hopes that there was some creativity or thematic approach taken . Because I and most music -LRB- funk/R & B -RRB- aficionados already have most of these songs anyway , Disc Two is useless to me . I 'll only keep this because I do n't have the Striplin cut . But once that album becomes available , Blueprint becomes a frisbee headed to my friend in Alabama . Keep funkin !
 I wish i had read the back of the album closer before buying it -- i thought it was a dj mix , after hearing gerald 's name mentioned on a local radio station -- its just recycled soul classics with one or two interesting tracks thrown in -- make sure youre a true fan of the genre before buying -LRB- i wonder why Virgin megastore had it on display in the electronica section ???? -RRB- Oh well , time to sell ...
 Let me begin by saying that I am an avid Gerald fan , and his last album , Essence , is in constant rotation in my cd player . This cd however , is NOTHING like Essence , it is n't even DnB/Jungle/Electronica and should not be classified as such . Upon reading the track listing in my local Virgin Megastore , I saw names like Marvin Gaye and James Brown and I thought that he had remixed some of their songs to a jungle beat . This is not the case . It is old school funk , plain and simple . It sounds more like a compilation you would see on late night TV like `` NOW ! Music Vol 6 '' or something.Conclusion
 I heard the song beautiful on the radio and loved it ... then I bought the cd . somehow , I dont think that their other songs live up to the reputation `` beautiful '' has gotten . I 'm not saying that its all bad ... but if your buying the cd just because of just the song `` beautiful '' you might want to listen to some of their other songs first ...
 After hearing `` Beautiful '' on the radio and really loving it , I decided to buy the entire cd thinking , `` Hey , if I like at least one song on the cd this much , I know I 'll find something else I like . `` Hmmm ... I was wrong . A large majority of the songs sound pretty much the same -LRB- NOT like `` Beautiful '' either -RRB- . Like I said , I bought it with a completely open mind , and this cd fell flat , very flat . And it was n't just the music I did n't like , the lyrics were equally as bad . I found myself sitting in the car suffering through most of the songs , and finally had to turn it off completely so I could enjoy the drive.Don ' t waste your money . Borrow this one from a friend before you invest the $ 12 .
 This is being written by one of the most hard-core devoted Limp Bizkit fans on the planet so you know it must be bad !! Anyone that 's ever seen a Limp show knows the energy in the arena or event , it 's hard to capture that on a DVD I guess . I can certainly understand and see past that , what I ca n't understand is how the audio could be SO bad ? Fred will sing and you see his lips move to the words but you do n't actually hear the words for a good 2-3 seconds !!! It is very annoying to the point that I could n't finish watching it.I 'm keeping my fingers crossed for the old style Limp Bizkit -LRB- without Wes , who cares -RRB- to come back and give us a new album and maybe a good concert DVD ... We are waiting FRED !!!
 Thankfully the sales figures show that this album has well and truly tanked . When I heard Paulatics for the first time I could n't believe how bad it was . It was a cacophony of high-pitched , breathy whining , veering all over the place in the worst melody I 've ever heard . Corey should stop writing his own stuff too cause his lyrics are terrible . The rhymes are excruciating enough to make any English teacher want to shoot him . From all the five star reviews he 's gotten I can only conclude that all 20 of his fans have joined Amazon under 10 different e-mail addresses so they can leave more ridiculously inflated praise for him .
 He is a liar and a horrible singer . He was n't good on American Idol . If he thought he could improve CD sales by telling lies about Paula , he 'd better think twice . LIAR !
 I knew this dude was a no talent but I downloaded this cd anyway for free -LRB- Thank God -RRB- and gave it listen . All the songs sounds the same and his Lyrics are terrible . The songs wiggle and shake and Paulatics are just plain horrible . He should have worked harder on his voice and lyrics instead of getting cheap publicity . If he was really talented he would let his music do all the talking .
 A poor CD . Despite the controversy -LRB- although it was hard to ignore for awhile -RRB- , Corey Clark still managed to put out an awful CD with lame songs . My ears started to hurt halfway through . Attempt failed .
 Ok do n't get my wrong Corey Clark is talented and can sing well but as mentioned above several of his tracks are overproduced and he sounds like a girl in some of them . Many of them are forgetable and some of them are incredibly inappropriate ! I would recommend Justin Guarini 's CD to anyone before I 'd let them listen to Corey 's . Do n't get me wrong though Corey Clark has some talent it is just not shown on this album .
 I receive promos of new CDs , which is the only way I would ever have gotten this one . I would never have bought it . Giving it a listen at least four times I have to say that there is absolutely nothing distinctive or innovative about this effort . All the uptempo tunes have the exact same beat and Clark 's voice is all but drowned out by the overblown production . The melodies sound exactly alike as well . The same goes for the moderate tempo tunes and the ballads . The worst part about this CD is that I can not understand a thing that Clark is singing because of the production . The CD focuses so much on beat and rhythm that one is unable to understand the words . -LRB- Listen to the samples of you do n't believe me !!! This is the God honest truth !! -RRB- Even on the slow ballad `` Bed of Roses '' , Clark is so dull and vapid that he sounds like he 's almost asleep ... he is slurring his words so bad . This may not be his fault ... it is the fault of the producers . More background voices and more beat and rhythm is NOT better if they drown out the artist which is happening here . This is just noise and for the dance crowd who are high on drugs or drunk , this will appeal just fine !! Because it does n't make any difference what sounds you 're listening to when you 're in a state of intoxication by drugs or alcohol . But for those looking for distinctive music with intelligent production , I suggest you look elsewhere . You wo n't find it here . This is not a hate review , just an honest one .
 I should have known better than to waste my time on a cd by an Idol castoff/felon . Perhaps if he spent more time on the music and less time seeking cheap publicity it would have been a better effort . As a musician , it makes me cringe . The lyrics are trite , the dance tracks are overdone , his upper register on ballads is apalling.When i saw that he was trying to build a singing career by slagging off Paula Abdul and American Idol , rather than on the strength of his musical ability , I had a feeling that this effort would be useless . I was right ... His 15 minutes of fame are over ... time to slither back under the rock
 I 'm not surprised he could n't make it and had to use a scandal to sell anything.I doubt the American Idol people were `` on his back '' trying to ruin his career these past two years.He just thinks too highly of his talent and of course it must have been someone 's fault that he was n't making it . This kid has serious self delusion issues about his `` talent '' and conspiracy theories.the songs are boring . His voice is rather weak and grating at times.In the same kinda genre , Justim Timberlake 's voice is much more pleasant to the ears.Corey does sound somewhat better than he sounded on the show though because of the studio work . He 's on pitch at least . But his voice and the songs are lackluster and they sound like bad covers of songs we 've already heard .
 Keep the phony 5 star reviews coming folks . If this CD is so great , why has it failed to chart in ANY of the charts ??? Check the radio playlists ... is it on there ? No ! If it is true that Paula Abdul seduced Corey ... hello ??? No one is seduced unless they are allowed to be seduced . And it does take two to tango . Corey Clark is no saint and certainly no idol . He 's a well-known troublemaker who will take any advantage to try to get to the top . And if these 5 star reviews are legitimate , then why has the CD been lambasted by critics and public alike . Why is it , as one of the previous reviews have indicated that it is on sale used for # 2.95 ??? It has n't even been in release for a month yet and its already in the bargain bins ! Not everyone is buying into the mechanics of this fortune hunter who obviously has no respect for himself or others . Both he and Paula Abdul deserve each other for flaunting their warped morals on a society already replete with them . This CD would have more credibility if it were in the bounds of good taste , which it is not . How serious can anyone take Clark seriously with songs like `` Paulatics '' ? I 'd have more respect for him if he had left this `` trashy '' number off of the CD . But no , he had to get his digs in . There was a reason he was kicked off of AI . The charges may have been dropped , sure , but the stigma is there and Corey himself knows the truth . That 's why his CD has gone nowhere . And to expose your children to the sex filled atrocities in the lyrics of some of these songs ??? No wonder America is in such dire straits . And a future grammy winner ? Well , people in a place where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth want ice water but that does n't mean they 're going to get it .
 I ca n't believe this guy ! I listened to this travesty at the Music Store where I work . It is truly horrible . He sounds like a cross between Michael Jackson and Dolly Parton . It makes you wonder how these kids are getting these record deals . God only knows . What I can tell you is this
 I ca n't understand the raves for this `` shallow '' offering from someone who obviously ca n't sing . -LRB- The studio works wonders witih bad singers but it could n't help him -RRB- . His `` girlish '' `` whirlish '' tone is aggravating and he badly misses the notes ... listen to `` Cherry on Top '' . And no , I did n't spend my money on buying this piece of garbage . I heard it playing at `` Media Play '' and asked a friend of mine who works there who it was singing so horribly ... I thought it was the Chipmunks grown up at first ... Seriously though , my friend took me to the back of the store and I listened to the CD and could not believe the `` trashy '' sounds coming out of this guy 's mouth . Anyone with a shred of integrity within them should be ashamed to release something like this . He ought to sue the producers and if he wrote the songs himself ... well , I just hope he has n't quit his day job . This guy is a total loser and you will be wasting your money buying this product . Zero , zero , zero stars all the way ... Now I 'm going to get some excedrin to help the migraine I 've got just by listening to this . Why oh why did I do it ???
 This guy is a complete joke . Do n't buy into the hype of that snoozefest American Idol . Support real talent .
 I was going to give Corey the benefit of the doubt after the whole American Idol thing . But after listening , I found it to be another teeny bobber kind of CD with nothing that really moves you at all.He should have done himself a favor and left his feelings about Paula out of the CD , it makes him look like a wuss .
 I 've heard better music from a dog howling at the moon ! Whatever possessed me to buy this piece of junk ?? Obviously I believed the `` rave '' reviews here -LRB- most of which are probably phony -RRB- and should have believed the 1 star reviews , which I agree is being too kind for this music . I am not surprised to hear that this guy 's release has sunk quicker to the bottom than any other American Idol 's previous releases . He 's even doing worse than Justin Guarini which is really low and we all know how he tanked out !! Save your money and do n't make the same mistake I did . Listen to the CD first if you can ... then you 'll realize what I 'm talking about . Especially the song `` Feenin '' ... oh gosh ... Barf !!
 As a fan of the Amercian Idol who favor in R&B , I had some hopes for Clark 's CD , sadly my hopes were destroyed with this CD . Clark 's voice is falestto which should have worked wonders on his cover of Debarge 's All This Love , surpsinsgly it sounds horrible . The only song worth anything is his duet with Sarah Stokes -LRB- Makin The Band -RRB- . One would think that if a CD has high profile superstar featured guest spots from the Black Eyed Peas , NE-Yo and Scott Storch it could be reedmed , sadly it is n't .
 Okay ... look at the cover ... it should tell you one thing ... take your time ... as obvious as can be . Corey , you do not have to turn your back on American Idol , we have turned our back on you . Do not waste your money on this piece of trash . It would be better to light a match to your money . Weak attempt at fame and Corey 's 15 minutes ran out years ago . Did he ever really have 15 minutes ?
 maybe im just saying this because I LOVE paula abdul , but this album SUCKED OUT LOUD . And I do NOT think that this guy can sing a notw . It sucked .
 Corey Clark 's CD is a complete waste of time and money . The fact that he had to resort to making up lies and ruining peoples ' reputations shows the kind of person he is and what lengths he 'll go to for fame and money . Not to mention the fact that he can not sing and hurts my eyes . Better luck next time , kid .
 I had to force myself to listen to this dreadful piece of nonsense . It is one of the worst CD 's i have heard all year , almost every track feels like a copy of something that Justin Timberlake and his like would come up with , but anyone else attempting it would achieve better results . That ` Paulatics ' song is particularly ghastly , and the lyrics to it are appalling . It is quite clear that this man has no talent seeing as he has had to resort to slander in order to generate publicity for himself . I would highly recommend that you do not purchase this CD , your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 What person in their right mind would buy into this type of exploitation , done by a felon and well known-liar ?? I listened to this horrible collection at a used CD place because I wanted to see if there was anything at least palatable about his product ? With songs like `` Feenie '' ... what the heck is this all about you wonder ??? Please do n't waste your time . The extremely distateful `` Paulatics '' is an example of this guy desperately needing some lessons in the `` depth perception '' department because he ca n't see the forest for the trees and is proof positive he is only using this as a step toward his 15 minutes of fame . The CD cover itself should tell you that he is no better than the `` pimps '' down on lower `` Broad '' . And if that does n't convince you , check the Billboard charts and the rest of the music charts where this CD is sinking faster than you can say `` Paulatics '' . And all the phony five star reviews received here can not change that fact !!
 Corey Clark can NOT SING , . . well ... he can run his mouth good but that is not music . This has to be one of the worst cd 's I have heard in a long time .
 Wow , do you really want to waist your money on this liar ? Yeah , Corey Clark deserves to fall off the face of the Earth . `` Fallen Idol '' , hmmmm right ok , PAULA ABDUL IS FABULOUS AND COREY CLARK CAN GO DIE
 If you wan na make it all about the music and ignore the person behind it , feel free . A lot of people ca n't do that . Corey was the one who brought up all the stuff about Paula , who put `` Paulatics '' on the album and wo n't freakin shut up about her . He could have tried to sell the album on talent alone , but he did n't have the guts . Instead he went around telling people he banged Paula Abdul , smearing it everywhere in graphic detail , revelling in telling every dirty little detail to anyone who 'd listen . Paula was n't ever the world 's greatest singer , but she got her eight Number One singles all on her own merits . Corey will never be able to say the same . He 's not an artist I could ever respect or admire . Helping him get rich by buying his album is n't something I have the slightest inclination to do .
 What an awful CD . The songs are terrible . Are his 15 minutes up yet ?
 A co-worker had come and was talking to me about American Idol , and the issue with Corey Clark and Paula Abdul . Curious , I looked up the album and decided to listen to the songs . My co-worker and I both just sat and stared at the computer wondering how anyone could give it 3,4 , or 5 stars unless you are a Michael Jackson fan and have been waiting for his new album . Corey 's pitch is too high and annoying . Thankfully I did not purchase this album , I only wish that I had not listened to begin with .
 If you could , that 's what I would rate this . It 's almost as bad as Kevin Federline 's music , which I do n't think you can call music either .
 He reminds me of a bufflao wing that Ruben Studdard ate the meat off of and threw in the garbage .
 Honestly , I bought this CD mostly because of the amount of airtime he 's received on TV recently . I do n't really care about the Abdul thing , whether it 's true or not , it 's impossible to really tell . But , I bought this just to see if Corey actually has the talent to back up his TV coverage . He does n't . This album is horrible , and every song feels like it 's either ripping off another song entirely or it 's meant for filler . For someone to take that long to release an album filled with garbage ... it 's very interesting.Basically , after listening to Corey 's debut , I can say that whether he slept with Abdul or not , he 's talentless and it does n't really matter . Paula was crazy if she actually thought he was good . I 'd say skip this album and go back to listening to your other stuff , because Corey most likely ripped it off already . Only one question really remains
 Keep the phony 5 star reviews coming folks . If this CD is so great , why has it failed to chart in ANY of the charts ??? Check the radio playlists ... is it on there ? No ! If it is true that Paula Abdul seduced Corey ... hello ??? No one is seduced unless they are allowed to be seduced . And it does take two to tango . Corey Clark is no saint and certainly no idol . He 's a well-known troublemaker who will take any advantage to try to get to the top . And if these 5 star reviews are legitimate , then why has the CD been lambasted by critics and public alike . Why is it , as one of the previous reviews have indicated that it is on sale used for # 2.95 ??? It has n't even been in release for a month yet and its already in the bargain bins ! Not everyone is buying into the mechanics of this fortune hunter who obviously has no respect for himself or others . Both he and Paula Abdul deserve each other for flaunting their warped morals on a society already replete with them . This CD would have more credibility if it were in the bounds of good taste , which it is not . How serious can anyone take Clark seriously with songs like `` Paulatics '' ? I 'd have more respect for him if he had left this `` trashy '' number off of the CD . But no , he had to get his digs in . There was a reason he was kicked off of AI . The charges may have been dropped , sure , but the stigma is there and Corey himself knows the truth . That 's why his CD has gone nowhere . And to expose your children to the sex filled atrocities in the lyrics of some of these songs ??? No wonder America is in such dire straits . And a future grammy winner ? Well , people in a place where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth want ice water but that does n't mean they 're going to get it .
 This CD is not worth your time or money . The lyrics to the songs are lame and corey sounds like a teenage boy before puberty hits . Most of the titles to the songs are a joke also . Many of the tracks tend to be overproduced and make Corey sound like a girl . CD is not worth your time or money . Corey is just another person trying to ride on the coat tails of someone elses sucess by making false accusations !
 Mr. Clark 's voice is whiny , pitchy going sharp and flat on most of the songs . Who gave this guy a record deal ??? What were they thinking ?? No way did I buy this . I just listened to it out of curiosity at the Blockbuster store which allows you to listen to the CDs before you purchase them to see if you like them . The production is terrible and the vocals ... well ... I 've heard hyenas who sound better than Clark does . I think he 's just trying to cash in using any exploitative means possible and yes I am talking about the Paula Abdul scandal . The song `` Paulatics '' is in very poor taste which also goes for the rest of the CD . I feel very , very , sorry for people who are being taken in by this no talent scam artist .
 I thought this cd was lifeless and boring . His voice was flat through most of the songs on this CD . The worst CD I 've heard in a while . Paula forever !
 No one can deny that Clark had a good voice on American Idol . He still has a good voice , with its flaws , which show on this album . That is the positive aspect of of his self titled album COREY CLARK.COREY CLARK is an uninspired album anyway that you look at it . The first flaw that you notice from the very first track is that it way overproduced . The production is too slick and it just grates on you . Everything is synth based , which is alright if you work synth-based production the right way , but in this case , you would hope that an acoustic track might appear . True , it is a dance/teen pop album , but it is tiring because the synths are too `` draining '' . The next flaw is the fact that Clark does drabble in many influences . Normally that is a positive thing , but in this case , it does n't always work or sound unified . On `` Paulatics '' , Clark sounds like Michael Jackson singing on an N'Sync or Backstreet Boys song . There 's nothing wrong with sounding like Michael , but teen pop is already in a dying breed and an album like COREY CLARK sets it back further because it is n't anything that has n't already been done or already heard . It is so undistinguished that it could never stand out among much better modern dance-pop/teen acts -LRB- Ciara , Jo Jo , etc. . . -RRB- . Against Michael Jackson or any of the boy bands for the most part it does n't stand a chance . Furthermore , against his main competition Justin Timberlake , Usher , even Mario , Omarion , Marques Houston , etc. . . it does n't even compare.As I stated earlier , Corey Clark has a good voice , yet it has flaws . It grows annoying in general over the overabundance of dance-pop , synth-based tunes . His upper register -LRB- as noted on American Idol -RRB- grows sometimes a bit overdramatic and over powered , sometimes where it sounds like he overshoots or screams . As a musician myself , you have to learn not to `` power '' everything and not to overdo singing , which is incredibly easy to do.The most listenable tunes are `` Out of Control '' and `` Paulatics '' . Otherwise , Clark drabbles too much in uninspired teen pop tunes that just have no substance and prove too repetitive and too based upon the production rather than the vocalist . This is by far one of the worst `` American Idol '' albums released . If it sells well , I will be shocked . If you are the least bit interested , I suggest downloading the two above mentioned songs rather than buy the full album itself . 1 star .
 If the ratings would go down to zero that is what this CD should have gotten . The people that liked this CD must have a build up of ear wax in their ears . This is without a doubt the worst colection of songs I have ever heard on one CD .
 ok , first of all , i have no clue who this guy is , and i watched american idol . Second , umm , is it a boy or a girl singing ? because i sure as hell cant tell ... when i was listening to the samples -LRB- the only reason i heard about this guy was like a minute ago i was reading someone elses reviews and one came up about this guy , but anyways -RRB- as i was saying . . i was listening to the samples and i thought that the back-up singers were singing or something . . i asked myself ... `` when is this guy going to come on ? '' and it sounded like that on every song . . and i cant believe scott storch produced one of these ... he is probably the hottest producer out right now and he did crap like this ? wow i cant even believe there are 5 star reviews for this SH*T !! oh yeah . . and to the idiots that call the people that give this one star `` haters '' . . there must be a jackhammer in the background or outside your house when your listening to this because ... it sucks big time . . and you cant hear it because the jackhammer sounds better ... and thats probably what your listening to ... so stop working for the government you weak pieces of garbage . . take your money and leave corey dont come back ... oh wait ... what money ... he didnt make any money off this album . . it flopped !! i give it a big fat F -
 Most of the five star reviews here are obviously the phony ones , written either by members of Clark himself , his family , or the people he has paid to write them . Poor things , they ca n't see the forest for the trees . But the obvious fact is , why is his CD being sold at used places like Amazon for $ 1.59 as many reviewers have noted here . That is what speaks volumes . There is no way a CD which has been out for two months could possibly be being sold at used sellers at such a price unless they 're trying to get rid of them quickly . People need to wake up and face the fact that this CD is really quite terrible and all the five star reviews in the world will never hide that fact . Also , bashing other reviewers by name as I 've seen some of these people do will do no good either . The proof is there for all to see . Now , I 'll wait for the bashers to come after me so they can prove my point accurately .
 This CD has flopped big-time . It has nothing to do with hate . It is just pure fact . Look at the amount of used CDs here on Amazon on sale for $ 1.58 !! What artist with a new release has used CDs going for a dollar ??? That ought to confirm that this CD has been a total disaster !! I hope this teaches Clark a lesson ... do n't step on people on your way up because they 're the same ones you 'll meet on your way down .
 Look , Corey Clark is an attractive guy , alright ? But he 's not that attractive that I 'd go out and buy his album . I actually forgot that he had an album come out this summer . The other day I was listening to Paula Abdul 's `` Forever Your Girl '' CD and I was like , `` Oh , yeah ! Corey Clark ! '' Let me tell you something
 This is a complete fiasco . Its not even music , just noise . I 've heard better sounds coming from my garbage disposal . No wonder it flopped !
 I had high expectations for this CD which only proves that one should not hold high expectations in the music world today because of the let down that follows . With songs by the titles of `` Feenin '' -LRB- whatever the heck that is ... -RRB- its no wonder this CD is being sold at used marketplaces for $ 1.00 . I agree , the bottom line is the music . And in this case , it is overall bland with no distinctive quality either vocally or production-wise . If you want to buy it the only place I 've seen it available is here on Amazon and the used sellers for $ 1.59 . Not bad for a CD that was just released .
 This CD is very lame . If its so good , why was he dropped from his record label ? Why has the CD sunk lower than Justin Guarini 's ? I thought Guarini was bad but this guy is in for some big disappointments . And not because of the `` Paula '' thing . Who cares about that nonsense ??? The matter of fact is the music . Is it good or not ? These lyrics are banal and trite and the melodies and production values are downright overproduced and mawkish . Add to this an unimpressive voice with a CD cover that reminds one of ... oh , never mind ... forget Corey Clark .
 Having watched AI for the first two seasons -LRB- I never watched 3 or 4 -RRB- , I remember this known felon and why he was released from the show . Now he comes back hoping to cash in on the `` Paula '' scandal with a CD ???? And people are buying into this ??? On the merits of that alone I would not support him in any way . On the merits of the music ... hah !! This is not music but noise !! He 's a Michael Jackson reject and the song `` Paulatics '' I agree is in very , very poor taste !! This alone should be enough to make people think twice about giving this guy the time of day . This is serious business and the people who think this guy has any kind of future in the music business are probably just friends and family or sex starved women who do n't care about the music , just his looks , which are not impressive to me . Neither is this mishmash of hokey songs done with bad taste and improper motivation .
 I heard parts of this album and it 's nothing special - pretty mundane and uninteresting all the way through , certainly not something I 'd pay for . The most hilarious thing associated with Corey Clark 's album are the dozens of five star ratings here on Amazon , all sounding amazingly similar , even using the same vocabulary over and over again . Also , click on the `` see my other reviews '' links for all these fake reviews and you 'll notice this is the only album they 've ever reviewed . Very very lame . It tells you something about the album , the fact that Corey Clark has to get everyone he knows to post fake reviews . It ca n't stand on it 's own - it basically sucks , but all the fake reviews are hilarious , you 've got to read every one that gives it a five star rating . Sounds like the same person wrote all of them . Corey Clark is `` so refreshing '' and `` hits every note '' and the `` harmonies are AMAZING ! '' and he 's the `` second coming of Michael Jackson !!! '' Hilarious stuff .
 Okay . Nevermind the ongoing debate over whether you like Corey Clark as a person or not . I am a fan of the show and therefore buy all the CD 's that the contestants release . I like some of them , I dislike some of them and so it goes.I bought this album with an open mind . I actually wanted to like it . I have to agree with the people that say that the songs sound largely the same . He has a great voice , however , the music is not that great . The majority of the tracks have the same beat with different words . I was very disappointed.That said . . I will buy any follow up CD that Corey puts out and hope I like it better . Whomever produces the CD should taylor songs to Corey 's strengths and vocal style . They just fell short this time .
 So where are all these radio stations that are supposedly playing this piece of junk ? They ought to get one of Paula Abdul 's old CDs and play them both back to back and let both of them wade in the mire they 've produced . The truth is Corey Clark is an opportunist as another reviewer said and he and Paula Abdul deserve each other . You 'll like this CD if you like `` Munchkin sounds '' . Still , you 'd be better off buying the `` Wizard of Oz '' soundtrack !! Or `` Alvin and the Chipmunks '' greatest hits ! But Clark does do a great imitation of them both ! He 's very talented !!
 I am disappointed in Corey Clark 's new CD . Corey Clark is a very talented artist . This CD does not do his voice justice . When he performed on the American Idol Show I thought his voice was amazing . His choice of songs on the show were great . His voice does not come through very well on this CD . I hope that he will continue to make music and sing songs that will show off his voice . The CD itself was done very nice .
 Corey Clark inexplicably , but unfortunately has been given a record deal . Since then , his CD has bombed quickly and he has been dropped by the label that signed him . What were they thinking ???? This CD is unquestionably the flop of the year . The songs are absolutely horrible . What can you expect when you have titles like `` Feenin '' ... -LRB- I still ca n't understand what this is about -RRB- and `` Paulatics '' -LRB- a low class number , but then what can you expect from Clark ?? -RRB- The rest of the CD is n't much better . Its pop drivel as are most of the AI CDs . This show has made a mockery of music and has dashed the dreams of hundreds of wannabes . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 corey clark can not sing . all the cheap publicity did not help him . he just simply can not sing . his songs are laughfable and his cd is just a big fat joke . if you seek publicity at least have something to back it up . his 15 minutes of fame has lonf been over and his cd tanked miserably . who did he paid to give him 5 stars reviews ? please let be honest i would not recommed it to anybody .
 `` Yes I Can '' and I will give this CD only one star . `` Truthfully '' , there are `` So Many Questions '' I keep asking myself with each listen . Why was I `` Out of Control '' when I bought this sham ? Was I just looking for a `` Chance to Dance '' and `` Wiggle and Shake '' like Clark 's annoying vibrato ?? I would n't put a `` Cherry on Top '' of this effort because it gives me a `` Feenin '' of lying on a `` Bed of Roses '' full of thorns ! Clark is obviously playing the music `` Paulatics '' game and will probably `` Follow that Back '' with `` All This Love '' his -LSB- ... -RSB- ego can muster while all the time trading in on his exploitation of his alleged affair with Paula Abdul saying , `` That 's My Girl '' . All I keep saying to myself is `` Look What You 've Done '' since purchasing this wonderment of mediocrity . Its time to put the `` Lights Out '' on this CD !
 Someone gave me this album , I would not have bought it , but listened to it . It is simply horrible . I support Corey in his effort to clear the air with AI so that does not play in it - I agree with him totally on that - but this is a terrible album - why not just throw your money out the window ? That is basically what you are doing because you wo n't be hearing it more than twice because it is unlistenable - awful . I am going to use the CD case as an ashtray because I hate not to get some value out of it .
 abnother american idol reject who had his 15 minutes of fame and is now a hasbeen .
 Dude decided to air dirty laundry , bring down a established 80 's pop star who judges the number one show in America . Dummy !
 Folks , this young man is another example of `` exploitation '' in the music business . This CD is a prime example of this . Please do not buy into this kind of titillation in the music business ; I for one will not endorse Corey Clark in any of his undertakings . He is a bad example for young people today and the lyrics on this CD more than confirm that fact . Who ever thought to give him a record deal anyhow ? If you want wholesome , decent , music , look elsewhere . You will not find it on this CD . Do n't buy into this propoganda of exploitation and evil !
 I never liked him on AI , thought he sang off key , and looked like side show bob . Then he has the nerve to try to ruin Paula & / or American Idol , to promote himself . What a looser . Would n't buy his cd - even if it was good !!!
 First of all , what kind of man would come out after two years to `` media hype '' and exploit himself as nothing more than someone who would achieve no end to get what he wants ?? I remember seeing him on AI riding a bucking bronco partying at all the LA night spots instead of being committed to rehearsing and putting on a good performance the way Ruben Studdard , Clay Aiken , Kimberly Locke and Carmen Rasmussen did . Second of all , why did he wait two years to come out with `` rubbish allegations '' against prima donna `` Paula Abdul '' . All that aside now , this CD is a prime example of the moral decline in America . Supporters of Corey Clark obviously enjoy `` exploitation '' and suggestive `` lyrics '' and uninspired melodies brought about by someone who has compromised himself and his integrity as the means to gain his ends . None of the songs on this CD merit a second listen . Once was enough for me . And do n't worry , I did n't buy it . I saw it at a used record emporium where more of his CDs will soon be . This CD is a pure stinkeroo and Corey Clark is an excellent example of what is wrong with young people in america today . No morals .
 Corey Clark is only an object of titillation for the masses who like people like him ... -LRB- judging that the CD has bombed and that no radio stations are playing the single and that he has been dropped from the label -RRB- . I am a disc jockey who will not play his music , not because of anything personal , but because if its not on the playlists , NO RADIO station is going to play the music ! As I say , only the teeny boppers find this guy attractive ... and the music ... well , quite simply ... its horrible . Get over the fact that your wonder boy has fizzled out and his fifteen minutes of fame are over . It has nothing to do with hate ... it has to do with talent -LRB- or the lack thereof -RRB- !
 I would just like to clear up something right away
 Every song on this CD seems to sound the same . It 's like 15 tracks of the exact same song writing formula . There 's a few songs that I liked , but nothing I plan to run back to anytime soon . Corey has such a great ability with his voice - to sing in a wide range , which makes me wonder why the heck he sounds like a woman on every song . He always had that great high register , yes , but he was n't ONLY the high register on American Idol . This CD is very boring .
 This disc was simply a waste of my time ... very mediocre songs , heavy emphasis on sex instead of talent ... Corey 's voice is below average ... I get the feeling that Corey Clark is IMITATING a good singer with a VIABLE career , and not doing it very well ... clearly ` fake it till you make it ' is n't working here . The songs all sound the same , I kept waiting for something to get me grooving , but it just did n't happen.I think his ego is much larger than his actual musical potential ... he either needs voice lessons , a little humility , and some professional grooming -LRB- and I do n't mean clothing -RRB- .
 Some here have complained about his voice being drowned out by the production . . That 's a good thing because I left my cd that was given to me playing and came back to find my cat having convulsions on the floor !! Plugging my ears , I made my way to the basement to shut off the breakers because I could n't even go close to the speakers . Had his voice been louder who knows what could have happened . Corey sounds like a 14 year old girl on male hormones drowned out by noise . The music production sounded like they hired a bunch of wannabe producers instead of professionals . Notes out of place , beats out of time . Unbelievable ! This is one of the worst singing/music productions I 've heard in a long time . I did find the CD saved me a trip outside to knock down this large weed . My window was opened and it sailed like a frisbee and cut the sucker right down . Well , actually the stalk bent . I just left it there ... This was meant to be a quick buck . Save your money for something better !
 I have had fun reading the reviews here . Especially the ones written by Clark admirers who have no sense of literary style , use poor grammar and can not spell . These poor souls are being taken in and used by a user . They never mention the run ins with the law that Clark has had and will attest to `` their phenomenon '' in the most glorifying , saintly ways . Why not canonize the man ? That would draw more attention that this CD is getting . In their delusion they believe we have an artistic work of art worth keeping here . But this apparently is not the case because , justifiably so , the project has fallen lower than an ankle bracelet on a flat-footed pygmy .
 If you like suggestive lyrics with no substance , overproduced vocals and unimaginative instrumentation , this is the CD for you ! This CD has already tanked ... and its because most people have not been fooled by this music wannabe who needs to give it up and realize that no one gets a free ride in this life . Is this the kind of person you want as a role model for young people today ? If this CD is any indication , we are in big , big trouble . The CD cover alone should warn you . If not , listen to the music ... the lust filled dance tunes and the ballads with no depth or substance to them , just like the guy who is singing them . I went to a party last night -LRB- which I wish I had n't -RRB- and had the misfortune to listen to this hodge podge of `` screeching '' and `` bellowing '' bought by an over zealous female fan of Clark 's who did everything but a striptease act to his music . I left because I got sick to my stomach at the fact that the music world has gained nothing by allowing Mr. Clark a record deal strictly on the basis of his self-promoted immorality , which is obviously rubbing off on others . No matter how many reviews I read here about how impressed and how wonderful this CD is , I am proud to be ONE person who has not been taken in or beguiled by the likes of someone like Corey Clark !
 $ 2.95 for Corey 's CD ... used ... here on Amazon ? No wonder , given the likes of the mediocrity displayed therein . The reviewer below failed to mention the ruckus Corey recently caused at a restaraunt . And if his CD has failed to chart , its because # 1 -RRB- His motives are apparent and indeed He is an opportunist , # 2 -RRB- He is not being promoted because of his reputation and because the CD is poor quality with stupid songs that only appeal to the lust-filled , oversexed crowd ! Corey 's 15 minutes of fame are over !! Accept it and move on !!
 Opportunist should have been the title of this ridiculous attempt at `` music '' . The fact that the CD has failed to chart on any chart is vindication enough . If you do n't believe me , just do a `` Corey Clark CD Sales '' search and you 'll find many articles stating that this CD has bombed `` faster than you can say opportunist '' . And that is a direct quote ! For some crazy reason , a girl I work with bought this CD -LRB- I do n't know where she got it because I sure have n't seen it in any of the stores -RRB- and was playing it in the office . I gave it a listen and I realized and agree with the reviewer who posted below that these reviews are fake ... probably written by members of Corey 's own family . How serious can one get on this CD with titles like `` Feenin '' , `` Paulatics '' or `` With a Cherry on Top '' . The thing that bothers me is that this world is going to hell in a hand basket with people like Corey Clark being role models . FOr heavens sake , just last month he had another felony added to his ever amounting lists of felonies for creating a disturbance at a restaraunt ! Yet this is the same guy all these `` rave reviews '' are being given to ! I do n't understand it . If you think this CD is so great , why has it failed to chart ? The reviews here represent a small scintilla of the population . THe majority of the population has Corey Clark 's number and are not being fooled .
 God , another European power / melodic metal band !!! THis one had a good start , possessing Kai Hansen along their ranks . So I went for it !! What a deception !!! It 's so repetitive , boring , dumb . If you like real metal , I can say these guy tried to do it , but failed miserably !!
 It 's without doubt a good work . This debut-cd is made by true musicians such as the great Kai Hansen , the power-drummer Thomen from Blind Guardian , the excellent Grave Digger 's Piet Sielck , but , if you listen to it again and again you understand the total lack of originality . There are beautiful songs like `` Atlantis Falling '' , `` Brave New World '' , `` Iron Savior '' and the immortal `` Watcher in the Sky '' , included in the cult-cd by Gamma Ray `` Somewhere out in Space '' , but during the listening session you get a deja-vu feeling which spoils everything ... in substance this is not a must-have , it 's something that you can buy if you want to increase your collection , if power metal is your life , if you want a work made by three stars of metal ... an advice ? If you love power metal look at Gamma Ray , Helloween , -LRB- the Helloween of the Keepers , of course -RRB- , Eldritch , Labyrinth , Stratovarius , Manowar if you are interested to something of very powerful , otherwise , if you want at any cost something of Iron Savior buy their new release , `` Unification '' , whose cover of Black Sabbath `` Neon Knights '' is worth the price of the disc.Hail Brothers of True Metal , keep the faith alive !!!
 I 'm a huge fan of Kai Hansen . I also like very much some recent works by German powermetal bands -LRB- `` EXCALIBUR '' by Grave Digger and `` NIGHTFALL ON MIDDLE EARTH '' by BLind Guardian , for example -RRB- . But Kai Hansen appearance in IRON SAVIOR is almos as guest , since Pit Sielck writes all the songs , sings , plays guitar , bass and keyboards !!! The result is an album in which you clearly see the musicians skills , but where every song sounds the same
 It 's amazing to me how the reviews to date on this terrible disk include several fives ! Although there are many selections included , including the Diamonds ' greatest hits , many of the selections are apparently recorded directly from someone 's old records . On modern equipment the fidelity is just awful . If you enjoy this fine 1950 's group , you will be most disappointed .
 The only reason I bought the CD was for Sleepwalk . That 's the only legitimate top 10 hit on the CD -LRB- at least for Santo and Johnny -RRB- . The rest of the songs are ok , but pretty much a repetition of the same sound .
 It was fun to see this album again -- I always liked the cover art . I picked it up for 50 cents at a used store in the 70s and try as I might I could never hear it as anything but a terrible record . Odd style combinations , a little pretentious , terrible sound , out of tune , rhythms off -- I alway thought of the band as a not ready garage band that perhaps made a vanity album . -LRB- I never heard ANYTHING about the band until I read the other reviews . -RRB- Maybe it was hindered by bad production after all . I sold it for $ 3 to a guy back in ~ 1977 . I bear them no ill will.Robin Vogsland
 This Cd is like the Beatles with Tony Sheridan . It 's a VERY early version of a band that would become great.Ratcity in Blue is a better idea of how these guys are , as is Live at Last . I would definately skip this one , unless you want to have all their albums .
 The mixing is horrible , no skills at all . The songs are all pop which have the INC. next to them . Phuck MTV . Come on people , open your ears and listen to music that gives life not depression . - Dj NuYorikan Seoul
 No use in buying , it 'll end up as a coaster !!
 Surely , if one is making a selection of highlights from Macbeth , especially if the recording includes the controversial Sylvia Sass , it goes without saying that the sleepwalking scene should be included . Yet this recording omits it ! Instead one in treated to nearly half an hour of purely orchestral music -LRB- overture , the dance of the witches , etc etc -RRB- , with minimal exposure to Sass , Cappuccilli and Christoff . The bits that are there , are good , but the interminable filling-in music makes this a very disappointing CD.The other recording of highlights where Sass also sings the part of Lady Macbeth , conducted by Previtali , is a far better buy .
 Um , yes , ahem ... regarding BluesDude 's review of this CD , let me politely say my well considered and experienced opinion is 180 degrees away . While it 's true that the dead , jefferson airplane , etc did not always produce brilliant , four star albums , it 's a crime to suggest that this band was in the same league . I started playing guitar in 1963 , playing for money with rock bands by mid ' 64 , went to the first woodstock and bought tons of albums back then you 've never heard of like Joe Byrd & the Field Hippies , to name one classic . I overlooked this band because of the catchy but lightweight hit ` incense & peppermints ' . After reading BluesDude 's review and some others who suggested i was missing something by not getting deeper into this band , i bought this anthology . what a hunk of junk . i 'd call it psycho-lite . at times the airy vocal harmonies sound like the Mike Curb Generation or the Lettermen for gosh sakes , really sappy ! Comparing them to the Association is the kindest i could get . The only interesting moments are the few cuts where the fuzz guitars and jazzy rhythms and group vocals remind me of THE great unsung 60s band , Spirit . My intention is not to pick a fight with BluesDude or prove i 'm right and that my opinion is the ONLY opinion , but really I find very little here to recommend this CD to fans of 60s psychedelia . Yeah , it has it 's moments , but if you want to hear a band that wrapped jazz , folk , harmonies , rock and weirdness into one package , start with Spirit 's `` The Family that Plays Together , '' then go to their `` Twelve Dreams of Dr Sardonicus '' and back to their first album . ANd if you want to hear the best psychedelic rock jam albumt to come out of Frisco , check out Quicksilver 's `` Happy Trails . '' If you want more psychedlia that 's better than this , go to the J. Airplane 's `` After Bathing at Baxters . '' And if you want more , buy the `` Nuggets '' collection . The Strawberry Alarm Clock 's music and performances lack conviction , teeth and chops and the lyrics are generally abyssmal
 On the surface this disc might appear to be sylvian 's masterpiece . I have read recent reviews that make this claim . Nothing could be further from the truth . Several songs alphabet angel , god man , krishna blue , cafe europa , are just plain duds . The good songs pollen path , dobro # 2 and thalhiem ca n't make up for the blandness that surrounds them . Also , I do n't want to hear sylvian imitate tom waits and sade in the same song -LRB- Midnight Sun -RRB- or miles davis in another -LRB- all my mothers 's names -RRB- . Brilliant trees , Gone to Earth and the Rain Tree Crow Disc are all masterworks from an unusually gifted man . Dead Bee 's is just plain dull . Maybe he has choosen the wrong guitarists . Could fripp have saved this lackluster event ? Maybe it just took too long to make . Better luck next time . But will we have to wait till 2010 ? A huge D.S. Fan
 I must admit that I am a bit disappointed . There are n't really any new musical ideas here and some tracks seemed a bit derivative . I also found such a blatantly commercial use of spirituality unappealing ... Even though it might have been to a lesser extent that , say , a Madonna , it was a turn-off .
 1 1/2 From the languidly limp length of the opening track , one can already sense this too-long release wo n't be quite as midnight-chic as Sylvian was hoping , working from a template dealing primarily in dated trip-hop beats , stale world artistry , esoteric electric noodling , and washed up charisma , at times coming together to offer slick background air at best .
 `` Dead Bees On a Cake '' supuso el esperado retorno en 1999 de un David Sylvian felizmente casado y afincado en Norteam&eacute;rica . Este trabajo constitu&iacute;a su primer proyecto en solitario desde aquel sublime `` Secrets of the Beehive '' -LRB- un disco prodigioso del a & ntilde ; o 1987 -RRB- y muchos de sus fans esper&aacute;bamos este nuevo material ansiosamente pero , por desgracia , el resultado final no pudo ser m&aacute;s decepcionante . `` Dead Bees On a Cake '' es un ambicioso &aacute;lbum que se torna pretencioso y aburrido ya desde el primer corte
 I 'm afraid i must disagree with those ... -LSB- deleted by Amazon.com without poster 's permission -RSB- ... that see much ` gone to earth ' or ` secrets of the beehive ' influence here . It strikes me as much more bluesy , Rain-Tree-Crow-esque , primarily because guitarist Marc Ribot is no Robert Fripp , or even a David Torn or Phil Palmer . Indeed , Ribot almost spoils the work for me , his horrible little yuppie-jazz flourishes on ' I Surrender ' and crude , clich&eacute;d soloing on ` Midnight Sun ' being the most obvious crimes . This is decent music , and decent Sylvian in Rain Tree Crow mode , but anyone looking for Weatherbox-era music will almost certainly be disappointed .
 Many out there will put this down to over-inflated expectations , but , from its oddball , is-this-a-joke-or-what title to its reliance on pop music cliches both lyrical and musical , Dead Bees On A Cake is a disappointment . The album does have its moments , but not enough to make it the essential listen that most of Sylvian 's previous albums have been.In its favor , the Dead Bees On A Cake maintains a mostly warm , intimate feel throughout -LRB- `` I surrender '' , the first single , is the best example of this -RRB- , and there are flashes of past brilliance -LRB- `` Pollen path '' has some of the feel of Sylvian/Fripp 's The First Day album , `` The shining of things '' would be right at home on Secrets Of The Beehive , and the instrumentation of `` Praise '' and `` Darkest dreaming '' recalls Flux & Mutability -RRB- . On the other hand , too many of the songs resort to cliches - `` Midnight sun '' , the ` let me take you down ... ' refrain of `` Cafe Europa '' , and the line ` could n't leave you if I tried ' from `` Thalheim '' are prime examples - that make them somewhat predictable , and `` Wanderlust '' switches gears into an uncomfortably American-sounding progression that recalls some of the worst of late-seventies/early-eighties MOR album rock.Worst of all are the cliches that have befallen many rock stars once they 've found happiness in their personal lives . He 's included his wife in the proceedings -LRB- just like Lennon and McCartney -RRB- , he 's written a boring song for his kid -LRB- just like Lennon , Paul Weller , Eric Clapton , etc. -RRB- , and he 's found Eastern-based religion and a guru and incorporated elements of both in his music -LRB- just like George Harrison -RRB- . This is particularly disappointing , especially since David Sylvian has spent much of his solo career distancing himself from the usual pop/rock cliches - or at least incorporating them only on rare occasions , and only when using them gave the songs greater impact.Finally , the patchwork quality of the album makes it less enjoyable as an overall experience . It 's commendable that not every song sounds the same , but there does not seem to be even a consistent feel that unifies the album as a complete work . Sylvian has admitted that other things distracted his attention away from the music during the recording of this album ; unfortunately , it shows.The final verdict ? Dead Bees On A Cake works quite well if you 're just playing it in the background , at reduced volume , while you 're doing something else - but it does n't inspire the careful , attentive listening and total immersion of his earlier works .
 Personally and speaking only for myself , it 's all very well made , he knows his little tweaks and fiddles by now , and I 'm sure his guest musicians were all on his wavelength . But by gawd , what a crashing bore - there seems to be no sense of emotion here , just lovely little droning ditties to package the new-found emotional centering in . It seems like Sylvian keeps getting more and more interested in making perfect little soundscapes as a means to an end , instead of using the ` scapes as a means for connection to a listener . It is terribly dissapointing from the person who -LRB- helped -RRB- craft -LRB- ed -RRB- pieces like Blackwater , Heartbeat , the whole Beehive album , etc. . He 's turned into the Steely Dan of the Eno set .
 Dull music from one of my favorites . It does n't contain any memorable songs ; they just seep and ooze one into another . I 've played this three times and have given up . Very uninspired . Too bad .
 I was very disappointed with David 's new release . After his last album , which is my favourite album of all time , I have been finding it very difficult listening these last few weeks since release . After hearing I Surrender , I was very excited at the prospect of hearing more as soon as possible . But now that I 've had the opportunity to live with the album now for several weeks , I 'm still not finding it very accessable . I hope to persist .
 I first started listening to the second half -LRB- FOR LITTLE ONES -RRB- in the late sixties and have n't heard it 25 yrs.I am nuts about this section of this double album.Donovan is so descriptive that I can see what he writes of . They conjure up images and make me think . I 've never gotten tired of these songs . they are truly timeless . The words are excellently chosen . I am familiar with the first song of the first section of this double album -LRB- WEAR YOUR LOVE LIKE HEAVEN -RRB- i like it because of the colours he paints and the nice thoughts he evokes . I have not listened to the rest of the first section much cause i ca n't get enough of the 2nd section . I 'm gon na buy one for my bro ' who turned me on to FOR LITTLE ONES in ' 68 . I wore out two albums . Sincerely , Lou .
 This was advertised as a double album . The case states it is a double album . IT IS NOT . There was only a single CD Disc 1 . The ` liner notes ' are abysmal . It is virtually impossible to read them even with a magnifying glass . A REALLY CHEAP , SHODDY , AND DECEPTIVELY ADVERTISED PRODUCT .
 Save your bucks , buckos ... these same bits are on other CD 's of his ... funny once the ear gets the flow of the accents , but who needs two copies of the same bits ... nay me
 I read these reviews and anxiously went out to buy this album and I was disappointed to find that the band is more like supertramp , kansas , styx and journey than gentle giant or gabriel-era genesis . I mean there are some peculiar time signatures like there are in Giant , and an occasional bowed bass or marimba but the rock sections and the vocal sections really are the fm commercial sound that ruined british progressive music in the first place . the lyrics are unmoving , so for example `` Hey people come and board the train , come anaesthsize your frazzled brain '' - not exactly Watcher of the Skies , The Advent of Panurge or In the Court of the Crimson King , or other great 70s progressive rock lyric ... I want to see a better compositional and artistic effort . I will say that there is some musicianship here which is rare these days . If your favorite Giant album is The Missing piece or your favorite Genesis album is And Then There were Three and you really like Supertramp then maybe this is for you .
 I was n't impressed with this album ! All of my friends enjoyed it so I borrowed it form my friend and it was n't at all what they said!I 'm not the rap type anyways !
 This is yet another mixed up jumble of recordings . Something else to make money , It belittles Sinatra , I wonder if any of the Sinatra production team would have sanctioned this . Sorry not for me .
 In 1969 they used to run commercials on the radio for record albums , usually playing a sampling of the cuts . I remember this one was strong enough to make ME want to go get it . The real key was where Concerto For The Clouds kicks in . For whatever reason -LRB- broken master , incompetent transfer -RRB- the meat of the whole album is MIA . The 2 missing moments occur at 1:00:604 and 1:05.967 on Track 4 . It was worth my while to rebuild them from a 38 year old reel tape . If you ai n't got that YOU ARE SCREWED . Also Track 9 has multiple unidentifiable glitches . -LRB- Thet do n't quite LOOK like record pops -RRB- If anybody posts this album I 'll see if they are interested in the approximated commercial soundtrack -LRB- made whole -RRB- . These guys were a defacto house band at the Cellar after The Shadows Of Knight and Saturday 's Children . The Who and Cream also played there and these guys -LRB- in the same league musically -RRB- deserve a better CD .
 This CD has a different track listing to the one mentioned in Amazon therefore it is not the CD requested and not the CD that really wanted .
 The title just says it all , does n't it ? The songs are just ALL THE SAME , cheaply made and recorded , and so obviously only in exsistence for MGAe 's revenue . My proof
 THIS ALBUM STINKS ! ARE U PPL TOO OBSESSED TO REALISE THAT THE DOLLS ARE FICTIONAL CHARACTERS AND CANT SING , THEY ARENT EVEN REAL ! YOU ARENT BUYING THE BRAT ' Z SINGING , BUT SOME FREAK SINGING FOR PLASTIC PPL .
 every time i hear tthem sing i want to take a gun and blow their songs outta my head . nothing more expect theere terrible singers and dress like tramps .
 The songs are -LRB- ... -RRB- bad , and the Bratz dolls are too.BAD SONGS , MEAN -LRB- ... -RRB- They are -LRB- ... -RRB- ugly like the boys . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This movie exists only to sell a lot of toys . How do I know ? The movie is not even out yet and there 's a mtherload of toys . I , for one , think bratz movies are bad because they have no apperant moral , and are just commercials for dolls.P.S . I heard on a pamphlet that shows movie content it said this movie contains MILD SEX/NUDITY !!!
 I bought this CD for Con Te Partiro by Brightman & Andrea Bocelli . Mostly Bocelli . There are only four -LRB- 4 -RRB- tracks on this CD
 `` Time to say Goodbye '' A disappointment , only 20 minutes , 4 selections , 2 of which are the same music , the other 2 very forgettable . Loved Bocelli on another CD I bought `` Romanza '' - delicious !
 Why is this album on amazon.com ? It 's a bootleg of Joni James recordings unauthorized by her ; she owns her own masters and all this music is legitimately is available and easily obtainable .
 THIS IS A PRIME EXAMPLE OF WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A GROUP CHANGES ITS MUSICAL STYLE AT THE DEMAND OF A RECORD COMPANY.Colosseum II 's first ablum did not sell well . There was pressure from the group 's producer and record company to change the music to make it more radio friendly . Instead of long flowing compositions , they went for shorter pieces with repeated themes.Make no mistake , these are good musicians . Gary Moore is a flaming guitarist and Jon Hiseman is one of the better jazz drummers , almost in the class of Billy Cobham . Keyboardist , Don Arey has some very nice solos.The problem with this album is that the compositions are weak . Each track will start out with a theme that is repeated several times , then there will be a switch to a new riff that is repeated several times . Then the group will come back to opening theme and repeat it again several times . Somewhere in the middle there will be a quick solo , that will be incidiary , but wo n't last very long . It like 2 minute compositions were stretched to 5 or 6 minutes.There are only two good tracks on this album . It is jazz fusion , similar to Return to Forever or Mahavishnu Orchestra . There is one vocal track on this album that is pleasant , but not great . The album is just over 40 minutes and the sound quality is good.Colosseum II is a British jazz fusion band . Jazz fusion was a direction that many British progressive artists took after the progressive rock movement started dying out in later seventies . Colosseum was a progressive rock band that had more blues and jazz leanings . It came out of John Mayall 's Blues Breakers -LRB- as did Eric Clapton and Fleetwood Mac -RRB- . When the band broke up , Jon Hiseman formed Colosseum II . They released three albums.The first , Strange New Flesh , was half vocals . Electric Savage is the second album . The third , War Dance , has better compositions.I would get rid of this CD , but I like the cover too much . It reminds of my wife before she had 3 kids.NOTE THAT THERE IS NEW EXPANDED RE-ISSUE OF STRANGE NEW FLESH THAT FEATURES DEMOS OF COMPOSITIONS THAT WOULD EVENTUALLY BE RECORDED FOR ELECTRIC SAVAGE .
 I downloaded The Garden Of Eden by Joe Valino and Darling You Sent Me by Sam Cooke was downloaded instead . At least one other song -LRB- one by the Ames Bros. -RRB- was also mixed up with a Sam Cooke number . Avoid this mp3 listing .
 As a reviewer , I 've gotten used harsh criticism . When you dish it out , you 've got ta be prepared to take it . As someone who 's kicked the legacies of hip-hop 's darling martyr , 2Pac , to the curb quite a few times , I 've gotten used to internet death threats and ' u dun no hipop ' claims , so whatever negative comments and reviews I get from this album will do little to change my mind ; save the hating ahead of time , as a rating is my opinion and nothing more.My opinion is that this album is very poor . It 's come to my attention that in hip-hop circles , KRS-1 can do no wrong because of his legacy alone . This is sad , and unfortunate , as the people who praise KRS on helping build the foundation for hip-hop alone are as bad as the people who think Lil ' Wayne 's the best rapper alive , and do the Pop , Lock , and Drop It dance . I can understand that not every Kris fan is like this ; but at the same time , it 's rather hard to believe that any 15 year old can throw on a Kris album and vibe along to it for the music alone.It 's also hard for me to believe that anyone is feeling this release as much as they say . KRS-1 has become such a disgruntled , conceited old dude that his lyrics have disminished to nothing more than `` I am the human embodiment of hip-hop . '' Nearly every track follows this `` Hip-Hop IS KRS-1 '' formula , and the few tracks that do n't still try to put over KRS ' status as a `` God emcee . '' Now , I admit , I maybe biased against KRS ; I 've never really felt him . When I think of God emcees , I think of Rakim , Kane , G. Rap , Jigga , Andre 3000 , and Ghostface ; not some dude with an ego trip longer than Weezy 's dreads and the paper Birdman so frequently measures.Marley Marl 's production is obviously dated ; it 'd sound much better in the 90s , or the 80s . Now , do n't get me , wrong , I loved golden-era rap as much as the next dude ; when it actually came FROM the golden-era . Here in 2007 , this album simply does n't click , and it would 've been seen as inferior even in the golden-era , simply due to its unauthentic feel . Instead of bring the old school to the new , it feels like Marley is trying way to hard to recreate the old.Nothing on this album is really all that original ; I know the same can be said about 99 % of hip-hop releases mainstream AND underground , but people are praising this album for creativity when it 's not much more than what other dudes have been saying for the last decade . Over 30 ? 30 's The New 20 without the hot Dre beat , or Jigga 's flawless flow . Kill A Rapper ? Just an extended idea of what comedians and rappers have been saying since 2Pac and B.I.G. were shot up in the third quarter of the 90 's . I 'm not saying Kris sucks ; I 'm not even really saying this album sucks . In fact , I rated it a two for the fact that at least KRS-1 still has decent breath control and similes at this stage in the game ; however , this album is nothing more than the average underground hip-hop releases that picks on commercial music and tries to make the artist seem larger than the genre itself . KRS-1 is hip-hop ; hip-hop is NOT KRS-1 . Anyone who identifies the culture is hip-hop , though ; you are , I am , and all the rappers most of ya 'll probably diss daily are , too . Yes , Hip Hop does Live ; and it 'll still be breathin even when Kris is no longer with us . It had potential , but too many tracks like The Teacha 's Back will have most heads pounding their head against a desk instead of nodding with the music .
 i dont see how anybody could say this is a `` classic '' lol ... this album has excellent production , Marley Marl dropped some excellent beats ... but KRS didnt deliver ! im a huge hip hop fan and jam REAL HIP HOP so i know what im talking about ... KRS One surprised me with basic flow and lyricism that reaches a level of mediocrity ... sure it 's real hip hop but this cd was a huge disappointment ... Nas ' Hip Hop Is Dead is a million times better than this basic rap ... KRS One is a pioneer of rap no doubt , but this cd was anything but classic ...
 I can hardly believe myself how solid this release is . I just picked up a near mint copy on vinyl this weekend and was I blown away by this outstanding relase . This is an essential recording from an essential blues man . Please give this a try on vinyl if you can find it !
 I picked up this album after hearing alot of talk about how intense these guys are live . Personally , it reminds me of Rage Against the Machine and bad indie rock/emo ...
 2 1/2 I can only really respect ATDI 's final release . The other two , while certainly having their share of unique , head-turning moments , especially for those steeped in the punk scene seeking fresher approaches , overall feel strained and sometimes even silly . It is a pleasure then , when we can see the band shaping their primal dual ingredients of melody and aggression to full effect on a few tracks throughout the noisy , jagged release .
 In its short life , One Way Records rarely sonically updated anything , opting for the low -LRB- cost -RRB- road of issuing CD 's from old , sad and tired LP-EQ 'd masters.This CD was no exception . When A/B 'd against the 2002 Japan remaster , it sounds pitiful.Both of these CD 's are now OOP , but the Japan version can be found at around the same price as Marketplace Sellers are asking for the inferior One Way edition.It is highly advisable , however , to contact the Seller before purchasing to confirm you 're getting the Japan disc , catalog # UICY-3371 . Why pay the same money and get less quality sound ? Get the Japan import!Link to the Japan remaster ofEmitt Rhodes .
 I picked this disc up at our local library 's book sale . Some excellent performers , plus a mixture of conductors , but for some curious reason all of the conductors favoured an extremely slow tempo . The worst offender was track three - the Fliedermonolog , sung by the superb Hermann Prey , but utterly destroyed by Kurt Woss , whose tempo suggested that Prey popped out for a smoke between bars . I found myself shouting `` Get on with it ! `` This one goes back into the donations bin for next year .
 Well , this is the first review I ever wrote . I bought this cd to help with my insomnia problem , but a little stress relief does n't hurt either . Well , there are some interesting tips and advise on this cd , and I kind of liked the stress relief hypnosis section . The image of floating on a raft in warm water baking in sunshine is very relaxing . But he uses the same image again with the sleep hypnosis . A little variety would be nice!The worst part
 I bought this because I have been interested in the music coming out of Fat Possum records and have heard some compilations and also full CDs by R.L. Burnside and Junior Kimbrough . I heard that T-Model was in the same class as those two . But I have to admit I am disappointed by this CD . Some of it sounds like T-Model just made this stuff up off the top of his head as he recorded it . Some if it is good . Here Comes Papa is a harrowing song about an abusive father . To The Left To The Right is just a fun song to listen to . And Look What All You Got was ably covered by Buddy Guy on Sweet Tea , his tribute to Mississippi hill country blues . T-Model manages a nice cover of Catfish Blues -LRB- titled The Old Number here -RRB- . But the rest just sounds like they could n't keep T-Model sober long enough to record a full CD so they threw in a remix and some noodling around in the studio to fill it out . I 'm not going to give up on ol' T-Model yet , and I 'll try to seek out Pee Wee Get My Gun and see if this guy is as good as they say he is .
 I do n't have a problem with rough-sounding blues . If they 're authentic . But the formula of all these Fat Possum releases brings up some uncomfortable questions.Most Fat Possum releases follow this formula . Find an old drunk guy in Mississippi who can play guitar . Record a gang of raw , under-rehearsed songs in one afternoon , and stick on an extended sampled dance remix with hip-hop/Beck-style moves to hook the kids in . That 's pretty much the Fat Possum formula , for which they get a lot more praise than they deserve.What we 're supposed to believe , of course , is that the rawer it is , the more authentic it is . But the truth is that T-Model Ford , at least on this record , ai n't much by anybody 's standards . Most of these songs are blues standards , badly played , and barely reworked to avoid copyright issues . The few originals are half-completed at best , and `` If I Had Wings '' should never have been recorded . And I think we could all have done without the sound of T-Model blowing his nose.This record is pretty tawdry and lame . I can dig Andre Williams , Howlin ' Wolf , early John Lee Hooker , Blind Willie Johnson ; I 'm no stranger to rough , raw blues . But there 's something innately phony about this record that scrapes my nerves raw . `` You Better Keep Still '' is as calculated as a Britney Spears record , and there 's more than a faint whiff of exploitation about the whole thing . It is n't helped by the disco remix by the supposedly hip alterna-dude remix artists . It also is n't helped by the fact that T-Model is really not very good , even by the admittedly relaxed musical standards of country blues.I 'm not a blues purist by any means , but this record , like a lot of Fat Possum recordings , smells like a cynical , postmodern , exploitative white boy 's vision of the blues . It 's almost as if someone who hated the blues decided to form a band that would finally kill off the blues , and chose an ancient , senile drunk to front the band in order to divert any criticism and to fool rock critics into thinking this was somehow `` the real thing . `` And that , quite honestly , is what I think is happening here . This is an anti-blues record . It 's the sound of a sick old man being exploited and a rich white boy laughing his way to the bank . I have no time and no use for this piece of garbage , and neither should you .
 This is definitely NOT the best from this brilliant group.Infact it 's an insult compared to their other albums . But stilli managed to find a few grooves that i can get into , for instance , `` Inside To Outside '' has a nice feel and `` Blue Sky '' is a nicespacey laidback jam . The rest sounds like disco . I truly hopethat this is not a sign of things to come from Matt Cooper andfriends . To get a feel of Outside 's best , check out `` Almost In `` This is their debut recording and in my opinion , their best workto date , followed by `` The Rough and The Smooth '' Each and everycut on both of these cd 's is GREAT ! `` Discoveries '' is the perfect experimental soundtrack for a movie.They all have a jazzy oldschool feel with great keyboards throughout . Hopefully they willget it back together again .
 I can remember first hearing Matt Cooper , teamed with Cleaveland `` Origin '' Watkiss , on Outside 's debut `` Almost In '' . It was the CD that I used to -LSB- anger -RSB- my wife because I literally played it to death . Ditto for `` The Rough and the Smooth '' . Since then , I 've been a jilted -LRB- music -RRB- lover , waiting for another Outside CD to knock me out like those . That CD never came . But total disappointment in Matt Cooper 's musical genius did.I 'm not even sure if Outside is still a band , with Matt Cooper teaming up with Andreas `` something-or-other '' for a series of wannabe-eclectic tracks that sacrifice electronic raw grooves for experimental ` edge ' . More like ` sledge ' . `` Blue Sky '' is the ONLY track on Out of the Dark worth listening to . Too bad there was no single available.Hopefully , that old Outside mystique will come back to bless those of us tired of commercial radio schlock . Hopefully , Outside will come back ` in ' again .
 Over the past few years Matt seems to have lost nearly all his brilliance and genius in writing contemporary urban Jazz music so off-the-wall it could be a carpet . `` Out of the Dark '' nothing but confirms this . Gone are the days of Matt 's melodic & rhythmical wizard-performances of tracks like `` Crazy '' or `` 29/8 '' - and here are the days of run-of-the-mill computer-loop drum 'n' bass muzak . Weep , we shall , and hope we will be spared another musical insult by this -LRB- lost -RRB- genius.So , in a nutshell
 Some people out there have shown interest in the band Headpins . I particularly remember an Aussie now living in England named Andy that was looking for particular information on Headpins . It might also intesrest him that i have the album `` turn it loud '' here , that i believe is missing from his collection . I unfortunately can not get a hold of him since no e mail address has been forwarded . So Andy if you 're out there , let me know what your address is . The anthology is poor because it holds no songs from their first and best album `` turn it loud '' .
 I really enjoy john sykes , and i wan this album ... thats why i ordered it a month agi ... . it still has n't arrived . My account says it was deliverd but i dont have it -- the help option is utterky useless , so i ve resorted to this , bad mouthing the album i want just becasue its the only way i can get some help ... maybe . Any way , im sure this alubum is great if casutionary warning is any indication ... it is a truley rocking song ! hope ytou have better luck than me getting it though
 this is definately not what i expected from onelinedrawing , im very dissapointed , this is not good , i shouldve listened to the samples before buying , do that and youll see what im talking about
 The quality is about as bad as on my earlier purchase `` Take Five '' , also by Rhoda Scott . Waste of money . `` Jake '' -LRB- Netherlands -RRB-
 Purchased because of &#34; The Hop &#34; , but with the exception of one other song , the album reminds me too much of 1960s experimental jazz . I 've really got to stop purchasing music without sampling it first .
 I agree with the previous comments about the technical quality of this DVD . Compared to the Eagles `` Hell Freezes Over '' DTS DVD , the producers should be ashamed of this effort . It pales in comparison to other remastered material , like the Talking Heads `` Stop Making Sense '' . Although a great selection of material by the Boss -LRB- perhaps a bit heavier on the 90 's material than I 'd prefer -RRB- , the surround sound audio track if absolutely awful and I refuse to even play it anymore -- the standard PCM audio simulated into surround sound is much better .
 Although Springsteen fans doubtless wo n't care , this DVD was a big disappointment from a technical standpoint . The video is not especially sharp and suffers from many problems of live concert footage such as poor camera angles and lighting . Be aware also that this DVD is not in widescreen format . Likewise the sound quality was not up to my expectations - the surround sound aspect was limited and the clarity of the recording was far below any studio albums .
 The only reason I gave it two stars is because I need to feel I did n't totally waste $ 24.00 . I am a huge Bruce fan but this is the worst of Bruce . The acting videos are campy , the live videos are good . The acoustic Born in the USA is about the worst !!!! It is so pretentious , this is BAD blues at best . Also there is no DVD extras at all , no commentary , no interviews ... nothing . This DVD is awful .
 New Springsteen fans may enjoy this anthology , but I was disappointed.The concert dvds are much better .
 I am a huge Bruce fan , but found this DVD extremely disappointing . I had forgotten just how cheesy those Born in the USA videos were . Bruce & the E Street Band would be perfect on a live concert DVD . Let 's hope he puts one out .
 I 'm a bit hesitant to review this album because it has its ups and downs . `` Gandules '' as well as `` La Rumba es Mia '' are very good songs , reminiscent of the 70 's . On the other hand , there are some choice of songs that I question like for example `` El Rey '' and `` Que te Pedi '' . No one except for La Lupe should ever sing that song . But this CD 's ultimate downfall is it 's sound quality . It seems as a cassette were playing instead of a CD . I ca n't stress how bad it sounds . Not sure if its remastered , but you should wait for this one if its not .
 Joe Walsh cut three great CDs with his hometown -LRB- Cleveland -RRB- band , the James Gang
 Just received the cd thinking it was a remastered SHM quality , but it was a reissue from one way records . can i send it back and get the one advertised ? I also bought Styx equinox under the same assumption . It is a reissue as well .
 This Was Joe Walsh in his Prime , when he was really Rockin ` If your A james Gang fan , and you like live music , you really should own this `` CD '' ! -LRB- Joe at some of his best !!! -RRB-
 Joe Walsh done the right thing as suggested by the song `` Walk Away '' . I liked The James Gang rides again , and James Gang Bang . They had some good music . I never seen the `` Gang '' in concert and if this album represents their best on stage , I 'm glad I never did .
 There is no way this is a digitaly remaster as it still sucks for sound quality . The four additional tracks are remastered but the original songs from the album - no way . Save your dollars and skip this one . There is another remaster with oodles of additional tracks , perhaps it sounds better .
 Hoping for a really good collection of Jefferson Airplane . Instead a CD with only 2 known hits , and a lot of songs I ca n't even remember . Very disappointed with this collection .
 My CD wo n't play ! Very disappointing ? I tried several times and was unsuccessful . I also bought the album but it is for display only and wo n't know if it plays or not
 Funny thing , time . As I remembered this album , it was really extra cool when it was first released ; listening to it now on my recently purchased CD , it 's simply alright . ` Guess `` Feeding Your Head , '' as Grace said , is still compulsory with listening to it now . Oh well . I suppose Alice still knows?A couple classic cuts makes it worth the sale price . But , it 's a valid example of the old adage ... `` You Can Never Go Back . ''
 This `` remastered '' CD -LRB- the domestic CD with 4 bonus tracks and the 2 mono tracks -RRB- still does not sound very good ! Let me first state that I own three different CD reissues of Surrealistic Pillow as well as the '73 stereo LP , the DCC reissue stereo LP , AND the Sundazed mono LP . Out of all of these versions only the Sundazed LP and the 1973 Stereo LP sound decent . I even transfered those LPs to CDR to listen to in my car rather than suffer through any of those official CDs . I have the first reissued CD from a few years ago that has both the stereo and mono versions - great artwork , but terrible sound . I have the import CD version with the 4 bonus tracks - slightly better sound , but still a disgrace . And I have this most recent 2003 October/November released CD that is advertised as `` remastered from the original master '' -LRB- has the 4 bonus cuts plus the 2 mono cuts -RRB- - still , no significant difference soundwise from the other previously issued CDs . Where does that leave a true fan who simply wants to hear a decent sounding recording of this historic LP ? Well , basically you need a clean stereo LP from the 60 's or the 70 's or the Sundazed Mono LP ! Note
 The music remains as gorgeous and inventive as ever . The remastering job , however , was terrible . It was n't compressed to a fare-thee-well as some reissues are , but * something * made it sound harsh and wearying . I know the LP did n't sound like that . Maybe they used too heavy a hand with noise reduction ? In any case , BMG should go back and do it again , this time with no fancy processing -- just a straight transfer of the tape .
 i have an earlier cd of this , but was intrigued by the remastering and the additional tracks.disappointed , to say the least . the remastering is ... louder . compressed , to the point where everthing smears , and the -LRB- originally over-used -RRB- reverbs bury over everything . the mastering could have been more subtle , more respectful of the limitations of the original record -LRB- rather than a modern paint-by-numbers mastering -RRB- for me at least , the earlier cd is cleaner , clearer.as for the bonus tracks
 I ordered this CD specifically because it says the song on track 17 , White Rabbit , is 5 minutes long . It is not , it is the same length as the other , about 2:30 min . There is some break after White Rabbit track 17 , and an instrumental , but this is not some extended version of White Rabbit .
 I tried ordering this item from THREE different sellers and each time I received the original stereo issue -LRB- late 80s -RRB- . Anyone selling the correct version should describe it as mono/stereo , 2001 , 22 tracks.Added April 2011 : I wrote this review so other people would n't have my experience -LRB- wasted time and money -RRB- . You are likely to be burned if you try to order this item . How could anyone consider this info `` unhelpful '' ?
 Buyer beware . Most CD companies today use digital hyper compression to make their remastered recordings sound as loud as possible . This results in very harsh sounding music . There are few music companies that still produce good sounding oldies rock.The CD companies are completely clueless of the need to preserve the original hi-fi sound of the original LP recordings and have now affectively destroyed the rock oldies portion of the music business.Anyone wanting original full range sound today is advised to purchase a CD recorder -LRB- such as Denon etc -RRB- and convert their LPs to CD .
 I bought this to hear pre-Mahavishnu Jerry Goodman . The group should be good , with Goodman and the horns . However , the material is very weak . The lyrics and vocals are mediocre at best , but the songs are poor . I can listen to almost anything but I draw the line here . Is it worth it to hear Jerry Goodman ? Maybe for one listening .
 I bought this album because of the bitchin ' cover . I 've usually not been disappointed buying albums that way but in this case , it did not pay off . I guess The Flock was a Chicago-like band that happened to be from the Windy City but this mess could not hold a candle to any Chicago album and to tell the truth , I was never really all that crazy about Chicago . At the time I got this , I really had no idea what kind of a band they were so the cover fooled me.This album is a sloppy mess , especially the vocals . It sounds like all the singers are out of synch and maybe even singing different melodies , who knows ? There may have been some great musicianship here and there , but I could not stand the vocals long enough to give it a fair listen . I managed to play the whole album through twice , the second time twenty years later when I tried to give the band another shot . It was then I remembered why I did n't like it the first time . I noticed by some of the reviews that a few people loved it . I just do n't understand why . Then again , I think Pretties for You by the Alice Cooper Band was a great album even though it sounded like it was recorded in a tin can.I just burned this to CD and listened to it again.As for the music , I 'd have to give it three stars , but as for the vocals , the one star is it . I must admit that after listening to it with fresh ears , the music is not bad at all . I do not expect catchy tunes , or four minute songs as one reviewer said , I just want it to rock . In places it does right up until the singing starts and that sort of deflates the whole thing . These were some great musicians , as long as they did n't sing . I love quirky experimental music and this certainly qualifies . However , my rating still stands because of the vocals .
 If you 're on a really tight budget , you may want to settle for this , otherwise there are the real Creation recordings out there by Karajan , Shaw , Bernstein , just to name a few ... Do n't settle for this . The chorus is too distant and the recording is sort of a mess .
 When I saw a combined album with Rare Earth and Vanilla Fudge I was thinking this is great and was looking forward to hearing . I popped the CD in and track 1 started , and I listened about 20 seconds , and thought maybe I had the wrong CD in . Nope the label was correct , but the song did not sound anything close to what I was expecting . I flipped thru the tracks and the same sounds , even with the Vanilla Fudge tracks . This CD is another one of those 1960 groups who are performing 40 years after they 1st appeared on the scene . The voices and instruments were attrocious . If you are expecting hand picked songs from the original albums , forget it . I tossed the CD in the trash , which I have never done before .
 Purchased because of &#34; The Hop &#34; , but with the exception of one other song , the album reminds me too much of 1960s experimental jazz . I 've really got to stop purchasing music without sampling it first .
 I love Dream Theater , but this one is simply a collector 's piece to let you know how the great band got its start . If you want to check out Dream Theater , try another CD . I seldom listen to it .
 I CA N'T BELIEVE AMAZON IS ASKING ME FOR THE 2ND TIME TO REVIEW THIS ITEM I ORDERED FROM THEM THROUGH AN OUTSIDE VENDOR THAT I NEVER RECEIVED . ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT IF YOU 'RE GOING ORDER MAKE SURE YOU GET IT FROM AMAZON AND NOT SOME OTHER COMPANY WHO WILL JUST TAKE YOUR MONEY .
 Altough this is n't horrible , I ca n't totally warm up to bands like Dream Theater . If you wan na be prog , go for it all the way and forget the Metallica crowd . For their info ; Prog guitar IS Robert Fripp , Steve Hackett , Steve Howe not Van Halen and Yngwie Malmsteen -LRB- poofy haired macho metal posing -RRB- . Occasional brilliance , especially -LRB- maybe only -RRB- the drumming , but in the end too 80 's dated -LRB- the only decade where the sound does n't translate to today -RRB- and too metal . I 'd rather listen to Rush over these guys .
 I bought this used at a record shop because it was in the Heavy Metal bin & I liked the cover , sort of . But it 's just bad `` look how fast we can play '' 80s rock . Some of it is `` we 're boring dino-farts '' Genesis -LSB- blech ! -RSB- style pomp-rock . If you are into REAL Metal like Rage Against The Machine , Korn & Marilyn Manson , skip this 80s trash . If you 're into bad hair + scales = bad rock from the 80s , by all means , lap it up !
 With the exception of Voyage of the Acolyte and Darktown Steve Hackett 's solo career has been a spotty mess . This disc is no different . Do not be misled by the packaging that heralds the presence of Marillion 's Mosely and Trewavas . They play on one song . The songs are weak , the production dated and the drums sound as if they were miked to the inside of a dustbin . Hackett 's got talent but seldom is able to pull it off as a frontman . Weak songs , poor supporting musicians usually sink his recordings and did so here ... Simon
 I needed a traditional CD of patriotic songs to teach my Girl Scout troop but they would n't listen to this one past the first song . It is way to intense . The huge orchestra and the operatic voices , although truly beautiful , will not appeal to a mass audience .
 If you 're gon na mess with classic songs - try to make it sound like a concert - then why not try to find tracks that ... do n't fade?For the long-suffering Little Richard fans , who patiently wait for a new song to come out about every three years , and read about albums worth of unreleased recordings , here 's another symbolic kick in the patootie . And not one uncommon cut!Gotta say , the big echo * does * work ! Gives some rather flat-sounding tracks some real depth and impact . So , if you want to hear something * different * among all the strange sameness ... well , the price is fair .
 First of all , this CD is just lovely . The music is so worshipful and the words of the ancient plainsong express such reverent joy . There is nothing that compares to being in the Presence of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament in church , but hearing Him sung about in these praise-filled melodies runs an acceptable second place . I bought this CD as accompaniment for my Lenten Bible reading and prayer and was very satisified with it.Until I read the liner notes.They start out like this : `` The statistics prove it year after year
 One more example of an album I bought years ago because of the artificial hype . The reviews at the time said this was great . It was n't . It is n't . Boring .
 I bought this to hear the pre-Mahavishnu Jerry Goodman . I like late 1960s rock , especially psychedelic and progressive . So I was all set to love this one . The material is so weak that I could not enjoy it . The singing and lyrics are mediocre , but beyond that , the songs themselves are so poor . The elements are there for interesting music , especially the mix of Goodman with the horns , which was innovative at that time , but the songs are just so disappointing . The Kinks cover leaves me cold -- it is overarranged , overwrought , just too over the top for me , and not sung very well . I try to give all honestly performed music the benefit of the doubt , but I really can not recommend this one .
 What defines a great progressive late 60 's album ? A powerful , fresh new unique sound , embarrassingly dumb lyrics , and lots of `` yeah , yeah , yeah . '' This album 's got plenty to go around . Introduction and The Clown -LRB- forgiving the vocals -RRB- are excellent . Frankly , the rest is pretty awful .2012 Update -LRB- I have owned a copy since 1970 -RRB- : My opinion has n't changed . The first instrumental cut is fantastic . The Clown is an academic study of everything that is right and wrong with 1960s non-commercial music . The rest of the album is some of the worst dreck I 've ever heard -LRB- and try as I did back in 1973 , I never made it all the way through The Flock 's Dinosaur Swamps , so I ca n't discuss that one -RRB- . The Clown - good :1 -RRB- Great musicianship2 -RRB- Classic style of rock song with lyrics , long instrumental section , and ending with lyrics3 -RRB- The instrumental section is very creative and interesting . It was a great era for music .4 -RRB- IMHO , all of the music of this song is bright , powerful , and great fun to listen to at loud volumes .5 -RRB- The final few hard guitar chords are a classic signature 1960s ending . It was very appropriate for the time.The Clown - bad :1 -RRB- The singing is atrocious .2 -RRB- The lyrics are painfully puerile .3 -RRB- The `` Yeah yeah yeah '' breaks are downright embarrassing.In case you 're asking
 Delivery was quick so that I could use it right away and the quality is super !
 I read the reviews about the poor quality of the recording and I hate to say it , but it 's true . Some of the chants have a choppy , `` Luuke I am your faaahtha '' fan sound to them that truly does mimic what it sounds like when you sing into a fan . I do n't know if it was an effect or what , but it 's distracting . Also several portions of 2 songs skip and I ordered this disc from Amazon , brand new.Overall , the chants are lovely and it 's what I wanted on that level , BUT had I known it would skip and have the fan effect , I would 've purchased a different recording/CD .
 There are various kinds of music but a calm and monotones of in 49 minutes . Judging from the CD , it seemd that the Director had something expectatins for the work . For example , ringing bell , resounding chorus , by instruments ... But , they could not make me feel meditation at all.The terribly echo rather spoiled a feeling of a space . It is not profound , but is simply unclear . In the end it spoiled the calm of the whole work . I do not recommend .
 I was spooked out by this CD ! Maybe because I am not used to this type of music . It really depends on the listener.A different listening experience though .
 The only reason I gave this CD one star is because you can not rate a CD with zero stars . I would not recommend this CD at all . First , several songs are not really Gregorian Plainchant . They will start out with chant and go into a strange polyphony . But the worst thing about this CD is that it is of a horrible recording quality . It sounds like the monks are singing into a microphone through a fan . Some of the songs they do n't even finish , the recording just fades out . It is extremely low quality and I would highly recommend other recordings such as the monks of Santo Domingo de Silos or the monks of Solesmes . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CD ! This is not a good example of Gregorian Chant .
 `` Lord Open my Lips ... `` I would suggest that anyone REALLY interested in PURE , GREGORIAN CHANT to access the following Carthusian Link :[ ... -RSB- You will hear Gregorian Chants as you have never heard before.As a former Trappist Monk , where the Choir Monks sang the Divine Office each day - a total of about 7 hours - and in the Cistercian Chant , the CARTHUSIAN CHANT is by far the most pure of the two traditional chants . The Carthusians do NOT utilize any musical instruments as is used in some Trappist Communities and Benedictine Communities.This recording is a rather poor rendition , but seems to please some listeners . For those purists among you , access the above site.The Carthusian Gregorian Chant has its own renditions . You will notice whenever the Nuns or Monks are chanting the ` GLORIA ' that the tempo is drastically reduced , and not rushed thru.Background noises in this recording make it difficult to really appreciate the Chant.In the Carthusian Chants - especially those from La Grande Chartreuse , France , the diction is crisp , clear and every Latin Word is distinguishable .
 Agreed , the fan IS there , but I must admit they are actually singing well in the actual Solesmes style -LRB- based on these samples -RRB- . I have heard superb chant and frighteningly bad chant . This is not as bad as it gets I assure you . Try to find something from a Seminary or Monastery .
 The cover art is good , but the music is horrible ! This is a REALLY bad recording !
 This cd had the potential to be awesome.Instead , it 's filled with anxious and obnoxious rythms.All the songs sound too similar.Don ' t get me wrong , Osburn has great talent , but he did n't use any of it writing this album.Seriously , this cd causes anxiety .
 This CD -LRB- One Way Records A24090 -RRB- has been out-of-print for 15 + years , yet some sellers claim an endless supply of `` new '' copies ? Many fakes look really good , so you must check the matrix # 's and other fine details . Check out > The Pink Floyd Discographies Page < for info . Genuine copies are very scarce , please do n't get burned .
 I love Pink Floyd . There , it 's said . But what Pink Floyd IS - This album most definitely is n't ! So it is with a heavy heart that I review Richard Wright 's album `` Wet Dream '' . To start , do not expect Floyd-like songs . Do not expect Floyd outtakes . Do not expect Floyd rejects . You can see where I am going . None of his mesmerizing melodies or great keyboard riffs are here . Instead we get an album filled with badly written light jazz instrumentals -LRB- with really bad jazz sax that just sounds flatulent -RRB- and a handful of vocal tracks halfheartedly sung . Which is the whole problem . The entire album feels unambitious and lazy . All the vocal tracks are FAR better than the instrumentals . But that 's not saying they are good . Just okay - -LRB- the obligatory song bowing and apologizing for what was done to Syd is here and is the best track on the album -RRB- However , there is nothing approaching his great `` See-Saw '' ! Nothing hinting at the brilliance of `` Great Gig in the Sky '' . One or two vocals cause a twinge of `` Floyd '' to emerge , but it just as quickly fades away . It 's a shame , really . I feel he had so much more to give us than this , but no one gave him the chance . Pick it up as a curiosity . Pick it up as tribute to a Rock legend or if you are a completest . Then go back and listen to The Piper at the Gates of Dawn , Meddle , or watch David Gilmour 's On An Island live at Gdansk video . -LRB- but that 's another review ! -RRB-
 Though Amazon.com seems not to know if it 's existence , Richard Wright wrote -LSB- snicker -RSB- another album -LSB- Broken China -RSB- which was more experimental , influenced as much by Brian Eno as by former colleagues Syd Barrett and Roger Waters . This was basically a main-stream effort , resulting in some very nice instrumentals -LRB- most notably Waves , in my opinion -RRB- . The lyrical songs are weakened by the fact that Wright is not the world 's best singer . -LRB- Then again , neither is Brian Eno . -RRB- Nor is he that much of a lyrical writer . Fortunately , Broken China -LRB- and his song from the Floyd 's Division Bell -RRB- take advantage of lyrical assistance . Wright is a musician , and this is his chance to show off his music . This , for the record , is NOT a Pink Floyd album . The closest Floyd song to this one is Roger 's lesser-known `` San Tropez '' from Meddle . It is more akin to the laziness experienced on a yacht off the Island of Elba . It 's one of those records which is very nice , and quite pleasant , but is not strictly speaking a necessary purchase 4 any Pink Floyd devotees out there . A personal note
 Length :
 This is the worst album I have ever heard in my entire life , I feel like the time I spent listening to this was wasted
 I am an old Pink Floyd fan and I do n't like `` Division Bell '' too much . This CD arrived in the mail yesterday and I REGRET HAVING BOUGHT THIS CD . I hate to say anything against the work of Richard Right , but this album is not for a Pink Floyd fan ... It sounds basically like the `` Alan Parson 's Project '' . And that too a half hearted attempt by them .
 I agree with the reviewer who said it was boring . Sure the girls are pretty , but cutesy only gets you so far . The coloring of the whole DVD is blue/grey , the vocals are so so , musicianship only passable and the songs forgetabble . The sound is not 5.1 and the format is only 4:3 . Their stage presence is almost non existent . For some reason the crowd is 40ish and very subdued -LRB- might be the performance ? -RRB- . I do n't get why so many rate this high here and on Netflix . It 's not bad but certainly not up to the production value and musicianship of The Eagles , Santana or Michael Buble . Get those instead if you want to see great performances .
 I really do n't see how this dvd has been rated so high by all the others . They probably havent seen many other dvd 's . If you want a great live dvd but dont want it to be too heavy , get Dave matthews band at central park or santana supernatural . Now those are proper live dvd 's with terrific sound and video and excellent musicianship.The Corrs DVD , well , the lead singer looks adorable and her expressions are cute , but then thats about sums up the positives . The sound and video are not top notch like many others seem to believe , it sounds empty , the lighting is horrible , too many quick camera changes , drummer is absolutely boring , she makes Meg White look like Mike portnoy . The guy in the band is just playing single notes on a keyboard most of the times , and strumming some guitar , which he neednt do , cos there are two backup guitarists anyway.And there is hardly any musicianship , its just song after song , boring slow slightly hollow sounding music . Their audio cd 's sound much better . If you are a Corrs fan or something , then go for it , if you were just looking for a good live dvd and u really dont know most of their songs , then look elsewhere .
 IF YOU LIKE GOOD TRUMPET PLAYERS AND ARE IMPRESSED BY ONES THAT CAN GO HIGH , LOOK AT MAYNARD FERGUSON . CHASE ISNT ANYTHING COMPARED . HE 'S A GOOD TRUMPET PLAYER BUT IT 'S ROCK AND ROLL AND NOT JAZZ . AND HE CANT GO VERY HIGH AT ALL !
 It is really ashame to take a Classic album and put it out , as a the worst recorded CD I ever heard . Chase and his bandlost their lives in their early carrer and their music would of surpassed even bands like CHICAGO during the early 70 's ... After hearing this CD , they will be unfortunately lost forever .
 It is really ashame to take a Classic album and put it out , as a the worst recorded CD I ever heard . Chase and his bandlost their lives in their early carrer and their music would of surpassed even bands like CHICAGO during the early 70 's ... After hearing this CD , they will be unfortunately lost forever .
 have all the kings x , ty tabor solo , platypus , poundhound stuff , and have kings x 10 + times . this is by far the biggest disappointment and the money would have been better spent on the new one black like sunday -LRB- heard a few new tracks live at their most recent show and the tunes were great ! -RRB- . gave this cd away to a friend who thought it was ok .
 This album promised so much ... or at least Myer did . And what did I get ... a style so far away from Haujobb previous glory that I almost through the CD away . The only thing that reminds me that this CD * IS * from Haujobb is Myers voice . He really never was a great singer . Now it is time that somebody tells him !
 I remember listening to my first Haujobb CD clearly ; it was an experience that still goes on . With this CD I can also tell you that this is my last Haujobb CD . This band had its time , and impressed the entire industrial community.Now they have reached the point where inspiration is gone , and where the singer -LRB- Meyer ? -RRB- clearly has lost touch with reality
 Whatever category you want to put this CD in , it wont make the music any better . I think the best category for this CD is `` No-good-singers '' . I have seldom heard a singer singing so horrible!The tunes are no good either , there is one or to acceptable tunes.The producers are responsible for many new tunes on many CD 's ... maybe they should ease down and concentrate on ONE CD a year , and make that one CD worth spending money on !
 Can mucisians loose their talent overnight ? Haujobb did . And not only did they do justthat , but the singing is getting worse and worse . Compared to the previous releases from Haujobb , this album is plain boring !
 would he plz stop the singing . please . I liked nightynine alot because there was very little singing . The album was very intelligent . The production was top notch and I thought it showed alot of growth from their previous releases . Solutions was also good , even tho the guy was singing alot more . I could deal with the it alot better then with this album . The album also sounded fresh and inovative . Dont get me wrong , the beats and synths are pretty nice on Polarity , but I was expecting more . The lead singer on the other hand is just plain bad at parts on this disc . I wish he would just throw away his mic or something , and focus on the music . Get that female vocalist from nightynine back or something . Anything . If it wasnt for the singing I would have given this a 4 .
 There are so many other new industrial CDs from year 2001 that you should consider buying . Haujobb has no value anymore !
 The only thing I can ask myself , is whether this is their first demotape or just a plain mistake . Whos singing ? I just spend my money on a practical joke here ?
 and that what makes this CD so awfull , do n't spend your money on this CD before you 've heard it .
 and now Haujobb has reached the bottom . Start listening to SOLUTIONS FOR A SMALL PLANET , then try the CDs that came before SOLUTIONS . Then you can give the 1999 a shot . They lost the touch with their own innovative style , and can only produce boring , soulless tunes , and as if that was not bad enough , Meyers singing is emphasized to a new level . He 's an awfull singer , and destroys the tunes completely . Haujobb is no more , do listen to this CD before you buy !
 Whatever category you want to put this CD in , it wont make the music any better . I think the best category for this CD is `` No-good-singers '' . I have seldom heard a singer singing so horrible!The tunes are no good either , there is one or to acceptable tunes.The producers are responsible for many new tunes on many CD 's ... maybe they should ease down and concentrate on ONE CD a year , and make that one CD worth spending money on !
 As my almost 4-year-old daughter is a big Strawberry Shortcake fan , we snapped up this title as soon as it was released and were very unhappily surprised to find the story included a villain and a storyline my daughter found to be disturbing and scary . She was horrified to see Honey Pie and the other ponies locked up in a cage , despite the ponies ultimate escape . Needless to say , my daughter took an active dislike to this video and insisted that the DVD be banished from our home . Moms beware . This release does not hold true to the sweet stories typical in the first three Strawberry Shortcake VHS/DVD titles . I do n't know what DiC Enterprises was thinking when they tinkered with the format . If future releases continue in this fashion , we will not be buying .
 Strawberry Shortcake was my Favorite thing when I was little . So , naturally , I started looking for some of the old movies for my little girl . I really do n't like the new look of Strawberry Shortcake and her friends , but bought this DVD for my daughter anyway . I love the smell of the DVD case , it smells just like my SSC doll that blows kisses that I got when I was 5 . But the stories are really stupid , and the songs are painfully done . I do n't know why they had to dumb it down so much . I personally miss the cuteness of the classic , as well as Sour Grapes and the Purple Pie Man . The villain in this is just rediculous . My daughter does like the first story , but wo n't watch the second one , -LRB- She 's 3 -RRB- the bad guy really bugs her . So , I am back to searching for the classics . I wish they would just put the old ones on DVD .
 Having enjoyed Freedy 's past efforts , especially `` This Perfect World , '' and `` Never Home , '' I was hoping that `` Right Between the Promises '' would showcase more of FJ at his best -LRB- captivating tunes , well crafted arrangements , expressive lyrics with plaintive vocals -RRB- . This latest effort is rather disappointing.The CD starts off well enough with `` Broken Mirror '' and `` Waste Your Time , '' but then quickly trails off with a vapid cover of `` Love Grows '' -LRB- third song on the CD -RRB- that bogs things down . Additionally , the droning ennui of `` Back to My Machine '' is diametrically opposed to FJ 's usually musical compositions.This is not to say that the the album is totally unlistenable . There are several examples of the pop music Freedy can almost routinely toss off when he focuses on amalagating his lyrics with musical vehicles that are complimentary rather than subtractive . However , it certainly fails to achieve the heights reached by `` This Perfect World . '' Also , I find the production by Cameron Greider -LRB- who was one of the backing musicians on the record -RRB- to be curiously uninvolving.I wanted to like this album , but I find it to be a step backward rather than forward . For `` die hard '' FJ fans only .
 Upon buying this album I had never heard of Freedy Johnston , but I took a risk on it , hoping for the best . Well after listening to the entire album , I can truly understand why I have never heard of Freedy Johnston . In fact , it is really hard to fully explain my disgust with this album being limited to 1,000 words . It is so sad that the only good song on this album , was the his cover of Edison Lighthouse 's `` Love Grows -LRB- Where My Rosemary Goes -RRB- . '' I found all of his lyrics severly lacking in every way that lyrics can lack . It is easy for anyone to pick ten words out of a dictionary and form them into a song , and I am not so certain that is n't his method of writing . `` Anyone '' was a particularly horrid song , lyricaly squalid and incoherent as well . Also I did not hear any extrordinary compositional talent here either , moreover the majority of the album was downright banal in its intrumentation . Never have I been this truly disappointed in an album . I am not saying Freedy Johnston did n't try . I think Freedy Johnston did , but in the end that just did n't matter . The only thing I am fortunate for is that I will not have to worry about hearing this man on the radio , again . In conclusion I give Freedy Johnston 1 star for effort , but that is all .
 Freedy Johnston earned the right to be called `` an American original '' by Rolling Stone when he released `` This Perfect World '' . It followed on the heels of `` Can You Fly '' , and in tandem , these are two of the best singer-songwriter records you 'd ever want to buy . The imagery inherent in the lyrics , the power of the story telling and the melody that tied it all together left you wanting more.Unfortunately , this album does n't hold up to the standards Freedy set for himself . He almost sounds like he 's gotten lazy , ripping off his own , now tired chord changes . The stories sound as though he rushed his way through the lyrics and the New York edge that spun through `` Perfect ... '' and '' ... Fly '' is gone.I love Freedy and wish he 'd awaken to his former self .
 I love Freedy Johnston . But I am woefully disappointed by this CD . I loved `` This Perfect World , '' and also enjoyed `` Never Home '' very much . But this CD is simply not very good . It sounds like an artist who is trying to fulfill a record contract . There 's nothing to get excited about unless you consider covering an old Edison Lighthouse song exciting . For first-time Freedy listeners , stay away ! Buy something else . For long-time fans like me , I think we deserve much better than 38 minutes of filler !
 Delivery was quick so that I could use it right away and the quality is super !
 I purchased this CD `` new , '' as a gift . The person to whom I gave it , informed me months later that the CD was scratched and it skips repeatedly . How does Amazon manage to get away with selling used items as new ?
 Sorry , guys ; this one was n't as good as the previous reviews claimed . I plunked down the hefty price for the unit and waited for it to arrive -LRB- late and in damaged packaging no less -RRB- . I had previously purchased the related children 's book for my daughter and was hoping that this would be either an audio version of the same -LRB- which it is -RRB- or some decent jazz music -LRB- the book is excellent , by the way -RRB- . Unfortunately , the music blows away the narration enough so that it wo n't work as something that my daughter could listen to either before bed or after eating a handful of Reese 's peanut butter cups . As far as the music is concerned , Messr . Takanaka is a competent guitarist -LRB- he may have grown and improved since this 1981 recording -RRB- , but he is not well supported . In particular , there is a very rough percussion/drum track for one tune close to the middle of the disc where the job is just not very well done , and the effect is distracting . Mr. Takanaka , at least as far as this disc represents , was -LRB- maybe still is -RRB- a Larry Carlton devotee , but his technical abilities are -LRB- as one would expect -RRB- nowhere near those of Messr . Carlton . That being said , there was a good deal of effort expended on the song writing and on playing/performing flawless guitar tracks . Mr. Takanaka 's abilities as a guitarist are n't best represented in the head ; rather , his solos are where he demonstrates his strengths . Unfortunately , when he is not soloing , the effect is forced and sterile , uninspired , and merely competent . Unless you were a fan of Messr . Takanaka 's already or had served in the Far East and had been exposed via a lucky roadside find -LRB- the previous owner of that disc must have felt similarly to leave it by the side of the road -RRB- , I would recommend that you hold on to your $ 23 or $ 24 and buy your family dinner instead -- or , better yet , buy two discs of Larry Carlton , or Pat Metheny , or Watanabe , or Scofield , or McLaughlin , or Hedges , or whatever is your cup of tea .
 How can I review this title when there is no song list to look at to know what I am buying . There is no way of listening to any of the songs . Please provide a song list . Since this is Karaoke , a music brief should be provided too .
 Stiff , uninspired `` jazz rock fusion '' at its worst . This does n't even bear comparison with the band heard on the first three Soft Machine albums , largely because it is n't the same band . The only member left is keyboardist Mike Ratledge , and he lets newcomer Karl Jenkins create most of the alleged `` music '' on here . The playing is efficient , predictable , spiritless and dull , and the compositions are purely mundane exercises in jazz rock . On top of this , the production is dry and ugly , making it perfectly clear that this version of the Softs had nothing to say and were saying it in the most unpleasant manner possible . If any record ever deserved the phrase , `` A Must To Avoid , '' this one certainly does .
 This for me was painful to revisit after many years.By this point , it was obvious the once-brilliant Soft Machine had run out of ideas , and worse yet , made a very bad choice in its lineup , namely Karl Jenkins . Do n't misunderstand , Jenkins did not lack talent , but he was NOT a good choice for SM as his interests and sensibilities were far better suited towards minimalism.Despite the presence of ace jazzers like drummer John Marshall and bassist Roy Babbington , it 's just not enough to lift this thing out of the doldrums . The songs tend to be simplistic and repetitive riff-based things or just very non-descript wallpaper instrumentals . The worst thing though is `` Days Eye '' which is a rather blatant and baldfaced rip-off of John McLaughlin 's `` Follow Your Heart '' , FOR SHAME GUYS !!! Although Mike Ratledge is on this , he 's just barely there , and quite often deferring to Karl Jenkins ' far less interesting playing . The total picture just adds up to a lot of efficient and competent , yet horribly uninspired and mediocre playing and writing.For die-hard completeists or insomnia sufferers only .
 Rick Astley turned heads and churned hits on his 1987 debut `` Whenever You Need Somebody , '' which was a decent showcase of his impressive , if limited , vocal prowess over energetic neo disco . But on his 1988 followup , `` Hold Me in Your Arms , '' Astley gets lazy and records an album that could have been phoned in . Three standouts emerge
 Never heard of Ole Ask ? There is a reason . The album is bad . I paid very little for it and found I paid too much . Lyrics bad . Music bad . Overall , bad . Will continue to feature in bargin bins for eternity .
 `` Streets of London '' ? Bleeeeuuuuuucccchhhhhh!All I can say to anyone who sings this pretentious load of old cobblers is `` Get folked ! '' . Along with `` Where do you go to my lovely '' , `` The Streets of London '' is easily among the most pretentious and silly songs ever written . Good taste ? Well , we ai n't takin ' Rameau , Frank , Buxtehude , Messiaen , Schnittke , Boulez , Kraftwerk or Brian Eno here ! :--RRB- -RRB- We 're talkin ' schlock an ' schmaltz!If you arrive at a dinner party and your host -LRB- or hostess -RRB- puts on this disc -LRB- or `` Where do you go to my lovely '' -RRB- , I would strongly suggest that you politely , but promptly make your excuses and leave . Such a social occasion is likely to be inhabited by people who you will be well advised to avoid.Just a friendly warning!Ciao !
 I was disappointed . The quality of the recording was not good.I own an old vinyl album of the same artists and similar selections and it is excellent . The playing is more exciting and the recording is very good.I had hoped that the new CD would be an even better , updated version . Sadly , it is not . Do n't waste your money .
 I took the 5 star reviews on faith and I am not happy . The sound quality is poor , to put it lightly . This supercedes the music in every way . Each track sounds like the one before . Do n't bother ...
 Kinda boring and artificial . Could be interesting for historians and collectioners . No any melodic inventions .
 I was excited by the prospect of hearing a much loved voice in her best repertoire . unfortunately the reording quality is poor , and the arias often sung in translation . her Fiordiligi is uncomfortable . Yet her Penelope -LRB- Faure -RRB- is riveting . Listen to this one first !
 Maybe Maiden 's worst album . Far from the class of the later albums . -LRB- as well as from the previous one :-RRB- . Not a single song in it to make it sound better .
 This CD , along with both CD 's recorded during the `` JANICK GERS AND BLAZE BAYLEY ERA '' is one of the weakest ever released by Mainde . It 's totally silly . The first album , `` IRON MAIDEN '' , is much better , much better !!! The only good point in `` KILLERS '' is that it marked the debut of guitarrist Adrian Smith , the man who , along with Bruce Dickinson , would lead MAIDEN to its glory days .
 Maiden fans , like myself , tend sometimes to be a little exagerated , and do n't consider the band 's weak times . THis `` Killers '' is one of them , no doubt a uninspired CD -LRB- `` Murders in the RUe Morgue '' is fantastic , at least -RRB- . The rest , compared to the whole of their work , is painfully weak !
 Killers is a classic in metal releases , and proved very influental to later metal-releases but it comes nowhere near what Iron Maiden was to release later . The songs does not have the power or the quality of later releases , and Paul DiAnno simply does not come anywhere near Bruce Dickinson as a singer.The album meant alot to metal and thus is worth listning to , but it does not seem to hold any emediate qualities that are usualy atributed to Iron Maiden . The production is pretty bad , but it was too on Number of the Beast , so that is not what is to blame.I think that Iron Maiden simply matured ... and got a worthy lead singer for their next album .
 I know what you 're thinking
 I was a BIG Maiden 's fan until I heard that album!I first got it on double LP when it first came out and believe me I was expecting this album to be the new MADE IN JAPAN or UNLEASHED IN THE EAST ... A great LIVE album recorded by one of the greatest bands.What a mess!There 's not a single song on this album that sounds even sightly as good as the studio version.The sound is way to clear and crisp ... it sounds DEAD and clinical.Bruce Dickinson might be a wonderful showman , but he sure is a bad singer on stage , he 's so monotone , it 's sounds like he 's singing on one note , one looooooooooooonng note through the entire album.It is even worse when he takes over the old tracks-wrathchild , running free , phantom of the opera.It really took awhile to like Maiden again after this one.I prefer to forget that album and concentrate on their studio recordings.MAIDEN is a great band in the studio and when you assist at one of their shows but their live performances do n't fit the Lp or Cd format .
 First of all , Bruce Dickinson completely ruins everything . His voice is always in the wrong pitch , he is always out of breath , he sounds very shrill , and why does he think that he is an opera singer . Bruce is not even close to being an opera singer . Listen to Placido Domingo or Bryn Turfell . Bruce sounds like a screaming little girl compared to how real men sing . Hearing him do a fake opera type singing is very harsh on the ears.The second problem , is that Iron Maiden have an awful live mix going on . The guitars , bass , and drums are a mish mash of sound . I can hardly tell one from the other clearly . Yes after many many listens I can tell the difference . But I should n't have to listen to a cd a hundred times just to hear some clarity and actual musical harmony . If you want to hear what a live recording should sound like listen to Black Sabbath live evil , any live scorpions or judas priest cd , and any live Dio cd -LRB- he has one coming out in April 2003 -RRB- . Iron Maiden have some -LRB- but not many -RRB- very good cds that they cut in the studio . But everything they have recorded live always sounds miserable . Do not buy this .
 Iron Maiden is loved by metal heads growing up in the 80s , in almost the same way that Sabbath was loved by metal heads growing up in the 70s . But at least Sabbath did n't completely rip off any band before them the way Maiden does . The Maiden boys obviously listened to every Uriah Heep and Deep Purple album released in the 70s . -LRB- Listen to Uriah Heep 's DEMON AND WIZARDS and MAGICIAN 'S BIRTHDAY , both of which came out a good 10 years before Maiden made it . -RRB- And this live album can not live up to Deep Purple 's MADE IN JAPAN . Do yourself a favor , and skip this for Heep and Purple , both of who did it earlier and better .
 I bought this cd because it was part of a special amazon offer . I wanted a Raylamontane cd and amazone offered me a special deal if I bought 3 cds at once . This cd Three More Days only had two songs on it and at least one of the two songs was already in one of the other two cds . So basically it was a completely unnecessary and pointless purchase . I think that if amazone is going to create package specials they need to make them a better value content wise.Jake
 Be warned ! These are NOT historical recordings -LRB- i.e. 78-rpm records which have been remastered -RRB- these are new recordings of old piano roles.There has been a vogue of piano roll reissues lately . If done right , the results can be quite impressive -- as in Telarc 's Window in Time series . That is not the case here . The Prokofiev rolls -- as transferred here -- are totally lacking in expression and dynamic range . The REAL recordings of Prokofiev that I have heard -- such as his marvelous recording of his own Third Concerto -- reveal a far more fascinating pianist . Prokofiev was no colorist -- ala Debussy , Gieseking , or Horowitz -- but he certainly was no typewriter either.Recommended for piano roll enthusiasts , as a demonstration of how it should NOT be done .
 I am a huge fan of TFF . I am also a huge fan of concert DVDs . The only performance worse than this is the so-called Beach Boys concert from a few years ago . Orzabal is spot on , and his vocal talent remains second to none . On the other hand , Curt Smith looks & sounds like a musician with an acquired brain injury ... frequently off the beat or off-key . I had to turn it off after about 10 minutes . There is so much good stuff available , how did they think they could get away with such an uninspired project ? If you want a nice contrast , watch it back-to-back with the Depeche Mode Touring the Angel DVD - now that 's a concert worth filming !
 Following the breakup of Gun -LRB- Race With The Devil and two excellent power trio LPs - both released on Repertoire with bonus single tracks -RRB- , the Gurvitz brothers formed a new power trio with Mike Kelley -LRB- Spooky Tooth -RRB- and set out to produce the definitive hard rock LP under the name , Three Man Army . They succeeded . The CD begins with the Devil-like Butter Queen before moving through a series of moods and styles -LRB- instrumentals - Midnight with Buddy Miles and Third of A Lifetime - flamenco guitar stylings -RRB- . Personal favorite tracks include Together -LRB- with a Stairway To Heaven solo -RRB- , Another Day , a country like rocker with more excellent guitar and a stomper , See What I Took . Adrian Gurvitz is both fast and tasty with note selection . One of the absolute best LPs from the period and comes with bonus tracks - single - What 's My Name ? My only critique is the lyrics are somewhat lame . As a practical matter , you can get all of these tracks and pretty much everything Three Man Army did on the 2 CD Soldiers of Rock Anthology BUT the packaging of this particular CD re-issue is so unique -LRB- gatefold with bullet holes -RRB- that it keeps collectors coming back . Highly Recommended .
 DO NOT buy this cd because it 's very low quality . The vocals are power and the music is very slow . It 's very bad British Metal . I wo n't even recommend this -LRB- or any other Iron Maiden cd -RRB- to a British Metal fan . I recommend getting some real metal like Megadeth , Gamma Ray or AC/DC .
 At first I thought that this was a death metal album but boy was I wrong ! This is one of the worst albums yet!Because it 's British metal ! so do n't be a fool like me by getting this !
 Finally , the last week i had the chance to listen to this famous album and , man , this one really sucks . I 've always hated Iron Maiden more than anyone else , because i 've always been disapointed people gave them the Crown of metal . This is metal ? Do n't be kidding me , this just anonymous rock 'n' roll and Motorhead does it before since 1978 . Respect for the people that listen to that genre of music , but i 'd really give this album only to my worst enemy .
 I was disappointed by this CD because it left out the songs I liked the most from the series . The series had so much great music and this CD does n't match it . Three songs with Elvis Costello is two too many when he can be found on so many other CDs . It was expensive and hard to find and I never listen to it because it does n't have what I wanted . It 's not terrible but it could have had more songs and been better .
 This is a WARNING to anyone that is about to buy this specific version of Somewhere in Time cd . It is NOT a remastered cd ! This issue came from 1998 . When I bought mine 3 years ago , it was advertised as `` ENHANCED '' -LSB- DIGITALLY REMASTERED -RSB- . This is a total lie and a waste of money . The CD you want was produced in 2002 . I bought three other `` enhanced '' Iron Maiden cd 's and I got scammed on those as well . The packaging on the 1998 and 2002 are identical . Make sure you buy the 2002 . Maiden pisses me off for putting out way too many repeat cd 's of the same material . They use distorted lawyer words like `` enhanced '' and make different song compilation cd 's . It has gotten ridiculous . FYI `` enhanced '' means a couple of videos added ... Read the cd case and it mentions you should have Windows 98 !!!
 The best thing about this album is the artwork on the cover . I remember way back in high school , I could n't wait for this album to come out . I had been reared on Number of the Beast , Piece of Mind , and Powerslave , and I thought this album would have to be awesome . Instead , I got this synthesizer laden recording with only the faintest hints of the Maiden I had come to know and love.The lyrics are hackneyed at best -LRB- witness the clumsy `` Heaven Can Wait '' and the tortuous `` Alexander the Great '' -RRB- All the songs here are smothered in synthesizer , which just does n't fit Maiden 's metal style . It 's like they found a new toy and did n't know when to stop using it.To this day , I do n't understand why there are no Dickinson songs included here . He started using his song-writing skills on Piece of Mind , but he penned nothing here . Perhaps he heard the direction the band was going and decided not to waste his talents .
 The best thing about this dissappointing Maiden record is the cover , which contains a complete history of the band , up to that point . The record itself seemed to me to be an excuse to go on tour . Unfortunately , not one song stands out . I would pass on this one for the new Maiden fan , but the more hardcore may enjoy this one .
 This follow-up to the sublime Powerslave is rather weak . Part of the problem is the new sound they are using . The compositions themselves are obviously in the tradition of Iron Maiden but they come off sounding very flat compared to other Maiden discs . Sounds more like prog rock than straight heavy metal.The best part of this disc is the superb lead guitar work by Dave Murray and Adrian Smith . They really play with a lot of feel . The solos are fast in the tradition of good metal but also melodic.The worst part of the disc is Bruce 's vocals and some of the lyrics . Bruce is trying to sound operatic on some of the songs and he is just not up to the task . Sometimes he sounds like a howling old lady.Some of the lyrics take a stab at being deep but come across as just silly - Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner being the main culprit . Alexander the Great was an attempt at doing another Rime of the Ancient Mariner . The Rime , adapted from Samual Taylor Coleridge -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , is a piece of epic metal genius . Alexander the Great sounds like Bruce is reading the lyrics out of a high school text book on European History . Simply foolish.To sum up , the approach here is obviously similar to Powerslave but the results do not even compare . Somewhere in Time is one of Maiden 's weakest .
 It was all downhill from here . Bruce is worn out from the Slavery tour and the songs just do n't cut it . There 's hardly a decent lick on the album and there no fun in it . They seem to be having so much more fun on Powerslave , particularly with
 CAUGHT SOMEWHERE IN TIME-7 / 10WASTED YEARS-5 / 10SEA OF MADNESS-6 / 10HEAVEN CAN WAIT-5 / 10THE LONELINESS OF THE LONG DISTANCE RUNNER-5 / 10STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND-6 / 10DEJA VU-5 / 10ALEXANDER THE GREAT-6 / 10
 I 'm a Maiden fan , but frankly , was a little disappointed with this one . Wasted Years is a good song , but other than that , I do n't see anything special here . I recommend earlier albums like Killers , Number of the Beast , and Powerslave . I enjoyed Fear of the Dark as well .
 This was the first Iron Maiden album which was not great . This album marked a very big change in the band 's music . On Somewhere in Time , keyboards were very evident on the album . There are some good songs on this album like Deja Vu , Sea of Madness and Stranger in a Strange Land , but there are also some awful songs like Heaven Can Wait and The Loneliness of a Long Distance Runner . If you are want to get into Iron Maiden , do n't buy this one first I would reccomend KILLERS of PIECE OF MIND to start off with . If you already enjoy the early Iron Maiden albums , give this one a shot .
 If I wanted to hear a loud mass of indiscriminate white noise I 'd listen to a Nine Inch Nails album . When I listen to an Iron Maiden album I 'd actually like to hear the singer and the individual instruments layered on one another . This 2002 remaster is overly loud , compressed , and digitized . Stick with the original CD .
 I watched 5 minutes of it . My husband , who IS a musician , could n't finish watching . He quit after the first act . This was a real dud of a purchase.I asked him how many stars to give it , one ? two ? He says no more than one .
 This recording is interesting only for being a very beautiful and rare opera of the great Alessandro Scarlatti , but the Romabarocca ensemble is terrible by its assembly of cord . If really their violins are copies of old instruments , they do not seem absolutely because terribly they are touched . In order to express it graphically , the interpreters of Romabarocca make that these unfortunate violins sound of a tearful , plaintive way , making a species of sound `` go & ntilde ; i-go & ntilde ; i '' or cat moan . Unfortunately , only for addict to baroque music ... like I -LRB- But I only hope that this gorgeous work is interpreted by a more lucky group of cord ! -RRB-
 I would love a `` clean '' recording of this performance . It 's full of great singing , but the engineering is terrible , with much extraneous noise -LRB- electrical ? audience movement ? -RRB- .
 I guess I expected a lot more from this release . I am a fan of stuff like Chrome and Voivod , and I expected a more `` prog/power '' metallish version of that . Unfortunately , it is nothing more than a second rate version of typical Germanic power metal , with a few Rainbowesque passages thrown in . It has some killer vocals courtesy of Russell Allen and others , but just does not stand out in a already flooded market of `` progressive '' power metal.The main problem is the songwriting is very hackneyed and formulaic . I 've heard more original riffs on Hammerfall cds , and that 's really saying something!Another problem is just how `` spacey '' it is . Sure , Gamma Ray never claimed to be `` Space Metal '' but their 1997 opus Somewhere Out in Space sounds more spacey than this , besides the occasional bland Floydian -LRB- nothing against floyd ! -RRB- moments on this . It just does n't work , and sounds like 1000 other power metal bands . If I want some `` Spacey '' metal , I 'll put on Voivod , mid era Hypocricy , Alchemist , or even Mundanus Imperium or the before this dreck -LRB- and of course the original Hawkwind is great as well -RRB- . I have not heard any Ayreon , but expect it to be a lot more entertaining than this.Another issue is the cliched lyrics . Many of the lyrics just blantantly throw at the listener the movie/book that the sci fi concept is based on in each paticular song , instead of trying to develop some drama on their own . Sure , Blind Guardian does this , but does it with killer music and more intelligence . THe cool thing about bands like Voivod and King Diamond -LRB- and even Iron Savior -RRB- is that they do n't have to base their concepts on any already existing literature or stories , they develop their own!And last but not least , where are the moog synths , the weird timings , the totally spaced out effect laden guitars ? Answer
 Chances are if you 're reading this you already know what a great band Agalloch is , mixing folk and black metal into a beautiful and atmospheric whole . My first album by this band was `` The Mantle '' which the released after this EP . `` The Mantle '' got me hooked and I 'd rate this band as one of my favorites , secondly for this last Christmas my wife bought me their excellent and VERY mature debut `` Pale Folklore '' which for a debut and any album in general is just about perfect . Now for this EP . The first track which is the title track hints that this short little disk will be as powerful and beautiful as their other two , lush acoustics , brutal metal , good lyrics , and the Haughm 's unique and tortured shrieks . Sadly the quality of the disk ends as soon as this song does . The next song a short little instrumental is nice but nothing special , the third is more of the same and the bands most boring song to date . `` Kneel To The Cross On The Wall '' is as you know by now a cover . I have n't heard the original , nor do I wish to . The song is very well performed and probably the second best on the album . That said the lyrics are idiotic juvenile at the very best . Christians can be hypocrites , blah blah who is n't ? The final song `` Poem By Yeats '' contrary to what other reviewers have stated is a waste of disk space . Bland music played over a garbled and hardly audible reading of one of Yeats ' poems . Needless to say Haughm is an infinitely better vocalist . There is then a few minutes of silence and it ends with some odd noises . So on a whole the title track is great and worth the 2 stars . The rest of the album is n't worth it . If you love Agalloch I 'd recommend simply downloading the title track and maybe `` Kneel To The Cross On The Wall '' since it 's well performed . The rest you should n't bother with ` cos it 's simply not worth spending the money on .
 It ` s a good album but only hints at what is coming with the Hump ... almost like comparing `` Love me do '' to `` Sgt Peppers '' ... I ` ll take up the cry from darkest Africa . . `` Where is the Hump on cd ? ''
 First of all , i edited this review and wanted to give it three stars but cant change the rating i originaly gave it but what can you do . i own 6 maiden albums
 I 've debated reviewing this album for some time . It amazes me that it 's currently at 4.5 stars . That 's way too charitable . This album represents Maiden at their most boring and commercial . It was a `` concept '' album but that does n't equate to good . First off , I LOVE Maiden . I am a HUGE fan and have gone through 3 copies of Live After Death alone . But when reviewing all of the Dickinson era Maiden albums ... this is easily the weakest musically and artistically . There are a couple of catchy tunes like The Clairevoyant and Can I Play with Madness but the rest of the album -LRB- and I include the title track on this -RRB- is simply filler . Nothing is remarkable . It 's simply adequate -LRB- with that said , it 's still better than any Blaze Bayley album -RRB- . Some will criticize newer albums such as Brave New World or Dance of Death but BOTH of those albums are SIGNIFICANTLY better than this offering . If you want a good Maiden album , go with Piece of Mind or for their newer sound , Somewhere In Time . I promise you wo n't be dissapointed .
 Some still say to this day that 7soa7s is Iron Maiden 's crowning achievement . I never understood why . I remember in high school there was a kid I knew who wore this tape out on his walkman because he was so obsessed with it , he could n't stop listening to it . The day the tape finally wore thin and broke , we went out that day to buy a new one . Folks will claim that this is Maiden as a sophisticated , articulate , and composing geniuses . Well ... . I disagree.This album , from the first day I heard it , sounded like a commercial cop-out . ` The Evil that Men do ' is the same lyrics going over and over and over . ` Can I Play with Madness ' is definitely not Maiden at their best , musically or literally . Both these songs were played on MTV so much I found myself sick of Iron Maiden for awhile -LRB- egad , just kill me now for such blasphemy -RRB- . Alas it was true . How I longed for the videos ` Number of the Beast ' or ` Aces High ' . Instead Headbanger 's ball assaulted me with Adrian Smith 's bleach blond mullet , glacier stage sets , and weak , commercial , SYNTHESISER pop metal.Over the years I 've tried to get into this album as I put it on every now and then , but it just does n't work for me . It 's too bizarre , too popish , and is missing all the things I love about Maiden . Mainly Steve Harris 's galloping basslines.Said to be Iron Maiden 's ` concept ' album . I never cared to know the story behind this thing . So a 7th son of a 7th son has special powers , yeah , yeah , yeah . You know KISS tried the same thing with their album ` The Elder ' . You see where that went .
 This is a WARNING to anyone that is about to buy this specific version of Seventh Son of a Seventh Son cd . It is NOT a remastered cd ! This issue came from 1998 . When I bought mine 3 years ago , it was advertised as `` ENHANCED '' -LSB- DIGITALLY REMASTERED -RSB- . This is a total lie and a waste of money . The CD you want was produced in 2002 . I bought three other `` enhanced '' Iron Maiden cd 's and I got scammed on those as well . The packaging on the 1998 and 2002 are identical . Make sure you buy the 2002 . Maiden pisses me off for putting out way too many repeat cd 's of the same material . They use distorted lawyer words like `` enhanced '' and make different song compilation cd 's . It has gotten ridiculous . FYI `` enhanced '' means a couple of videos added ... Read the cd case and it mentions you should have Windows 98 !!!
 That pretty much sums it up . Dorky lyrics and bland music really killed this one . I bought this one the day it came out , still have the tape . I listen to it about once a year at the most . I 've long since worn out my other Maiden tapes and replaced them with CDs but this one wo n't ever get replaced . Up the Irons !
 I liked every maiden album before this one , so I expected a lot of this , but this album just has not the quality of Powerslave or Somewhere In time . To many average songs on this like Can I Play With Madness , Only The Good Die Young and The Evil That men Do . The rest is good , but not great . Infinite Dreams and the title track are my favorites of this album , and they are superb . But not the whole album is superb . Do n't buy this unless you are a Die hard maiden fan !
 The funny thing about Iron Maiden is that even after the sucess of Powerslave and Live After Death , even when their music had taken a dive into mediocrity , they were still selling albums by the ton . Sure , I remember buying Somewhere In Time and trying to like it and then I remember buying Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son and listening to it once before selling it to a used record shop . It was crap and I did n't even try to lie to myself about learning to like it . Iron Maiden had made a concept album and I was devastated . To me , even back then when I was 16 or 17 , the show was over . It 's hard to see your heroes expire and run out of plausable ideas . A few years ago I ended up buying Seventh Son on enhanced CD to complete my Maiden collection and I like it a little more than I did back in the day . It 's still horrible , but not unlistenable . Moonchild is decent . Can I Play With Madness is slightly charming . The Evil That Men Do is bland . Other than that , I really do n't care too much for Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son . Formulaic Iron Maiden . They 're not on auto-pilot here , they 've flatlined . Utter destruction.Deal with it !
 This is pretty much where Iron Maiden stops being Maiden in my book and I would think that I would be the last to say this as a dedicated Maiden fan since Number of the Beast came out . Compared to what they had produced before , this album is simply the pits . Aaargh ! Just horrible in every department ; lyrically and musically . The synthesized sound is just overdone and was already overdone in Somewhere in Time . ` Moonchild ' , ` Evil That Men Do ' , and ` Only the Good Die Young ' are the best songs on this album . ` Infinite Dreams ' is also fairly decent . The rest is pretty bad by Maiden standards and the lyrics are just bland . ` Can I Play With Madness ? ' Please ; it sounds like a kid asking if he can play on the swing for a couple of more minutes . Just awful !
 this is almost like gospel ! the fron cover is cool but the lyrics are awful ! where 's the old lyrics ? they were cool ! i like some of the melodies !
 A friend said this album was `` incredible '' . Yeah right ! I was eager when listening to sound samples , so I checked it out . The first thing I heard was this PINK FLOYD-type ballad and I 'm thinking to myself `` This is the same band that did ` Run To The Hills ' ?????????? No way ! '' I always listen to sound samples before buying an album , so I can know what to expect . If you are new to MAIDEN , I would recommend `` Iron Maiden '' , `` Killers '' , `` Number Of The Beast '' , `` Piece Of Mind , or `` Powerslave '' . But not this !
 All Iron Maiden albums from `` The Number Of The Beast '' to `` Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son '' are absolute classics and timeless masterpieces . I grew up listening to these records , and I know every lyric , every pause , every guitar tone and every tempo change by heart . So , more than sad , I 'm really angry to have to say that all the `` enhanced '' 1998 releases are complete sonic disasters , `` loudness war '' productions with the audio dynamic range slaughtered by whoever was responsible for doing the remastering . It seems that the idea was to turn all the way up the sound of every single instrument and vocal line with no regard to the equilibrium between them within the music 's context . I almost cried in anger when I heard those guitar chords at the start of the song `` Moonchild '' , with the originally carefully distorted tone turned into a mass of just plain annoying , pointless distortion , and all the feeling lost.Every time I get to write about a dear album destroyed by a `` loudness war '' remaster , I ask people to go to a search engine like Google and look up the expression -LRB- between quotes for an exact match -RRB- . There are over 47,000 results for it on Google alone . The `` loudness war '' refers to a trend which started in the late nineties in the music industry to record CD 's at increasingly higher volume levels , in an attempt to lure buyers into believing that they were getting a better product because it 's a `` remaster '' and it sounds louder . What happens most of the time is the exact opposite - masterpieces like this album are sonically cannibalized , and often -LRB- although not the case here -RRB- the audio volume is pushed beyond the limits of the CD format 's specifications , which causes parts of the sound to get `` clipped '' -LRB- cut off , lost -RRB- because they do n't `` fit '' within the available range . I specially recommend that people at least read an online article called `` The Death Of Dynamic Range '' and watch to a very popular video available on YouTube called `` The Loudness War '' , both of which explain in an easily understandable way what this thing is all about . Things have reached such an extreme point that you can find people on P2P networks sharing lossless files with digitized versions of the original vinyl recordings of entire discographies of seminal bands like Iron Maiden because the CD 's currently available are just unbearable to listen to.As always , it 's hard to tell if the band had any say in these releases , but anyway , they are an unacceptable insult to the band 's musical legacy and their fans . If you want to hear Iron Maiden closer to how the original records used to sound , look for the first `` non-remastered-nor-enhanced '' CD releases of their albums .
 I must say there are MANY TD albums I would recommend over this one . For sure Le Parc , Logos , Hyperborea , White Eagle , even Force Majeur are all better than this . I mean the 2 tunes are only 15 minutes long ! I found this album bland and boring , as boring as the hair-dryer blowing-fan shots of the boys on the back cover of the vinyl version .
 ... Unfortunately , this is a pretty paltry record , nine years in the making -- yes , nine years , I said . Such an observation will likely spark a quality versus quantity debate , but Title TK has neither ; in its short running time of about 35 minutes , the Breeders cover an Amps song needlessly -- the version is not much different at all from the Amps , except it sounds more watered-down -- and finally put down songs that have been recorded before and have been lingering around for years -LRB- Climbing the Sun -RRB- . People are saying they like the clumsiness and sparseness of this record , but instead of believing this intentional , I think it 's the result of a massive writer 's block that has kept the Breeders silent for almost a decade . Deal 's excuse was that she was striving for the `` perfect sound , '' shorn of studio gimmickry , an ageless , no-frills rock sound , but I do n't know if they even achieved this . The production is dry and a little lifeless , and the songs sound -- well , almost stillborn . Of course there are moments that redeem some parts of the record -- this is the Breeders , after all -- but , overall , this record will be remembered as a curio in their discography . Hopefully , it 's not going to be remembered as `` The Last Gasp '' too , because I like the Deal sisters as people -- they 're very friendly and approachable in person -- and I do think they have much more talent than this record would lead most to believe .
 All of the Breeders work before this I LOVE LOVE LOVE . I think they 're one of the best bands of the past twenty plus years and are responsible for some of the atristic highpoints of that time . That being said this album is completely devoid of anything interesting , amusing , appealing or of any value whatsoever . I nearly trashed it after I first listened to it , but tried again about six weeks later , then six months later , and now at about a year or so I gave it one last shot and still have n't enjoyed a second of it . It sounds like a mediocre garage band slugging through a ho-hum rehearsal . Probably the most disappointed I 've ever been by a CD purchase .
 I gave this cd so many chances to catch on . I tried to not be too judgemental too quickly . I absolutely did not expect to hear POD part II , but was hoping that because they were capable of so many great things in the past , that this would be more great stuff also . Sorry , but `` Title TK '' is just no darn good . Kim Deal 's voice is tired and raspy -LRB- way beyond what made her voice so alluring and unique in the past ... time to stop gravity-bonging car exhaust and get a good night sleep -RRB- , the guitar licks are mediocre , uninteresting riffs that plod along with the bass and drums . It sounds like a cd full of outtakes and disappointing b-sides . This Breeders release lacks all of the charm , appeal , and catchiness of their prior material - they sound tired , bored , uninspired , strung out . Another reviewer labels this album 's shortcomings as signs of `` sincerity '' - which makes me wonder if the Breeders , in their attempts to recapture a certain vibe from nearly TEN YEARS AGO , just ca n't cut it anymore , or thought this poor collection of songs would make some sort of statement about today 's glossy , overly produced rock . As for Steve Albini working on the project , he adds a nice warmth and reality to the songs that exposes them as the average , unsatisfying messes that they truly are . No amount of legitimizing or philosophical waxing that this is some great `` anti-rock '' masterpiece will convince me that this is not just a crappy record , and a great disappointment .
 As a fan of old I miss the perfect pop of The Breeders . I waited a long time for this album only be disappointed by the first listen . To begin with , the production quality of this album was miserable . I love lo-fi for the authentic feel it gives to music but this recording did not do justice . The music sounds thin and miserable . I am also dissapointed that there are some songs on Title TK that were recorded in 1999 . I find it shocking that someone as talented at Kim Deal could only write 12 new songs in the space of 9 years .
 As an `` Old School '' Pixies/Breeders/FB fan , I am terribly disappointed by Kim Deals latest effort , Title TK . The CD is filled with dull lullabies and annoying attempts at weirdness . With the exception of tracks 4 and 12 , the CD stinks . Frank Black has proved to me that he is the truly what made the Pixies tick ...
 The only two discs worth investing in are this groups first two , especially the accidentally brilliant Last Splash . After that , their releases became sheer bloated fuzz with rare guitar achievements , exploiting a slacker fanbase mistakenly equating laziness for edginess . There are perhaps a few tracks that mimic far superior outlines from LS , but the Deal 's sloppy-as-witty playing and singing becomes off-putting in the face of such simple songwriting .
 I know there is a tendency for people to only review albums that they like , and I apologise if I offend any Breeders fan out there , but I did n't like this album at all.I am a Pixies fan and liked Pod and Last Splash . that 's not to say I am a bitter Pixies fan blaming everything on Kim either.I just feel that this is an album that needed more work . It 's like a rough draft that never got re-written but was published anyway.I think it 's fair to say that if you are looking to buy your first Breeders album this is not the one to buy . I really was disappointed with this album.Perhaps I needed to play it a few times more but there 's only so many times I can listen to an album before I say ' I really do n't like it ' , and this is one of those times . Sorry .
 To say that I 'm disappointed in `` Title TK '' is understatement . It 's been 9 years since `` Last Splash '' and it 's a fitting description of Breeder 's history since this new release sinks straight to the bottom . The songs sound like they were improvised as the tape was running in the studio . What really annoys me is the fact that after such a long hiatus , Kim Deal had the audacity to rehash an Amps song -LRB- Full on Idle -RRB- , which by the way , pales in comparison to the original . What 's the matter Kim , suffering from a bit of writer 's block these past 9 years ? Luckily , `` Huffer '' is an outstanding track that gives me hope for the future -LRB- I just hope the wait is n't as long next time -RRB- .
 Unreal in its amorphous tunelessness , the breeders may have made the most unlistenable record EVER.i love the guy who said that only `` accidentally '' was LAST SPLASH melodic -- and that TITLE TK was what happens `` when the drugs wear off . `` hahahahaha . wow is this ever painful ! gim me a swift kick up the bum or an afternoon in a dentist 's chair before i ever spin this again . to make sure of it -- i threw the bleeder in the rubbish.Ouchly , kim !! you 're horrible !!!! -LRB- and prolly do n't care . -RRB-
 This album has a few bright moments but on the whole it really comes up short . The Breeders have proven themselves of being able to produce top notch indie-rock . However , this record seems more like an attempt to just make a quick buck buy selling records to their dedicated fan base , selling out a few smaller venues and selling some t-shirts . We deserve more from these talented sisters.If you have always loved the Breeders , you might as well pick it up to complete your pixies/breeders collection , otherwise , go check out earlier material by them . You will be blown away .
 What a disappointment this album is ! Nine long years since their last album , and this is all we get ? This sounds like a quickie album that was put together for contractual obligations , recorded in a basement while they were sitting on couches watching TV . It could be understandable if they had released another album just 6 months prior and wanted to break away from a bad contract . But this is n't the case here . This album is simply inexcusable . The vocals are drab , the music is plain , and the song writing is uninspired . If you want to hear some good Breeders music , I recommend the album Pacer from The Amps . That was Kim Deal 's other group for 5 minutes , and was basically the follow-up album to Last Splash . It has far better material and sounds alive and vibrant .
 Not only is the toccata performed by Robert Casadesus and not by Ravel , as the recording states , but the Duo-Art rolls which were used to make this recording has been shown by historians to be _ incorrectly calibrated _ -LRB- in the Ronald Woodley article in the cambrige compainion to ravel , p222 -RRB- and therefore absurdly and grotesquely twisted.There are recordings available with these rolls correctly calibrated and they are * wonderful * -LRB- the `` masters of the piano roll '' cd issued recently by dal segno -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- do n't let the cheap price fool you
 There is some doubt about this `` historical '' recording . The title of the CD is `` Ravel plays Ravel '' . Except what you read from the Amazon website , you could n't find any information about the recording in the accompanying pamphlet or on the CD itself . There is no name for the orchestra that played the Bolero , you are not sure whether Ravel was the conductor to this anonymous orchestra or he was just a cymbals player sitting in the back of orchestra . For the solo piano pieces , it did n't say it was from live recordings or piano rolls . All the accompanying pamphlet said is just a brief generic biography of Ravel . Only two out of the seven works mentioned are actually on the CD.The copyright of this recording is `` 1995 Delta Music '' , Delta Music is a seldem heard name . The CD is issued by a truly budget label - `` Laser Light Digital '' . You certainly get a bottom budget price on this CD , but whether it is historical or not ? only Ravel knew !
 Word has it that Ravel had another pianist record these piano rolls . Even if it were Ravel himself -- who was no great virtuoso , by the way -- these recordings were not restored or transferred with anything resembling care , nor is the piano used in the transfer a concert-worthy instrument . As for the orchestral recording of the Bolero , clearly this is an anonymous modern recording and has no connection to the composer.Let 's face it , this recording is being marketed as a historical document , and in that regard it has no value whatsoever . Why buy it ?
 The CD I got has 6 tracks , the first one being a anonymous modern orchestra playing Bolero.The other tracks are supposed to be played by Ravel , but there 's no mention whatsoever of the origin or dates of the recordings . There 's instead factually questionable biography . So , as far as I 'm concerned , the tracks could have very well been recorded by the producer 's daughter on their living room piano.There must be somewhere a more satisfying cd available !
 This was supposed to be Maiden 's best . Well , it is not . If you want to hear Maiden truly rocking , get The Number of The Beast . If you want a real 80 's metal masterpiece , get Defenders of the Faith by Judas Priest .
 The only reason this gets only 2 stars is that this album compared to all 11 studio releases is n't as interesting . This would of been a killer tour but songs like The Worst Back In The Village ruined this cd.Still worth getting though if your a fanatic like me .
 This band should be called IRON BUTTPLUG . This album pretty much sums up their talent -LRB- none -RRB- and their ability to sound like they have a CD of William Tell Overture stuck up their behinds . `` Hey , look at me , I 'm Steve Harris ` DUMDADADUMDADADUMDADADUMDADADUMDUM '' .
 This album -LRB- and a few others like it -RRB- is why this style of music was completely wiped off the face of the earth in the early ninties . Heavy metal ate itself alive because it refused to grow . This album is a prime example . In the early nineties , bands like Nirvana -LRB- who 's ` Nevermind ' album alone sold DOUBLE what Iron Maidens entire catolog sold -RRB- turned hard rock in a new and interesting direction . Most low-foreheaded , long haired wanna-be guitar heroes did n't understand it and missed the boat . For those idiots , we have old Iron Maiden albums still on the market .
 Back in the day , this was very popular . Not many people are driving around with this in their cd player today . It sounds dated.However , `` Cannonball '' is a classic . This band just happened to stumble on a genuine , `` Louie , Louie '' type of song . `` No Aloha '' is interesting -LRB- sounds very Pixie ish -RRB- , `` Divine Hammer '' is decent and `` Driving on 9 '' is a cool , trucker vibe of a song.The rest of this is pretty unlistenable .
 The songs are mastered way faster than the original records were . The girls sound like they had a dose of helium before recording .
 The picture does n't match with the album ... so you do n't know exactly what you will buy !!! ... Big confusion with the annouce ... and big swindle at the end ! ...
 The sound quality is so low you ca n't enjoy any of this.I 'm very disapointed .
 That one star was only because there is n't a zero star catagory . I am an Afro Celt Soundsystem fan from way back and was TOTALLY disappointed by this CD . It is the same song 3 times in a row and it sounds like crap ... all 3 times . You can get this same song on Realworld -LRB- It is n't even that good a number -RRB- . Both Peter Gabriel and Afro Celt should be ashamed for putting out a piece of drek like this.My fault for not researching it more , it was a late night internet purchase and I must have been tired . Hopefully this will save you $ 11 . If you must buy it then buy it used on here , I guareentee they were only played once .
 Ok ... first of all . Her real name is Brittany Wellsfry . Her voice is ok . She won Miss Teen Texas ... and her daddy is rich . Nice girl ... but the cd is just not good . Sorry babe . You look pretty though .
 It 's disappointing to report that the final disc in the 20CD `` PASSION '' set on Delta is probably the poorest performance of Orff 's `` Carmina Burana '' I 've ever heard on record ! The unnamed soloists -LRB- and after hearing them I know why they wish to remain anonymous ! -RRB- are , to be kind , inadequate . The orchestra and chorus do a capable job , so I ca n't fully fault them even if this is n't the most exciting account of this work . The `` live '' recording is also reasonable enough . Even at this superbudget price this is hardly a bargain . Best left alone , any other recording out there of `` Carmina Burana '' is probably a better buy than this !
 I like the name of this San Francisco band Flamin Groovies and their history is quite interesting but this CD provides very little interesting tracks . The bonus cover tunes are fair at best . I heard one of their tunes on sat . radio and decided to take a chance on FG . Well , you wins some and you lose some . Not that great .
 I wanted the dvd and instead I got a cd sound track . plus this system bites when it comes to finding and buying stuff online .
 Bla , bla , bla , all the girls who reviewed this unfortunate album are completely `` off '' . Is it so hard to recognize what IS quality and what is NOT ? These Take That guys do not even know how to sing . Being a professional musician , I can hear the mistakes in their vocals . The accompanying music is not made by them , the boys I think never held a guitar in their hands . This is not music anymore , it ` s just calculated by cunning managers in order to fit in the female tastes . Handsome , or rather `` pretty '' boys must catch the eye of every girl and it does n`t matter what musical skills the boys have ... It ` s just business , not music ... Girls , open your eyes and ears - try to search for art , not for goods ...
 I 'm not real crazy about Iron Maiden 's first album . It 's preety mediocre compared to next few albums . The better stuff is what follows this .
 IT HASNT NOTHING TO BE LISTENED , SONGS LIKE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA ARE VERY BORING LIKE SONGS OF ZEPPELIN AND DEEP PURPLE .
 I grew up listening to Iron Maiden in my early teens , sort of grew out of it after that , but I get a bit nostalgic when I hear the songs now.Listening to this album now it is interesting to hear just how much of the fast punk sound is in it ! Anyone who has had the opportunity to hear the Soundhouse tapes will notice that the punk influence is even more pronounced there ! Iron Maiden was a way different band before they got signed , and their debut album points a little to where they came from.Iron Maiden 's other influences are evident on this recording ; I hear glimpses of early Rush -LRB- particularly Steve Harris ' bass lines -RRB- , Wishbone Ash and Black Sabbath.Curiously , Paul DiAnno 's vocals are much better on this album than on the next release , ` Killers ' . Vocally , the best performance is on the ballad ` Strange World ' where he gets to sing more melodically.This album is full of catchy head banger classics like ` Prowler ' , ` Running Free ' and ` Charlotte the Harlot ' as well as some longer pseudo-epics like Phantom of the Opera -LRB- memorable opening riff -RRB- and Transylvania.Melodically and harmonically the material is fairly simple and predictable . Lots of straight diatonic harmony over mostly Aeolian modal material -- this is a heavy metal staple . Iron Maiden also really exploit the ` twin guitar ' harmonised melody line sound -- the melody usually harmonised a diatonic third above . In fact they did it so much , it became a signature sound of theirs.The solos on this album are mostly of the messy noodling variety . On the upshot , Dave Murray does play with a lot of passion . As with all Maiden albums the bass is fairly high in the mix . Steve Harris has always had a fairly unique sound although his influences are obvious on this recording
 this item came out well after eric burton and the animals had passed thier prime ... the same people who made a hit out of `` We got ta get out of this place `` had apparently discovered , by the time this mess was released , that fame -LRB- and popularity -RRB- is indeed fleeting , and thiers was already over ... Every then popular youthful style was slap-dashed together onto this album , apparently in the forlorn hope that somebody somewhere would like something ... I like `` St.James Infirmry `` but then I like blues and this version is done in a blues style . . Most of the rest of the album seems to be loud and over-long ... Sure , there are listeners out there who favor eclectic offerings over theme-oriented packages , but I will bet that , in the case of this item , they are few in number ...
 After reading the other reviews , I thought this would be a good album . What did I miss ? This is the worst Eric Burdon I 've ever listened to . I would not suggest wasting money on this one .
 This is a WARNING to anyone that is about to buy this specific version of Live at Donington cd . It is NOT a remastered cd ! This issue came from 1998 . When I bought mine 3 years ago , it was advertised as `` ENHANCED '' -LSB- DIGITALLY REMASTERED -RSB- . This is a total lie and a waste of money . The CD you want was produced in 2002 . I bought three other `` enhanced '' Iron Maiden cd 's and I got scammed on those as well . The packaging on the 1998 and 2002 are identical . Make sure you buy the 2002 . Maiden pisses me off for putting out way too many repeat cd 's of the same material . They use distorted lawyer words like `` enhanced '' and make different song compilation cd 's . It has gotten ridiculous . FYI `` enhanced '' means a couple of videos added ... Read the cd case and it mentions you should have Windows 98 !!!
 For God 's sake ! I never bought anything from Maiden again , since Adrian Smith left the band . I only bought `` No PRayer For The DYing '' , and then I saw things were over . Listen to these live songs
 This recording of the Bruckner Te Deum and the Gounod St. Cecilia Mass on Laserline has to be one of the most poorly recorded and engineered CD 's I have ever heard . Most of the time the orchestra drowns out the choir and the soloists who are something of a mixed lot . I wo n't even go into the somewhat rushed tempos in the Gounod , I will just say if you are looking for a good recording of either work I would look elsewhere .
 I must admit I thought this would be great - an alternative to Return To Forever , with Pat Martino on guitar and Dee Dee Bridgewater on vocals ! Man , was I ever disappointed . You can barely hear Martino , production is very lackluster , songwriting just ok , and here is the worst part - the male singer is so bad , that he just ruins the record , making it really unlistenable . Dee Dee is a great singer , but this guy is really terrible . Get the real thing - RTF , or go for the later Stanley Clarke albums , which are excellent .
 I guess I should listen to the rest of the album , & compare it to my worn-out LP copy to see if this is better , but ... I bought this CD for the bonus tracks ... specifically , for the `` single version '' of `` Sky Pilot -LRB- pt 1 & 2 -RRB- '' . The original 45 RPM release was a vastly different mix , with the `` flanging '' & echo used sparingly , instead of laid on with a trowel as on the LP version . Also the fade-out between parts 1 & 2 began at the guitar solo . The so-called `` single version '' on this CD is just the album track reduced to mono , with all the excess effects , & it does n't even fade out/in at the correct point . All makes me wish I 'd never let go of the 45 I bought back in December ' 68 . I expected that someone would have dug deeper in the archives & remastered the -LRB- better -RRB- 45 mix to digital
 Yes it 's a maiden album , yes it 's got the classic on it . Does mean it 's a must have ? Nope . It 's kinda bland . If you want a Greatest hits by maiden or a live album save your money and buy LIVE AFTER DEATH a true rock live album ! This one ... it lacks the energy and effort shown on Live after ... and lives up to its name its a `` real dead one ''
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Maiden , in fact they 're my favorite band and I own every single album they ever made . Hovever , the only purpose of owning this is to complete the CD collection.First off , it sounds as if they 're playing in a dingy 500 person club with a really crappy sound system . And the band 's performance is absolutely horrible too . Bruce 's voice is absolutely shot , his scream at the beginning of TNOTB is cringe-worthy ! And a taste of things to come throughout . Secondly , Janick and Dave keep playing too fast , ` Arry 's bass is way too high and sounds like an acoustic guitar , Plus Nicko has the bottom skins removed from his drums , like they were for Rock In Rio and Powerslave , except this time they 're way too loose , so they sound like cardboard boxes . And not to mention Bruce 's AWFUL attempt to speak French before Wasting Love!ANd if that were n't bad enough , this has to have the worst production I 've heard . It sounds like it was mixed in the bathroom.Overall , only worth it if you 're a completiost . Otherwise , STAY AWAY !
 First off , let me start off by saying that I love Bruce Dickinson . Sure , his voice is not anywhere near what it used to be in the old Samson/early Maiden days , but it 's still serviceable . The one thing that killed these two cd 's is real simple
 Call it lust for money , or just a joke , wherever you want , but Maiden really dropped the ball in this CD . I 'm a huge fan , always have been , so I keep wondering how they were capable of releasing two unproduced albuns like these , with no special mood in them -LRB- contrary to the amazing `` LIve After Death '' ? . Janick Gers , as always , drops the ball destroying all good Adrian Smith solos . Dickinson is not at his best . The only good thing is that MAiden 's repertoire is so good , that you end liking the record a little bit .
 This cd can give you especific details of the weak dickinson voic
 MAIDEN got completely lost after Dickinson left in 1992 . But they had to keep money puring down into their bank accounts , so Steve and the producers took the unprecedent step of releasing THREE consecutive live albuns , each one worst than the other
 I like the CD because it has a few songs that are not on on `` Live after Death '' But The production is poor ... The drums are drownded out you can realy only hear Nicos Snare when he is playing beats.It is like he has no bass drum , You can barley hear the rest of the kit when he does fills.THis was very disapointing to me because Nico is one of my favorite rock drummers ... the bass is way to loud as if Harris was trying to say `` watch me play '' ... and Even Bruce 's VOX seem a bit off.Gears Butchers Adrians solos ... he just plays too fast.It is just not the same live experence that the great `` Live After Death '' is ... but it does have a few tunes that Live After Death does not have ... so I guess this CD is worth picking up ... I guess : -LRB-
 This album would n't be so bad if it did n't SOUND so bad -- the mix is horrible ! Why Steve Harris took over the mixing responsibilites from Martin Birch -LRB- the master ! -RRB- is beyond me . If they could get Birch to re-mix this , it would be better I 'm sure . In comparison to `` Live After Death '' , which is , in my opinion , one of the best ever live albums , this one is just plain pathetic.In response to an earlier reviewer 's comments on this collection missing `` Wasted Years '' , I picked up a CD single from this album that featured that as one of the `` B-Sides '' , and it was awful . Dickinson 's voice had really gone by that point.I love Maiden , but this one really disappointed me . If you want a good live Maiden album , pick up the excellent `` Live After Death '' .
 I do n't even know how EMI let these albuns to be released ... Steve Harris mad one of the worst ever productions jobs for a heavy metal band . The sound is atrocious , the songs seem to be played by a garage cover band . Janick is in his usual low form , nothing new here . The suprise came with the inclusion of `` BRING YOUR DAUGHTER . . '' -LRB- what on Earth Maiden ' musicians saw in this awful tune ??!!? -RRB- , the terrible mixing , the lack of energy from the band -LRB- or maybe the mixing did n't capture it , I do n't know -RRB- , etc , etc. . Thanks God Adrian Smith is back !!
 For Christ 's sake ! THis band , one of my all-times favourites , practically finished after the album `` SEVENTH SON OF A SEVENTH SON '' ! THe only good point in this live CD is that at least there are only songs from the albuns recorded before that ! But the mixing is absurdly poor , the band is playing lkike if they do n't care .
 Ok , here is a great idea . Take some of the worst songs from some of your most uninspired albums and make them into a poorly mixed , train wreck of a live album and you have `` A Real Live One '' in a nutshell . There is nothing salvageable on this album and I give it two stars only becaue it is still superior to 90 's grunge and alternative.The band plods through the material with the vigor of old people dancing . Bruce insults French speakers everywhere with his poor attempt at speaking to the French crowd on the album . How did a song like `` Bring Your Daughter To The Slaughter '' make the cut instead of something like `` Murder 's In The Rue Morgue ? '' You figure it out , and let me know if you find the answer . The opening guitar runs on `` Wasting Love '' sound out of tune and `` Heaven Can Wait '' is worse live than in the studio . The guitar solos sound horrible , the production is bottom - of - the - barrel and I cringe when thinking of this album and the money wasted on it . I discovered later that this was basically Frankenstein 's monster , Steve Harris having discovered Pro Tools chopped bits and pieces from many different performances for each song and spliced them together!I love Iron Maiden . They were my favorite band in high school and as far as their live albums go , Live After Death or Rock In Rio is all you need . If you do not own this one , keep it that way .
 I hate to break it you you , Maiden fans . But , if , by now , you havent heard these cd 's before , its really not worth it . I am not a huge fan of Dickinson 's vocal abilities . Can I play with madness has a very bad into , the mixing of the live act is very bad and I just think that when Steve Harrie compiled all this music , he must have been on drugs or was drunk beacause he said that these are some of the ` finer ' Iron Maiden Moments ... well if these are the ` finer ' moments ... . I wouldnt pay money to see them in a ` bad ' moment ...
 This CD has a couple of highlights of his own written songs , but too much of the CD is of old remakes like Hall & Oates `` Shes Gone '' , Tears for Fears `` Woman In Chains '' , Duran Durans `` Save A Prayer '' and Tom Pettys `` Free Fallin ' '' . If I wanted to listen to these songs I would of bought the originals . Tony has a wonderful voice and needs to showcase it , but here it is lost with a poorly produced , and structured album . This is a loser . Sorry , Tony .
 Tony Hadley the lead singer for the 80s pop group Spandau Ballet , comes out with his 2nd solo effort.The fall down of this album is he does too many covers ... Hall & Oates `` Shes Gone '' , Duran Duran `` Save A Prayer '' -LRB- which is actually better than the original -RRB- ... and the list goes on.However on Hadleys written efforts i.e. `` She '' shows that Hadley has writing talent and that he should continue with new material not somebody elses.But like I said earlier because of Hadley 's beautiful vocals , he gives `` Save A Prayer '' a new life and really outshines the original.However the CD loses on too many covers , which are from the 70s and 80s , that are basically forgotten songs anyway ... so sorry Tony I have to give this a fair to midland rating ... please next time write all new material or work with previous Spandau Ballet songwriter Gary Kemp.Better luck next time .
 Hadley should just give it up . His voice is great but he needs a producer , songwriter , and arranger to get him back on top . Singing old rehashed songs that nobody cares about is n't going to cut it .
 I love Hadleys voice and his previous endeavors with Spandau Ballet , but this CD sucks major . With rehasing old songs from old past that do not need to be remade ... The only songs worth listening to are the ones he wrote `` She '' , `` Wonderful Life '' , and the Duran Duran 's `` Save A Prayer '' is actually the only remake that beats the original , otherwise this CD fails miserably . Sorry Hadley but you need a better Promotions Director , Agent , and Producer to get you back on track .
 This album is awful to say the least , with poor production values except for `` Save A Prayer '' a cover of Duran Durans song , the rest of the album miserably fails with tooooo many covers of just old songs that do n't need to be covered . If you want to hear Hadleys exquisite voice , buy a Spandau Ballet album , forget this mess .
 Hadley 's first CD `` The State of Play '' now out of print was just as a disappointment . This CD even falls shorter with tired old covers from Free Fallin , Shes Gone , and Have You Seen Her , even a cover of Slave To Love , awful ! , Hadley however shines on `` She '' which is reminiscent to his Spandau Ballet days at best . Otherwise this album is just dead on delivery .
 Tony Hadley lead singer for the 80s pop sensation Spandau Ballet has a wonderful voice , but this album is fair at best , for only a couple of songs . His cover of `` Save A Prayer '' from Duran Duran beats the original , but the album goes down hill with almost all covers of old tired songs like Hall & Oates `` Shes Gone '' , Bryan Ferrys `` Slave to Love '' and Tom Pettys `` Free Fallin ' '' , where Hadley really falls . He wrote a couple of his own songs `` She '' , and `` Wonderful Life '' which are the strong points . Hadley stick to song writing , and do n't do old covers ... especially Tears for Fears `` Woman In Chains '' ... your voice fits your writing style not others .
 Cover , after cover , after cover ... Hadley sings boring songs that do n't need to be done ! ... Free Fallin ' , Shes Gone , Save A Prayer ... etc. . . The only standout is `` She '' which Hadley wrote.Boring , Boring , Boring ... he belts out like he is singing in a night club ... All you need Hadley is a smokey bar and a pink boa .
 I have always loved the original Animals , my therapist , however is one of the few people I know who prefers Eric Burdon and the Imposters , er , New Animlas . We agreed to disagree.This overblown hippie garbage totally blew my image of Eric Burdon . I love rebels and believe they are humanity 's greatest asset . I admire Burdon 's anti-war stance which he expressed surprisingly eloquently in the later `` Sky Pilot '' , but his mindless aping of Jimi Hendrix , his romanticised and naive view of Jim Crow black America , and worst of all , his commercial , self-serving , exploitation of the Animals ' name for a completely different band irk me no end.Question
 Why did the orignal Animals break up ? Because converted hippie Eric Burdon convinced himself that aping Jimi Hendrix and San Francisco psychedelia made him more of an ` artist ' than gritty , substantive R&B . Need evidence ? Pick up WINDS OF CHANGE . Read Eric 's front cover essay . It 's the summer of love , baby , and thus no time for E.B. to get down on himself . Why ? Because he `` loves you and wants you to gain something from these new sounds , as I gained something from the saints of my past . '' Now , open the sleeve and read the dedications -LRB- `` Ho Chi Minh -- whom I hope will listen -- maybe with LBJ '' ; picture that -RRB- . Then , peruse Eric 's bios of his new cohorts -LRB- the patronizing profiles of Tom Wilson and John Weider smack of unintentional prejudice -RRB- . Finally , listen to the contents . Nearly half of the songs are not songs at all , but monologues . The title track opens the album with a cringe as Vic Briggs lets loose with his third-rate Ravi Shankar imitation on the sitar . Enter Burdon , whose phased voice name checks every musical icon from Billie Holliday to Jimi Hendrix in a string of bad rhymes -LRB- `` Frank Zappa zapped/Mamas and Papas knew where what was at '' -RRB- that make Nigel Tufnel 's history of the Druids look positively trenchant . -LRB- Even Briggs thought it was `` stupid '' ; read ANIMAL TRACKS -RRB- In `` The Black Plague '' , Burdon addresses class conflict in the Middle Ages with the insight of a sixth-grade book report ; once he gets to the `` bring out your dead '' refrain , you 'll wonder if Eric Idle will take him away for nine pence . But hang loose , daddy-o , cause there 's still `` Man-Woman '' , Burdon 's beatnik bongo babblefest about a crumbling relationship . Here , Eric 's narrator hopes his woman will `` pull some tricks from her feminine bag '' to keep together a relationship squandered by his drinkin ' and cheatin ' -LRB- so much for detox , marriage counseling or an apology -RRB- . Luckily , the rest of WINDS OF CHANGE is comprised of tracks where Burdon actually sings . His voice is in top form , as usual , but his material is all over the place , ranging from appealing to crass to flimsy -- often all in one song . Such a song is the hit `` San Franciscan Nights . '' After exhorting listeners to `` save all their bread '' and fly to the Bay Area so they can `` understand the song , '' Burdon eulogizes Hell 's Angels , uptight cops and minorities with the help of a lilting Spanish-style acoustic guitar melody . It 's a kitsch masterpiece that makes the Seeds sound hardheaded . Weider 's violin enhances the drama of the clunky confessional `` Good Times '' and the gentle `` Anything '' , a lovely , if slight ballad that 's easily the best track on the whole LP . `` Poem By the Sea '' is also appealing , as Burdon indulges in hippie humility without overstaying his welcome as a gong tolls in the background . The mariachi troubadour blues of `` Hotel Hell '' overcomes some duff lines -LRB- `` the cigarette blows ... '' -RRB- thanks to a superb trumpet from Tony Terran . Oddly , despite their intensity as a jam band -LRB- check out ROADRUNNERS -RRB- , the New Animals only rock out on three numbers -- a passable , if overlong , cover of `` Paint It Black '' ; `` Yes I Am Experienced '' finds Eric paying tribute to Jimi Hendrix with the restraint of a psychedelic lounge lizard ; and `` It 's All Meat '' , a fierce , effects-laden blues rocker that -- you guessed it -- name checks Burdon 's musical heroes -LRB- this time , Eric Clapton , Ravi Shankar and Roland Kirk -RRB- . A must for those who prefer songs about rock stars to songs by rock stars . If anyone emerges from this album with credit , it 's the aforementioned Tom Wilson , whose deft production touch creates a sparse , dark sonic atmosphere that amazingly makes even the silliest material listenable . A definite curio , WINDS OF CHANGE is filled with songs that will please the inner Austin Powers among you . Those less keen on kitsch should avoid this trip and pick up Love 's FOREVER CHANGES instead .
 Actually , `` lyrics '' is probably not the right word . The two most offensive songs -LRB- `` Winds of Change '' and `` The Black Plague '' -RRB- are spoken-word ... but they 're hardly poetry , so that 's not the right term either.I 'm sorry , folks , but I just ca n't erase the image of Spinal Tap when Bourdon starts reading some fourth grader 's melodrama about the peasants outside the castle walls . I did get the point -LRB- so please do n't accuse me of being one of the rich holed-up in the castle starving for fear of confronting the winds of change -RRB- , but it sure is painful listening . Give me poetry , give me melody -LRB- `` The Story of Bo Diddley '' is among my favorites -RRB- , or give me the evening news - I 'll take anything over this.Do feel free to accuse me of letting one foul note ruin my experience of an entire album . There 's a lot of talk here about this being a `` theme '' album , which would seem to me to require the listener to consider it as a whole . I 'm sorry to say that as far as this listener is concerned , two bad apples spoiled the bunch . `` Bring out your dead '' indeed , and get rid of some of this chaff instead of dressing it up and calling it `` concept '' .
 This is not a cd for another classical guitarist , although maybe dilletantes could enjoy it . I learned my lesson never to buy another classical guitar cd without hearing the player first . These players are bad amateurs and it is unbelievable that they have a cd ... at all . They play the pieces with incorrect tempo , have very weak tones , and miss several notes . My guitarist friends are all better players . There is a reason that the cd only costs ... and that it has no sample clips for previewing .
 The best albums by Grinderswitch are Macon Tracks and Pullin ' Together . Stick with the studio albums . This live CD is good , not great .
 With so many good to absolutly superb albums in Maiden 's catalog , it was somewhat of a shocker that Maiden pretty much laid an egg on this album . `` Seventh Son of the Seventh Son '' and `` No Prayer for the Dying '' werent in the same class of `` Number of the Beast '' and `` Somewhere in Time '' but still solid albums . `` Fear of the Dark '' is a strange album from Maiden , as it seems riddled with songs shifting from real knockouts such as `` Be quick or be dead '' and `` fear of the dark '' to boring , slow and un-Maiden like `` Wasting Love '' and `` Chains of Misery '' . In fact , out of the tweleve tracks here , I only like six of them , and thats a disaster for a Maiden album , when on most Maiden albums , I usually dont skip over tracks , or maybe just one . But six awful songs is to much for a great progressive Metal band like Maiden -LRB- yes I said Progressive Metal , Maiden isnt Hair , Power , or Arena Metal , thank you -RRB- . The only other Maiden album that is this bad out of their entire catalog was `` x Factor '' with the un-listenble Blaze Baily . Maybe some think that having a singer that sounds exactly like the past vocalist is fine -LRB- Ripper Ownes anyone from Priest -RRB- but I think its a disgrace . Thankfully Bruce would return to Maiden , and make some solid albums , but if you really are looking for more of an older sounding , more Progressive type of Maiden , then please check out Bruce ` solo albums `` Chemical Wedding '' & the amazing masterpiece `` Tyranny of Souls ''
 Alright , i just want to make one thing clear here ... Now , i grew up listining to iron maiden , because of their original and great master pieces but `` fear of the dark '' is horrible . Their worst album to date . I love classic albums like `` seventh son of a senventh son '' , `` power slave '' , `` Killers '' , '' number of the beast '' , and my all time most cherish and proud albums of all `` somewhere in time '' ... All the albums i named are classics , and made me proud to be an fan but `` fear of the dark '' is very disapointing . I have to admit that , it made me fallsleep while listining to this ... album . Iron maiden is an awsome band , with songs that no other band can outdo todate . Their far from bands like guns and roses , metallica , slayer and s.o.d. , iron maiden is the best one out of all of them ... I realy do love iron maiden alot but this album is just plain garbage and if you been an maiden fan you will agree . Do n't purchase this piece of ... !
 I 'm a huge MAIDEN fan . After Adrian left , I never tought the band would fall so hard ... Steve Harris doens ' t kniow how to produce a metal album , and this was clear in the awful sound in `` NO PRAYER '' and in thsi `` FEAR ... '' . LEt 's analyse the songs : * SHEER FILLERS , BELOW MAIDEN STANDARD HIGH QUALITY
 another weak iron maiden album . buy piece of mind or killer 's for a killer maiden album .
 sorry but I think it realy sucks it was the first iron madien cd I ever got and it almost made me think the band sucked . it is 2 slow for me and my metal needs .
 How can someone say this CD is great ? Is he a real Maiden fan ? Any reasonable Maiden fan -LRB- although fans are not reasonable , normally ! -RRB- know this CD sucks . Let 's see why . First of all , of the 12 songs included , five of them are totally horrible , disgusting , just fillers
 I bought this cd in hopes that it would follow the same style I had seen in other maiden albums I own -LRB- Brave new world , Ed hunter , Piece of mind -RRB- . However , the first time I listened to this one , my first thought was that maiden has gone soft . The only songs I enjoyed are `` Fear of the Dark '' and `` Be quick or be dead '' . This one seems very mellow and pales in comparison to other albums .
 The most powerful pipes in metal take a coffee break on this album . Its hard to believe , in the midst of `` From Here To Eternity '' this is the same guy singing who brought us `` Run To The Hills '' . Another neo-prog Steve Harris dominated affair , the production is flat , with distant Bruce and poor Nicko suffering the most . There are some pretty decent tracks on here - `` Be Quick Or Be Dead '' and Bruce perks up a little on the silly `` Weekend Warrior '' . There 's also a lot more interesting prog-like song structure with `` Afraid to Shoot Strangers '' and `` Fear of the Dark '' . Such musical adventure would be much appreciated on an album with good songs . At least _ No_Prayer_For_The_Dying _ , insipid as it was , still had a really loose sense of fun about it . This is the insufferably dreary , misanthropic second-cousin to _ 7th_Son_of_a_7th_Son , although I ca n't help but think it would have been helped by Steve Harris not hanging around behind the console . 2-1/2 stars
 Dickinson , always aware of what is going on in the muscial scenario , quited at the right time . What is this on this album ? Mediocre , horrible songs like `` Wasted Love '' , `` The Apparition '' , mescled with the classic tittle track . Guitarrist Jannick Gers added almost nothing to the band , and the reflect is this .
 This is clearly one of the worst albums by Iron Maiden . Bruce Dickinson seemed bored with the material . Many of the songs are monotonous and boring . The only real standout songs on the album are `` Fear of the Dark '' , `` Afraid to Shoot Strangers '' and `` The Fugitive '' . Iron Maiden would bounce back later with `` The X Factor '' .
 when i bought this album several years ago , i had recently become a fan of Iron Maiden . having heard plenty of the classic maiden stuff , i bought this album . what a mistake ! this cd , -LRB- with the exception of tracks 1 & 2 -RRB- was awful . i had fallen in love with maiden 's fabulous guitars and songwriting , but this album , -LRB- as well as all of those after powerslave -RRB- was a huge disapointment . do not buy this record .
 This album is for the most part uninspired . With songs like `` Weekend Warrior '' and `` Chains of misery '' , It is obvious that this is not the maiden we remember from the 80 's . The vocal effort is clearly lacking on Bruce 's part.The only songs on this album that remain true to Maiden are `` Childhoods end '' and `` Afraid to shoot strangers '' . To put it Bluntly this album is Maidens worst .
 This was the last straw for Bruce Dickinson , who left the band soon after the tour of the album , because he knew things were not going to develop.FEAR OF THE DARK could be a great album , had it not be for some unebeliavable trash songs they included here
 If you 're new to Iron Maiden , you 're probably wondering what albums to buy . Let me warn you
 Never could get on with this album . I thought No Prayer For The Dying was average -LRB- a shock for a Maiden fan from the old days -RRB- but this one is downright awful . I was moderately hopeful when the single of Be Quick Or Be Dead was released , but this album crushed those hopes . Some of the vocals are okay -LRB- Childhood 's End -RRB- and the title track finally made some kind of sense after seeing it live ... but no thanks .
 This IS Iron Maiden 's second lowest point -LRB- with Bruce . -RRB- After feeling they had gotten too far away from what Iron Maiden really `` was '' after Seventh Son , they decided to go back to their roots and pump out a pure metal album . The result , No Prayer For The Dying . After that flat out disappointing album , Iron Maiden comes out with Fear of the Dark . Unlike NPFtD this album DOES have some stand out tracks . But , is it good ? Not good at all ... in the world of Iron Maiden anyway . For many other bands , this would be considered quite ok.While Fear of the Dark has it 's extremely low points , it also holds some very GOOD songs , and probably one of the most familiar to Maiden fans.Fear of the Dark has three very good songs on it in my oppinion . The rest sink into mederocity or even , dare I say it , badness . What is it that this album is missing ? In my oppinion it is all too much the same , and it lacks that emotionalism you get from any album before No Prayer For The Dying.My personal favorites are : Wasting Love
 I 'm a huge fan of Iron Maiden , and I bought this album early on when I first started getting into them and it turned me off for a while . It 's lacking something , but I ca n't quite pin it -LRB- cough ! - Bruce 's voice - cough Adrian Smith - Cough ! Cough ! - Good songwriting - Cough ! -RRB- .1 . Be Quick or Be Dead -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- A great opener like classics `` Invaders '' and `` Aces High `` 2 . From Here to Eternity -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Hell ai n't a bad place . But this album is .3 . Afraid to Shoot Strangers -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- I cringe .4 . Fear Is the Key -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- I cringe some more .5 . Childhood 's End -LRB- 5/106 . Wasting Love -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- 7 . Fugitive -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- 8 . Chains of Misery -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- 9 . Apparition -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- 10 . Judas Be My Guide -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- 11 . Weekend Warrior -LRB- 2/10 Make it stop12 . Fear of the Dark -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- The best Iron Maiden song ever !!! Bar-none it 's a classic ! On a terrible album . But this version is terrible compared to any time they played it live . There is something wrong with Bruce 's voice .
 I think this album was a case of a band who were beginning to run low on new ideas . Only half the tracks are anywhere near Maiden 's normal high standards , Bruce sounds like a cross between Ronnie Dio and Brian Johnson from AC/DC ! Be Quick , Weekend Warrior and FOTD are the highlights of this , their 9th studio outing , the rest is mediocre at best . Not a patch on 1988 's brilliant Seventh Son of a Seventh Son , one of the best albums of all time in my humble opinion , the last great Maiden album before this . The absence of Adrian Smith was beginning to show . Inspiration was clearly lacking -LRB- a bit like Rush during the Grace Under Pressure / Powerwindows era -RRB- and Bruce left a year later . I write this review after the recent release of the amazing `` Wicker Man '' single which is riding high in the U.K. charts and it 's obvious Maiden NEED Adrian Smith . He is the main cog of the band in my opinion , and their best songs are penned by or with him , as well as the best guitar solos -LRB- Alexander the Great should prove this -RRB- FOTD conjures up hideous and embarrassing images from the 80 's of Ronnie Dio fighting enemies with swords and defending castles , if you see what I mean ! It 's just too naff ! Maiden are much better than this , as the new Brave New World album will show . All bands have low points , and this album is one of theirs . But I think after the effort and sheer hard work that they have put in to British music in the past 20 years we can forgive them . Up the Irons !
 FOTD is by far the weakest Maiden album with Bruce Dickinson on vocals , and out of Maiden 's 15 studio albums , I would rank this piece o ' work number 13 -LRB- just above the Blaze albums sitting at the bottom of the pile -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , I think `` Be Quick or Be Dead '' , `` From Here To Eternity '' , and the title track are all decent Maiden cuts , but the other nine songs are completely disposable in my opinion . Most of the music here is more straight-forward hard rock and the lyrics are very lackluster compared to previous Maiden efforts . I know the general population of Maiden fans consider `` No Prayer for the Dying '' to be the weakest offering with Bruce on vocals , but I 'll take that record over FOTD any day . Thank the beast that these guys brought Bruce and Adrian back into the fold in the 21st century and redeemed themselves after a rather rough decade . Oh , and who the hell thought turning Eddie into a tree was a good idea ? Download the three tracks listed above and forget the rest of this boring album .
 By far not Iron Maidens best material , some riffs and songs are good , but it looks like they were in a rush to complete this project and leaves you feeling like they fell short of what an Irom Maiden fan would expect from such a great metal band .
 weakest maiden album along with ` dance of death , ' and ` brave new morld ' if you want great maiden check out powerslave .
 BE QUICK OR BE DEAD-5 / 10FROM HERE TO ETERNITY-2 / 10AFRAID TO SHOOT STRANGERS-3 / 10FEAR IS THE KEY-5 / 10CHILDHOOD 'S END-4 / 10WASTING LOVE-4 / 10THE FUGITIVE-5 / 10CHAINS OF MISERY-6 / 10THE APPARITION-4 / 10JUDAS BE MY GUIDE-6 / 10WEEKEND WARRIOR-5 / 10FEAR OF THE DARK-7 / 10
 This was the last studio album featuring Dickinson before hje came back to BRAVE NEW WORLD . The signals of strain are clear for all to see here . My God , what are `` WEEKEND WARRIOR '' and `` THE APPARITION '' ??!! Two of the wrost Maiden songs in the same CD !! And what about WASTED LOVE ??!! Nothing at all against ballads , but this one is just horrible !!! And what to say about Nicko 's drums ?? Where did they take this sound from ?? It killed all the majestry fom Nicko 's playing . . Maiden to be forgotten . And FROM HERE TO ETERNITY , a copy of HOLY SMOKE ??!!! Well , I sold my copy of this CD some days ago , and that 's why I 'm writing this sad review , to make plain for all to see how Maiden declined forever ...
 This was Maiden 's worst until Steve hired Blaze !! The production is poor , Bruce 's vocals are his WORST ever , and the songs are just LACKING !! Bruce did well to leave this sinking ship ! Steve is really killing this ONCE great band . If not for `` Childhood 's End '' , this cd would have NO stars !! Do n't waste your money !!
 No matter how you cut it , this is another disappointing album in the post-Adrian Smith era ... I will agree with the fans who say this is a must own , if only so you can see how different Maiden sounds from the Smith era to the Janick Gers era ... the album has some promising songs on it , from `` Be Quick or Be Dead '' , `` Afraid to Shoot Strangers '' , `` Childhood 's End '' , `` Judas be My Guide '' & `` Fear of the Dark '' to the so-so in `` From Here to Eternity '' , `` Fear is the Key '' & `` Chains of Misery '' to the horrible in `` Wasting Love '' , `` The Fugitive '' , `` The Apparition '' & `` Weekend Warrior '' . What 's the major problem ? The same problem I pointed out in my `` No Prayer for the Dying '' review
 bought this when it was first released . did n't like it back then , and do n't like now . Weak maiden album .
 I cant imagine how anyone could think Janick Gers is maiden quaility . I find his guitar sound irritating and flashy . What a waste . Otherwise maidens remaining members are hangin in there .
 Dear comrades
 Here to Eternity ? Weekend Warrior ? Give me a break ! Pretty Weak ... . I hate the stupid bar band stuff . Maiden wrote smarter songs before.Anything From the 80 's would suit better if you are new to Maiden ... . There was no growth here at all . There are a couple goodies here too . BE quick is OK , Fear of is OK , Just not enough to make it worthwhile . Try Brave New World . Adrian is back and it has many better songs
 If I was n't such a nice guy , I 'd say that Iron Maiden -LRB- i.e. Steve Harris -RRB- have written the same song over and over again with a little variation from time to time . And this release `` Fear of the dark '' is no exception . The title track is by far the best song but that does n't really say much . `` Fear of the dark '' is mainly for -LSB- real -RSB- Maiden fans , others will find much more pleasure in earlier efforts like `` The number of the beast '' or `` Piece of mind '' .
 `` No Prayer For the Dying '' was the last quality Maiden album . Even though they sounded old and tired every song was decent . `` Fear '' is a total hit and miss affair . A first for Maiden . A crack in the armour that has only gotten worse since the unspeakable horror that is Blaze or whatever that singer 's name is . Do n't even get me started on Gers . The biggest long haired -LSB- person -RSB- that ever strapped on a guitar . Not only are his guitar solos utterly horrific he is the worst heavy metal performer in history bar none . Prancing around the stage like a long haired ballerina in tennis shoes . I saw them on this tour and the arena was half full . In the 80 's the same arena was so packed you could n't movean inch . Alas , a sign of the times . Nirvana and Co. single handedly destroyed our beloved 80 's metal . Bruce saw the writing on the wall and bailed out just in time . BTW , his solo albums arelight years ahead of the -LSB- stuff -RSB- Maiden put out after this one .
 `` Everything Flows '' is one of The Fannies ' best-ever tracks ; a great single worthy of many repeat plays . This album , however , is awful . It is downright unlistenable . Quite shocking how bad it is . Get `` Everything Flows '' on their `` Shortcut '' hits collection , and skip this . Waste of time .
 As almost everyone notes , the first Fanclub album suffers from poor sound and underdeveloped material . Although there are signposts here and there pointing the way to the future , they are bogged down by the lesser tracks and horrid production.For hardcore Fanclub fans only , others proceed with caution .
 This is the only Teenage Fanclub album I am mildy displeased with . The production of the tracks makes every song sound the same -- at least the first few times you listen to them . I 've given 5 stars to all their other major release albums ; this one falls short .
 This is Teenage Fanclub 's first album , and it suffers from muddy production , half-realized melodies , and somewhat ragged musicianship . Still , it is mildly interesting in its own unpolished way , and it hints at greater things to come .
 Always loved Solomon Burke , but was very surprised at how poor this album is . Save your money and pick up some of his studio work .
 Ten Foot Pole will never be the band they were originally . Since Scott 's departure from the band , they have become nothing more than a whiney , annoying , poppy piece of crap . If you want to hear the dope shiznit then peep the flizzow on all of PULLEY 's stuff and also the original TFP 's first album . Peace-out , YO .
 Good , but not great . I 'm a big fan of John Williams and have almost all his soundtracks . Given the fact that this was a SCI-FI action film , I had high hopes for some exciting new music . However , I found the music to be very obscure and even odd at times . Some of the music sounded like classical music and I do n't mean classical soundtrack music - I mean classical chamber music written in the 18th century . It was very distracting . Other music -LRB- during the chase scenes -RRB- sounded like re-hashed tracks from Attack Of The Clones . Usually I leave the theater with the songs in my head , but I did not remember a single track from this one . But perhaps that 's the sound that the director wanted . Personally , I found the soundtrack to `` Bourne Identity '' by John Powell a lot better and ca n't help wondering what it would have been like if he had done the score .
 Do n't waste your money . You can almost actually hear something in the music every 45 seconds and even then its the most unoriginal thing you 've heard . It 's been 1 day since I got it and I 'm already pacing the the halls trying to think of ways to destroy / mutilate / get rid of the blasphemous disc .
 I liked the music from Minority Report , but rather than talk about the soundtrack itself -LRB- because I figure you 've seen the film otherwise you wouldnt be here , and you 've got many other reviews here talking about the music -RRB- I 'd like to mention the recording quality of the CD which is EXTREMELY POOR!I have an expensive stereo system and for a modern recording I was severly dissapointed in the quality of the mastering . It hisses , it pops , I thought I was listening to vinyl !!!! Maybe you ca n't here it on low volumes , or if other stereo systems have more bass which hide it ? Personally , I like listening to my music LOUD and this recording SUCKS !
 From what I have heard of this CD , it seems that yet another composer is being over stretched in the hollywood machine . The music sounds pretty average for Williams , I 'm sure he worked hard on it , but when he has a Star Wars score to do among others , I 'm not suprised that it sounds a little like some of his other recent scores ie . Ai . I had hoped for something in the vain of Bladerunner , but alas how many composers working in Hollywood have the time to make something original ...
 Without a doubt ... the worst Maiden albumn in the collection.Lyrics border on being stupid.As bad as this record is ... Like all Maiden records good or bad ... It has its Gems.But if you are thinking about buying a Maiden albumn for the first time do yourself a favor and pick up POWERSLAVE , Piece of Mind , or Somewhere in Time first .
 Funny that I go see my favorite bands for the first time on their worst releases -LCB- Kiss -RCB- includedOn their HITS tour , but the tours just ruled . Well anyway this was Maiden 's most unfocused effort to date . Janick Gers replaced Smith but who cares . He does n't save this stinker . Bruce totally seems uninterested here which makes it worse . And by the way the videos were completely cheap . Check it out if you do n't believe me .
 I do n't give it zero star because it 's Maiden who is playing . I mean , sometimes I have doubts that is Maiden playing , so boring , ludicrous and energyless is their performance in this album . THe debut of Janick Gers was something to be forgotten , but it was not his fault since he does not contribute with songs here . All the songs are loser here , a real achievment for songwriters of the calibre of Harris , Dickinson and Murray .
 DO n't worry , pals . Probable it was n't Maiden who recorded this garbage , on of the worst metal albuns I 've heard . Probably Steve and company were very tired and hierd some clones to do the job for them !! Thanks God Adrian Smith did n't feature in this `` thing '' ... Everything is cheap here
 After '' SEVENTH SON OF A SEVENTH SON '' , guitarrist Adrian SMith left the band due to musical differences . He believed that Maiden should continue evolving their sound , but Harris thought not . So he left , and the path was open for the creation of four consecutive disgraceful albuns released by Maiden in the 90 's . The band only found its way again when Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith returned in 1999 . In this `` NO PRAYER '' , we have lousy songs , that were seldom -LRB- or never -RRB- performed by the band live again after the tour .
 What the heck happened to Maiden on this album ? OK , so they lost Adrian Smith , who was a great & versatile guitarist and replaced him with Janick Gers , who is basically just a generic heavy metal guitarist , but that does n't explain why this album is so horrible . The lyrics are pathetic and the music is just sub-standard for Maiden . To me , this album seems like it wants to go in the direction of Bruce Dickinson 's first solo album -LRB- `` Tattooed Millionaire '' -RRB- but ca n't quite get there . `` Tailgunner '' is a good song , but that 's about it . Just pass on this one ; nearly every Maiden album before and after it is a lot better -LRB- except for `` Virtual XI '' , maybe -RRB- .
 Do n't waste your money on this CD.MAIDEN has much better CDs than this.There are just a handful of good songs -LRB- 4 or 5 maybe -RRB- on here and that 's it.There are also a lot of boo-awful songs on here too.I do n't know what happened with the band 's song writting skills after Adrian/H left the band right after `` 7th Son of a 7th Son '' tour was over , but it definitely was n't good.From Epic Metal to Radio-Friendly Hard Rock.Huge jump in music in about 2 or 3 years break between `` 7th Son '' CD and this.If you are expecting this CD to sound like `` 7th Son '' or their earlier CDs , keep looking elsewhere , because this CD surely is n't it.Try the `` Fear of the Dark '' CD -LRB- the CD right after this boo-awful CD -RRB- instead if your looking for a later CD from them that has more of their early music sound . `` Tailgunner '' , `` Holy Smoke '' , `` No Prayer for the Dying '' title song , `` Running Silent Running Deep '' , and `` Mother Russia '' are the only reasons why to get this CD for . The rest of songs are not all that great.This is definitely a MAIDEN CD to save for dead last , or if just feel like wasting money for no reason .
 After two synth based albums , there was much talk about a `` back to the roots '' one , but what we got was probably the least inspired Bruce Dickinson era record Maiden has ever released . The production is slick , the songwriting is none , the performance as a whole is miserable . A completely forgettable album , period . Not surprisingly , Bruce and Adrian left the band shortly after the promo tour . But hey , how low can you go ? The next move was to hire a nobody to sing and put out two of the worst albums in heavy metal history ever , X-Factor and Virtual XI .
 Iron Maiden released seven -LRB- eight if you count the live `` Live After Death '' -RRB- classic metal albums in the '80s . Unfortunately 1990 and the release of `` No Prayer ... '' marked the end of their golden era . This is just an uninspired album which is really shocking considering how complex Maidens music was prior to this . Gone are the epic progressive tracks with the exception of the subpar `` Mother Russia '' . There are a few bright spots like `` Tailgunner '' which is a great track as well as `` Hooks in You '' which really rocks but after that there 's not much . `` Holy Smoke '' is so below Maiden 's standard that I do n't know whether to laugh or cry . And why are they naming a song `` Public ENEMA # 1 '' ? Not what you would expect from Maiden . Sounds like a song title for a joke band like Blink 182 or Papa Roach . No doubt there was turmoil within the band as evidenced by Adrian Smith 's departure after `` SSOASS '' and Bruce Dickinson 's solo album released earlier in 1990 , which is very good by the way , and his eventual departure from the band a couple of years later . I can only guess that had something to do with this inferior release . In other words listening to this CD for the first time was like watching Dan Marino 's and Joe Montana 's last seasons in the NFL ; sad , because you knew the best days were gone for true legends .
 Iron Maiden is a great band , but this album is very very very very bad . I do n't like this album one bit . This album is nothing compared to the Iron maiden album before this one . Do n't buy this if you have a good taste of music , this is n't what Iron maiden sounds like , well it is , but it should n't be ! Bruce Dickinson sings terrible on this album , he used to sing very good , but not here , he uses his voice on a strange way . AVOID THIS ALBUM ON ALL COSTS !
 On this release , Iron Maiden wanted to go back to its roots of earlier records . Apparently , this meant no more keyboards , as we had heard on ` Somewhere in Time ' and ` Seventh Son of a Seventh Son ' - not a bad idea except for the fact that Adrian Smith was also gone , and was replaced by the less talented Janick Gers . It 's 2005 right now , and I still do n't like Gers . His solos are unoriginal and sloppy , and the only reason he landed a spot in Maiden is because he played on Bruce 's first solo record , ` Tattooed Millionaire ' . His presence is one of the reason this only gets * 2 * stars from me.Another reason is the songs just are n't that good . ` Hooks in You ' is a great song , but it was written by Adrian Smith ! It is actually Chapter 3 of the ` Charlotte the Harlot ' saga . ` Tailgunner ' has some nice layered guitar work , but the concept is so corny . These guys were really searching for song ideas ! The title track and ` Public Enema Number One ' are okay , but when it comes to rubbish like ` Run Silent , Run Deep ' and ` Mother Russia , ' the band was obviously running out of ideas and were compensating with horribly written album fillers.I 'd say make sure you buy this before you pick up any Blaze Bayley Maiden , but I recommend the followup to this release , ` Fear of the Dark ' for a much more pleasurable listening experience .
 I did give this album a chance ... I really did , but there was a musical vacancy in the band that could not be filled . The guitarist position was filled -LRB- * ahem * -RRB- , but the musical vacancy was not.I just did n't `` feel '' it this time . You know , that spark that hits you when a really inspired piece of metal hits your ears.I think that Bruce was doing his humor book `` Iffy Boatrace '' about this time period , and transferred some of that humor into his lyrics here . Some folks do n't seem to recognize the tongue-in-cheek nature of ` Holy Smoke ' , but I think the hammy video they made for this explains their point
 I can clearly see what Steve Harris was thinking after the classic Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son . Maiden was going towards a very progressive path , and had reached its limit in this field . It was time for a change . And by change , in this case , Harris tought of a back to basics approach
 There comes a time in any great bands existence when someone from the outside , be it a manager or a producer or just a family friend should step in and suggest that they just plain quit . Well ... obviously Iron Maiden didn ; t have anyone there to let them know that they had just reached the level of ridiculous . No Prayer For The Wicked is just plain crap . There is nothing here woth salvaging . Even Adrian Smith knew it was time , so he bailed out of the band , leaving the second guitar slot to Janneck Gers . Public Enema Number One ? Precisely ! Get a clue.Deal with it !
 Sensing the band had gone much too far towards a `` progressive '' direction , Steve Harris decided to go back to a raw sound . Ok . Adrian Smith left the band before recording began.His replacement was one of those mysterious choices that will make you guess forever ... Janick Gers . A guy who simply ca n't play a guitar solo with the same skill as Dave Murray , Adrian Smith or dozens of other British guitarrists -LRB- check the `` butchering '' that Janick does when playing Adrian 's solos , live . Unbeliavable . He spends so much time jumping and kneeling and spinning that he simply do n't play them ! -RRB- Anyway , NO PRAYER has a raw sound . So far so good , but there was no necessity to use such a lousy production , with a garage sound , adn stupid songs like HOLY SMOKE and BRING YOUR DAUGHTER . There are some gems here -LRB- HOOKS IN YOU still has Adrian on the credits -RRB- , and TAILGUNNER . But even the great songs were ruined by the weak production and some of them by bad soloing .
 I remember the day this CD came out ... I ran to my local record shack and picked it up ... popped it into my stereo ... and felt my heart sink ... the songs lacked imagination . `` Tailgunner '' is a VERY good opening track , reminiscent of `` Aces High '' -LRB- in spirit if not in songwriting -RRB- . `` Holy Smoke '' is different , but enjoyable . `` No Prayer for the Dying '' is downright haunting . Then , it all goes downhill from there . `` Public Enema Number One '' is a song that strains to reach the old Maiden sound , but makes you WISH for the old Maiden sound -LRB- not what they were trying to accomplish -RRB- . The next track `` Fates Warning '' , just plain stinks ; again , trying to sound like classic Maiden , but failing miserably . `` Assassin '' is OK , but the main riff is ripped off of `` To Tame a Land '' . `` Run Silent , Run Deep '' stinks , and it rips a riff off of `` Deja Vu '' -LRB- hhhmmm ... do we see a pattern forming here ? -RRB- ... `` Hooks in You '' sounds like something Bruce Bruce would have done on `` Tattooed Millionaire '' ... `` Bring Your Daughter to the Slaughter '' should have been left on the `` Nightmare on Elm Street 5 '' soundtrack -LRB- the soundtrack bombed miserably ; recycling a song off of it does n't exactly make great business sense -RRB- . `` Mother Russia '' tries to get the epic feel of `` Alexander the Great '' & `` Seventh Son of a Seventh Son but , um , does n't . Some folks will say that this is one of Maiden 's best efforts , but I have been following the band for over a decade and will say this
 Sure , this is Iron Miaden . It has all there
 Iron Maiden rules but this album sux ! save your self the money and if you want a good maiden album buy Piece Of Mind or Powerslave . the only good song on here is Bring Your Daughter To the Slaughter the rest of the album is very disappointing , you would expect more from Iron Maiden . buy there older stuff its much better
 Weak , very weak . When Adrian quit , Steve should have `` hung 'em up '' !! From ' 80 - ' 88 , Maiden were simply the best band in the world !! But this album is horrible ; there are only 2 decent songs -LRB- Mother Russia & No Prayer !! Do not waste your money ... buy any of their earlier releases !!
 With Janick Gers replacing the irreplaceable Adrian Smith , this album marks the beginning of the end of the best metal band of all time . There are a couple of good songs , but the distinctive and timeless instrumental sound of Iron Maiden is gone . The melodic chemistry between Adrian Smith and Dave Murray has been replaced by a rather obnoxious sounding guitarist -LRB- Gers -RRB- who seemingly plays just to make noise . Gers style of playing will leave hard-core Maiden fans disappointed . The quality of songs does not live up the standard Iron Maiden has set with previous albums . Iron Maiden and Gers do not mix well for my tastes . The departure of Smith marks a sad day for us all .
 Weak , poor , sad and unbelievably bad . From now on , all the Maiden cd 's should be rated 1 or 2 except for Virtual XI and X-Factors that should be rated 3 and rarely 4 thanks to mr. Blaze Bayley
 Some good guitar riffs , but just plain sub-par work from the boys . I theorize that they got burned out from doing 7th Son ... , but this is just ... I ca n't stand to say this about Maiden , but bad .
 The first maiden album that sucked , and many more followed . Stick with 80 's maiden !
 i 'm a big iron maiden fan , and while i do have all their studio albums , i have to say out of all of them , this has to be their least inspired . i really think they got back into form after their `` brave new world '' album . so if your looking for sweeping epic maiden songs you wo n't really find them on this album . it is at best just an average rock album .
 The worst Iron Maiden album in my opinion but there are a few fantastic tracks amongst the anguish . Tailgunner , Prayer , Run Silent. , Mother Russia are all very good but the band lost its focus after the huge tours for all those years . Adrian had left and Bruce would also leave after Fear of the Dark . Still its a must to own for those tracks I mentioned above but clearly the guys were not entirely focused on this album .
 What a letdown this album is ! I remember when this album came out , I was in high school , and I bought this at the mall . Got out to my car , put the tape in , and listened to Tailgunner . It was ok , but only ok . I could sense that the whole album was going to be weak , and I was right . I was so depressed . I was thinking that it was Fear of the Dark when I wrote a review for that one but it was this one . What a downer . Tailgunner and maybe the second song are mediocre . The rest are terrible . Tailgunner is a second-rate Aces High recap with only about 20 % of the adrenaline . Do n't buy this album if you like Maiden . I ca n't believe that people gave this 4 and 5 stars . They are confused .
 This album could have been done by any of the other metal bands that were around at the same time . Tthe first song `` Tailgunner '' is the only gem , the rest of the album does n't have the classic Maiden sound , with the time changes , and guitar solos that turn into full band instrumentals . It 's hard to imagine it being the same band that did Powerslave , Piece Of Mind , or Number Of The Beast . Just my opinion .
 TAILGUNNER-6 / 10HOLY SMOKE-6 / 10NO PRAYER FOR THE DYING-7 / 10PUBLIC ENEMA NUMBER ONE-5 / 10FATES WARNING-6 / 10RUN SILENT RUN DEEP-5 / 10HOOKS IN YOU-5 / 10BRING YOUR DAUGHTER ... TO THE SLAUGHTER-6 / 10MOTHER RUSSIA-6 / 10
 the last reviewer is right on , this album is just as bad as fear of the dark .
 In a word , awful . This CD contains three decent hit singles in `` Holy Smoke '' , `` Tailgunner '' and `` Bring Your Daughter ... To The Slaughter '' and another catchy tune in the aptly-named `` Hooks In You '' . Stupid and derivative lyrics and substandard musicianship aside -LRB- not that they play them bad , but these are songs where a band like Maiden can just `` phone it in '' -RRB- , all are good enough to make you hum along with repeated listens . Too bad they 're surrounded by turkeys like `` Mother Russia '' , `` Fates Warning '' , `` Public Enema Number One '' , `` Run Silent , Run Deep '' and `` The Assassin '' . The title track is acceptable , although it 's basically the blueprint for `` Afriad To Shoot Strangers '' on the following album -LRB- and `` Strangers '' is better -RRB- . And what 's up with Bruce Dickenson 's voice ? He sounds like he 's been gargling battery acid and chain smoking unfiltered pieces of tire rubber . I would call this the weakest album they 've ever done .
 As a huge Iron Maiden fan I have all of their albums and have enjoyed almost every single one -- even their new stuff which seems to have disappointed many old fans . The `` almost '' is due to No Prayer For the Dying . Even the songs that were made singles -- supposedly because they stand out -- are mediocre at best , and `` holy smoke '' sounds more like it was made by a pop band than a metal legend . Musically No Prayer For the Dying is really out of place among their albums
 Ok , back to bascis may have seen a good idea by Steve Harris . But writing just a bunhc of useless and incredibly bad metal songs -LRB- by Maiden standards , I mean -RRB- was a strange move . This album is lefeless , no doubt it suffered from the moment the band was going through -LRB- Adrian Smith leaving -RRB- . It 's a mysery to me how Martin Birch -LRB- the producer -RRB- did not warn the big boss Steve Harris that the album suck . . d.If you are a Maiden die hard , you will find all their albums a work of art . But if other than that , almost everybody recognizes this to be the worst effort of the Dickinson albums .
 This album , one of Bruce-Maiden 's worst , shows again that bands should make sure the material in the album is good before putting words like die or dying in the title . Another istance is `` Never Say Die '' by Black Sabbath , which was the last album with the legendary original lineup.Although Iron Maiden did go on to record one more album with Bruce Dickinson -LRB- `` Fear of the Dark '' which is a little better than this one -RRB- this was the beginning of the end . However , it still does n't prevent the Maidens from cementing themselves as one of the top bands in metal history .
 When I first bought this album , I was immediately disappointed by a few key things :1 . The absence of Adrian Smith and the presence of Janick Gers -LRB- not metal 's worst guitarist , but hardly innovative or dyanmic -RRB- 2 . The flat , lacksluster production3 . Some very uninspired songwritingThat being said , I almost threw this CD in the garbage before getting to the 5th track . However , I decided not to because it costed me -LSB- money -RSB- and was still a Maiden release.After a while , some of the songs clicked with me . Tailgunner is an engaging tune , as well as Run Silent , Run Deep and Bring Your Daughter ... To The Salughter , although none of them are as immediate or outward as Flight of Icarus or The Number of the Beast . Additionally , some tracks are really embarrassing -LRB- The Assassin sounds like a parody of early Iron Maiden and Holy Smoke is a total farce -RRB- , making the album sound uneven and uninspired . And while I can usually tolerate lineup changes in most bands -LRB- take Zakk Wylde replacing Jake E. Lee in Ozzy Osbourne 's band or Dickinson replacing Di'Anno in Maiden -RRB- , Janick Gers is no match for Adrian Smith on guitar . There was a lot of energy in Smith 's playing , but none in Ger 's . Overall , this an okay album for Maiden fans because it does have some decent material on it -LRB- though not enough -RRB- . If you are not a Maiden fan or are one but only like their older output , steer clear of this one .
 this is there worst album . all the songs sound like they were rushed through , like they did n't think about the material , they just did it . adrian agreed that they did n't work on songs enough . he was right.jannick gers ca n't hold a candle to adrian smith . `` holy smoke '' is a lame attempt to trash evangelists . in 1990 that topic was an old hat . slayer did that 2 years ago with the far superior `` read between the lies '' , as well as countless other bands . `` mother russia '' is steve 's worst epic ever . it sounds like like they just did n't care anymore . they pulled out of this slump after that.fear of the dark was alot better than this crap . lets hope that maiden do n't ever sink this far again
 When this album came out it hammered the final nails into the coffin of the NWOBHM . It simply could not stand up to the massive albums coming out at the time from American bands like Slayer and Megadeth . After releasing two albums with a decidedly bloated euro-metal sound -LRB- keyboards and guitar synth -RRB- , this album meant to hail a return to Maiden 's denim and leather days of yore . But without the wailing emo solos of Adrian Smith , and the addition of Janick Gers -LRB- who is a great guitar player in his own right , but could n't manage to break out of blazing through boring bluesy runs -RRB- Maiden churned out a bland slab of vinyl . As much as I loved Maiden in the day , they failed their American audience at a crucial point when speed metal was all too happy to step in and take the heavy metal crown .
 Iron Maiden entered the 90 's timidly . This album signaled a true change in the direction of the band . Adrian Smith departed due to the fact that Steve Harris decided he wanted the band to return to it 's simpler and shorter song length assault . Enter Janick Gers , the often maligned replacement guitarist . His inclusion is the often misplaced blame of the bands string of subpar albums , but it was Steve Harris forcing the direction on this band that was to blame . This album is plagued with horrible go nowhere radio songs that wish they could be `` Flight Of Icarus '' . `` Holy Smoke '' and `` Bring Your Daughter ... To The Slaughter '' are the absolute nadir of the Maiden discography , with the latter being a Harris from Bruce Dickinson 's early solo recordings , re-tooled for this album . The only thing that makes me gives this a hesitant two stars instead of one is the fact that the title track , `` No Prayer For the Dying '' is actually a really good song . In fact , if you listen closely , you can hear that they stole from that one to make a song on `` Brave New World '' . I 'll let you find out which one .
 In all honesty I would give this 2 1/2 stars , 3 stars if I could bump off like 3 of the tracks and add ANYTHING else . I had this years ago and recently re-bought it b/c A. I wanted it again , B. because of the added media stuff . And actually the added media stuff is excellant and even makes me want to repurchase the catalog , the Holy Smoke video included on the cd is a nice touch and is funny . As another reviewer wrote , the solos are very good on this , what holds me back on this cd is the title track . I think No Prayer for the Dying is a nice concept , fantastic cover art , but ultimately a weak song . It 's tough to build a cd around a poor song , not that it 's bad , it 's just not that good , and there is a difference.Powerslave for instance , when you heard the song Powerslave you would have guessed that was the title track whether you knew it or not ! It was that powerful and that good.Songs on N.P.F.T.D. I could have done without
 Someone said below this CD is a `` Must HAve '' . H&aacute; ! THis is the first CD after the magical `` Seventh Son of a Seventh Son '' and the departure of guitarrist Adrian Smith . The result ? Raw music , which is good , but without any vibration or inspiration . See the work-tittle of the alum `` Holy Smoke ''
 I was the BIGGEST Iron Maiden fan growing up . From age 10 , when I got `` Powerslave '' for Christmas , to age 20 , when I saw IM live for the 2nd time in Salt Lake City supporting No Prayer for the Dying , they were my pet band . After that concert , the songs on this album grew old fast , whereas songs on their first 5 albums have never grown stale to this day . I love Iron Maiden , but this album was the beginning of the end of their flowering as the world 's preeminent rock band .
 First of all , let me preface this by saying that Iron Maiden is my favorite metal band -- actually , my favorite band of any genre -- of all time . But , simply put , this bombs . Perhaps it was rushed , perhaps it was affected by personnel shifts , -LRB- Janick Gers replaced Adrian Smith on this one , BTW , Gers is a fine guitarist and I do n't blame him for it , -RRB- or perhaps Maiden was just going for something less pretensious , more laid back , than this album 's predecessor , `` Seventh Son ... '' Whatever happened here , this album just is n't worthy of Maiden 's other efforts , even Virtual XI.This album did have its moments , however , -LRB- it IS Maiden , after all . -RRB- Here 's my thoughts , track by track .1 . -RRB- Tailgunner-a decent song . I like this one , but it is n't quite on par with an arena-rocker like `` Run to the Hills . `` 2 . -RRB- Holy Smoke-Probably my favorite of the album . The opening guitars are kind of poppish -- a bit of a departure for the band , but this is just a catchy tune .3 . -RRB- No Prayer For the Dying-Kind of fell flat for me . Not the emotionally moving song that Harris was trying to write .4 . -RRB- Public Enema Number One-A fairly strong number , but , again , not on par with some of Maiden 's other songs .5 . -RRB- Fate 's Warning-mediocre .6 . -RRB- The Assassin-I actually like this one simply because it 's a bit different . Not too heavy , kind of the less is more principle .7 . -RRB- Run Silent , Run Deep-mediocrity , but Bruce really sings his head off in the chorus and strengthens the song somewhat .8 . -RRB- Hooks in You-Ugghh . If it were n't for this song , I would have rated the album three stars . There 's just no excuse for this . This would be filler material on a Poison or Motley Crue album and has no business whatsoever on a Maiden album .9 . -RRB- Bring Your Daugther ... To The Slaughter . Got ta like this one . Good-ol-fashioned metal and showed Bruce 's ability to write straight up horror metal which was evident on his solo project `` Accident of Birth . `` 10 . -RRB- Mother Russia-OK , but not a closer epic like `` Rime of The Ancient Mariner . `` I 'm not unrecommending this disk . As I think I 've already pointed out , this one at least had some decent songs . If you 're a huge Maiden fan , you 'll want to buy this one . However , for someone who is introducing him/herself to Maiden , try `` Seventh Son ... '' `` Brave New World , '' or `` Powerslave . ''
 THE BAND
 THE BAND
 I gave this album another listen the other day , and I remembered why this is my least favorite Maiden album . While albums like Piece of Mind and Powerslave offered intelligent , imaginative lyrics , Maiden often resorts to cliche here . Subject matter varies from the atypical heavy metal attack on televangelists -LRB- `` Holy Smoke '' -RRB- to an uninspired song about aerial combat -LRB- `` Tailgunner '' -RRB- . By the way , `` Tailgunner '' is a carbon copy of `` Aces High '' from Powerlave . `` Mother Russia '' is Maiden 's inevitable attempt at a history lesson . It is even more formulaic than `` Alexander the Great '' from the Somewhere in Time album -LRB- another stinker -RRB- , and is definitely tacked on . They are not nearly as musically ambitious as they were on past efforts . It used to be that Maiden kept you guessing , but the music on No Prayer for the Dying is so predictable it is depressing . This album lacks hooks , melody , and Bruce Dickinson 's formidable vocal range is never even challenged . The only reason to buy this album is to fill out a collection . If you are looking for great music , get Piece of Mind , Powerslave , or Live After Death . Listen to Maiden in its glory , and you will realize why this album is so embarassing .
 Iron Maiden fans either love this album or hate it - there does n't seem to be much middle ground . I 'm in the camp that dislikes this album . To me it just seemed so uninspired and boring . I was n't looking for synths or keyboards , but I was looking for more of the same quality songwriting that the previous seven albums had in spades.This album also marks the departure of Adrian Smith and the addition of Janick Gers . Janick 's been in the music business for years and is a very good guitarist . He did great in Gillian , Gogmagog , White Spirit , and Bruce 's first solo album , but in my opinion , he was n't a good fit for a technical band like Iron Maiden.To me Adrian 's co-written song `` Hooks in You '' is the one of the few bright spots on the album . The other good tracks are `` Tailgunner '' and `` No Prayer for the Dying . '' The rest to me just is n't good Iron Maiden . There 's always going to be a snag here and there for every band . This one just happens to be Iron Maiden 's snag.I find that when an album you have n't heard before is mercilously bashed , you tend to go into it expecting it to be some of the worst stuff you 've ever heard . And then when you actually sit down and listen to it , you come away thinking it was n't half bad . But in this case , it was 1990 , and I was expecting another killer album from one of my favorite bands . Instead , I found it fell far short of my expectations . Even today , while I have the album in my collection , I do n't go back to it often .
 I wanted to like it but I still did n't . Lyrics , instruments , vocals are all bad . Fear of the Dark is when they shows potential again and it 's a decent album , way better than No Prayer for the Dying . Adrian leaving the band was probably part of the reason why they went downhill . The '90s was a bad time for Iron Maiden and it would take until Brave New World for them to recover all the way . Even legends like Iron Maiden have made mistakes in their career . No Prayer For The Dying is by far , their worst with Bruce and the 2nd worst only to Virtual XI . However I 've grown to like a few tracks like Tailgunner , The Assassin and Run Silent Run Deep but the rest is forgettable . It 's a bad album overall but not horrible .
 Weak songwriting and production
 `` No Prayer for the dying '' , what can I say about it ? , well , for me is a regular album , of course , it ins ' t as good as `` Powerslave '' or `` Fear of the Dark '' , but it 's a Maiden CD anyway , `` Tailgunner '' and `` Bring your daughter to the slaughter '' are good songs , so , if you 're a true fan this album ca n't miss in your collection !
 This album is absolutely appalling . By any other act at the time it would have been deemed passable , but by the high standards set by Maiden it is an absolute turkey . There is not one track which comes even close to anything else on any previous Maiden album . I do n't know what went wrong here but the entire band sound like imposters !! I was dumbstruck by how bad it was when I first bought it . I have been a Maiden fan for two decades and this CD was the nadir for me . Thankfully things have improved greatly since . Take heed and avoid this CD like you would a case of the black death .
 I 'm a Maiden fan . Not a stupid one , admiring the musicians , thinking they are Gods , but admiring their metal music , their freedom of compositions , their charismatic live performance . So , when I bought this album , I felt betrayed . And it was only the first of a sucession of decisions taken by the band , that would leave fans astonished in times to come ... Ok , Adrian Smith had left the band . It was a sad blow , but who could ever assume that the replacement , Janick Gers , would be so bad ? With his acceptance , gone were the great duo guitar-solos , gone wer the carefully constructed solos that Smith used to compose . Then , Steve Harris assumed production . WHo could have guessed that him , the father of Maiden , would screw up the production , making a raw album sounding like a garage recording ? Then , the songs . Horrrible , uninspired . `` BRING YOUR DAUGHTER . . '' is disgusting , `` HOOKS IN YOU '' is a sad reminiscence of what Bruce and ADrian intended to lead Maiden . After this album , another bad suprises to fans , like horrible singer Blaze Bayley and the awful albuns `` X-FACTOR '' and `` VITUAL ELEVEN '' . Well , skip this one .
 Okay , I 'm not sure what happenned here I bought this one though and tried really hard to `` get into '' it . This was the album that made me realize that my love for `` Iron Maiden '' The Band , was not as strong as my Love for `` Iron Maiden '' the music . This album is a huge step down from thier traditional sound . They totally break thier promise which I read years earlier in a tour book of I.E. `` trying to avoid the AC-DC sound '' . They went from the intelligent lyrics , and sound of 7th son to this almost sell out sound .
 In a word , awful . This CD contains three decent hit singles in `` Holy Smoke '' , `` Tailgunner '' and `` Bring Your Daughter ... To The Slaughter '' and another catchy tune in the aptly-named `` Hooks In You '' . Stupid and derivative lyrics and substandard musicianship aside -LRB- not that they play them bad , but these are songs where a band like Maiden can just `` phone it in '' -RRB- , all are good enough to make you hum along with repeated listens . Too bad they 're surrounded by turkeys like `` Mother Russia '' , `` Fates Warning '' , `` Public Enema Number One '' , `` Run Silent , Run Deep '' and `` The Assassin '' . The title track is acceptable , although it 's basically the blueprint for `` Afriad To Shoot Strangers '' on the following album -LRB- and `` Strangers '' is better -RRB- . And what 's up with Bruce Dickenson 's voice ? He sounds like he 's been gargling battery acid and chain smoking unfiltered pieces of tire rubber . I would call this the weakest album they 've ever done.Also , a comment on the revamped cover - why did they edit out the guy with the lantern looking into the grave ? On the original cover , Eddie was grabbing the guy 's throat . Now he just seems to be clutching empty air . Plus the coloring is drastically different between the two covers . Go to a used CD store and find the original -LRB- I guarantee there 'll be PLENTY of them there -RRB- and see what I mean !
 Mellow , artificial singer - average songwriter . Listen to `` All The Wild Horses '' A work of simple genius . The rest are all immediately forgettable.Dylan . . ?! Morrison . . ?! Yeah , right , we should be so lucky . This generation is so desperate for a new Dylan , they try to create one every few years .
 If you like Eric Clapton 's brand of fake blues and rock , then this is for you.One can picture LaMontagne hunched over his guitar , eyes clenched shut , with a forced look of pained intensity on his face , as he croaks out his trite , insipid lyrics . Like Clapton .
 I ordered Trouble thinking I was getting a CD - but instead received a record -LRB- I no longer have a record player -RRB- did n't realize they even made records anymore . Duh !!! Shirley
 I never heard of R. Lamontagnebefore I was buying a Gatemouthcd and Amazon pushed his cd with5 star reviews , so I said maybeanother wonderful musician I missed.No , he 's not . All the songs areslow , boring , whiney , nasallysung tributes to Satan and Evil , masquerading as blues.Satan is on the jacket , in theblurb inside , and in songsas the hero . At least RobertJohnson got some talent for his soul , Ray got Nuttin . Avoid this10 song lemon .
 I decide to write a review as this is a piss poor product . I am looking for CD that I could play in my player that I along with friends could sign along to , not just music .
 Decent CD , not all that its hyped up to be , definately gets boring after awhile but if you like 80 's hair bands , the singer sounds a lot like them and this cd would be good for you .
 This Carmen is the worst I know , it looks that I love this opera and I have nothing more , nothing less , than 25 video versions of Bizet 's masterpiece . Just the facts : The mezzo-soprano Nino Surguladze -LRB- Nino writes to it -RRB- has a strident voice , gets to be boring , annoying sometimes . The Guria is pretty , but does not show the sensuality , the role requires that the Roma . Have two expressions in her repertoire , sad and happy , his character is cold , monotonous and dull . Dona Carmen Surguladze watch with Luciana Bueno and learn how one interprets the gypsy.Carmen has to leave the men urchins , horny , crazy , willing to go to bed with her . Surguladze makes them run away , thus acting , even with Viagra.The tenor Phillipe strives to Do , but his Don Jos&eacute; has metallic voice , sings in the race , he lacks technique . His timbre is opaque , scenic reasonable performance , hampered by voice . Still I find an oriental who sings well.The baritone Simone Alberghini -LRB- I know , no use complaining , he 's even Simone , I checked in the catalog -RRB- is lost in the toreador aria . It has material for vocal works , his serious lack luster , lack the strength of the matador . Miss Paulo Szot.The recording was made by Sferisterio Opera Festival in Macerata , 2008 . Scenarios almost nonexistent , costumes transported to the mid-twentieth century , without adult choir pitch , children 's choir lost . The dialogues are characteristic of `` opera comique '' were replaced by recitatives , where I think the original shape more interesting . Dance scenes reminiscent of a tango , the story takes place in Spain , nothing against `` los hermanos '' but each dance in its place.The orchestra does not , is at the base , often bureaucratic . The only thing that saved in the midst of so much badness is the soprano Irina Lungu . His voice combines with the dark heart of the character Micaela . For the first time I see powerful voice , thick and bulky for a character who is usually light and lyrical.Friends , shelf them . This deserves to be trampled by a wild bull of a thousand pounds.PORTUGUESE : Essa Carmen &eacute; a pior que conheo , olha que eu adoro essa &oacute;pera e tenho nada mais , nada menos , que 25 verses em v&iacute;deo da obra prima de Bizet . Vamos aos fatos :O mezzo-soprano Nino Surguladze -LRB- escreve-se Nino mesmo -RRB- tem voz estridente , chega a ser chata , irritante muitas vezes . A guria &eacute; bonitona , mas no mostra a sensualidade , a atuao que a cigana exige . Tm em seu repert&oacute;rio duas expresses , triste e alegre , sua personagem &eacute; fria , mon&oacute;tona e sem graa . Dona Surguladze assista a Carmen com a Luciana Bueno e aprenda como se interpreta a cigana.Carmen tem que deixar os homens ouriados , com teso , malucos , com vontade de ir para a cama com ela . Surguladze os faz sair correndo , atuando assim , nem com Viagra . O tenor Phillipe Do at&eacute; se esfora , mas seu Don Jos&eacute; tem voz met&aacute;lica , canta na raa , carece de t&eacute;cnica . Seu timbre &eacute; opaco , atuao cnica razo&aacute;vel , prejudicada pela voz . Ainda vou achar um oriental que cante bem.O bar&iacute;tono Simone Alberghini -LRB- j&aacute; sei , no adianta reclamar , ele se chama Simone mesmo , conferi no cat&aacute;logo -RRB- perde-se na &aacute;ria do toreador . No tem material vocal para a empreitada , seus graves no tm brilho , falta a fora do toureiro . Saudades do Paulo Szot.A gravao foi realizada pelo Sferisterio Opera Festival em Macerata , 2008 . Cen&aacute;rios quase inexistentes , figurinos transportados para a metade do s&eacute;culo XX , coro adulto sem afinao , coro infantil perdido . Os di&aacute;logos caracter&iacute;sticos da `` opera comique '' foram substitu&iacute;dos pelos recitativos , sempre acho a forma original mais interessante . Cenas de dana lembram um tango argentino , a hist&oacute;ria se passa na Espanha , nada contra `` los hermanos '' , mas cada dana em seu lugar.A orquestra no compromete , fica no b&aacute;sico , muitas vezes burocr&aacute;tica . A &uacute;nica coisa que se salva no meio de tanta ruindade &eacute; o soprano , Irina Lungu . Sua voz escura combina com a coragem da personagem Micaela . Pela primeira vez vejo voz potente , densa e volumosa para uma personagem que geralmente &eacute; leve e l&iacute;rica.Amigos , prateleira neles . Essa merece ser pisoteada por um touro bravo de mil quilos.Ali Hassan Ayache
 This is ridiculous music . It literally sounds like a group of 3-year olds banging away on musical instruments.It 's a joke .
 I wish I could give an enthusiastic endorsement for this recording , especially after hearing the very enjoyable Madama Butterfly also on Laserlight . But it was not to be this time . When Don Jose is outsung by Escamillo , it is time to complain . The title role is regrettably not a success either . The orchestral playing , choral singing and sound quality are at least OK . I think for a few dollars more there are several better choices , not the least of which would be the early Karajan set .
 This album is unnecessary -- the covers are uninteresting because they add nothing to the originals .
 this is not rap . not rapper tech n9ne from kansas city . cover is a about 40 white guys standing in a field . probably wack . the actual title of this cd is tech-9 .
 I purchased this CD after reading several of the reviews and generally liking TMBG myself . I must say I am quite disappointed with this CD . The music is , in my opinion , not engaging in the least and strikes me as way too complex for small children . Nothing on this album `` stuck with me '' in the sense that I did not walk away humming any of the songs after hearing them . In fact , I found a few songs to be so unappealing I either felt like I could n't wait for them to end or I just forwarded to the next track quickly . I do consider myself to have a fairly eclectic taste when it comes to music and was surprised by my aversion to this CD . My recommendation is to consider this only for older children , say age 6 or more and , if possible , try before you buy .
 Most of these songs could have been on Apollo 18 -LRB- my favorite TMBG album by a landslide -RRB- , but they would have been the weak titles on the CD.I found several of the songs to have jarring , dissonant vibes to them which I 'd have to imagine would not appeal to youngsters.A favorite was `` Where do they make balloons '' , which sounds a little as if the Monkees were invited to add a track to `` Revolver '' . That is certainly one any child will enjoy and any parent could hum along to . . well , at least a few times.I 'll come back to my love of Apollo 18 . That is a better children 's CD than this one ... in part because it has dozens of very short songs that are silly and appealing in a Sendak vein -LRB- or quickly over -RRB- . There is not a child 's song on `` NO ! '' which compares to `` Mammal '' or `` Dinner Bell '' from that collection .
 This CD is trying way way too hard to be cool . Not fun to listen to for kids OR adults . I love ` cooler ' kids music , but this CD is just plain annoying . Instead I recommend Dan Zanes -LRB- formerly of the Del Fuegos -RRB- or Justin Roberts for kids music that parents can enjoy .
 Was disappointed in this , and only found `` Fibber Island '' to be the only really good catchy tune.Although I do applaud TMBG for going with Amazon and allowing their music to go DRM Free -LRB- thank you !!! -RRB- .
 I hate to write a negative review of a CD with such amazing music , but it 's absolutely unusable.I can play the music , but only song-by-song , using a very annoying flash interface . It does not play correctly in several CD players I 've tried -LRB- it 's not scratched ; it takes the CD players multiple minutes to find the tracks and then often ca n't play tracks 1-3 -RRB- ; and on a computer , Winamp , Real Player , and other programs ca n't find the music to play it directly.It 's a darn shame . I bet a lot of people would love this CD , but its `` special features '' make it all but useless .
 I 'm a big TMBG fan , and usually enjoy their brand of child-like kitsch . But here they cross the line between child-like and childish . The fact that they are capable of so much more , and are clearly doing this on purpose , does n't change the fact that this album is terrible . You might as well go out and buy a Barney CD . It would sound about the same .
 While I have enjoyed previous TMBG cds this one is just not working for eithe me or my son . He screams if I put it on , and not a good scream.The songs feel a little forced and boring , often they do n't even seem like kids songs more like songs no one would like .
 This CD is not for kids . The songs are `` too '' off the wall -LRB- a bit too weird for my tastes -RRB- and I am afraid my kids were running to hit the eject button on the CD player . I hope this is not the way children 's music is going .
 Hey , Giants ... great name for a kid 's act , but the music does n't hold up ... with all the preachy driven music out there , why keep contributing to it ? You all should have had the hop factor to ust make your style of music for kids ... not even a good try ... love your grown up material ... maybe just stick to that ?
 FIrst of all , I would never let me kid hear this stuff . It 's just downright scary . That 's one thing , but the main reason is it sounds like it was made for kids . Kid 's music does n't have to sound like it was made for them . It should just be good music that appeals to kids and , ideally , their parents too . My kid likes the Beatles and Jimi Hendrix so , believe me , I have no fear of playing heavy material . This is just plain bad .
 I read all those rave reviews , listened to the songs ... I just do n't get it ! All I can say is `` You 've Got To Be Kidding ! '' this is the biggest bunch of c -- p I have EVER heard ! I wouldnt take it if it was FREE ! Save you money folks . . even the worst children 's music I 've heard does n't compare to this and there is some real garbage out there ! I gave it one star because there was n't anything LESS !
 The two man band of John Linnell and John Flansburgh had endeared itself to me for their quirky , off-kilter lyrics and shrewd pop sensibilities on tracks like `` Birdhouse in Your Soul '' and `` Your Racist Friend '' in the past , so I thought that a children 's album by them might be a way to build a bridge between my young son and myself musically . Since they had done songs in the past like `` Particle Man '' and `` Constantinople '' that were kid-friendly , I was expecting good things from this . Unfortunately , too often this just does n't deliver.It fails primarily because of a lack of solid easy-to-sing hooks . . something absolutely essential if you 're wanting to appeal to the smaller set -LRB- Cases in point
 I purchased this for my kids after listening to the short clips here on Amazon . I think the short clips where the best parts of the album . Fibber island and a couple others are alright , but my toddlers were not impressed with any of the songs.The annoying part is that this is one of those enhanced/flash/copy protected CDs . The flash program/cartoon video interface might be fun to some people , but it just a pain to most people . My kids have those Blue Hat Toy Company MP3 players and these type of CDs make it annoying to get the music copied over to them . With a normal CD you can just drag and drop the music over to the MP3 player -LRB- since the mp3 player looks like a simple storage drive -RRB- . With this `` enhanced '' CD you have to bother with importing into iTunes or Windows media player , and then `` rip '' or `` sync '' it over to the mp3 player . Then if do not want this album taking up space on your hard drive , or shuffled in with your `` grown up '' music , you have to delete it . Not that big of a deal , its just annoying , and I guess its my fault for not seeing that the format listed on amazon 's web site did say that it was enhanced . I will be double checking from now on though . It does seem to play fine on the CD player we have in the house , but you can read some reviews on here from people who have complained that this CD does n't play correctly on their CD players.My advice to anyone in the music -LRB- and movie -RRB- industry is to stop trying to copy protect everything . If you annoy the people who actually purchase your product with copy protection crap that interferes with normal use of the product , they will stop buying your product . Besides , if copy protection history has shown us anything its that if someone really wants to copy something they will figure out a way to do it regardless to of what lengths are taken to stop it.So knock it off already ... By the way , those $ 25 Blue Hat Toy Company MP3 players have been great so far -LRB- two months now -RRB- . The kids drag and drop them all day long , and they keep right on playing .
 I 'm a long-time fan , having gotten hooked by Lincoln in 1989 . I am not the type of fan that thinks everything TMBG produces is gold , and I find that every other album has two songs that I 'm not particularly fond of , and two songs that I outright skip to avoid listening to . -LRB- Be honest , how often do you find yourself `` singing along '' to # 13 off of Misc . T ? -RRB- This album has hit an all time low for me by having an equal number of songs I love , songs I hate , and ones I think are just bland . Here 's how the disc stacked up for me : Fibber Island
 I happen to be a big fan of They Might Be Giants . FLOOD is one of my favorite albums of all time . So of course I jumped at the chance to buy this one for my kids.Unfortunately , with the exception of `` Do n't Cross The Street , '' most of these songs are regular TMBG songs that just happen to have kid-oriented phrases in the lyrics or the titles.There are some great , edgy kid albums out there . I recommend the fringy Music For Aardvarks line of recordings.But this one did n't cut it -- especially with my four-year-old .
 This is a compilation of Phyllis Dillon 's recordings - not a `` tribute '' in the sense of people recording covers of her recordings.Sure , there are 29 songs - almost 80 minutes of music - but the sound quality is poor . It is not the worst I 've ever heard , it is not like an old Ma Rainey or scratchy Billie Holiday recording , but there is not credit given for remastering , and I think it is safe to assume that these recordings , from 1966-1971 , were NOT digitally remastered.The music is OK , Dillon is not particularly Soulful or vocally dynamic , but it is some pleasant Reggae/Jamaican-style music . The booklet includes an essay by Mike Atherton and a few photos .
 this is a rip off of johan gielen - beauty of silence and some other tracks , and some very cheesy lyrics and unoriginal beats , stay clear of this
 I bought all the Atomic Rooster albums as they were issued , beginning in 1969 . Each one got progressively worse as the band went through personnel and stylistic changes with every album . This final album -LRB- issued as ATOMIC ROOSTER IV in the U.S. , even though it was their 5th album -RRB- just hits the dirt . 60 's R&B ; singer Chris Farlowe is still around for this album , unfortunately , and really drags it down . Chris Farlowe singing songs about Satan ? Gim me a break . By this time , Atomic Rooster had completely made the transformation from prog/hard rock band to dull prog/blues band . The only decent thing here is their cover version of `` Voodoo In You , '' which raises the rating to 2-stars . The Rooster re-grouped in the 1980 's with earlier members and recorded a decent album . NICE & GREASY remains their least-successful release .
 I had high hopes that this would be a cool album , as I am a huge Police fan . However , I was quite dissappointed.All of the tracks pretty much sound the same , with uninteresting electronic rhythms and uninspired vocals , completely the opposite of the original creations of The Police . This album is , in my opinion , a great disservice to the amazing catalog of music produced by The Police.It 's too bad that today 's ` alternative ' artists do n't put together a proper Police tribute album , as they are the folks that have really been influenced by The Police .
 This CD is available only by special order . Do n't bother . The sound is very bad and the performances are lethargic . Laserlight , owned by Delta , produced many great CDs at extremely low prices . My first three CDS were all Laserlight and I still have all three and enjoy them very much . But this Laserlight came out many years later and it is a real bomb .
 The only redeeming feature of this album is a cover with cheesy but cool artwork . Any ability of the band is vastly overshadowed by the indescribably irritating vocals that are like a migraine-by-stereo . I hated this album when it came out , and it has n't improved with age .
 I found a copy of this after reading the review , After listening to it I was disappointed , the guitar is weak . The vocals are alright , the horns seem to take the lead instead of the guitar . The songs are also weak nothing that really catches your ear . I also have his other cd -LRB- Bent Out Of Shape -RRB- it is a little better , overall if I had heard them before buying , I would not have bought either . This must be why he only has two cd 's out . Like always this is just my opinion .
 This disk is not indicative of Josh Wink 's later , and more developed , work . If you want to hear him at a much higher level , check out Profound Sounds Vol . 1 and the supremely enjoyable and detailed Profound Sound Vol . 2 , which I think is his best studio work . Prof.Sound Vol . 3 is okay , but not as good as Vol . 1 and definately inferior to Vol . 2 . `` Hearhear '' sounds like he was experimenting with what a drum machine can do . None of the tracks are innovative , or even interesting . Wink live in clubs is something to behold . You wo n't forget it , but this cd will leave you wondering what all the attention is about . Borrow from a friend .
 this album reeked of josh trying to live up to his reputation ... it 's a tidy little collection of ditty-bop techno tunes without heart - except maybe `` sixth sense . '' the appearance of trent reznor is gratuitous at best , and frankly , it sounds to me like josh got shoved out of the studio when trent was ushered in . i had high hopes for this album , especially considering the quality of everything else ovum 's put out so far , and all the times i 've seen josh 's sets live . better luck with the sophomore effort .
 This is not a particularly well-crafted work . There is precious little variety in rhythms and almost no melody to speak of . If that crazy beating rave scene is your cup of tea , you might do OK . Those looking for a challenging collection of electronic music could do much better . Beeps and bass sounds are often so similar that it can seem not only like the tracks were made on the same keyboard but also on the same settings . Reznor adds trademark dissonance but helps only marginally . `` Sixth Sense '' is the worst `` techno '' song I have ever heard .
 I was very disappointed with this instructional video . The background is pitch black and the male dancer wears black pants and shoes , so you can barely see what he is doing from the waist down , which is very important to see in order to learn . -LRB- Whole point of the video , no ? -RRB- Each step is only done once or twice , so you 'd have to rewind over and over until you get it . Do n't buy it ! It 's a waste of money . It is two disembodied heads floating around the screen .
 After giving up on Megadeth , I thought this album would mark the return of Dave playing heavy music . Good assumption that since Dave is not singinging he would be playing more guitar . Wrong !!! I could stand only one listen , and traded this cd to the used section . I traded in both Megadeth 's Cryptic Writings and this terrible cd . I saw Megadeth about five years ago , and they were terrible . They had thin sounding guitars , played mostly post Rust material and had the nerve to play an extremely short set with two encores . The World Needs a Hero may be a step back to their heavy sound , but I am too scared to find out . Megadeth / Dave Mustains has just released way too much dung . They are desperately in need of another Rust or Peace Sells .
 Lee Ving 's vocals are okay , buy Dave Mustaine 's version is the one you want . The other also has better mixing , guitars and drums , and not so much bass .
 this cd is probably the WORST CD i bought in 1998 . the only song that 's ok on this album is full cooperation . They got too many damn skits , and they put def squad delight , which was already on In tha beginning ... there was rap . That song takes up a good 7 minutes and the skits take up around 15 , so all you got is 30 mins of wannabe hard-core rap . Most of the beats are wack , and the lyrics do n't express anything . The best part of the CD is the bonus CD `` survival of the illest vol . 3 '' which has demos of some upcoming songs , including a method man promo .
 This is the most whack crew i have heard in my life !! I see why they are called Def Squad , because if you listen to their music , you will go def ! HA HA HA !!!!!
 These dudes need to start with the basic and then try to make a record .
 It seems like after Keith Murray 's second album , all of Eric Sermon 's beats just became 2 bass notes and a medium drumbeat . check Meth and Redman 's BlackOut , and Redman 's Doc 's Da Name 2000 for more evidence . Eric Sermon is one of the best and most influential producers ever , but this is n't an example of why . All the emceeing is on point , but without the beats that 's like saying you have a top of the range set of speakers , but a 4 watt system to use them on . Everything needs to be good for an album like this to be a classic .
 I was eagerly awaiting this album and frankly I 'm disappointed . Do n't expect the rest of the album to compare to the two great singles already released , Rapper 's Delight & Full Cooperation . The CD is only 50 minutes in length , and probably 10-15 minutes of that is skits , talking , etc. . Keith Murray gives us his worst rhymes to date and Sermon 's production meanders all over the place from good to terrible . It feels like the album was quickly put together to meet the release date . Overall get it for the two singles but stay away if you do n't like them
 I was sorely disappointed with this DVD . This is in large part because of the sound and picture . This DVD does n't just lack , but fails in both categories . The picture quality is really grainy and the sound is ... well , terrible . It 's poorly mixed and has static throughout.On the plus side if you really like Pearl Jam the track list is really good.However , even with the awesome track list the DVD is not worth my money despite being a big Pearl Jam fan .
 The quality of both the audio and -LRB- especially -RRB- the video ruins any enjoyment this DVD can hope to convey . I could n't get past it , and I refuse to watch a video from a band who claims to call themselves `` artists '' . If they are actually `` artists '' then I believe they should do a better job with the DVD format - a fantastic palette .
 I bought this DVD a while ago , I no longer have it in my possesion and for good reason.To start with I really like Pearl Jam , their is no reason why you should ` nt unless you do n't actually like `` real '' music.Pearl Jam used to be a really good band.Their albums Ten , Vs , Vitolagy , No Code , and Yield are all very good albums each one with a different sound - and a progressed sound as well.And their Live on Two Legs album is ` nt half bad either.But I think since Binuaral , Pearl Jam have become lazy and slack , not only in their live performances but also in their music as well and the quality of there albums.Binuaral would of been a fantastic album -LRB- the album supporting this tour on this DVD -RRB- if the songs had been performed better and Eddie Vedder actually bothered to make a decent effort singing . The whole record sounded muffled and with no real sound that grabbed you like their other albums.The album that followed in 2002 that is Riot Act was just as bad in performance if not worse and in fact its with out a doubt their worst album to date . The tour that supported that record `` Live at the Garden DVD '' was just embaressing and pathetic , and above all else they decided to throw in a giant spinning strobe ball to add to the horrendous occasion.Now onto the DVD.To start off with this is not the real Pearl Jam.Mike McCready -LRB- lead guitarist -RRB- has gotten very fatand Eddie Vedder looks exhausted and tired with a beard , and his singing is just mumbling and shouting with no real emotion.Overall the clips from the 2000 tour are boring and the sort of thing you would want to watch to put you to sleep.The real Pearl Jam , used to be angry and their live performances were intense and they used to sound alot tighter and into it , like they actually cared about what it was they were doing . If you want to see or hear proof in this check out the `` Alive EP '' or `` Even Flow Video Clip `` Now sure you ca n't stay 21 forever and leap around the stage like an idiot , but surely you can mature as a band without being boring or lazy or getting fat !!! Pearl Jam used to be good , but they just do n't know when to call it a day and sadly they have ` nt , they have sold out and have lost themselves fans and people that care about what music they are putting out right now .
 Pearl Jam look like and sound like a typical radio friendly manufactured crap band now , and what the hell is up with Vedder ?!?! This band used to kill onstage and have brilliant music ... now they just suck .
 Well I was A big fan of these guys , but all I see -LRB- and hear -RRB- is a borring prefomance of one of the best rock groups of the 90 ` s. And here I said it . . there is no more thrill nothing to put a smaile on my face , We lost a corner - stone band in the history of rock & roll .
 This new Pearl Jam DVD is AWFUL . Pearl Jam is a mediocre band at best and their live performances are even worse than their recorded . Sure-the DVD has many extras but extras are not enough to make up for the bad music . Eddie has never sounded worse and the rest of the band just comes off as bored and uninspired . I heard PJ is a good live band but I can definitely state otherwise . This DVD is a real stinker . BOOOO
 Wow . . What a terrible DVD . Pearl Jam used to be one of my favorite bands . . but now theyre the biggest joke in music history . Eddie sounded awful on the DVD and the rest of the band came off as bored and uninspired . This DVD is a definite STINKER !!!
 If Pearl Jam really cared about putting out a great live DVD , they should put out something from 1994 or 1995 , their Vitolagy tour days.Talk about boring , they do n't move around much at all these days , and Eddie Vedder is just a shoe starer these days , not much character to his microphone perfromance.The music sounds pretty bad as well , at least compared with their records.Properly a good idea if they rehearse before going on tour .
 I saw them live about a dozen times between 1992-1994 . They were one of the best live bands in the world , EVER ! I have n't seen them in many years live - so I was really looking forward to this DVD . BORING ! They do n't have a fraction of the energy they used to . They are just stand there and play/sing . Not to mention , not doing their most electric performances live LIVE , BLACK , PORCH . But since it 's their only live DVD , it 's better than nothing . If they really cared about their fans , they would release something from 5-10 years ago . I would pay $ 100 to catch that on video .
 Pearl Jam are a great live band , but this tour is just completely bland.The performances look and sound lazy and uninspired , Eddie Vedders voice sounds totally short from to many cigs , and Mike McCready looks very fat.The only highlight is the more energetic European tour montage , with soundtrack.Perhaps they should of included one of those shows instead .
 Pearl Jam are a awesome band , well at least they used to be.They have ` nt made any real bad records although `` Binural '' and `` Riot Act '' are a bit lifeless and dreary on thw whole.This DVD however is awful , the performances are bad , the sound is crap and the band have never looked so boring on stage.Why anyone would of gone to see this tour is beyond any sense.And then you may say , to listen to the music , well if you wanted to do that you might as well just listen to one of their albums , playing live is different.Although if you check out the bonus features , it shows a rather impressive collection of live clips from the european part of the tour , which look far more exciting than the amercian one.Eddie Vedder looks 10 years younger without a beard , Mike McCready looks leaner and the whole band seem to move around alot more with alot more passion and energy.Why they did ` nt just put a show on this DVD from one of the europe shows is jsut ridiculous.What they need to do is release a live DVD from some of their previous tours when they performed like they cared a bit more.Live at the garden 2003 is even worse.Hopefully they 'll release a better DVD one day .
 I read all these five star reviews and expected something awesome but recieved what seems to be no better than a bootleg . Eddie needs to learn how to sing live .
 Um ... I 'd much rather see an older live show when Eddie would actually move a little on stage and had a clear strong voice . This is pretty sloppy and boring . The mix is not great on the music either . I saw them on their first 3 tours and they sounded 1000 times better than this . You could really feel the energy and the tightness . This is just going through the motions , and not that well .
 Pearl jam is an excellent Band , live good expression , good locations , but it is very sad that a band of this quality produces a video concert with a terrible sound quality . It seems that they were playing under the water . If you are really fanatic of Pearl Jam , and you enjoy their CD 's in study , particularly I believe that I lost my money .
 Talk about bootleg recordings
 In Pearl Jams first years , they were an energetic band live on stage , and rather impressive to watch too.I thought this DVD would be alot better than it was , but when I think about it this DVD is quite awful.The setlist is the only thing good about it , if only it had been performed better , things might have been alright!Eddie Vedder -LRB- The Singer -RRB- sounds terrible and the music is performed badly too.One reviewer suggested them rehearsing and I can only agree!Alot of Pearl Jam songs of Yield and No Code are expermimental and kind of ruin what should be a solid setlist , thats not to say that No Code and Yield are bad albums , no way.And Binurals songs are good but sound kind of misrable and boring too , which is a real shame.Don ' t buy it , if you want a good music DVD get U2 `` Go Home '' or the Foo Fighters DVD .
 When Pearl Jam first started out they used to be an awesome band live !!! If you 've seen the video clip to Even Flow , you 'll see Eddie Vedder jumping around like a maniac going nuts full of energy , which represents the music , the same goes for the rest of the band.But I think ever since Vitolagy , Pearl Jam have decided they do n't wan na rock hard anymore , they would rather stand round on stage playing their instruments and be boring and uninteresting.I bought this DVD and thought it would be good , but it aint.The Music is ` nt performed well and Eddie Vedders singing is just blurted out tuneless mumbling and blabber.And Eddie Vedder should shave his beard off and leave it shaved off , beacuse on this DVD he looks like he 's 100 years old.The Live at the Garden DVD , is ` nt much better in fact its worse than this one , Pearl Jam are not great anymore they are boring , apart from certain songs off their records since Vitolagy .
 Pearl Jam are a awesome band , and I 'm a huge fan ever since TOTD and Ten.They have n't made any real bad records.This DVD however is awful , the performances are bad , the sound is crap and the band have never looked so boring on stage.Why anyone would of gone to see this tour is beyond any sense . And then you may say , to listen to the music , well if you wanted to do that you might as well just listen to one of their albums , playing live is different.Although if you check out the bonus features , it shows a rather impressive collection of live clips from the european part of the tour , which look far more exciting than the american one.Eddie Vedder looks 10 years younger without a beard , Mike McCready looks leaner and the whole band seem to move around alot more with alot more passion and energy . Why they did n't just put a show on this DVD from one of the europe shows is just ridiculous . What they need to do is release a live DVD from some of their previous tours when they performed like they cared a bit more .
 Poorly recorded radio performances from Crosby and Sinatra are the basis of this set . -LRB- The words `` Archive Recordings '' on the front of this CD should have warned me . -RRB- While the two Armstrong cuts are fine , particularly the funny `` Zat You Santa Claus ? '' they do n't merit your purchase of this CD . Get the originals and skip this `` budget '' set .
 At first I 've got carried away with all the big stars that appear in this album , I bought it and when I got home the first thing I did was to hear it ... what a disgrace!I ca n't believe such a miserable sound quality , besides practically there is no orchestration , this is an air recording from 1945 , do not waiste your money!P.D
 I do not find this British folk group from the 60 's interesting or original at all . Their vocal harmonies emulated American Folk groups such as Peter , Paul & Mary , Brothers Four , and Kingston Trio , and their guitar playings utilized primarily Merle Travis ' finger-picking style . In such songs like The Times They Are A-Changing , Mr Tambourine Man , Girl from the North Country , It Ai n't Me Babe , the male lead did a poor clone study of Bob Dylan . I would have given this CD three stars if the sound engineer did a better job in remastering the sound . For Americans who are interested in original-sounding British Folk music from the same era , I strongly recommend groups like the Pentangles , Fairport Convention , Magna Carta , Amazing Blondel , and Gryphon .
 My comments have nothing to do with music , only production . I have received , and returned , two sets of these for an inexcusable manufacturing defect . In both sets , the disk that said it contains symphonies 4 & 5 actually contains 1 & 2 . The label was misprinted . How many more sets are out there like this ? How many returns will it take to get a correct one from Amazon ? Shame on DG !
 Like a previous reviewer , the set I purchased is defective . The disc labeled 4 and 5 plays 1 and 2 . Despite lengthy correspondence dating from April 06 with Deutsche Grammophone , they have not sent me a replacement . Needless to say , I have not bought a DG product since and may never again . A shame , since I had my eye on the Karajan Beethoven DVD set . I had the impression that DG had a high reputation for quality despite high prices . I am dissapointed to learn that only the latter is true .
 These are wonderful recordings . The noise reduction , though , sounds like the 1980s CEDAR system that has the effect of putting the sound through a flanger -- there is a shifting equalization contour that gets automatically set off by something in the recording . It is extremely unaesthetic tonally . No credit is given anywhere on the album of the restoration engineers or methods . I will see if I can find these recordings on Pearl or other reliable label .
 Future Sound of London 's Lifeforms and Dead Cities were two of the truly original records to come out of the mid - '90s techno boom . A decade later , FSOL have finally released not one but two follow-ups . Too bad they have changed their sound to something tantamount to Yanni.Actually , FSOL 's Garry Cobain and Brian Dougans have been releasing material under the Amorphous Androgynous alter-ego for years , but now it seems to be the primary focus of their efforts . And even on their FSOL works , you could hear prog influences
 FSOL 's love child and experimental album `` Isness and Otherness '' -LRB- under the name Amorphous Androgynous -RRB- is the culmination of two hard facts
 It was a joke for a friends birthday . I would no more listen to this than I would to a whole ablum of saw playing .
 This band should not be confused with the band `` The Bears '' which features Adrian Belew of King Crimson fame . It is another band of the same name .
 this cd is probably the WORST CD i bought in 1998 . the only song that 's ok on this album is full cooperation . They got too many damn skits , and they put def squad delight , which was already on In tha beginning ... there was rap . That song takes up a good 7 minutes and the skits take up around 15 , so all you got is 30 mins of wannabe hard-core rap . Most of the beats are wack , and the lyrics do n't express anything . The best part of the CD is the bonus CD `` survival of the illest vol . 3 '' which has demos of some upcoming songs , including a method man promo .
 This is the most whack crew i have heard in my life !! I see why they are called Def Squad , because if you listen to their music , you will go def ! HA HA HA !!!!!
 These dudes need to start with the basic and then try to make a record .
 It seems like after Keith Murray 's second album , all of Eric Sermon 's beats just became 2 bass notes and a medium drumbeat . check Meth and Redman 's BlackOut , and Redman 's Doc 's Da Name 2000 for more evidence . Eric Sermon is one of the best and most influential producers ever , but this is n't an example of why . All the emceeing is on point , but without the beats that 's like saying you have a top of the range set of speakers , but a 4 watt system to use them on . Everything needs to be good for an album like this to be a classic .
 I was eagerly awaiting this album and frankly I 'm disappointed . Do n't expect the rest of the album to compare to the two great singles already released , Rapper 's Delight & Full Cooperation . The CD is only 50 minutes in length , and probably 10-15 minutes of that is skits , talking , etc. . Keith Murray gives us his worst rhymes to date and Sermon 's production meanders all over the place from good to terrible . It feels like the album was quickly put together to meet the release date . Overall get it for the two singles but stay away if you do n't like them
 This is actually a re-release of a CD that originally offered several more tracks , including `` The Twilight Zone '' and a jazzy variation on `` 2001 . `` This version offers no substitutes for the missing tracks , and the new arrangements of the surviving tunes are lifeless interpretations pumped out of a sytnthesized orchestra.The kiddies might like the upbeat tempos , though.Caveat emptor !
 The -LRB- Rather tacky -RRB- disk case and this page say `` Various Artists , '' but DO N'T YOU BELIEVE IT ! In fact everything on here is by Neil Norman and his Cosmic Orchestra , an instrumental rock group that 's been playing cover versions of SF themes for going on 30 years now.I realize saying `` Instrumental rock covers '' makes it sound kind of interesting , but again , DO N'T YOU BELIEVE IT ! The band were , are , and evermore shall be a terrible , terrible band , playing horrible versions of these themes.Worse yet , Norman et al frequently recycle their work as this kind of album without anything on the case to indicate who they are , so if you buy these kinds of anthologies , you can easily get burned and end up buying the same Cosmic Orchestra junk two and three times over , in different forms . -LRB- I , myself , have bought 4 NN&HCO ; albums since 1981 , and it 's always annoying . -RRB- Yeah , yeah , I know
 Disco sci-fi ?? They got to be kidding . Stay away from this mess . The 1 star rating is false . It 's the only way I could get this thru . It 's really a big ZERO .
 You could say it 's a sign of a life well-lived , but the purchase of this album , 16 years ago -LRB- my very first CD ! -RRB- was the biggest disappointment of my life.If you read the packaging , you 'd think you were getting a compilation of some of the best science fiction soundtracks ever . Instead you 're getting ONE LOSER playing ELECTRO-ROCK REMIXES of famous melodies on a CRAPPY SYNTHESIZER.It was the first week of 6th grade , and the store said `` no refunds on opened merchandise '' . Mom would n't buy it back from me so I could spend my money on some magic cards instead.I went to my room and cried .
 Laserlight is the cd equivalent of `` Front Row Features '' in dvd . -LRB- Might make a good `` background score '' for a cheesy sci-fi party , though ... BUYER BEWARE ! -RRB- * P.S.
 This cd contained some bad music overall but some of the really good ones were excellent . So I guess I wouldnt recommend anyone to buy this CD .
 It seems like after Keith Murray 's second album , all of Eric Sermon 's beats just became 2 bass notes and a medium drumbeat . check Meth and Redman 's BlackOut , and Redman 's Doc 's Da Name 2000 for more evidence . Eric Sermon is one of the best and most influential producers ever , but this is n't an example of why . All the emceeing is on point , but without the beats that 's like saying you have a top of the range set of speakers , but a 4 watt system to use them on . Everything needs to be good for an album like this to be a classic .
 I was eagerly awaiting this album and frankly I 'm disappointed . Do n't expect the rest of the album to compare to the two great singles already released , Rapper 's Delight & Full Cooperation . The CD is only 50 minutes in length , and probably 10-15 minutes of that is skits , talking , etc. . Keith Murray gives us his worst rhymes to date and Sermon 's production meanders all over the place from good to terrible . It feels like the album was quickly put together to meet the release date . Overall get it for the two singles but stay away if you do n't like them
 this cd is probably the WORST CD i bought in 1998 . the only song that 's ok on this album is full cooperation . They got too many damn skits , and they put def squad delight , which was already on In tha beginning ... there was rap . That song takes up a good 7 minutes and the skits take up around 15 , so all you got is 30 mins of wannabe hard-core rap . Most of the beats are wack , and the lyrics do n't express anything . The best part of the CD is the bonus CD `` survival of the illest vol . 3 '' which has demos of some upcoming songs , including a method man promo .
 This is the most whack crew i have heard in my life !! I see why they are called Def Squad , because if you listen to their music , you will go def ! HA HA HA !!!!!
 These dudes need to start with the basic and then try to make a record .
 While certainly not among the worst rockstar side projects and in fact quite a refreshing change of pace from the endless navel gazing of REM , one still ca n't help but wonder what the point of this music is . Why not spring for a Stan Getz or John Coltrane or Ben Webster -LRB- or Hugo Montenegro for that matter -RRB- CD and hear the real thing ? Why settle for the ersatz schmaltz which this CD delivers ? This sounds pretty good after the basic ` alternative ' band configuration of bass , drums , guitar and lead singer but then almost anything would . Rock stars parading their influences and good taste in music is a pretty empty exercise and empty is how I would describe this music .
 THIS IS JUST TACKY DISCO FILLER . THEY SHOULD HAVE PACKED IT IN WHEN JIMMY SOMERVILLE LEFT .
 Kerry Livgren is a great musician and composer , no doubt about it , and I have been a huge fan of Kerry and Kansas for almost 40 years . I understand this was a project that he could call his own , as he played all of the music on every instrument . There-in lies the problem ... he is not as skilled as these other instruments as other folks for whom these instruments are their primary focus . This includes of course , the members of the original Kansas . What I heard where rudimentary drums and bass , and most of everything else that that is not guitar or keyboard . Kerry is a great guitarist -LRB- imo -RRB- , and the guitar work is far above the rest of the instruments . Unfortunately , what it sounds like to me , is that he had to limit his compositions to music that he could actually play . None of these compositions compare to the songs he used to write for Kansas . I will keep listening ... and will have it on my shuffle , and hopefully some of the tracks will grow on me .
 In 1967 , All Kooper left to form Blood Sweat and Tear , briging Steve Katz with him . Danny Kalb dropped out of sight . So , only rhythm section Andy Kulberg -LRB- bass & flute -RRB- and Roy Blumenfeld -LRB- drums -RRB- were left to fulfill the Blues Project 's contractual obligation . The new band they formed was Seatrain . This album is really the first Seatrain album . It sounds almost nothing like the Blues Project . Rumor was that the band recorded a bunch of songs that they did n't care for to fill this album , and then went to Capitol and recorded what they wanted to represent Seatrain . A couple of the songs on `` Planned Obsolesence '' are worthy of your time listening , but most are just forgettable . The lead-off track `` If You Got ta Make a Fool of Somebody '' is a radical remake of an early ' 60 's minor top 40 hit that gets your attention . But after that , only a reworking of the old minstrel song `` Turtle Dove '' is really interesting . The album ended originally with a 12 1/2 minute attempt to recreate the magic of the Blues Project 's masterpiece `` Flute Thing , '' but that attempt -LRB- called `` Dakota Recollection '' -RRB- is an aimless , melodyless instrumental jam session built around Andy 's invention , the electrified flute . The CD includes one bonus track `` Gentle Dreams , '' which was a long forgotten non-album single made in the last days of the original Blues Project after Al Kooper left . Fortunately , you can get this bonus track on the superb Blues Project `` Anthology . '' Those who own `` Anthology '' will notice that no tracks from `` Planned Obsolesence '' are included in that 2 CD set . That omission in itself should tell anyone that `` Planned Obsolesence '' is n't really worth your money . If you want to hear Seatrain , you will find much better material available on the various albums recorded under their real name .
 Beware , it 's instrumental . I thought I may spend a nostalgic evening on the porch listening to forgotten melodies . A bitter disappointment .
 I first heard traffic in 72 with low spark thhis is the follow up record it is a lackluster album.try the new winwood cd.mike
 Only one other review for this album -- sad ! Not because this album is great , which it is n't , but because the band itself is great , one of the greatest . If you are impressed by this album , I envy you , because their other albums should completely blow you away . This one is very boring and uninspired by comparison . The unique Obliveon sound is there , but the riffs and arrangements are overly simplistic and go nowhere . I hate to make this accusation , since it gets made all over the place by anyone who does n't like something , but this is obviously a commercial effort . After years of laboring in undeserved obscurity , they were probably looking for a wider audience -- I do n't blame them , but I wish the results were a little more engaging . Or maybe they were running out of inspiration , since they split up not long after this was released
 This album should have been called Renaissance in Disguise . I only bought this because I love Renaissance -LRB- until they betrayed fans with disco/pop -RRB- so I thought I would give it a try . This in no way resembles Renaissance other than the fact that the lead singer went solo . There is no doubt Annie has an angelic voice but the music behind her songs has no depth and is mediocre at best . I agree with another critic 's label of elevator music . I listened to the first few tracks hoping they would have more substance but they were so shallow I started skipping to the next track before one was finished . The only songs that I can actually listen to the whole track are ones written by proven talented composers
 This was one of the biggest disappointments in my music buying history . The first track is acapella which proves she can sing , but we already knew that ; can we have some real rock music please ! Without rock influences around her Annie drifted into some kind of new age lounge act . It sounds like elevator music . There are about 3 songs I liked which is why I gave it 2 stars.I have never been able to listen to the whole CD in one sitting since I bought it . The word Renaissance on the cover is misleading . That is not what you will get here .
 Um ... I 'd much rather see an older live show when Eddie would actually move a little on stage and had a clear strong voice . This is pretty sloppy and boring . The mix is not great on the music either . I saw them on their first 3 tours and they sounded 1000 times better than this . You could really feel the energy and the tightness . This is just going through the motions , and not that well .
 Pearl jam is an excellent Band , live good expression , good locations , but it is very sad that a band of this quality produces a video concert with a terrible sound quality . It seems that they were playing under the water . If you are really fanatic of Pearl Jam , and you enjoy their CD 's in study , particularly I believe that I lost my money .
 Talk about bootleg recordings
 In Pearl Jams first years , they were an energetic band live on stage , and rather impressive to watch too.I thought this DVD would be alot better than it was , but when I think about it this DVD is quite awful.The setlist is the only thing good about it , if only it had been performed better , things might have been alright!Eddie Vedder -LRB- The Singer -RRB- sounds terrible and the music is performed badly too.One reviewer suggested them rehearsing and I can only agree!Alot of Pearl Jam songs of Yield and No Code are expermimental and kind of ruin what should be a solid setlist , thats not to say that No Code and Yield are bad albums , no way.And Binurals songs are good but sound kind of misrable and boring too , which is a real shame.Don ' t buy it , if you want a good music DVD get U2 `` Go Home '' or the Foo Fighters DVD .
 When Pearl Jam first started out they used to be an awesome band live !!! If you 've seen the video clip to Even Flow , you 'll see Eddie Vedder jumping around like a maniac going nuts full of energy , which represents the music , the same goes for the rest of the band.But I think ever since Vitolagy , Pearl Jam have decided they do n't wan na rock hard anymore , they would rather stand round on stage playing their instruments and be boring and uninteresting.I bought this DVD and thought it would be good , but it aint.The Music is ` nt performed well and Eddie Vedders singing is just blurted out tuneless mumbling and blabber.And Eddie Vedder should shave his beard off and leave it shaved off , beacuse on this DVD he looks like he 's 100 years old.The Live at the Garden DVD , is ` nt much better in fact its worse than this one , Pearl Jam are not great anymore they are boring , apart from certain songs off their records since Vitolagy .
 Pearl Jam are a awesome band , and I 'm a huge fan ever since TOTD and Ten.They have n't made any real bad records.This DVD however is awful , the performances are bad , the sound is crap and the band have never looked so boring on stage.Why anyone would of gone to see this tour is beyond any sense . And then you may say , to listen to the music , well if you wanted to do that you might as well just listen to one of their albums , playing live is different.Although if you check out the bonus features , it shows a rather impressive collection of live clips from the european part of the tour , which look far more exciting than the american one.Eddie Vedder looks 10 years younger without a beard , Mike McCready looks leaner and the whole band seem to move around alot more with alot more passion and energy . Why they did n't just put a show on this DVD from one of the europe shows is just ridiculous . What they need to do is release a live DVD from some of their previous tours when they performed like they cared a bit more .
 I was sorely disappointed with this DVD . This is in large part because of the sound and picture . This DVD does n't just lack , but fails in both categories . The picture quality is really grainy and the sound is ... well , terrible . It 's poorly mixed and has static throughout.On the plus side if you really like Pearl Jam the track list is really good.However , even with the awesome track list the DVD is not worth my money despite being a big Pearl Jam fan .
 The quality of both the audio and -LRB- especially -RRB- the video ruins any enjoyment this DVD can hope to convey . I could n't get past it , and I refuse to watch a video from a band who claims to call themselves `` artists '' . If they are actually `` artists '' then I believe they should do a better job with the DVD format - a fantastic palette .
 I bought this DVD a while ago , I no longer have it in my possesion and for good reason.To start with I really like Pearl Jam , their is no reason why you should ` nt unless you do n't actually like `` real '' music.Pearl Jam used to be a really good band.Their albums Ten , Vs , Vitolagy , No Code , and Yield are all very good albums each one with a different sound - and a progressed sound as well.And their Live on Two Legs album is ` nt half bad either.But I think since Binuaral , Pearl Jam have become lazy and slack , not only in their live performances but also in their music as well and the quality of there albums.Binuaral would of been a fantastic album -LRB- the album supporting this tour on this DVD -RRB- if the songs had been performed better and Eddie Vedder actually bothered to make a decent effort singing . The whole record sounded muffled and with no real sound that grabbed you like their other albums.The album that followed in 2002 that is Riot Act was just as bad in performance if not worse and in fact its with out a doubt their worst album to date . The tour that supported that record `` Live at the Garden DVD '' was just embaressing and pathetic , and above all else they decided to throw in a giant spinning strobe ball to add to the horrendous occasion.Now onto the DVD.To start off with this is not the real Pearl Jam.Mike McCready -LRB- lead guitarist -RRB- has gotten very fatand Eddie Vedder looks exhausted and tired with a beard , and his singing is just mumbling and shouting with no real emotion.Overall the clips from the 2000 tour are boring and the sort of thing you would want to watch to put you to sleep.The real Pearl Jam , used to be angry and their live performances were intense and they used to sound alot tighter and into it , like they actually cared about what it was they were doing . If you want to see or hear proof in this check out the `` Alive EP '' or `` Even Flow Video Clip `` Now sure you ca n't stay 21 forever and leap around the stage like an idiot , but surely you can mature as a band without being boring or lazy or getting fat !!! Pearl Jam used to be good , but they just do n't know when to call it a day and sadly they have ` nt , they have sold out and have lost themselves fans and people that care about what music they are putting out right now .
 Pearl Jam look like and sound like a typical radio friendly manufactured crap band now , and what the hell is up with Vedder ?!?! This band used to kill onstage and have brilliant music ... now they just suck .
 Well I was A big fan of these guys , but all I see -LRB- and hear -RRB- is a borring prefomance of one of the best rock groups of the 90 ` s. And here I said it . . there is no more thrill nothing to put a smaile on my face , We lost a corner - stone band in the history of rock & roll .
 This new Pearl Jam DVD is AWFUL . Pearl Jam is a mediocre band at best and their live performances are even worse than their recorded . Sure-the DVD has many extras but extras are not enough to make up for the bad music . Eddie has never sounded worse and the rest of the band just comes off as bored and uninspired . I heard PJ is a good live band but I can definitely state otherwise . This DVD is a real stinker . BOOOO
 Wow . . What a terrible DVD . Pearl Jam used to be one of my favorite bands . . but now theyre the biggest joke in music history . Eddie sounded awful on the DVD and the rest of the band came off as bored and uninspired . This DVD is a definite STINKER !!!
 If Pearl Jam really cared about putting out a great live DVD , they should put out something from 1994 or 1995 , their Vitolagy tour days.Talk about boring , they do n't move around much at all these days , and Eddie Vedder is just a shoe starer these days , not much character to his microphone perfromance.The music sounds pretty bad as well , at least compared with their records.Properly a good idea if they rehearse before going on tour .
 I saw them live about a dozen times between 1992-1994 . They were one of the best live bands in the world , EVER ! I have n't seen them in many years live - so I was really looking forward to this DVD . BORING ! They do n't have a fraction of the energy they used to . They are just stand there and play/sing . Not to mention , not doing their most electric performances live LIVE , BLACK , PORCH . But since it 's their only live DVD , it 's better than nothing . If they really cared about their fans , they would release something from 5-10 years ago . I would pay $ 100 to catch that on video .
 Pearl Jam are a great live band , but this tour is just completely bland.The performances look and sound lazy and uninspired , Eddie Vedders voice sounds totally short from to many cigs , and Mike McCready looks very fat.The only highlight is the more energetic European tour montage , with soundtrack.Perhaps they should of included one of those shows instead .
 Pearl Jam are a awesome band , well at least they used to be.They have ` nt made any real bad records although `` Binural '' and `` Riot Act '' are a bit lifeless and dreary on thw whole.This DVD however is awful , the performances are bad , the sound is crap and the band have never looked so boring on stage.Why anyone would of gone to see this tour is beyond any sense.And then you may say , to listen to the music , well if you wanted to do that you might as well just listen to one of their albums , playing live is different.Although if you check out the bonus features , it shows a rather impressive collection of live clips from the european part of the tour , which look far more exciting than the amercian one.Eddie Vedder looks 10 years younger without a beard , Mike McCready looks leaner and the whole band seem to move around alot more with alot more passion and energy.Why they did ` nt just put a show on this DVD from one of the europe shows is jsut ridiculous.What they need to do is release a live DVD from some of their previous tours when they performed like they cared a bit more.Live at the garden 2003 is even worse.Hopefully they 'll release a better DVD one day .
 I read all these five star reviews and expected something awesome but recieved what seems to be no better than a bootleg . Eddie needs to learn how to sing live .
 this cd is probably the WORST CD i bought in 1998 . the only song that 's ok on this album is full cooperation . They got too many damn skits , and they put def squad delight , which was already on In tha beginning ... there was rap . That song takes up a good 7 minutes and the skits take up around 15 , so all you got is 30 mins of wannabe hard-core rap . Most of the beats are wack , and the lyrics do n't express anything . The best part of the CD is the bonus CD `` survival of the illest vol . 3 '' which has demos of some upcoming songs , including a method man promo .
 This is the most whack crew i have heard in my life !! I see why they are called Def Squad , because if you listen to their music , you will go def ! HA HA HA !!!!!
 These dudes need to start with the basic and then try to make a record .
 It seems like after Keith Murray 's second album , all of Eric Sermon 's beats just became 2 bass notes and a medium drumbeat . check Meth and Redman 's BlackOut , and Redman 's Doc 's Da Name 2000 for more evidence . Eric Sermon is one of the best and most influential producers ever , but this is n't an example of why . All the emceeing is on point , but without the beats that 's like saying you have a top of the range set of speakers , but a 4 watt system to use them on . Everything needs to be good for an album like this to be a classic .
 I was eagerly awaiting this album and frankly I 'm disappointed . Do n't expect the rest of the album to compare to the two great singles already released , Rapper 's Delight & Full Cooperation . The CD is only 50 minutes in length , and probably 10-15 minutes of that is skits , talking , etc. . Keith Murray gives us his worst rhymes to date and Sermon 's production meanders all over the place from good to terrible . It feels like the album was quickly put together to meet the release date . Overall get it for the two singles but stay away if you do n't like them
 While I do appreciate the performing skill of American Brass Band , I have to say that the quanlity of CD one of the worst I have ever seen . Noise -LRB- probably generated at recording process -RRB- almost overwhelms the music . There is no way you can possibly appreciate a CD like that . It is -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- , but still not worth it .
 Love her voice . She was a singer for Renaisance that did unusual rock like albums , but this is all classical music , kinda boring .
 What in the world?Perhaps somebody from DELTA got the bright idea of using a cellphone to secretly capture these `` live '' operatic excerpts -- and not from the orchestra seats , either -- this guy had to be way up in the last row of the third balcony.Luciano Pavarotti only recorded in the `` hi-fi '' music era , yet these cuts almost sound as tinny as Enrico Caruso acoustic cylinders . The only thing missing here is the surface noise -- come to think of it , that might have been an improvement.When it comes to PAVAROTTI * LIVE ON STAGE , the fat lady sang long before the fat man ever did ! A real stinker .
 I agree with the reviewer who said it was boring . Sure the girls are pretty , but cutesy only gets you so far . The coloring of the whole DVD is blue/grey , the vocals are so so , musicianship only passable and the songs forgetabble . The sound is not 5.1 and the format is only 4:3 . Their stage presence is almost non existent . For some reason the crowd is 40ish and very subdued -LRB- might be the performance ? -RRB- . I do n't get why so many rate this high here and on Netflix . It 's not bad but certainly not up to the production value and musicianship of The Eagles , Santana or Michael Buble . Get those instead if you want to see great performances .
 I really do n't see how this dvd has been rated so high by all the others . They probably havent seen many other dvd 's . If you want a great live dvd but dont want it to be too heavy , get Dave matthews band at central park or santana supernatural . Now those are proper live dvd 's with terrific sound and video and excellent musicianship.The Corrs DVD , well , the lead singer looks adorable and her expressions are cute , but then thats about sums up the positives . The sound and video are not top notch like many others seem to believe , it sounds empty , the lighting is horrible , too many quick camera changes , drummer is absolutely boring , she makes Meg White look like Mike portnoy . The guy in the band is just playing single notes on a keyboard most of the times , and strumming some guitar , which he neednt do , cos there are two backup guitarists anyway.And there is hardly any musicianship , its just song after song , boring slow slightly hollow sounding music . Their audio cd 's sound much better . If you are a Corrs fan or something , then go for it , if you were just looking for a good live dvd and u really dont know most of their songs , then look elsewhere .
 The video and audio quality was so poor that I did n't get past the first 5 minutes of this tape . Stay away from it and save 10 bucks .
 Ive got ` thank christ for the bomb ' and think its brilliant !! is this more of the same kind of stuff ?
 Not!What I expected ... Some good stuff - But not what was advertised .
 this cd had potential but the quality is so poor that the money spend on this cd should go to something else .
 Blimey , this recording by whoever claims to be the Gordons was made in 1989 . It sounds flat , out of tune and completely devoid of unison , as if it had been pressed 150 years ago . I have a 1927 Parlophone -LSB- I guess -RSB- in which the Scots Guards sound better and more contemporary than this band that 's trying to destroy the beauty of Scotland 's regimental music.Want a REAL pipe band ? Key in the names `` Strathclyde Police '' , `` Field Marshal Montgomery '' , `` Simon Fraser University '' and click BUY .
 Many good tunes on the CD but the quality of the fidelity is poor . Track # 4 -- the piobaireachd selection is stunning . There are better CDs out there with top notch clarity .
 Poor quality . Extremely disappointed . Avoid this selection
 After going to a Highland Games this year , it occurred to me to get some CDs of bagpipe music , which I 've always loved . Better late than never ! I 've been checking them out of the library to see if I like them before buying . This one is simply awful . There were only 3 tolerable songs out of 14 . Most of them were SO out of tune , and even out of sync with the drums on one track . It sounded more like kids learning to play the bagpipes than like professionals.Also , the CD packaging is bad
 When first playing this disk I was surprised - I had to check the label to make sure I had not picked up something more related to the film score from Mary Poppins . The first and last tracks are much more akin to Dick Van Dyke 's renderings from the Disney classic than the earlier works of Jenkins such as Adiemus.Unfortunately , the rest of the tracks do not make up for the initial disappointment .
 If you might be wondering why this does n't sound much like the original FRIGID PINK ... After the release of the DEFROSTED lp ... All the members -LRB- with the exception of the drummer -RRB- left the band ... He revived the band name to do 2 more albums ... Earth Omen and All Pink Inside ... but they did n't sell.If you want the prime FP and dont want to spend a fortune on the boxed set ... You can snag the first 2 cd 's -LRB- the remaster 1st album and 2nd album are the same as what is in the box set ... forget that 3rd disc . . it is n't the real FP . . -RRB-
 I am till waiting to receive this item , I do n't give an opinion or a reviewmaryvonne
 Willie Nelson has always had a timeless feeling about his music - he is very good at finding the nucleus of a song and breaking it down into that - overprduction has never suited him . That is why albums like Red Headed Stranger worked so well.Teatro could be a great album , but for me it is difficult to get passed the drums that are pushed so far in front of the mix that when played low , that is all you can hear . I think that D. Lanios is a very talented producer who has helped bands like U2 and Peter Gabriel reach thier comercial peaks , but in my opinion Willie Nelson does not need much to get the idea or sound across . At times this sound does work like on `` the Maker '' -LRB- which I think was written by Lanios -RRB- but in others it just sounds like a forced Lanois-styled stamp just so the listeners know that he produced it.As for the positives I think there are some really good playing by all the musicians - Emmylou Harris 's harmonies are very interesting the way she kind of sings a step behind Willie making it feel improvised and fresh . Willie 's guitar solo 's are subtle and beautiful as always - and I think that the remakes of some of the older song are great improvements.Its hard to recommend this album becuase of the production , I wish there was a way to move the drums back in the mix so that the writing and proformances could really come through more . This would have been a five star album if not for this one major flaw . If you are curious about recent Willie Nelson albums I would recommend Across the Borderline -LRB- ' 94 -RRB- which has some great originals and covers as well .
 Like several other reviewers , I 'm a youngish but longtime `` closet '' Willie fan . I knew of Teatro 's critical acclaim , I like a lot of Lanois ' other work , and was expecting to be impressed . Some of the songwriting is lukewarm compared to his classics , but Willie and his guitar work are as fine as ever , and Emmylou Harris ' backup is a perfect fit . But those drums -- a crime ! They are pushed absurdly too far forward in the mix , insisting `` hey listen to me ! ME ! '' Considering how soulless they are , why are they allowed to dominate ? Especially the cymbals are literally nonstop and repetitive , and drove me nuts . I went from primed for a good listening session to drop-jawed disbelief.This is my first review ever , and it 's too bad that it took such a disappointment ! Dig through some of Willie 's back catalog , where he is backed far better , before buying Teatro .
 Poor old Willie must have not gotten the `` good stuff '' from his supplier when recording this album . I 've been a faithfull listener of Willies until this mishap . Whatever happened to the good old stoned out of his mind Willie . Those day 's rocked , now , it does nothing for me .
 This is a real Frankenstein 's monster of a CD . Too mannered , too conscious of its own genre-hoppin ' strangeness . Do n't get me wrong -- the songs are pretty good -LRB- except for Lanois ' New Age nightmare `` The Maker '' -RRB- , but the songs are n't really the point , are they ? Plus , you can clearly see the bolt through Willie 's neck on the back cover shot -LRB- not really -RRB- .
 Emmy Lou is miscast , never a backup , she and Willie do no meld . Willie should stop being the star and let others do their thing . Playing the guitar is one thing , playing it well is another.Stop with all the retros of old songs , just a way to make money . Better look at Lyle Lovett , he is playing , and Writing good Texas music , Being an ICON means you have to maintain a level , this album appears to be commercial , not musically new or inventive . Emmy Lou should be ashamed of her self , her talents are way above this .
 believe me when i say that i am a fan of fusion and definitely a fan of the band blood sweat and tears , which the brecker brothers played in prior to this release . i am a huge fan of early seventies jazz fusion , such as herbie hancock 's headhunters and miles davis ' tribute to jack johnson , so i 'm no stranger to the genre . . maybe the previous reviewers have already been exposed to the brecker brothers music and had a predisposed tendency to like this more than i.imho , i can not honestly tell you that this is a five star album as it has been unanimously rated here on amazon . i had read all these reviews and i guess my expectations fell way short .
 This cd has some great movie themes but the performances are lousy . The `` Red Nash Orchestra '' consists of one person playing all of the parts on a synthesizer . The selections have no orchestral life and very poor depth . Also , some of the arrangements are quite sloppy . Avoid this cd and buy Erich Kunzel/Cincinnati Pops `` Round Up '' . It has great western themes and the lush sound of a great orchestra .
 Ever click on somebody 's crappy web page from 1995 and think `` Jesus Christ , what IS that terrifying sound ! '' ? Well , it was probably a midi ripped from this CD . I think it 's safe to conclude that `` The Ned Nash Orchestra '' is actually some nerd messing around with a synthesizer in his garage . If you 're counting on sweeping renditions of classics this is not for you . Then again this CD is not recommended for anybody who cries easily , suffers with migraines , or values music in general .
 Indeed , the majority of the themes selected in this CD are the greatest and the most memorable western movie themes . The problem is that the sound quality is lousy ! Very disappointing performance !
 The orchestra was small and the instrumention poor . Most of the pieces were short in comparison to the original movie scores , and tempos of some of the pieces were so different from the original movie scores that it made listening frustrating .
 This CD is terrible . The songs sound like they are from Disney 's Electrical Light Parade .
 If you want the words for Wandrin Star just buy the cd or video of Paint Your Wagon
 This disk is not indicative of Josh Wink 's later , and more developed , work . If you want to hear him at a much higher level , check out Profound Sounds Vol . 1 and the supremely enjoyable and detailed Profound Sound Vol . 2 , which I think is his best studio work . Prof.Sound Vol . 3 is okay , but not as good as Vol . 1 and definately inferior to Vol . 2 . `` Hearhear '' sounds like he was experimenting with what a drum machine can do . None of the tracks are innovative , or even interesting . Wink live in clubs is something to behold . You wo n't forget it , but this cd will leave you wondering what all the attention is about . Borrow from a friend .
 this album reeked of josh trying to live up to his reputation ... it 's a tidy little collection of ditty-bop techno tunes without heart - except maybe `` sixth sense . '' the appearance of trent reznor is gratuitous at best , and frankly , it sounds to me like josh got shoved out of the studio when trent was ushered in . i had high hopes for this album , especially considering the quality of everything else ovum 's put out so far , and all the times i 've seen josh 's sets live . better luck with the sophomore effort .
 This is not a particularly well-crafted work . There is precious little variety in rhythms and almost no melody to speak of . If that crazy beating rave scene is your cup of tea , you might do OK . Those looking for a challenging collection of electronic music could do much better . Beeps and bass sounds are often so similar that it can seem not only like the tracks were made on the same keyboard but also on the same settings . Reznor adds trademark dissonance but helps only marginally . `` Sixth Sense '' is the worst `` techno '' song I have ever heard .
 I was disappointed with the cd . I was also disappointed with the fact that the samples of this cd did not match any of the songs on this cd . Almost to the point of being , shall I say `` deceptive '' .
 Following on the heels of Black Rose and recruiting permanent guitarist Snowy White , Lizzy comes into the eighties with a lot of anitcipation for more success and a renewed sense of self-worth , seemingly . The trouble with Chinatown is that Phil Lynott began to branch out into other areas musically and was working on his own first album around the time of the preproduction for this release . While Snowy was a good guitarist in his own right , his placement in the band never quite fit , and the music I think reflects most of these examples of Lizzy 's slow decline . The majority of the songs on this record are played well and most of the arrangements fit within the typical Lizzy mould and I think that 's what this album suffers from
 This CD contains several hit singles , but I am always disappointed by this album . The style is simpler more pop-rock and less hard rocking/melodic than the earlier albums with Brian Robertson . A respectable album , but this would be at the bottom of my Thin Lizzy shopping list -LRB- I own it on vinyl and will not be getting the CD -RRB- . -LSB- Everybody should have a Thin Lizzy shopping list though ! -RSB-
 But let me explain why . And first , something about who it is saying this.I 've been a Thin Lizzy fan since ` Live and Dangerous ' . More than that , a serious Phillip Lynott fan . In addition to having purchased all the original Lizzy albums/CDs -LRB- most , more than once -RRB- , I have many of the compilations , Phil 's two solo albums , the entire Man and His Music Bootleg series , as well as several of the TL DVDs . Additionally , in ' 95 / ' 96 , I dragged my -LRB- then -RRB- girlfriend all the way to Dublin for the 10th annual Vibe for Philo , where -LRB- as member of the Supporters Club -RRB- I had the brief thrill of meeting the band and having a picture taken with Scott , Brian and the rest of what was calling itself Thin Lizzy on the night . So , yeah . I 'm a bit of an obsessive.In that context , I comfortably say that ` Chinatown ' is simply a poor Thin Lizzy album . And the reasons why are n't even complicated . It 's simply the worst collection of songs Phillip ever compiled . One can theorize as how this came to be . The time around Black Rose and his own ` Solo in Soho ' was an especially prolific period of song writing . It was the band 's most successful phase with Gary Moore . Lizzy was one of the few so-called dinosaur bands not being slagged off by the on-coming punks . Things were good.But then the wheels started coming off . Moore left the band again and for good . Worse , the Black Rose recording sessions were when the seriously hard drugs started taking hold of individual members of the band . And as the song said ` Junk wo n't take you far ' . People tend to point at Snowy 's White 's entree in the band as being the issue . White was a bad choice , but it was Phil 's choice . And it was n't Snowy who kept Phil from coming up with goods on ` Chinatown ' . So let 's just deal with the songs themselves .1 . We will be strong . A reasonably good hook desperately in search of a song , it 's wants to come roaring out of the gate , but just stumbles . Mostly on the back of a lyric that sounds like it 's actually cobbled together from three separate songs . Phil switches from First Person singular , to Third Person , to First Person Plural . Most of us probably choose to focus on the ` my woman is away from me ' portion of the lyric ' and tie that to the chorus and decide it 's about surviving a breakup . But then why it WE will be strong and not I will be strong ? And who is this ` brother ' who will ` use a gun ' ? And the ` clown ' whose ` thoughtlessness will bring us down ' ? It 's a mess that sounds like it * might * be about something , but upon further inspection , is just a bunch of words . Philip was something of poet . Capable of writing smart , funny , insightful , touching lyrics . ` Chinatown ' -LRB- the album -RRB- is devoid of all of these things . Plus , like everything other song here , ` We will be strong ' is at least a minute too long . This is not only an album made most of filler , even the filler is padded out . And we 're only just getting started .2 . Chinatown . For many fans , even those who do n't like the album , Chinatown is still fondly regarded as a second tier Thin Lizzy classic of sorts . Not me . Weak hook . And whether the song is yet another allusion to chasing the dragon or Roman Polanski 's '74 film , it 's never made me care much either way .3 . Sweetheart would have made a really good B-side , circa Black Rose . It sounds like the kind of song Phillip could , and perhaps did , write in his sleep . Decent hook , catchy tune , weak lyric , rote guitar parts .4 . Sugar Blues ... how many songs did Phil write dealing with or alluding to drugs ? Off the top of my head , ` Opium Trail ' , ` Got to give it up ' -LRB- the original -RRB- , ` Toughest Street in town ' , ` Bad Habits ' -LRB- do n't kid yourself -RRB- and this . Nowadays , we 'd call it a cry for help . But back before rehab was a common idea , it was just rock n ' roll . Anyway , this substandard boogie is the least interesting of all the above-mentioned songs . So all we have left is to think about had sad it was that drugs wrecked this man 's life . And that , first , it took his art. 5 . Killer on the Loose , Probably , the best song on the album . And deservedly , a UK hit , despite another weak , meat-headed lyric . From the heights of songs such as ` Honesty is no excuse ' , ` Philomena ' , and the Celtic story-telling tradition of Black Rose to a new low with
 If you love the Soft Machine-era Canterbury -LRB- also Daevid Allen 's Gong -RRB- or current RIO -LRB- Rock In Opposition -RRB- progressive , then this CD might appeal to you . To me , it sounds extremely dated and I find it very difficult to listen to even after several attempts . The saxophone is irritating and the music seems uinspired , off-the-cuff , improvisational floundering that at times is as musical as fingernails running across a chalkboard . The musicianship of the combined talent here should have come-up with something better than this ... squawking , experimental noise .
 Lots of people said this is a great DVD , great show ... but I have to disagree . If you are a rock fan you should buy it , but if you are a metal fan , you maybe disapointed . Where is the heavy guitar vibe metallica once had in the past ?? It is missed on this DVD . The guitars are recorded with low volume and there is no punch . Tired of wah-wah solos by hammet and what about the bass of jason ??? simply terrible . I think that maybe not the production 's fault but it was recordable at metallica 's worst period -LRB- during load and reload releases -RRB- . If you see the perfomance of `` one '' you will be throwing up ... IT IS HORRIBLE ... Please keep the old metallica albuns , and if you want it a DVD , buy Cliff em all instead !
 I remember watching this video for the first time years ago and laughing my a $ $ off , wondering what the hell happened to the real Metallica and what did these four impos -LRB- t -RRB- ers do with them ? No hair , no balls and NO metal here kids , just plain old , generic , run of the mill 90s alterna rock . I would have never of guessed in 1988 that ten years later Metallica would be lamer than Def Leppard without Steve Clarke . Do yourself a favor , skip this drivel and pick up Iron Maiden 's Rock In Rio , Flight 666 and En Vivo dvds instead .
 Metallica died in ' 89 . This DVD -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Anyone who really likes this band would regret wasting their time on it . Luckily I was givin a free copy so I did n't waste -LSB- money -RSB- on it . Stay away from this . If you want to see a great metallica video get cliff 'em all .
 I went to a Metallica concert back in the early 90s when they were at their zenith . It was the best concert I 've ever been to . The energy of the band was directed straight into the mosh pit . Fast no nonsense metal from start to finish.In ` Cunning Stunts ' they tried a new arrangement with a multifaceted stage and various gimmicks , but I just do n't think it worked . The crowd was all patchy and most of the kids just were n't into it -LRB- I mean at the concert I went to back in the 90s there were riot police outside - yes , real RIOT police ! With armoured trucks ! No kidding -RRB- . Cunning stunts was just embarrassing . Not convincing somehow . Sorry . They just seem so lame.I give 2 stars because Kurt can still solo . How about some shredding on the next album guys ?
 What is WITH you people w the glowing reviews ????? Do you even HAVE a killer sound system?Do you all play your DVD 's through TV speakers ?? Do any of you even have headphones worth more than $ 50 ? First off , I am a fan , been to 4 shows over 20 years . I even saw them play off the back of a flat bed truck in the Tower Records parking lot just before the Load tour . It was right after they all cut their hair , it was a trippy site.Anyway , you ca n't even turn this thing up all the way without it giving reverb and making the speakers crackle . Its ok about 2/3 's up , but you should be able to jam a DVD all the way up and rattle the windows when you want and have the sound be clean and clear . Yes I tried it at a couple other friends houses , with nice stereos , same thing.Another bone to pick is the camera 's are jumping all over with the shots , must be no more than 5 seconds on each member , then to the next , then to the next , over and over and OVER ! Somebody start a school up for these guys ! It 's in so many DVDs !! We do n't like that stop it ! It 's like they think the average fan is 14-17 , short attention span.Fade to black , I love the guitars , not the subject matter , but the guitars on the song , just flat jams , but not here , it just falls flat like the rest of the show . And what really stupid is this is not on S and M DVD with the symphony , that would have been the best song on the DVD ! With the violins flying away with the guitars . Flat blew that one dudes . Maybe is was n't picked for that show because of the lyrics , if so then ok , but if not , then glaring omission.Lars , sits right in the middle like he is on some throne and has a lot of the lights on him making him stand out , no doubt he has it set up this way , and lots of camera shots of him , no doubt he has this set up this way also , since he is a known control freak . Dude is a good drummer but he is n't no John Bonham or Neil Peart . He thinks everyone is at the show to see him as much as James and Kirk . No Lars , we are not.And the worst part of this whole DVD is the drums are turned up WAY to high , they actually dominate the show and just about over power the guitars . NO DOUBT LARS has it set up this way . I have seen him talk allot , with out a doubt one of the biggest ego maniac napoleon complex dudes I have ever seen.You should be able to type '' napoleon complex rockers '' into google and have his name and pic come up on the first page.Lars does n't even respect James and who he is to the band , and that people are there to always see the singer and guitarist , and every show , more than anyone , not the drummer . Not at any show . Can you name a rock band where most of everyone in attendance at the show to see the drummer ? Not even Rush or Led Zeppelin , 2 of the best overall bands of all time . sure some people are there to see Bonham and Peart mainly , but not the far majority . Men come to see the guitarist and Women come to see the singer . That 's just nature . That 's why bands with both of them that are good are at the top . You do n't even have to get along , its all about the money anyway . It 's a job . And ever notice James once during each show comes over to the drums and He and Lars give each other a quick smile ? That 's not because they life each other , in this band even your average fan knows they do n't , so why do they?Because that 's the moment of the show when they both go `` Ca Ching ! '' another night of work , another deposit into the bank.If you do n't agree with me then you 're a blinded fool . And nothing wrong with them doing it , who does n't want to just play music for there lives and get paid millions?That 's the dream of everyone , you that is reading this also , do n't lie . so no envy here . More power to ya guys ! Just get it together and put out better stuff than this , take better pride in your work released dudes . Your so hands on Lars with everything , so this release in all of its problems is your fault . Thanks for ripping me off.Summation
 Sure this movie has a bunch of their songs , but they 're all Live in Texas recorded on the same stage . The title completely does n't go with the movie . I bought this movie because I thought it had live movies of them doing stunts for their movies , and/or some other things -LRB- which most of their other movies have -RRB- in different places , not a 140 minutes of a live concert on the same stage the whole time . So if you like their S&M movie , you 'll probably like this one , too .
 Metallica did this specific show to film for a video , so did they choke or what ? Most of the renditions on this video are lackluster and butchered . And what the is the deal with them only play two and a half minutes of `` Master of Puppets '' . The band does do better on the second have of the show , but 50 % , even 60 % effort is unacceptable , especially for a video.Pros
 Metallica is great , this product displays them at their near worst . Pandering to the crowd , playing with the lights on for the first few songs , asking if the crowd wants `` heavy '' . Give me a break . Metallica never needed to do anything but go up on stage and crank the stuff out , so why they resorted to these tactics I do n't know . Other than they are playing to the cameras , which every band does , but this is a little out of character . I do n't understand the glowing reviews here . I frankly feel the audience got shortchanged and did n't experience a true Metalli-show where it 's all black , all music , all fist pumping , all the time . And the stupid camera-angle-change feature of my DVD did n't work . More marketing to the masses I suppose .
 First of all , I love 80 's Metallica and thats why i gave the low rating . If you like 90 's Metallica , you 'll love this . If you 're into 80 's Metallica only , stay far , far away ! Audio/Video sounds and looks great on `` Cunning Stunts '' . Check out Binge and Purge Live in Seattle 89 . Blows this away !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This absolutely the worst Metallica release yet !! Lars , you should be rehearsing your arse off , you ca n't do this to your fans ! , this is simply so bad played ! Do n't Buy this video/dvd !!! I would not had given this release no stars , but that was n't optinal ! I 'll think this is need to be said ; i 'm a longtime Metallicafan , and yes I like the new ones too !
 Having been a huge Metallica fan for almost half of my 34 years , it was no surprise to me that I would plunk down $ 30 for this DVD . New video technology , excellent sound , etc. were all reasons to buy this . The quality of this video is exceptional . Great camera work , sound , lighting . It was all great . But Metallica has lost the edge they used to have . Hearing James Hetfield straining on vocals , I could n't sit through this video . Although the musicianship is still top-notch , they sound to me like a very tired band . The newer material is also not my cup of tea and to have only a medley of the killer old stuff , it just did n't do it for me . I own almost everything Metallica ever put out , cd 's and videos , but had to draw the line on Re-Load . I may pick it up at a second-hand cd store sometime . Kirk Hammett remains the best guitarist in the world as does Lars Ulrich on drums . Diehard Metallica fans-buy this DVD . Those old timers-spend your money elsewhere .
 The performances are good , but the background hiss is overwhelming if you have a good audio system . Especially during soft , lyrical passages such as in the Adagio movement of Symphony no. 8 .
 This disk is not indicative of Josh Wink 's later , and more developed , work . If you want to hear him at a much higher level , check out Profound Sounds Vol . 1 and the supremely enjoyable and detailed Profound Sound Vol . 2 , which I think is his best studio work . Prof.Sound Vol . 3 is okay , but not as good as Vol . 1 and definately inferior to Vol . 2 . `` Hearhear '' sounds like he was experimenting with what a drum machine can do . None of the tracks are innovative , or even interesting . Wink live in clubs is something to behold . You wo n't forget it , but this cd will leave you wondering what all the attention is about . Borrow from a friend .
 this album reeked of josh trying to live up to his reputation ... it 's a tidy little collection of ditty-bop techno tunes without heart - except maybe `` sixth sense . '' the appearance of trent reznor is gratuitous at best , and frankly , it sounds to me like josh got shoved out of the studio when trent was ushered in . i had high hopes for this album , especially considering the quality of everything else ovum 's put out so far , and all the times i 've seen josh 's sets live . better luck with the sophomore effort .
 This is not a particularly well-crafted work . There is precious little variety in rhythms and almost no melody to speak of . If that crazy beating rave scene is your cup of tea , you might do OK . Those looking for a challenging collection of electronic music could do much better . Beeps and bass sounds are often so similar that it can seem not only like the tracks were made on the same keyboard but also on the same settings . Reznor adds trademark dissonance but helps only marginally . `` Sixth Sense '' is the worst `` techno '' song I have ever heard .
 This album contains a collection of wonderful hits from some of the best movies ever ! The only problem is these are not the artists that we all know and love . In fact , some of these songs are instrumental only ! Including `` Glory of Love , '' -LRB- which just happens to be the reason I bought this CD -RRB- ! Do n't be fooled !
 The only reason to own this CD is if you enjoy `` showing off '' really bad music to your friends and family . `` You 've got to hear this ... it 's so bad ! '' Some of the songs on the album are instrumental , and other songs have vocals . But neither are a blessing to the ears . The CD is good for a laugh , but not much else . Might make a good gag gift . It would be a hard contest indeed to vote for the worst song on the album -LRB- or for that matter , the best song on the album -RRB- but my vote is `` Take My Breath Away . ''
 Texas ' new album is absolutely disappointing for all their old fans who liked the blues-rock influenced `` Southside '' , which is one of the greatest guitar rock records ever released . `` The Hush '' contains nothing but worthless and overproduced radio-friendly soul-pop . The songs on this album are trite , uninspired and forgettable as your last breath . Plus , I have a problem with Sharleen 's new image . She was the leader of a once great rock band and now she 's acting like a teen model . Please Sharleen , get your hands on the guitar where they belong , and write some good songs like you did ten years ago !
 Only the latter tracks on The Hush are vaguely reminiscient of Texas ' best work -LRB- White on Blond & Southside -RRB- . In HUSH , Texas has opted for a lighter ABBA/DIANA ROSS/TLC fusion/pop sound that underscores every track . If you liked White on Blonde and/or Southside , be warned ... this is a major shift in sound . Gone is the textured sophistication that drove Texas ' best work ... Sharlene seems to have fallen in love with falsetto singing ... Her voice , while incredible , gets tiresome when she sings falsetto over the entire CD . This cd should appeal to young teengage girls ... ca n't see much appeal to the male audience .
 If you take away the vocals this could be the backing track for a Simply Red album . Texas are a talented group but this is a bit on the bland side
 I was blown away by th Rick 's Road CD the band Texas released some years ago . With every new CD they 've released I 've been looking for that sound again , but have not found it . They get further and further away from what they 're good at and have melded into the bland world of hip-hop pop where every song sounds the same . Far too bad ! I miss the emotion and heavy drive of Rick 's Road , one of the greatest CDs ever in my opinion .
 Quite simply , if you liked Texas first 3 CD 's , you 'll likely hate this Motown-retro sounding album unless you just love everything Spiteri does . Upon this release , they have abandoned everything that made them a quality and interesting band . The cut `` Summer Son '' is a catchy little number -- do n't let anyone know I said that though .
 I bought this disk thinking that it was the same band that made `` Southside '' and '' Mother 's Heaven '' . What happened , it sounds like they replaced their drummer with a drum machine and replaced hook laden rock songs with hip-hop crap . These songs all sound the same and lack any of the qualities that made the early albums great .
 This title is a clean and crisp collection . It contains clever transcriptions of various works , but there is no attempt to exercise the organ with dynamic range -LRB- loud/soft -RRB- or voicing -LRB- choice and mixture of pipes -RRB- . You will need to be a serious lover of organ music to stay awake and enjoy this .
 I have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding the vocal quality on this CD ... it 's abysmal . The harmonies on the original albums do n't get a chance to shine with the muddied vocals on this CD . I 'm glad to have a CD version of these two albums , as mine are pretty scratchy , but i 'll still play the vinyl when i really want to hear the Talbots at their best . If you somehow have the albums in good shape after all these years , do n't buy the CD ... you 'll probably be disappointed at the sound quality . But the CD is definitely worth having if you do n't have the albums . Mason Proffit was one of the best concert bands of the early seventies , especially in small venues like the basement of River City in Iowa City in 1972 . If you never heard them , and you want to hear some `` down-home '' music from that era , you ca n't go wrong with these guys .
 Am I the only one that finds the cd of this album intolerable ? The music would get 5 stars but the CD is so poorly done ... The lead vocals are muffled and can barely be heard . Pull out the old record and this is not the case . This reminds me of the first Aqualung CD that sounded worse than the record and was soon done over . Fearing that Mason Proffit is not popular enough I suspect that , sadly , this album will not be done over .
 Only two songs for you ! This one 's easy to confuse with the other Tori Spark single , which has these two and more ! I made this mistake , and now I ca n't quite justify buying the Spark Maxi CD , which has the most for the money .
 I bought this CD for a special event . I had never heard Hungarian music before . The only thing I can compare it to is fingernails on a chalkboard .
 There 's one thing that frustrates me more than anything when it comes to music -LRB- no , not being able to play guitar like Angus Young -RRB- , that is when a really great band/record is let down by the vocals . It happens far too often if you ask me . And this is another example . The music on this record is great ! Lovely arrangements of horns and piano 's in a catchy 70s piano-pop sense , but Utrillo Kushner 's voice is just weak , straining , and to be honest , quite out of tune at times . I 'd love to hear someone Jim O'Rourke or Jeff Tweedy sing over these tunes . Now THAT would be a good record .
 Neil Finn is without doubt one of the best songwriters of this era . With Crowded House his tunes were mixed with ever more innovativness reaching a pinnacle with Together Alone , among the best albums of the last decade . Try Whistling This sadly shows that he needs a tight unit to breathe life and energy into his songs . There are exactly two outstanding tracks on this release , the catchy summer tune She Will Have Her Way and the spooky Sinner . Most of the rest lacks the spark that Crowded House seemed to produce in their sleep . A few tracks are even hardly b-side material . Neil obviously needs a group of musicians around him , not session players , to highlight his own talents .
 Hey Tim , why do n't you wait until you have enough good songs to fill out an album ? There 's no need to hurry and release `` product . '' When you do that you start making smelly albums like this . Pee-you .
 I searched for a CD that featured whistling and this CD was among the results . I listened to over half of the CD without hearing a single note of whistling ... and I assume there is none on the rest of the CD either.Needless to say , I am quite disappointed !
 So much bollocks is written about Neil Finn and his prowess as a songwriter . I was delighted to hear that amongst the two or three really memorable songs , there 's an awful lot of padding . It just proves that the man is mortal . His next solo offering will be the one to judge him by . He may have then dispensed with some of the ` studio toys ' which render some of these songs as mildly irritating .
 This is one of the best albums I have ever heard by Neil Finn , as good as anything he did with Crowded House . My original copy was lost and so I decided to get a new one . This re-issue is very poorly made and the sound was like a cheap MP3 copy , it even looks like something you ` ld buy in Chinatown . I was very disappointed .
 Was given this great album for my birthday last week , and sad to say must return it . Shoddy mastering , just awful . You 'd think at least , with an artist of this stature , they 'd remaster , but no . Great album , pisspoor run .
 I 'm a huge Neil Finn fan , and bought this back in 1998 . Lost my hard copy , and purchased one just a few weeks ago . Bad pressing , which I 'm sorry to say carries on here ! If you listen to `` Addicted '' , there 's breakup on the low end all over the place . Amazon needs to demand the record company fix this and replace everything , including the mp3 's .
 I 've been a Neil Finn fan practically my whole adult life . First I become exposed to his brilliance via I Got You , the break through song of Split Enz a quarter of a century ago . That album , True Colours , is jam packed with great melodies and fun arrangements . Although their later albums did not match that peak , they were still enjoyable . When Crowded House became huge , I liked their albums ever more . Their first one , despite including the classic Do n't Dream It 's Over , is their least interesting one but during the final album , Together Alone , Neil Finn and Crowded House were making among the best music of that era.I was obviously very excited when Neil Finn released -LRB- Try Whistling -RRB- this album ; what would he deliver this time being alone and apparently with all the freedom to experiment ? Before hearing the album in its entirety , I heard She Will Have Her Way and Sinner , both great tracks and worthy classics . She Will is a straight forward song in a Beatles-esque fashion whilst Sinner is a dark moody track with a haunting rhythm . Sadly , these were the only tracks worth any attention . The production of the album is very flat , everything very professional like but lacking an edge . The songs really never come to life . I tried several times listening to the album , hoping I would get it , but no , this is for me an album that lacked a creative spark , something I ca n't say about anything else I had heard by Neil Finn -LRB- his next studio album , live album and recent one with his brother are for example much better -RRB- . Actually , this is the only Neil Finn release that has not been a favorite of mine.It is interesting but this album gets high marks from many reviewers , actually most reviewers . My sister and one of my best friends are also big Neil Finn fans . Their reaction to this album was , however , almost identical to mine , close to being boring and not living up to expectations . It was also a commercial failure so it will remain a mystery to me how many people enjoy it . My advice , however , is to leave this one alone and listen to practically everything else by Neil Finn .
 Aside from `` Sinner '' and `` She Will Have Her Way , '' it appears that the usually brilliant singer-songwriter has lost his touch . Do n't believe the five star reviews . Where are the hooks ? One more like this and it 's `` Hey now , hey now , your career is over . ''
 After reading all of the raving reviews of Try Whistling this -LRB- and also seing him live at the Theater Royal -RRB- I went out a bought my self a copy . What a Disappointment ! Apart from a few good songs , the rest , I 'm sad to say , was fairly boring and uninteresting . Now , dont get me wrong . Im a HUGE Split Enz / Crowded House fan , but seing him live was far better than this album . He also done lots of really good non album tracks , such a ` Tokyo ' and other cool songs which I cant remember . The songs here lack life on the whole ... . often starting in a fairly plodding fashion forcing listener to fastfoward to when the singing starts ... . and the lyrics are a bunch of corny twiddle . Basically ... . this album SUCKS .
 Wow . Only two songs out of this whole album even approximate Neil 's customary brilliance -LRB- `` Sinner '' and `` Truth '' -RRB- . This is the very least-involving CD he 's ever made , further testament to the fact that comfy home and hearth often make musicians very dull boys . Almost makes me wish he would have another falling out with his brother or stray from the marriage bed again -- such terrible events seemed to light a fire under him -LRB- e.g. `` Temple , '' parts of `` Woodface , '' `` Together Alone , '' `` Finn Bros. '' -RRB- . Tsk , tsk .
 Michael Bruce was an essential part of the Alice Cooper group . However his attempt at a solo album falls flat ! The CD seems poorly produced & mixed sounding very weak & tinny . It does have it 's moments `` Lucky Break '' & `` If the Sky should fall '' are good but songs like `` King of America '' and the title track are sickening to listen to . It 's an ok disk but anyone hopin that Michael recaptured some of the magic that was the Alice Cooper group will be VERY disappointed .
 Jimmy Page is a guitar god and legend . Peter Puff Daddy is a freaking joke ! Featuring Jimmy Page ... Please give me a break ! This is a disaster and should be skipped at all cost . If I could give negative stars I would have .
 I mean he took a great song with nice rythem etc. . And truned it into a joke . This is the worst song i have ever heard . The only good thing on the song is JIMMY PAGE , but puffy takes all the credit . This Rapper needs to make up his mine is he a rapper or a rocker ?!?!?!?!!?
 this is the wackest song ever !!! i have never heard wacker s *** in my life . I wish DMX and Nas would just clap punks like Wycleff and Puff down .
 This song is a disgrace to both hip hop and rock . Kashmir is one the the greatest rock songs ever and Puffy turned it into a joke . This track completely shows Puffy 's lack of any lyrical skills and is proof that he needs to stop making a mockery of what I love -LRB- hip hop -RRB- !!!
 This song sucks ! Puff Daddy has absolutley no creative bone in his body . He is going to drag Led Zepplin down just like he did with the Police in `` Every Breath you Take . '' I would rather tear off an appendage than listen to this crap one more time . He should stick with pig farming or something based on some rational basis
 The only thing I like about this song is when Puff Daddy tries to sing . It makes me laugh , he sounds ... well ... he ca n't sing at all . LISTEN to him . . it 's HISTARICAL . This song is doing well in the charts , is n't it ... HOW PITIFUL . I just wonder how much money Page is making from this . ARG
 This is the worst rock song I have ever heard !!! Im almost ashamed to say that I love Jimmy Page
 Jimmy Page is God . This rapper has no talent . Led Zeppelin is an amazing band , the best band of all time and this dumbass rapper ruins one of their songs ... shame what 's our world coming to ?
 All I can say is , write your own d *** songs . Kashmir is one of the greatest songs of all time , and this just makes a mockery of it . I ca n't believe that Jimmy Page would actually consent to doing this . This terrible . No two ways about it . It takes a great song , and turns it into garbage . Now people think Led Zeppelin stole it from Puff Daddy ! Puff Daddy is giving Led Zeppelin a bad name . MAKE IT STOP !!! NO MORE !!! PLEASE !!!
 THE ONLY REASON YOU SHOULD BY THIS CD IS BECAUSE OF JIMMY PAGE .
 To begin with , Led Zeppelin is one of the greatest bands ever . This song however is horrible . Puff Daddy did n't change anything on the song except the lyrics , and he did a horrible job lyrically . This just shows how Puff Daddy is the epitome of pop . To be honest , this song makes me sick . If your gon na do you hip-pop thing Puffy , stick to it , but please do n't butcher classics such as this song . I am completely surprised that Jimmy Page agreed to this crap . Stay away from this .
 OK , first he completely stole the the Police 's `` Every Breath You Take '' beat and did n't even change it one bit for his dedication to the late rapper Notorious BIG . That made me mad , but it was for the late great MC , so you got to let that go.But this is just horrible . First , the song is n't that good because Puffy CA N'T RAP . The lyrics are n't good . I think Puffy is the man , but he 's the man when it comes to being a businessman . Stick to that , and do n't try to be a rapper when you 're not one.To completely rip a song like `` Kashmir '' , which is one of the greatest songs from the greatest band ever , is a crime . I ca n't believe Page let him use it , what are you thinking Pagey ? Was the money that good ? Bonham 's shaking his head and saying `` Wow , I made that drum riff for this ... ''
 I love Led Zeppelin , but I never liked this song to begin with . However , it 's even worse that Puffy or P. Diddy or Diddy or whatever the heck he is calling himself this week took it and butchered it beyond all logical reasoning . This is a perfect example of how bad of rapper VD or wahtever his name is , really is . Completely uncreative and unoriginal . Hello people , any of you who think this is creative or groundbreaking do n't get out much . Any of us can take a song , remove the lyrics , and rap over it . And any of us could probably make something better than this piece of crap by doing so . Diddy , stick to producing and STAY AWAY from classic rock songs . For the love of God . Now , I have to go throw up .
 Only two songs for you ! This one 's easy to confuse with the other Tori Spark single , which has these two and more ! I made this mistake , and now I ca n't quite justify buying the Spark Maxi CD , which has the most for the money .
 This gets two stars because it 's Johnny and the boys , but getting two just for showing up is not enough . Horribly recorded with a mix by Helen Keller and with a slipcase designed by a hater of CDs , the contents of this abomination -- regardless of the fine liner notes -- are repulsive and are puzzling , as in , Why was this released ? For the true studio Heartbreakers please consider the Lost Mixes , for the live experience there are DTK and the Max 's records . P as well as U. ...
 This is n't the same as the origional , which is very good . Here are the origional tracks :1 Practice Twice - Sam Prekop Original Soundtrack2 Stolen Moments - Oliver Nelson Original Soundtrack3 On The Low - Hope Sandoval Original Soundtrack4 Of The Periphery - Him Original Soundtrack5 Find Enjoyment - Ray Barbee Original Soundtrack6 When I Goose Step - The Shins Original Soundtrack7 Butter Nut - Sprout House Band Original Soundtrack8 By Fist And Fury - Tommy Guerrero Original Soundtrack9 Salt The Skies - Tortoise Original Soundtrack10 Banderilla - Calexico Original Soundtrack11 Demon Lover - Superwolf Original Soundtrack12 Spanish Flowers - Sprout House Band Original Soundtrack13 Rained - Tommy Guerrero Original Soundtrack14 Got My Sunshine - Mojave 3 Original Soundtrack
 Rock-a-billy prodigy Robert Gordon and the legendery Link Wray team up for a 50s rock and roll revival on `` Fresh Fish Special '' on this 1978 release on the Private Stock label.Wray -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- commits one of his tunes to the effort `` if this is wrong '' which sounds very familiar to practically every 50s rock tune every written . Side one does n't fare very well with any song except a bare bones working of the Springsteen song `` fire '' which comes off only so , so . Side two gets better with a cracklin ' version of `` Twenty Flight Rock '' and a lonely sounding `` lonesome Train '' . One of the big dissapointments here is the sound of Wrays guitar , thin and trebly , with none of his trademark flare . Gordon is no doubt , an incredibly gifted singer , but at times sounds like a characture of Elvis , who he obviously admires greatly . Production is absolutely horrible , I know it was 1978 , but production values were still very good in 1978 , -LRB- listen to Pink Floyd , manfred Mann , Alan Parson , The Knack , ELVIS ! -RRB- so there 's really no excuse for the thin , weak sound coming in here . It is of note that the famed Jordanaires add background vocals to several songs , but it still does n't work . Actually the Jordanaires input to `` Twenty Flight ... '' actually hurts the song 's rythm and fire . I 'm very surprised that the production team of Richard Gottehrer and Gordon did n't strive for that Sun Records sound , with plenty of reverb and sparce , clean production . Overall a poor effort and probably helped kill a promising career for Gordon . Although very few rock-a-billy acts gain much attention . Only for the very curious .
 Before you buy this please be aware it is a CDR . That 's right , the label does not want to spend a few dollars for a re-issue so they are taking the cheap way out and offering CD-r 's . If you want an original factory pressed CD you can usually find them even brand new but they are about twice the price but it is still better than a cdr by far . Look close at the product description to see what you are getting .
 After reading the above review , I noticed the one I purchased was a CD ' R also . This was one of my favorites when it came out in 1969 . You can tell the sound is not as sharp as it should be . I hope this is not a thing to come with more re-issues .
 Why did n't Tori put these two amazing b-sides onto choirgirl ? I always find myself asking me this everytime I hear these two wonderful songs . Bachelorette has that smokey snake charming type melody that always gets stuck in my head . I love you Tori .
 If you 're looking for the easy , romantic music that Zamphir is known for then you should avoid this CD . This contains some of the most nerve-wracking , jittery music I have ever heard - guaranteed to set your teeth on edge . If you 're looking for something that will give you the sensation you 've just consumed a full pot of espresso or a case of Jolt cola then this would be what you 're looking for . Otherwise , get one his other albums . I give it one star because it was cheap enough so I did n't mind shelving it after just one play .
 I get tired of these sellers who horde music when it goes out of print to charge 3 , 4 5 times and even higher than it 's real value ! In the case of the 2nd installment of Empire I am gld to say IGNORE THESE SELLERS as a remastered with 8 bonus tracks version is on the way in July 2008 . Max Bacon and geoff Downes have solved their issues and this is on the way . Let these suckers choke on charging $ 50 for a CD you can get in a few months for $ 12.99 , remastered with extra tracks and bonus liner notes !!
 I bought `` Flaming Red '' unheard because I absolutely love `` Living With Ghosts '' . After playing it , I double checked the CD case to be sure I bought the right artist . I miss the calmer emotion from the first album . This one was too loud and not at all what I expected .
 If you enjoy singers/songwriters who can carry tunes by themselves -LRB- or tiweht minimal assistance by other musicians -RRB- , go elsewhere . This one is so different from `` Living With Ghosts '' it is very difficult to make a comparison . In effect , the folkie genre disapeared on this album .
 `` Living With Ghosts '' was such a great album that this followup is a huge disappointment . Many of the songs are just loud and distorted .
 Not what I thought it would be . This is not the real Patty Griffin . This may be her wild side , but not nearly as attractive as her reflective stuff .
 I first heard Patty Griffin singing on the album `` 1000 kisses '' . Since Ive heard more from this talented singer , and liked what I heard . However , when I put on this disc , I acually had to check and see if I had put in the wrong disc . This album is much louder , with heavy guitars , and an aggressive approach to the songs . That mighyt be OK for some , but I prefer the acoustic type-country flavored songs Ive heard from Griffin . Im all for artists not doing the same thing over again , but this disc just doesnt sit well with me . I like having Griffins voice as the main focus of her songs , and on this disc you dont get that .
 It 's a shame that she had to go electric ... her first album was so great and now it 's a nosedive .
 ... of PJ Harvey , but I suppose imitation is the sincerest form of flattery . I 'll stick to the real thing , thanks .
 If you 're looking for some ambiance music for your French restaurant in Iowa -LRB- especially if you have french fries on the menu -RRB- , then this is the CD for you . With no recognizable artists , certainly not the ones who made these songs famous , this music is probably best as background to a loud conversation . Truly , this CD is about as close to Paris as Wonder bread is to a baguette .
 Time to get your page in order . When we go to listen to samples , we find that every piece is listed by Beethoven , never mind who the real compose is . I know Amazon does n't read or care about these comments , but it would instill greater confidence in their goods if they appeared to know what they 're selling .
 Bad , Bad , Bad , ... Save your money , nothing at all like their first two albums . Just a bunch of sleeping material all put together to sell an album . . I will never listen to it again . It is worthless ...
 The last and best song on the album is Oblivion , an appropriately named instrumental that is the last time we hear from Rhino , Dorman , and Caldwell - three awsome muscians who 's talents shine in albums one and two . Unfortunately , Dawn Explosion most often misses the energy and creativity of the first two albums . Oblivion ... an appropriate name for their wherabouts ... until 1999 !!!! Rhino , -LRB- now Ryno -RRB- and Caldwell are back with a new Captain Beyond band , currently beginning a tour in Europe , with rumors of an album to be released this year !!
 But his solo albums are as generic as they come ! I am not reviewing his guitar playing , I 'm reviewing this album which is 80 's generic as your going to ever hear ! It sucks ! But I love his work in Yes , one of my favorite bands !
 This cd is nice yes . but it was n't what I thought it was going to be . I would n't recomend this item .
 All I can say is , write your own d *** songs . Kashmir is one of the greatest songs of all time , and this just makes a mockery of it . I ca n't believe that Jimmy Page would actually consent to doing this . This terrible . No two ways about it . It takes a great song , and turns it into garbage . Now people think Led Zeppelin stole it from Puff Daddy ! Puff Daddy is giving Led Zeppelin a bad name . MAKE IT STOP !!! NO MORE !!! PLEASE !!!
 THE ONLY REASON YOU SHOULD BY THIS CD IS BECAUSE OF JIMMY PAGE .
 To begin with , Led Zeppelin is one of the greatest bands ever . This song however is horrible . Puff Daddy did n't change anything on the song except the lyrics , and he did a horrible job lyrically . This just shows how Puff Daddy is the epitome of pop . To be honest , this song makes me sick . If your gon na do you hip-pop thing Puffy , stick to it , but please do n't butcher classics such as this song . I am completely surprised that Jimmy Page agreed to this crap . Stay away from this .
 OK , first he completely stole the the Police 's `` Every Breath You Take '' beat and did n't even change it one bit for his dedication to the late rapper Notorious BIG . That made me mad , but it was for the late great MC , so you got to let that go.But this is just horrible . First , the song is n't that good because Puffy CA N'T RAP . The lyrics are n't good . I think Puffy is the man , but he 's the man when it comes to being a businessman . Stick to that , and do n't try to be a rapper when you 're not one.To completely rip a song like `` Kashmir '' , which is one of the greatest songs from the greatest band ever , is a crime . I ca n't believe Page let him use it , what are you thinking Pagey ? Was the money that good ? Bonham 's shaking his head and saying `` Wow , I made that drum riff for this ... ''
 I love Led Zeppelin , but I never liked this song to begin with . However , it 's even worse that Puffy or P. Diddy or Diddy or whatever the heck he is calling himself this week took it and butchered it beyond all logical reasoning . This is a perfect example of how bad of rapper VD or wahtever his name is , really is . Completely uncreative and unoriginal . Hello people , any of you who think this is creative or groundbreaking do n't get out much . Any of us can take a song , remove the lyrics , and rap over it . And any of us could probably make something better than this piece of crap by doing so . Diddy , stick to producing and STAY AWAY from classic rock songs . For the love of God . Now , I have to go throw up .
 Jimmy Page is a guitar god and legend . Peter Puff Daddy is a freaking joke ! Featuring Jimmy Page ... Please give me a break ! This is a disaster and should be skipped at all cost . If I could give negative stars I would have .
 I mean he took a great song with nice rythem etc. . And truned it into a joke . This is the worst song i have ever heard . The only good thing on the song is JIMMY PAGE , but puffy takes all the credit . This Rapper needs to make up his mine is he a rapper or a rocker ?!?!?!?!!?
 this is the wackest song ever !!! i have never heard wacker s *** in my life . I wish DMX and Nas would just clap punks like Wycleff and Puff down .
 This song is a disgrace to both hip hop and rock . Kashmir is one the the greatest rock songs ever and Puffy turned it into a joke . This track completely shows Puffy 's lack of any lyrical skills and is proof that he needs to stop making a mockery of what I love -LRB- hip hop -RRB- !!!
 This song sucks ! Puff Daddy has absolutley no creative bone in his body . He is going to drag Led Zepplin down just like he did with the Police in `` Every Breath you Take . '' I would rather tear off an appendage than listen to this crap one more time . He should stick with pig farming or something based on some rational basis
 The only thing I like about this song is when Puff Daddy tries to sing . It makes me laugh , he sounds ... well ... he ca n't sing at all . LISTEN to him . . it 's HISTARICAL . This song is doing well in the charts , is n't it ... HOW PITIFUL . I just wonder how much money Page is making from this . ARG
 This is the worst rock song I have ever heard !!! Im almost ashamed to say that I love Jimmy Page
 Jimmy Page is God . This rapper has no talent . Led Zeppelin is an amazing band , the best band of all time and this dumbass rapper ruins one of their songs ... shame what 's our world coming to ?
 It does n't swing as much as the first CD , and I find the songs too slow and boring . The concept is just mediocre . I would not recommend it .
 I am a huge fan of R&B and have an extensive collection . I must admit that I bought this CD based on all of the great reviews that I read about it . However , I was a bit disappointed when I listened to this CD -LRB- I listened to it about 10 or so times to let it '' sink in '' -RRB- . In my opinion , there does n't seem to be much variety to the music on this CD . For all R&B fans I respect you taste and dedication to Maxwell 's music but if you would like to hear a sampling of truely superb R&B I would like to direct your attention to an outsatanding R&B trio that dominated the international charts between the early to mid 80 's . The trio 's name is '' Imagination '' and you can purchase their '' Best Of ... '' CD collection right here from Amazon at an exceptional price . Feel free to check my review -LRB- as well as that of a fellow fan from Costa Rica -RRB- of this CD and although you unfortunately can not sample the music from this CD , for the price of a couple of lunches at McDonalds you will own what I believe to be some of the finest R&B ever written . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !
 aside from Luxury Cococure , & Matrimony maybe you this disc is very average to boring.there are really no songs.to slow and not focused.it 's a downer after the first album & unplugged show.but fourtunate is a step in the right direction.that song that came out just before last summer sounds better than over 90 % of this disc.so there is hope .
 THIS IS ONE BOOOORINGGGG CD !!! AT LEAST I ALWAYS GET A GOOD NIGHT 'S SLEEP AFTER LISTENING TO IT !!!
 With his first album , Maxwell had the potential to be one of the greats and he almost lost all of it with this album . I do give Maxwell credit for attempting to be different however on this album he confused with the odd song titles and overall mood of the CD . Maxwell wants to be so much more than just another soul crooner , but his gifts become obscured the more he pushes them forward . Maxwell does have a remarkable voice and he can write really good modern soul songs -- it 's just that he has a tendency to think that 's not enough and then he overstuffs his songs with ideas that lead nowhere which is why this CD floped so hard . Luckily he reedemed himself with Fortunate in 1999 and his thrid CD NOW in 2001 . Because this CD almost destroyed a promsing carrer .
 I do n't even get what some of these songs are about . The single stood out most and there were maybe 2 other tolerable songs but the others left me lost.I 've been meaning to write this review forever but never got around to it . Forgot about it even . But then I started listening to Maxwell 's `` Til The Cops Come Knocking '' , came here to see the actual name for the CD it was on -LRB- could n't remember -RRB- and kinda saw this CD right after his debut . . I was like , `` OK . Time to speak my mind . `` The sounds are very different and it will take you forever to understand what he 's talking about on some of these songs.I bought it for less than 7 bucks used but hey , that 's cause I 'm a fan of some of the songs he 's done in the past -LRB- Til The Cops ... Lifetime , This Woman 's Work , etc. . . -RRB- and will always be a fan of his smooth vocal delivery.Should have just purchased Maxwell 's Urban Hang Suite ... ^_^ 1.8 stars.End Note
 This album was terrible . Imagine soul without the soul . Maxwell passed up the opportunity to make quality music , and opted for pretension . SAVE YOUR MONEY , PEOPLE ! I used to be a fan but not anymore . He needs to go find Terrence Trent D'arby and share sophomore slump stories with him .
 I LIKE MAXWELL BUTTHIS ALBUM WAS BLENDEDTOO MUCH YOUCAN BARELYTELL THE SONGS APARTFROM ONE ANOTHERTHAT 'S WHY I GAVE ITONE STAR IF ONLYTHERE WAS SOME DIVERSITYHERE WITH THE TRACKS I WOULDHAVE GIVEN IT 5 STARS .
 Not a bad CD , the riffs are good , but some of the lyrics venture off into Spinal Tap territory with the sexual metaphors and images that I had to laugh at some of those . In other songs , the lyrics were more creative , but most of the time they just got in the way for me . However , like I said the riffs are pretty solid throghout .
 so far this cd has gotten 4 and a half stars on average , give me a break , you would have to pay me to listen to this , it gets boring sooo fast so dont waste your money . it does however have a couple of good tracks like space lord and something else . all well pretty much i hate it . It makes me wan na lift my head up high and blow my brains out .
 Monster Magnet 's song powertrip and an excellent peice of music , although the rest of the CD is hardly as well done as this song , in fact it is not very good at all .
 This is a horrible cd . If it 's 80 's type hair bands that you are into then maybe this is the one for you but i have never heard such an horrible sound in my life . The constant screaming does nothing for the album . Dear MR magnet please do us all a favor and stop torturing us .
 That about sums it up . Monster Magnet suck barnyard animals
 i agree the selections are iffy , and there are better versions , but my main complaint is much like the old , ` where is the beef ' ad.just where is the organ ... minimal is the answer . i bght this to hear mostly heavy duty organ , this did not even begin to satisfy that yen .
 the first trevor rabin solo album i picked up was `` ca n't look away '' and loved it . ever since i 've been trying to find some of his earlier material . i think i will end my quest after listeninig to this one . it 's got some catchy riffs here and there , but overall it 's pretty cheesy .
 I am a long time fan and have read most everything out there about Lee and his fights with the record labels.This album was a contractual requirement and not something that he really wanted to do . So he came up with a few songs and stretched them to the limit . Unfortunately for us fans that bought the records , it was a painful thing.I would n't recommend this to anyone . Get the rest of his catalog - that is much better representation of his work .
 I bought this as a record years ago . I was sadly disappointed . It just did n't have Lee 's Classic Sound I had grown to love.The whole thing just dragged on like he was sedated . The fact that there were only four songs did n't help . It lacks imagination . I traded my copy to a second-hand record store . Sorry Lee , nothing personel ! I give it a D + .
 I 'm not going to tell everyone that this is a horrible cd and call the band sellouts , why ? , because I 'm not an idiot who hates eveything . My honest idea of the cd was that they were n't playing anthing that i had n't heard on other punk/pop cd 's although i am a fan of punk music , the cd was just too predictable . I play guitar myself and could arlready tell the basic feel of the song within the first song . Do n't buy this unless your one of those people who has been led to believe that the only acceptable rock music is christian rock music because think you will burn hell otherwise .
 this album is slowing going the way of pop . and is also slowly going the way of selling-out . some of the lyrics are emotional , i 'll give them a two on that , but they left tooth and nail records for a & m. they have gained many new fans , but have lost some of the original ones in the process . i like mxpx and look forward to seeing a live album and a album of unrealsed and stuff off their 7 '' records , but with them being on a & m , they will never have the same feel as they did on tooth and nail .
 This one was not nearly as good as the other ones . It just did n't have the mxpx magic . There were a couple songs that were good . most of it was just stupid . If you are really into the band , buy it . If not I would suggest Life in general for a first time listener.Don ' t get me wrong these guys are good.just not this CD maybe they are to old now ???
 MxPx is one of the best punk bands ever . I 've listened to them since Pokinatcha , and theyre next two albums blew me away . I had very high hopes for this record , but it came extremely short of them . Yuri does n't do those really fast heel-toe beats at all on this record , which was a big part of what made them so good to begin with . Also , I did n't notice any religious references on this record . I 'm not christian at all , in fact I 'm islamic , but it was always nice to hear a good band try to push a good message along , and I do n't think I heard any of that on this . To sum it up , MxPx seem to have lost their punk roots and gone in a more mainstream rock direction . It 's a good cd , but is mediocre compared to previous material .
 The first two songs I ever heard from MxPx were Grey Skies Turn Blue and Wrecking Hotel Rooms and I completely loved them . I was looking for more of the same when I bought this album and what I found was all fast , hard rock . I bought this album because it was so highly recommended both here and on various christian rock playlists . Now it 's not like I do n't like this style of music , it 's just that virtually every song sounds the same because of the same overbearing drum rhythm . I 'm hoping that it grows on me , but at the moment I 'm kind of repulsed by it.If anyone knows any songs or artists that are closer in style to the first two songs I mentioned , please email me at erpartlan@yahoo.com . Haha , do n't worry , I 'm not a kid , I just do n't have an account . Also , can anyone tell me if the other songs in Panic sound anything like the songs in this one ?
 Um this is n't very good . If you want to know about sellout then ask this band . Jesus takes backseat to a bunch of crappy girl songs . A lot of the songs or pretty boring . It does have high parts -LRB- I 'm OK You 're OK , Fist vs. Tact -RRB- but most of it kinda blows . Get Pokinatcha or Life in General just because they 're way better . Just because one song say Jesus does n't mean you are still a Christian band
 mxpx has become one of the most successful christian bands in the world -LRB- no THE most , but up there with the biggest -RRB- . i 've read some reviews you guys have written , and i just have to say that if they were on fire for the lord , they would n't be aiming for success . they would be trying to minister and witness to unsaved people . they are so gifted yet waste their talent on the fame and glory this world has to offer . i ; m not saying they are not saved , i 'm just saying that they are not good representatives of the living god living inside of them . your bro in christ , elliott eichel
 MxPx tries to follow in the path of other great hardcore/punk bands from the West Coast like Pennywise , AFI , Jughead 's Revenge , etc. but fail dismally . Has n't this uninspired hardcore and noise faded away to times remembered ? Why would we want to relive this ? I know I wo n't !!!
 Only in America could people get away with this stuff . I 'm a big fan of punk , good punk . This is not good punk . Every review has stated that `` the boys from MxPx are all grown up . '' NOthing could be farther from the truth ! These songs may be a little more developed musically , but the lyrics seem to be written by someone no older than 12 . For beginners , take the song Party At My House , Be There , never before have I heard such mindless , childless lyrics ! This seems to me like the boys may be getting older in age , but moving back in maturity . My theory is that they had some financial problems , -LRB- got too many tattoos and found themselves out of cash probably -RRB- and needed some extra money , so along comes this piece of trash . DO N'T BUY IT !
 This is a poor effert . I 'm sorry , but this album is a complete toss out . I simply wasted my money . This band belongs back in the early nineties
 MXPX represent everything that is wrong with modern `` punk rock '' -LRB- ha , using that term to describe this tripe is enough to make me laugh out loud -RRB- ... complacent , rehashed green day melodies , contained and boring songs that all sound identical , and , OF COURSE , pre pubescent vocals and lyrics about ex girlfriends or hanging at the mall . It 's `` punk '' with the edges dulled , `` punk '' that you can listen to with your mommy.Basically , the music is as contrived as their squeaky clean church club image and prep school hair dos . The fact that MXPX reside on an inpendent label is just a footnote attached to the fact they are interchangeable with the blink 182s and new found glories of the world ... you know , once punk rock was about rebelling against the establishment . now it IS the establishment.welcome to 2002
 Punk rock , from day one , was anti-religion in all it 's forms . It was about anti-oppression and anti-control . MxPx not only embraces the fascist god in their music , the music itself is horrible ! I 'm not giving a blind judgement ; I owned the CD . It got extremely tedious and boring . In summary , the CD is bland , the music is boring , and all the things christianity supports , i.e. homophobia , racism , sexism , etc. are atrocious . If you like the type of music , I 'd advise you to support a band with better morals . DOWN WITH CHRISTIAN PUNK ! Write me with agreements or hate mail .
 I 'm going to have to disagree with these folks on this one , this CD is full of songs that sound like bad take-offs of those from `` The Ever Passing Moment '' . I realize that Ever Passing came after this CD , but my opinion stands . I like MXPX but I thought this CD could have been a lot better .
 If U like to have an idea about what Zorba 's music is , or u are researching Greek music then u may buy this CD as a reference , but I have to warn u that the quality of the CD 's sound is terrible , , , If u would like to hear some great Greek music both some contemporary and traditional try George Dalaras and Haris Alexiou If u want a solid and sound advise whether or not to buy the CD . . I say this is the one to buy if U wonder what is Zorba 's Music
 I had bought this Cd as a Christmas gift for my son who plays the oboe . By the time Christmas arrived and he opened the Cd , a couple of months had already passed . To my great disappointment we found that the Cd does not work . We tried to clean it but still no result . Unfortunately the time limit when we could return the item had passed . Therefore we have not had the privilege to hear this Cd .
 We were n't able to use this one ... too pop-culture . Even the younger people at our wedding thought it was too goofy to use .
 this album is slowing going the way of pop . and is also slowly going the way of selling-out . some of the lyrics are emotional , i 'll give them a two on that , but they left tooth and nail records for a & m. they have gained many new fans , but have lost some of the original ones in the process . i like mxpx and look forward to seeing a live album and a album of unrealsed and stuff off their 7 '' records , but with them being on a & m , they will never have the same feel as they did on tooth and nail .
 This one was not nearly as good as the other ones . It just did n't have the mxpx magic . There were a couple songs that were good . most of it was just stupid . If you are really into the band , buy it . If not I would suggest Life in general for a first time listener.Don ' t get me wrong these guys are good.just not this CD maybe they are to old now ???
 MxPx is one of the best punk bands ever . I 've listened to them since Pokinatcha , and theyre next two albums blew me away . I had very high hopes for this record , but it came extremely short of them . Yuri does n't do those really fast heel-toe beats at all on this record , which was a big part of what made them so good to begin with . Also , I did n't notice any religious references on this record . I 'm not christian at all , in fact I 'm islamic , but it was always nice to hear a good band try to push a good message along , and I do n't think I heard any of that on this . To sum it up , MxPx seem to have lost their punk roots and gone in a more mainstream rock direction . It 's a good cd , but is mediocre compared to previous material .
 The first two songs I ever heard from MxPx were Grey Skies Turn Blue and Wrecking Hotel Rooms and I completely loved them . I was looking for more of the same when I bought this album and what I found was all fast , hard rock . I bought this album because it was so highly recommended both here and on various christian rock playlists . Now it 's not like I do n't like this style of music , it 's just that virtually every song sounds the same because of the same overbearing drum rhythm . I 'm hoping that it grows on me , but at the moment I 'm kind of repulsed by it.If anyone knows any songs or artists that are closer in style to the first two songs I mentioned , please email me at erpartlan@yahoo.com . Haha , do n't worry , I 'm not a kid , I just do n't have an account . Also , can anyone tell me if the other songs in Panic sound anything like the songs in this one ?
 Um this is n't very good . If you want to know about sellout then ask this band . Jesus takes backseat to a bunch of crappy girl songs . A lot of the songs or pretty boring . It does have high parts -LRB- I 'm OK You 're OK , Fist vs. Tact -RRB- but most of it kinda blows . Get Pokinatcha or Life in General just because they 're way better . Just because one song say Jesus does n't mean you are still a Christian band
 I 'm not going to tell everyone that this is a horrible cd and call the band sellouts , why ? , because I 'm not an idiot who hates eveything . My honest idea of the cd was that they were n't playing anthing that i had n't heard on other punk/pop cd 's although i am a fan of punk music , the cd was just too predictable . I play guitar myself and could arlready tell the basic feel of the song within the first song . Do n't buy this unless your one of those people who has been led to believe that the only acceptable rock music is christian rock music because think you will burn hell otherwise .
 mxpx has become one of the most successful christian bands in the world -LRB- no THE most , but up there with the biggest -RRB- . i 've read some reviews you guys have written , and i just have to say that if they were on fire for the lord , they would n't be aiming for success . they would be trying to minister and witness to unsaved people . they are so gifted yet waste their talent on the fame and glory this world has to offer . i ; m not saying they are not saved , i 'm just saying that they are not good representatives of the living god living inside of them . your bro in christ , elliott eichel
 MxPx tries to follow in the path of other great hardcore/punk bands from the West Coast like Pennywise , AFI , Jughead 's Revenge , etc. but fail dismally . Has n't this uninspired hardcore and noise faded away to times remembered ? Why would we want to relive this ? I know I wo n't !!!
 Only in America could people get away with this stuff . I 'm a big fan of punk , good punk . This is not good punk . Every review has stated that `` the boys from MxPx are all grown up . '' NOthing could be farther from the truth ! These songs may be a little more developed musically , but the lyrics seem to be written by someone no older than 12 . For beginners , take the song Party At My House , Be There , never before have I heard such mindless , childless lyrics ! This seems to me like the boys may be getting older in age , but moving back in maturity . My theory is that they had some financial problems , -LRB- got too many tattoos and found themselves out of cash probably -RRB- and needed some extra money , so along comes this piece of trash . DO N'T BUY IT !
 This is a poor effert . I 'm sorry , but this album is a complete toss out . I simply wasted my money . This band belongs back in the early nineties
 MXPX represent everything that is wrong with modern `` punk rock '' -LRB- ha , using that term to describe this tripe is enough to make me laugh out loud -RRB- ... complacent , rehashed green day melodies , contained and boring songs that all sound identical , and , OF COURSE , pre pubescent vocals and lyrics about ex girlfriends or hanging at the mall . It 's `` punk '' with the edges dulled , `` punk '' that you can listen to with your mommy.Basically , the music is as contrived as their squeaky clean church club image and prep school hair dos . The fact that MXPX reside on an inpendent label is just a footnote attached to the fact they are interchangeable with the blink 182s and new found glories of the world ... you know , once punk rock was about rebelling against the establishment . now it IS the establishment.welcome to 2002
 Punk rock , from day one , was anti-religion in all it 's forms . It was about anti-oppression and anti-control . MxPx not only embraces the fascist god in their music , the music itself is horrible ! I 'm not giving a blind judgement ; I owned the CD . It got extremely tedious and boring . In summary , the CD is bland , the music is boring , and all the things christianity supports , i.e. homophobia , racism , sexism , etc. are atrocious . If you like the type of music , I 'd advise you to support a band with better morals . DOWN WITH CHRISTIAN PUNK ! Write me with agreements or hate mail .
 I 'm going to have to disagree with these folks on this one , this CD is full of songs that sound like bad take-offs of those from `` The Ever Passing Moment '' . I realize that Ever Passing came after this CD , but my opinion stands . I like MXPX but I thought this CD could have been a lot better .
 I just ca n't stand this song . I hate it ! Paula Cole sounds like a sniffly crybaby whining about not wanting to wait . Although she has quite an admirable following , I think this song is dreadful . I hate it ! It is very annoying , very whiny , very self-pitying . You 'd be better off listing to something else instead . This stinks .
 Avoid . Swedish 70 's cheesy synth porn music . Well if you like that sort of thing then BUY IT NOW ! Lord of the Rings is a classic piece of literature and so deserves a classic piece of instrumental story telling , not hippies on acid or crusty old Moog enthusiasts musing over the filter settings that Bo may have used .
 Wow , I ca n't believe how cheesy the music was . I mean it is VERY 70s - pull out the lava lamps and beads . I did n't think that the music in any way was evocative of the story . Lots of synthesizers , lots of drums and symbols - very techno stuff . There is no depth , no warmth , and no charm to this music . I suppose it could remind you of Tolkien 's work ... if you 're on drugs . Too surreal , dude .
 These songs only remind me of one thing . Bad seventies ... . music on saturday night live . It is a disgrace to J.R.R. Tolkien and should have never been written
 Neil Finn is without doubt one of the best songwriters of this era . With Crowded House his tunes were mixed with ever more innovativness reaching a pinnacle with Together Alone , among the best albums of the last decade . Try Whistling This sadly shows that he needs a tight unit to breathe life and energy into his songs . There are exactly two outstanding tracks on this release , the catchy summer tune She Will Have Her Way and the spooky Sinner . Most of the rest lacks the spark that Crowded House seemed to produce in their sleep . A few tracks are even hardly b-side material . Neil obviously needs a group of musicians around him , not session players , to highlight his own talents .
 Hey Tim , why do n't you wait until you have enough good songs to fill out an album ? There 's no need to hurry and release `` product . '' When you do that you start making smelly albums like this . Pee-you .
 I searched for a CD that featured whistling and this CD was among the results . I listened to over half of the CD without hearing a single note of whistling ... and I assume there is none on the rest of the CD either.Needless to say , I am quite disappointed !
 So much bollocks is written about Neil Finn and his prowess as a songwriter . I was delighted to hear that amongst the two or three really memorable songs , there 's an awful lot of padding . It just proves that the man is mortal . His next solo offering will be the one to judge him by . He may have then dispensed with some of the ` studio toys ' which render some of these songs as mildly irritating .
 This is one of the best albums I have ever heard by Neil Finn , as good as anything he did with Crowded House . My original copy was lost and so I decided to get a new one . This re-issue is very poorly made and the sound was like a cheap MP3 copy , it even looks like something you ` ld buy in Chinatown . I was very disappointed .
 Was given this great album for my birthday last week , and sad to say must return it . Shoddy mastering , just awful . You 'd think at least , with an artist of this stature , they 'd remaster , but no . Great album , pisspoor run .
 I 'm a huge Neil Finn fan , and bought this back in 1998 . Lost my hard copy , and purchased one just a few weeks ago . Bad pressing , which I 'm sorry to say carries on here ! If you listen to `` Addicted '' , there 's breakup on the low end all over the place . Amazon needs to demand the record company fix this and replace everything , including the mp3 's .
 I 've been a Neil Finn fan practically my whole adult life . First I become exposed to his brilliance via I Got You , the break through song of Split Enz a quarter of a century ago . That album , True Colours , is jam packed with great melodies and fun arrangements . Although their later albums did not match that peak , they were still enjoyable . When Crowded House became huge , I liked their albums ever more . Their first one , despite including the classic Do n't Dream It 's Over , is their least interesting one but during the final album , Together Alone , Neil Finn and Crowded House were making among the best music of that era.I was obviously very excited when Neil Finn released -LRB- Try Whistling -RRB- this album ; what would he deliver this time being alone and apparently with all the freedom to experiment ? Before hearing the album in its entirety , I heard She Will Have Her Way and Sinner , both great tracks and worthy classics . She Will is a straight forward song in a Beatles-esque fashion whilst Sinner is a dark moody track with a haunting rhythm . Sadly , these were the only tracks worth any attention . The production of the album is very flat , everything very professional like but lacking an edge . The songs really never come to life . I tried several times listening to the album , hoping I would get it , but no , this is for me an album that lacked a creative spark , something I ca n't say about anything else I had heard by Neil Finn -LRB- his next studio album , live album and recent one with his brother are for example much better -RRB- . Actually , this is the only Neil Finn release that has not been a favorite of mine.It is interesting but this album gets high marks from many reviewers , actually most reviewers . My sister and one of my best friends are also big Neil Finn fans . Their reaction to this album was , however , almost identical to mine , close to being boring and not living up to expectations . It was also a commercial failure so it will remain a mystery to me how many people enjoy it . My advice , however , is to leave this one alone and listen to practically everything else by Neil Finn .
 Aside from `` Sinner '' and `` She Will Have Her Way , '' it appears that the usually brilliant singer-songwriter has lost his touch . Do n't believe the five star reviews . Where are the hooks ? One more like this and it 's `` Hey now , hey now , your career is over . ''
 After reading all of the raving reviews of Try Whistling this -LRB- and also seing him live at the Theater Royal -RRB- I went out a bought my self a copy . What a Disappointment ! Apart from a few good songs , the rest , I 'm sad to say , was fairly boring and uninteresting . Now , dont get me wrong . Im a HUGE Split Enz / Crowded House fan , but seing him live was far better than this album . He also done lots of really good non album tracks , such a ` Tokyo ' and other cool songs which I cant remember . The songs here lack life on the whole ... . often starting in a fairly plodding fashion forcing listener to fastfoward to when the singing starts ... . and the lyrics are a bunch of corny twiddle . Basically ... . this album SUCKS .
 Wow . Only two songs out of this whole album even approximate Neil 's customary brilliance -LRB- `` Sinner '' and `` Truth '' -RRB- . This is the very least-involving CD he 's ever made , further testament to the fact that comfy home and hearth often make musicians very dull boys . Almost makes me wish he would have another falling out with his brother or stray from the marriage bed again -- such terrible events seemed to light a fire under him -LRB- e.g. `` Temple , '' parts of `` Woodface , '' `` Together Alone , '' `` Finn Bros. '' -RRB- . Tsk , tsk .
 I have all of their albums and this one sucks compared to the other albums . Do not hesitate to buy any of the previous albums . You will not be disappointed these guys are awesome !!!
 I like really smooth jazz - the kind that you can listen to while cruising down the boulevard in a convertible on a cool night and only 2 tracks fit the bill
 Fans of either the `` classic '' Alice Cooper -LRB- Billion Dollar Babies , School 's Out -RRB- or the newer stuff -LRB- Trash , Last Temptation -RRB- should consider leaving this selection on the shelf . It 's watered-down , overproduced -LRB- lots of sythnesizers and electronic drums -RRB- , and lacking much of the edge and wit present on just about any other Alice album .
 This album combines the Raise Your Fist and Constrictor albums of the mid to late 80 's . I 'd recomend you buy those 2 albums on there own rather then this rip-off . I call it a rip off because I know for a fact that all the tracks from both Raise Your Fist and Constrictor fit onto the same 80 minute CD and still have room left for a bonus track or 2 ! So instead of picking out a random few off each album , they should have combined the two complete albums and put them on this and maybe included `` Hard Rock Summer in the USA '' , `` Be Crool To Your Skool '' or `` Under My Wheels -LRB- Feat . Guns N Roses -RRB- , `` I got a line or you '' or even one of the alternate versions of `` He 's back ''
 I guess it 's no surprise that the reviews for this disc are all over the place . `` Top album for 1970 '' -LRB- reviewer ` Fossil Wood ' says -RRB- ? Well , tough to rank it over Simon and Garfunkle 's ` Bridge Over Troubled Waters ' , or Neil Young 's ` After the Goldrush ' . `` SRC fades away with the psychedelic era '' -LRB- reviewer ' a music fan ' says -RRB- ? Well , they certainly did fade away , touting only an unreleased fourth album -LRB- ` Lost Masters ' , finally released in 1993 -RRB- after this one , but their connections to the psychedelic era were somewhat tenuous , save their far out album covers and Edwardian stage apparel . The band was more into mainstream rock with a hint of the blues than anything else , their biggest hit being a cover of Skip James ' ` I 'm So Glad ' . They generally featured tight arrangements , but this disc seems to find them searching for a sound , and the progressive-rock feel they are apparently aspiring to was simply a poor fit.The strength of SRC was always the intense guitar work of one Gary Quackenbush , but due to a motorcycle accident , Quackenbush was replaced by Ray Goodman for this outing . Goodman is a talented player , and his performance is one of the appeals on ` Traveler 's Tale ' . Quackenbush may have been missed , but the lead guitar runs on this disc are nothing to sneeze at . Goodman is supported by the swirling organ sounds characteristic of late 1960 's / early 1970 's rock , and a driving rhythm section . As always , lead vocalist Scott Richardson delivers smooth , almost too precisely enunciated lyrics ... but on the up-side with SRC , you will seldom find yourself hunting for a lyrics sheet.There are several epic tracks on the disc , and one is the opener , ' A New Crusader ' , a high energy number running over seven minutes . It 's a good tune , but not a blockbuster . It 's also perhaps the finest composition on the disc , which does n't portend well . ` Street Without a Name ' follows , a mid-tempo blues-rock track with a psychedelic twist , and appealing fuzzy guitar leads . ` Midnight Fever ' is one part organ , one part lead guitar , each with its own channel , and served on the rocks . ` Never Before Now ' is a rock ballad , with more quality guitar , but relegated to the coda . ` By Way of You ' takes the award for best riff in the nine song set , adding a catchy chorus and a diverging bridge to the mix . ` Diana ' features a tribal rhythm along with razor-sharp organ and piano runs in tribute to , of course , Diana . Tracks seven and eight get back to the prog-rock epic mode . ` Across the Land of Light ' is an instrumental that gives way at the three minute mark to a low-key bridge , before returning to a guitar driven finish . ` The Offering ' is a six minute , vocal centered excursion with orchestral backing . Even though the vocals gain the emphasis , they are fairly pedestrian -LRB- `` Please accept my offering , for you I would do anything '' -RRB- , a frequent weakness in SRC compositions . Winding up the set is a barroom blues romp , ` My Fortunes Coming True ' , built on some paunchy , nasty guitar lines.It 's fairly easy to see why SRC did n't have much success beyond the exitement generated by their first album and early singles . Their compositions are generic , seemingly constructed as much to not offend as they are to please their audience . Certainly one or two break-out numbers would have gone a long way in propping up the band , which gained a widespread local following in metropolitan Detroit before disintegrating under the weight of national anonymity . ` Traveler 's Tale ' is an interesting listen , but wo n't warrant many repeat visits to the CD changer . And do n't let the mind-boggling price mislead you ... it 's expensive not due to demand , but due to lack of demand .
 As the psychedelic era faded away at the dawn of the '70s , SRC was a band without a sound . Traveler 's Tale , their third album , was not quite psychedelic , not quite progressive , not quite commercial ... it 's a tepid album in search of a musical personality . It also suffers from the absence of Gary Quackenbush on lead guitar , who left after two albums and was replaced by less-talented guitarist Ray Goodman.The album was also poorly produced , with a muddy sound further clouding the murky musical waters . This was their final shot on a major label -LRB- Capitol -RRB- . Their two previous albums -LRB- SRC and Milestones -RRB- are much preferred over this one .
 Look no further than the Tub Scene track . This hot , sexy scene has great music . Why would you buy this CD if you did n't like this track ? At the end of this piece , the last thirty seconds are overlaid with dialogue from another scene entirely . Remember when J.Lo has to listen to that creep talk about Toughie the dog and how he would tussle with her , and give her a bone ? Those sick lines are the last thirty seconds of the Tub Scene track.The other tracks are also affected . Hopefully David Holmes will one day offer a pure version of this album for download from online-only music stores , since producing a second CD would cost too much .
 Most sound tracks give you the music as full song that are remixed to full audio quality . This on sounded as if someone held up a microphone in the middle of the movie theater.A VERY disappointing CD .
 A great movie with a wonderful score is sold short with this dialogue riddled fiasco . Whoever made the decision to have talking , and radio tuning at the head of various tracks owes a heartfelt apology to David Holmes -LRB- Composer -RRB- . Mr. Holmes inspired score is humiliated by chatter , and various creative tinkerings by , I suspect , the pasty fingers of a musical fool .
 This group is from Ireland but they are n't singing any Irish music , just `` New Age '' music that gets quite boring .
 In spite of the fetching picture of the Bulgarian ladies on the cover , this CD contains traditional Hungarian Folk music by the group Maros.The style tend more towards the restaurant-operetta rather than the later raw peasant-y emphasis of the Tanchaz movement of the 70s . Vocalists are backed by an orchestra that includes a cimbalom . Overall the songs are pleasantly produced and the vocals easily discernable . Songs include `` Piros Kancso , Piros Bor '' , `` Repulj Madar '' and `` Egy Szem Buza , Egy Szem Rosz '' among others .
 What a disappointment . I know they 're Prince fans but even he could n't get away releasing a CD as bad `` Dearest '' . This might have been an okay CD if they had never released `` Wept '' . Expectations were much greater , sorry .
 Fans of either the `` classic '' Alice Cooper -LRB- Billion Dollar Babies , School 's Out -RRB- or the newer stuff -LRB- Trash , Last Temptation -RRB- should consider leaving this selection on the shelf . It 's watered-down , overproduced -LRB- lots of sythnesizers and electronic drums -RRB- , and lacking much of the edge and wit present on just about any other Alice album .
 This album combines the Raise Your Fist and Constrictor albums of the mid to late 80 's . I 'd recomend you buy those 2 albums on there own rather then this rip-off . I call it a rip off because I know for a fact that all the tracks from both Raise Your Fist and Constrictor fit onto the same 80 minute CD and still have room left for a bonus track or 2 ! So instead of picking out a random few off each album , they should have combined the two complete albums and put them on this and maybe included `` Hard Rock Summer in the USA '' , `` Be Crool To Your Skool '' or `` Under My Wheels -LRB- Feat . Guns N Roses -RRB- , `` I got a line or you '' or even one of the alternate versions of `` He 's back ''
 My spouse and I bought this CD to practice dancing the fox-trot . Only tracks 7-10 work for the `` slow-slow , quick-quick '' fox-trot . The CD sleeve also discusses the faster `` one-step '' fox-trot , which the majority of the CD is more suited for . People who are just learning fox-trot may find the songs with the faster tempos too difficult to dance to . Overall , though , it 's an ok dance CD .
 The CD is okay ... but its not worth buying there are three much better albums that are worth your hard earned dollars : Performer / Album / ASINMariachi Vargas de Tecalitlan / Aniversario 100 / B00000160KMariachi Los Camperos / Viva el Mariachi / B00006BXKBMariachi Cobre / Mariachi Cobre / B0000018XP
 Thirteen bucks for 2 songs , one of which appears on the main album . I guess Gilmour does have a lot to `` Smile '' about ... the foolish , gullible fanboys who continue to support his mediocre garbage.Roger Waters is the only man responsible for PF 's themes , lyrics , albums , concepts , melodies ... and Gilmour 's career . It 's Roger 's pig . It 's Gilmour 's fog machine .
 R. Kelly has always been known to generally make material that rides the fine line between brilliant and corny . After releasing three good albums , he got into the famous `` double-album '' craze that plagued much of 1998 . Thus , we have his album titled `` R. '' , but if rappers ' double albums are rarely received well , then how can it work if it 's R&B ; ? There are some great songs on here , but basically , as other people said , `` R. '' is over two hours of the same song . Things start off interesting enough , though , on Disc 1 , the stronger of the two discs . Labelmate Keith Murray joins in on the fun in the party-starter , `` Home Alone '' , while R. Kelly drops the sensual song , `` Get Up on a Room '' -LRB- even though he 's yodeling -RRB- . The `` Opera '' song is hilarious -LRB- you ca n't possibly take that song seriously -RRB- , and everything else is good except for the lame `` Only the Loot Can Make Me Happy '' . But as soon as you start hearing the Lenny Williams-esque `` Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh '' adlibs that he keeps doing , you realize that you 're in for a disappointment . Like all double albums , you have to sit through some filler . And there is a LOT of filler . `` Dollar Bill '' finds Foxy Brown biting Lil ' Kim 's flow as she trades verses with ... R. Kelly ?!? Yep , he started to rap again , but he 's rapping like it 's still 1993 . Also , there are too many sequels -LRB- `` 2nd Kelly '' , `` Down Low Double Life '' -RRB- that may make you forget about highlights like `` Looking for Love '' -LRB- you think that it 's a song about a female but it 's really about God -RRB- . Tracks like `` I 'm Your Angel '' -LRB- with Celine Dion -RRB- may make you sick to the stomach while people may scratch their head wondering why the two-year old `` I Believe I Can Fly '' is on here . Kelly 's next album was n't any better and I have n't heard his new album yet , but I wonder if he 'll ever reach 12 Play status again because he sure did n't here .
 i am not an r.kelly fan . i do n't have posters of him up on my wall . i do n't know every little of trivia about it , but i respect him as an artist , and i love him for his persistence to be a COMPLETE ARTIST ! . his last 3 albums have taken me down avenues i 've never thought of venturing into . his last album should be considered a landmark in modern day ` soul/r & b/funk ' . he is a writer , composer and a vocalist . very rare in this day and age . with all that in mind , i have to say R is possibly the worst album i 've heard this year . i was expecting so much , i got so little . when the beats are strong , the lyrics are weak and vice versa . he 's matured as a songwriter , but the album shows his lust for money . he basically sold out . changed the style , and did n't look back . r.kelly fans , do n't hate me . maybe next time he 'll remember where his roots are , and where he came from . think about it objectively .
 the new r. kelly double c.d. chock full of guest rap and r. and b. stars packs a few moments of funk , but honestly , mr. kelly . you did all this before AND better with public announcement , plus the earlier solo cds . and by constantly reiterating about his bank account stupidly justifies the reason why he made this a double cd . it may be platinum on the studio wall , but is it platinum in the mind , body , and soul ? we do n't need r. kelly rapping without any poetic style and shamelessly brag about your womanizing . sadly , we have the puff daddy to do that . at least he copies off other people , but self-parody ? you 're much more gifted than that .
 I DID N'T GET TO ENJOY THE C D BECAUSE IT WAS STRATCHED WHEN I GOT IT . I HAD TO SEND IT BACK TO THE SENDER .
 The 2nd CD for this disc had R.Kelly 's logo and album info on it , but when played , it was actually a kid 's Christmas album ???!!!
 I was shocked when I heard your latest CD . Why must you exploit women ? I would like to know are you going to do any more duets . I think you should sing a song with the girl Miracle , the one that was on your tour a couple of years ago . I like your voice and I think that you too could make great music together , or would Sparkle get jealous . It 's just business and besides , there 's nothing like a good love song .
 R-KELLY HAD IT ALL ... THAT IS UNTIL HE SOLD OUT AND IS TRYING TO PLAY BOTH FIELDS -LRB- old school , remember howLUTHER used to be ?? -RRB- IF U WANT A GOOD C.D.THAT TOOK R-KELLY TO THE TOP AND THEN HE DROPED ... GO BUY THE '' PUBLIC ANNONCEMENT '' '' C.D. . THERE U WILL FINDWERE R-KELLY SHOULD OF KEEP WITH !!! AND U WILLHAVE MONEY LEFT OVER TO BUY HIS EARLYER C.D.s WITH THEM ...
 GGGGGAAAAABBBBAAAGGGGEEE ... GET OFF NAS 'S DI *
 i cant believe you people would pay money to get this cd . the only good song on the cd is `` did you ever think '' -LRB- feat . nas -RRB- , and the only reason it 's any good is because of nas . if you do n't have this cd , use your money on a nas , 2pac or other good RAP cd .
 If I had to do it all again , I would have bought the single for ` Home Alone ' and skipped the CD . Most of the songs on this album are not enjoyable for listeners over the age of 20 . ` Only the Loot Can Make Me Happy ' is a rediculous remake of Surface 's ` Only You Can Make Me Happy ' . At least the Surface version was based on emotion , not materialism .
 I know it may be hard , but before you read this review , try to forget about all the trouble R. Kelly is in right now . This is because all that was n't going on back in 1998 -LRB- well , you know what I mean -RRB- , when this album was released , and I thus do n't think it should affect this album.In my opinion , this album marked the beginning of R 's musical downfall ; the downfall being his new style . I liked him better when he was n't hardcore , and anyway , being a good hardcore R&B ; artist is not an easy task
 I listened to this CD expecting some nice beats and straight lyrics because R. Kelly has always seemed to put out some decent stuff , but not this time . Out of the 2 CD 's , I could only get into like 4 songs . Everything sounded like everything else .
 I have total disrespect for someone who swears that God is in their lives , do an article -LRB- Ebony -RRB- about the change in their life and then turn around and do a CD that describe their lust for money . I will give him props for `` When a Woman is Fed Up '' and the duet with Celine Dion . Other than that , he should have left the `` I 'm Changed '' lie alone and stuck with his wild lifestyle . I had much more respect for him as a person then .
 though r kelly is a talented song-writer , arranger and producer this two disc set is one to many.home alone , if i could turn back the hands of time and a few more songs make the cut.but it becomes more excess than substance.and way to many guests .
 To make a DOUBLE cd is one thing , but to make a MEDIOCRE double cd is sad !!! The only songs I really listen to are `` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' -LRB- the best song on the album -RRB- and `` Get Up on a Room . '' Most of the other songs are fast-forward material . And please R. Kelly , STOP TRYING TO RAP ON YOUR SONGS !!! Leave that to the real rappers !!! I hope your next album is better .
 This album is another example of how artists want to go platinum easily by double CDing their album . There are songs that sound good and others that do n't . He should have just made one CD . But I give him props because he is talented in what he is doing .
 First of all , everything ran together , I felt like I was listening to the same song over and over . He got down on When a Woman 's fed up and the cut with Keith Murray , but other than that , straight garbage !
 I am so dissapointed that an artist with so much talent will put out garbage like this.Afer the release of the previous C.D. I felt like Mr.Kelly was growing and maturing into a great artist.Please R.KELLY do n't sell your soul to sell records.With your great talent you should be making timeless artistic music.ie : Marvin Gaye , Stevie Wonder , Donny Hathaway , etc.Please use your god given gift to write and produce quality music on your next release .
 It is just too hyped up and his songs are cheezy like `` Half On A Baby . '' What 's up with that ?
 This album is da bomb , but why are the songs 3 minutes now in 2005 . It is just hard to understand i hope r kelly makes his tracks five minutes next time . Good album though .
 I have to say that `` Dark at the End of the Tunnel '' was a real dissapointment to me . This album really seems to be the dropping off point where the band loses it 's frenetic energy and starts getting awfully sappy . The spooky stuff is n't spooky . -LRB- SKIN -RRB- The energetic stuff sounds pretty tired . -LRB- When the Lights Go Out -RRB- and the rest of it sounds like something out of a cheesy self help book . `` I say do n't throw it all away ... There 's a cloud rollin overhead and it seems to rain on noone else ... When you wake up in the morning it 'll only be a dream . '' - Out of Control What is that ???????? It sounds more like reconstituted Billy Joel than the masterpieces of originality that their earlier albums were . If you 're looking for good Boingo in this sad post-Boingo era , check out `` Only a Lad '' , `` Good for your Soul '' , or the delightful `` Nothing to Fear '' . All are availible on Amazon and much more fulfilling than this piece of mediocrity . Perhaps the most fitting quote from this album is from the flacid `` Flesh and Blood '' `` We 've all been ashamed at one time or another . '' Magnificent band , wonderful people , weak album .
 I am a huge fan of Oingo Boingo and I am not from the west coast . I discovered the band in 1983 and listened to them at least once a week for about a decade . I own everything they 've ever released , in addition to some unreleased demos . They are my favorite band of all time and I am grateful every day for their music . So I am a geek for this band . I hope I 've made that clear.I have a theory about Amazon reviews , which is that most people do n't review albums they do n't like . It 's unfortunate , because it puts the reviews and ratings completely out of balance . Basically , you 'd be hard pressed to find an album that has received a large number of negative reviews -LRB- I challenge you to find an album with 10 + reviews , where at least 6 of them are not positive -RRB- . My advice
 Listening to Oingo Boingo you can tell that they are not a normal band , or would they have been considered that during their time . However when listening to this CD you get a feeling that for one reason or another they decided to give in to the popular music of the day . The result was disasterous . I think really the only song I liked on this album was `` Glory Be '' . the rest of the songs are just your typical 80s style songs . and the last song on this CD drives me crazy , I ca n't stand to listen to it . The lyrics are mindless , the tune is like nails on a chalkboard . if you have never heard Oingo Boingo prior to this , PLEASE find a different CD to start with , They have MUCH better ones .
 I am blown away seeing all these 4-star and 5-star ratings for this CD . This is Boingo 's absolute worst CD . When I make a best songs compilation , I skip right over it . A couple of songs are just `` OK '' -LRB- Skin , Flesh n ' Blood , When the Lights go Out -RRB- and that 's about it . If you are interested in Boingo , the best album is Nothing to Fear , with Good for Your Soul and Dead Man 's Party a very close second .
 The album cover sucks . The songs are absolutely pointless from the angle of both melody and lyric . Try To Believe , Right To Know , Run Away , Long Breakdown - these all repeat lyrics over and over and over and over ... you get the idea . The only things worth anything on this album are Skin and Out of Control .
 We were treated to some outright classics in the seventies but we also got served up our fair share of lame pretenders . I did n't hear Flash the first time round but bought this on the strength of the reviews they were getting on Amazon.I have not heard other Flash albums so I do not know if this CD truly represents the band , but if you give this four or five stars then I guess `` Close to the Edge '' by Yes has to get 20 . Flash are definately progressive and that they sound like the first two `` Yes '' albums is self evident but is that enough . `` Yes '' improved well past these fledgling steps.Flash seems second division to me and the singer is less than convincing . Sometimes the lyrics are clumsy and really pretentious . With so much great music out there to discover I do n't know why you would tether yourself to this . Let 's see , I could put on some early Genesis or Gentle Giant , maybe some Floyd or Groundhogs . No , I know , I 'll get out me ole Flash album , I think not .
 Flash is a spin off from Yes . Peter Banks was the guitarist on the first 2 Yes albums . He was kicked out of Yes and replaced with Steve Howe . He then formed the group Flash , which sounds a lot like early Yes , as would be expected.Tony Kaye was the original keyboardist of Yes , and played on the first 3 albums . He quit right before the fourth album to join Peter Banks in Flash . He was replace in Yes by Rick Wakeman . Kaye would later rejoin Yes during their most popular pop period -LRB- Owner of A Lonely Heart -RRB- . The first Flash album was fairly good . It featured a nice long song that got a lot of FM radio play . It also had a shorter song that shows up on 70 's soundtracks.After the first album , Kaye quit the group . This is the second Flash album and it is not very good . It does n't come close to the first album . There is n't a good song , or moving melody or interesting musical interlude on the whole ablum . It contains 3 tracks around 10 minutes and 2 shorter tracks . The total time is 40 minutes.Flash sounds like early Yes . The bass guitar player copies Chris Squire 's style of playing , only it sounds like a copy . There are a lot of places where Bank 's and Howe 's guitar picking sound similar . -LRB- A group that sounded closer to Yes was Star Castle -RRB- . Peter Banks put out a fairly nice solo ablum called the Two Sides of Peter Banks , and did a couple of minor projects and then disappeared.Nice cover .
 Sporting another politically incorrect cover to make your average feminist cringe , Peter Banks and Flash released their sophomore effort minus Tony Kaye 's Hammond organ in tow . Banks ' flashy guitar work fills much of the void in tunes like Lifetime and Black And White , but it 's downhill all the way from there . After a promising debut , Flash falls flat on this one .
 Wow ... What a price jump anyone who would pay $ 400.00 for a very good condition cd is crazy unless your a millionaire , and have nothing else to do with your money.I will wait for the re-issue version thank you.Otherwise great album Visage is one of my favorite new wave groups from the 80 's . Good Luck to the sellers
 The provenance of this LaserLight CD is detailed below , in a near-identical release of Virgil Fox performing this music , but on the Bainbridge label and titled `` The Digital Fox . '' This LaserLight release , while both inexpensive and readily available , suffers from a few major deficiencies
 Virgil Fox was without question one of the greatest technical players of the century . Unfortunately , while demonstrating incredible ability , this recording - and Fox 's myriad others - also demonstrate conclusively that he was a performer completely without taste or finesse . While I , as a musician , am admittedly awed by the tempo at which he is able to take the Widor , I am also , frankly , annoyed at the sounds he wrestles from the instrument - the organ seems to ` bark ' at the listener , owing to the harshness of his attack and articulation . And the tempo even takes its toll on him in the final bars , as his playing takes on a definite `` hang on for dear life '' edge.The Dm Toccata and Fugue -LRB- BWV 565 -RRB- sounds like a monstrous creation in the hands of a man who unashamedly classified J.S. Bach as a Romantic composer . Played by Fox , the contrapuntal majesty of the Fugue is transformed into nothing more than a technical etude for the organist , who seems bent on showing the world that he can play more notes than anyone else , and misses the point of the music completely in the process.The Franck `` Piece Heroique '' is poorly concieved , badly registered and unmusically played . Fox , once again , shows that he has no concept of phrasing and line , and seems to think it necessary to beat the music out of the instrument . The same goes for the Alain piece ; in addition , Fox 's generous liberties in tempo not only defy the composer 's instruction of unbroken motion , but make the piece so tedious that it is nearly unlistenable.For good Bach interpretations , I recommend the recordings of E. Power Biggs , Helmut Walcha , Ton Koopman , and Marie-Claire Alain . Michael Murray 's Bach is also good , if a bit heavy-handed and ponderous . If you can find Anton Heiller 's recordings of Bach , they are absolutely definitive.For recordings of the French repertoire , Marie-Claire Alain is at the very top of the list . The old recordings of Marie-Madeline Durufle-Chevalier -LRB- widow of Maurice Durufle -RRB- are excellent , and Michael Murray , a student of the late Marcel Dupre , are also worth a listen . Dupre himself made a few recordings which are difficult to find but well worth the effort , as he was probably the greatest organist of the 20th century.Virgil Fox 's recordings are worthwhile perhaps if one is a student of the instrument . Otherwise , look elsewhere for recordings that exhibit true musicianship . Fox proved again and again throughout his career that he was more interested in how fast his fingers and feet could move , than in what they had the potential to communicate .
 Virgil Fox was a supremely talented organist and a welcome shot in the arm for the often stuffy King of Instruments . But this disc is not the Fox you want to hear . It was recorded very late in his life , and betrays deteriorating musicianship and technical ability.Musically , the recording is a disaster . I enjoy progressive interpretations of familiar works , and Fox 's playing is usually a delight . Here , however , he moves beyond avant garde into outright slaughter . The Widor Toccata is played in a whirlwind 4 ' 25 '' ; there are lots of note mistakes -LRB- though they go by so fast it 's hard to tell -RRB- , and in the coda Fox loses track of the pedal line , forgetting notes where Widor wrote them , and then sticking them desperately in where he did n't . Obvious mistakes are present in the Dupre and the Vierne , and the Gigout Toccata is ludicrously registered and given a hideous ad lib pedal glissando at its conclusion.More disappointing -- or perhaps saddening -- is the obvious decline of Fox 's playing abilities . This is most evident in the Final from Symphony # 6 by Louis Vierne , one of the most notoriously difficult works in the repertoire . Fox takes it at a modest tempo , but struggles with it . The interleaving of the themes over rapid F# pedal scales toward the end is a glittering spectacle in the right hands and feet ; here it is labored and plodding.There is , however , one beauty on this disc
 will someone PLEASE explain to me how it is possible to make a recording of the Bach toccata and fugue in d minor and have the first two notes of one of the most famous openings of all time MISSING !!!!!!!!!!?????????? THANK GOD THIS CD IS ONLY SIX BUCKS ON AMAZON.shame on whoever is responsible . they should have a disclaimer on the jacket.ps to all organ fans . beware of the latest scandel
 I am sorry , Genesis without Peter Gabriel was one thing to overcome . Now without Phil Collins , I might as well be listening to a Mike Rutherford or a Tony Banks solo project ! You ever listen to those guys ' solo albums ? Well , let me just say that have been an avid fan of Genesis for 17 years , and I do n't own any solo albums by Mike Rutherford or Tony Banks . Do you know why ? Because they SUCK ! And so does this song . And so does this whole album . Steer clear !
 This is probably the worst music ever . It 's somewhat enjoyable how bad it is . It 's just so unbelievably bad that it keeps hitting you every few seconds and you ca n't help but enjoy the pure awfulness it . This music fails in every way . It is completely synthesized , there are no real drums , no real horns , no real guitar and no real piano . Maybe Domingo 's `` big band '' was out to lunch and he was running out of studio time . This music fails in every way .
 I have found other discs in LaserLights Strictly Dancing series useful unembellished music for learning and practice . This CD approaches USELESS . I wonder if there is even one live musician with a conventional instrument in any of the selections . All the synthesizer stuff is deadly AWFUL . Enricos `` Big Band '' must be attaching his watch to his wrist ! Shame on Delta Music 's FALSE LABELING .
 Enrico Domingo and his big band ? Ouch ! It sounds like a cheap keyboard to me . There is n't a single big band track on this entire disk . And thereare NO useful tracks for practice or parties.Here is the title , duration , and tempo :1 . World Without Love 2:41 , -LRB- 40 bpm -RRB- 2 . Mambo Italiano 2:21 , -LRB- 40 bpm -RRB- 3 . Mambo Franco 2:23 , -LRB- 41 bpm -RRB- 4 . Enrico 's Whistle 2:21 , -LRB- 42 bpm -RRB- 5 . Ca n't Take My Eyes Off Of You 2:30 , -LRB- 42 bpm -RRB- 6 . Jungle Mambo 2:56 , -LRB- 44 bpm -RRB- 7 . Mambo Inn 2:29 , -LRB- 45 bpm -RRB- 8 . Mambo Riviera 2:33 , -LRB- 45 bpm -RRB- 9 . Mambo Continental 2:45 , -LRB- 45 bpm -RRB- 10 . Ripples 2:26 , -LRB- 45 bpm -RRB- 11 . Kool Mambo 2:25 , -LRB- 46 bpm -RRB- 12 . Mambo Jumbo 2:31 , -LRB- 47 bpm -RRB-
 I picked this up for a couple bucks in a bargain bin somewhere as the titles that One Way choose to reissue are usually of some worth , even if only for the crackpot value . The lead singer sounds like Jim Morrison -LRB- anyone remember Orion ? -RRB- and the sound is not disimilar to the Doors . Klaatu anyone ? Absolutely no liner notes . Next .
 all the great songs are here , but most tracks are so full of background `` scratch & pop '' you 'll think you 're listening to old 78s !
 The best part of this anthology are the comprehensive 9 pages of liner notes written in 1997 by Bill Proctor , coupled with 6 great shots of this influential group , inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 in the influential category . There is also a partial discography of the contents which presents all pertinent details except chart performances.Unfortunately , the quality of the sound comes nowhere close to that of the liner notes , and for the price being asked you are better served to seek out a good book on the group . In addition , most tracks sound like they were recorded direct from a 78 rpm record , and in a few instances using a straight pin rather than a record needle!Another problem I find is with the collection of the 48 songs themselves . Now , I realize it does n't advertise itself as `` greatest hits '' but it seems to me that if you are going to put out a definitive anthology of the music of such a prolific group , there should be no problem culling together 48 of their very best . And while I can make an exception for the first track , You Feet 's Too Big , as an example of their earliest offerings , I ca n't say the same for tracks 2 , 19 , and 21 to 24 , none of which were among their notable singles . Why not include , instead , You Bring Me Down , Stop Pretending and its B-side , You 're Breaking My Heart All Over Again , Take A Letter Miss Brown , and both sides of I 'm Still Without A Sweetheart -LRB- 'Cause I 'm Still In Love With You -RRB- and So Sorry . All were among their very best recordings in 1939/40/41 and all were hits of varying degree.Disc 2 is much the same , with tracks 4 , 5 -LRB- both sides of a failed single -RRB- , 12 , 16 , 18 , and 23 serving up unremarkable performances . Where are If I Cared A Little Bit Less , I 'll Never Make The Same Mistake Again , Do n't Believe Everything You Dream , Cow Cow Boogie and Into Each Life Some Rain Must Fall -LRB- both with Ella Fitzgerald to match tracks 10 and 11 -RRB- , and A Lovely Way To Spend An Evening?In my view a most disappointing collection from MCA and one which should be `` cleaned up '' in terms of both sound quality and content .
 In the 1940 's , most music was bearable , almost everyone from Glenn Miller to Louis Armstrong & His All Stars were swinging , but one group in the 30 's & 40 's decided to create what we now know as muszak -LRB- elevator music -RRB- , and possibly the corniest style of singing ever , even the corny `` middle of road pop '' vocalists The mills Brothers never sounded as corny as the Ink Spots . In the vocal group The Ink Spots the leader would sing high -LRB- in what sounds like a British accent -RRB- while a another member of the group would say in a deep voice `` Heney chile , oh honey chile '' while the other two sang and palayyed the guitar in a boring fashion . This started the trend for all of those awful doo-wop groups in the 50 's , and you can still hear their awful influence on modern groups like Boys2Men . There were n't too many vocal groups ever capable of singing jazz , without ending up sounding like The Andrews Sisters , or The Mills Brothers which are just average sounding `` middle of the road '' pop singers creating only so much muzak . There are only two vocal groups that are capable of singing `` hot '' jazz , with syncopation , scat solos , and other dynamics , the 1st came in the 20 's & 30 's with the excellent Boswell Sisters -LRB- with Connee Boswell with the big New Orleans accent as leader/arranger -RRB- they were backed by Joe Venuti , Eddie Lang , Dorsey Brothers , and every other top `` hot '' jazz musician around . The 2nd group was from the 50 's Lambert , Hendricks & Ross . Anyway my point is , that if you are a modern listener and you are looking at different artists from the past to see who you do and do n't like , you 've stumbled upon the inventors of the bad music you hear today , and the Ink Spots sound dated and have nothing to say musically to today 's listeners , the only reason for buying this CD is if you are 80 years old and a certian song brings back a memeory -LRB- for Nostalgic purposes -RRB- , but not nessicarily because the music , or shall I say muzak is good . Not recommended .
 Unless you buy it only for the video , do n't expect anything new here . The title track is exactly the same as on `` Calling All Stations '' -LRB- not a radio edit or anything -RRB- and the b-side -LRB- though the word is n't really appropriate anymore -RRB- , `` Second Home By The Sea , '' is simply an edit from the eponymous album -LRB- `` Genesis '' a.k.a. Mama or Shapes -RRB- . The CD-ROM part is a little more interesting , but is n't worth the price
 If you 're not sure , do n't take a chance on this one .
 as a painter this is the song which portrays the essence ofmy life . read henry millers ` the wisdom of the heart ' after 20 years i got a CDcopy of ` sunburn ' and i listen to this tunereligiously . why has n't anyone else caught up ? - rene ' -LRB- LA -RRB-
 Any album that calls itself `` The Very Best '' of an artist is suspect . This one more than most.It stops at about 1972 , and completely ignores Mason 's most commercially successful period in the late seventies . Oh , and a little band called Traffic!So there 's no We Just Disagree , Let It Flow , So High -LRB- Rock Me Baby , Roll Me Away -RRB- . `` Very Best '' of Dave Mason ? I just disagree.Spend a couple of extra bucks and get the Dave Mason Ultimate Collection .
 hello I want to know if that CD includes dvd where this video devuelveme la vida davis bustamante thanks
 Boy oh boy was this ever a disappointment . It claims to have been released in 1997 , but the jokes and the humour is so ancient that in that case the tape must have been sitting in a shelf for at least 10 years . Carlin is trying to shake some life into what seems like a lethargic bar-crowd , but he just is n't funny . This one should never have seens the light of day . Jan Rustad , Oslo , Norway
 After a couple of Almedida pieces , including a lovely and all too brief `` Sonata For Guitar and Cello , '' this album quickly degenerates into pop schlock of the worst sort . The `` doo-wa '' female singers , the loud drum , the snappy pieces trying to cash in on the samba craze of the early 1970s ... this must be the worst thing Almedia , a wonderful musician , ever recorded .
 The tremendous success of hear say in the UK can mean only one thing . Long term PAIN for my ear drums . But before all you Americans start laughin this band has a lot of sorry $ $ $ backing them and world wide domination is on the cards . With any look they will last less time than the Spice Girls did on their brief but unforgetable reign of terror . Callin the album `` Popstars '' is arrogant , I 'd have called it `` Popstars ? '' or `` Flopstars '' or even `` Who the F *** do ya think your kiddin '' . The album is the usual assorted junk that you get with all manufactured bands , desperatly switching genres in a vain attempt to find one their good at . Before I become over critical I must admit that there first single Pure and Simple is not the worst song -LRB- it 's second to Spice world -RRB- . The rest of album is on the same level so if for som inane reason you liked it this album should be right up your demented little street
 another manufactured pop band , another pop band for that matter and just more and more -LSB- stuff -RSB- , repetitive and annoying music . This era of pop music has got to end and more bands like hear ` say , westlife etc are just giving music a bad name . DO NOT BUY THIS PLEASE .
 Bootleg All Saints or what ? The single `` Pure and Simple '' is so `` All Sainteque '' I had to do a double take when I first heard it . As for the other songs , does the word mediocrity mean anything to anyone ????? I 'm sorry but I watched this atrocious phenomenon of Popstars take place in the UK and though I hoped something good would come out of it all I have admit my disappointment gene went into acute overdrive . It suffered major cardiac arrest I might add when their single `` Pure and Simple '' hit the UK charts and proceeded to end up in the Number One position , well there is no accounting for British taste , which is peculiar to say the least . Maybe I am being too harsh but even the Spice Girls who were as manufactured as they came had a distinct sound of their own . This group should have been called `` BEEN ` SAID '' because it has , and that makes is all the more cringeworthy ...
 PLEASE come the revolution ... we can not bear this anymore ... the disciples of true rock 'n' roll have been waiting a long time , lord . Decree the goetzendammerung ... deliver us from the asinine . Send these people - and their perverse creators - back to the salt mines from whence they come .
 looking for metal band victory - cultured killed the native is it the same band . there is no reviews or list of song . hunting for the cd . is it the same cd.heared couple tracks love the cd . please inform me if this is the same cd . some of the songs should be - always the same , on the loose.want to buy but dont know if same .
 i bought this double cd for ONE song , so i could have it in 320k mp3 format , BUT the cd is copy-protected . so , i can not even exercise my legal right of fair use to make a copy -LRB- for listening on mp3 player , etc. -RRB- . so , it was a total waste of money . most of the songs are really noisy too . ugh .
 The singer has a beautiful voice but her selection of music was not to my liking.i loved her voice in the video `` Grace of My Heart '' but this CD fell short of my expectations .
 I chose this DVD based on the name of the quartet . The performance was good to excellent , but I really hate the video part of production . The stage is sometimes completely dark , intentionally . Sometimes it shows only small stream of light to certain player 's face . Sometimes the screen shows all the side of players , etc. . I guess the producer tried to make his own stage drama based on this music.I was not able to concentrate the music itself because the screen images change through the intention of producer 's mind . And also I can not follow through the composer 's score by watching players playing . It was really sad that I stopped to watch this DVD as it was too much distract me to watch .
 I ordered this CD when I was trying to find music for my wedding . My fiance and I were looking for a few numbers we could waltz to , which would fall in line with the rest of the stylish swing and jazz music that we had already selected . Unfortunately , this CD was full of the same dorky , schmaltzy stuff that our ballroom instructor played for us . We eventually found a few songs by Bobby Darin that were in waltz tempo , as well as a remake of Moon River by Milla Drumke that was the right mix of sentimental and cool . If you 're looking for the kind of music we were looking for , this is n't it . Pure muzak . Boom-ching-ching , boom-ching-ching -- just tragic !
 Poor Olivia . After ` Physical ' it all went wrong . Changing trends and radio indifference played a part but O herself has to shoulder some of the blame . 1985 's ` Soul Kiss ' album had started out OK , despite the dud lead single , but soon fell off the charts when a second hit single could n't be secured . Increasingly long gaps were occurring between projects and a lot of her fans simply moved on . Plus , the continuing ` raunchy ' image used on ` Soul Kiss ' did n't work and even Olivia seemed uninterested in it .1988 rolled around and O , on the verge of 40 , had had a baby and was running her -LRB- at the time -RRB- successful Koala Blue clothing chain . It 's a wonder she came back at all!Warning bells rang with the promo interviews for the album . Olivia said she had ` grown up ' and wanted to do stuff about ` issues ' that affected us all . Just what everyone wanted ! Davitt Sigerson had done a review in Rolling Stone for ` Soul Kiss ' . He said -LRB- in a round about way -RRB- that although her material was n't doing her justice , she was still a great pop singer . Quite true . Whether this review got him the producer gig for ` The Rumour ' I do n't know , but he did make a very different album to her previous one . Sadly , it still did n't have many good songs!I have to say my heart sank when Olivia announced she was to co-write some of the songs . There 's five in all -LRB- this Aussie issue features the oddly off-key ` It 's Always Australia For Me ' -RRB- and they mostly feature Olivia 's attempts at social commentary . So we get a woman with a child starting a relationship with another man , ` It 's Not Heaven ' -LRB- ` I 'm gon na do some shopping . I 'll get you those stockings ! ' -RRB- , the environment-is-doomed themed ` Let 's Talk About Tomorrow ' , ` Get Out ' is O as a wife being the breadwinner and complaining about her husband not doing his bit -LRB- possibly the only one from the heart ! -RRB- and the frankly strange ` Car Games ' which does n't seem to be about anything much but is the best of the lot.Elton John 's title track was a minor hit and is the best song here . If ` Twist Of Fate ' was her last great pop single , ` The Rumour ' was her last half-decent one . ` Walk Through Fire ' is a dramatic ballad that strives for greatness but falls a little short and ` Tutta La Vita ' is plodding Euro Pop that ends the album on a bum note . ` Ca n't We Talk It Over In Bed ' was a second single in some quarters . It 's less interesting than it sounds and it 's doubtful it would have been much of a hit even in O 's hey day . The shouty ` Big And Strong ' is another non-starter , though it had to be said she copes quite well with such a demanding song , it 's still a bad choice for her voice.Sigerson 's production is rich and more complex than John Farrar 's but he seem to think he 's dealing with Aretha Franklin . Many of these songs are simply beyond Olivia forcing her to reprise the silly squeals and shrieks from ` Soul Kiss ' . The final nail in the coffin was ` Olivia Down Under ' , an horrendous TV special designed also to promote the album -LRB- like the'Physical ` album and long-form video 7 years previously -RRB- , where Olivia flew to Australia to celebrate it 's 200th birthday and to patronise it 's residents . Never had her act seemed more out of touch and her persona more false than here . Skipping round Aus in vile Koala Blue clothes giggling stupidly and asking everyone if they ` drank much ' , before performing unbecoming tracks from ` The Rumour ' . This sort of nonsense might have been excused when she was 20 and on Cliff Richard 's TV show , but at 40 , she just looked like an fool who would n't know reality if it hit her over the head . No wonder it tanked . Add the rubbish ` who is it ? ' artwork and you 've got the album that cost Olivia her MCA record deal.Never mind , perhaps she 'll get it right the next time.Oh dear , the next time was ` Warm And Tender ' . All is lost .
 And be thankful for it . This is a complete 180 from the adult excitement of her previous album `` Soul Kiss '' . This is boring , poorly produced and , I hate to say it , ridiculous collection . A song about AIDS is a nice enough idea , but it 's the weakest thing Olivia ever recorded . Olivia blew the lid off of passe morality in the ' 80 's , then strangely enough backed away ! The only thing sexy about this record is one song title , but the song is n't even slightly seductive ; it 's just another quaint bore . ` Can We Talk It Over In My Bed ' ? Yeah , talking is all you would do before falling asleep if this pabulum was playing . I 'm glad that radio programmers as well as the public ignored this album . If this is what she had to offer after two brilliant releases -LRB- `` Physical '' and `` Soul Kiss '' -RRB- , Olivia Newton-John no longer deserved any success .
 The hit title song is the only track with proper vocals on this album , with lyrics written and sung by David Bowie . The Autopsy is a short interlude , Irena 's Theme is a long , slow piece , Night Rabbit is an atmospheric excursion with eerie feel and Leopard Tree Dream is a mid tempo number . The pace picks up for Paul 's Theme -LRB- Jogging Chase -RRB- , where Giorgio Moroder 's characteristic electrobeat first surfaces on this album . The Myth is slow and evocative with a bit of humming by Bowie , whilst To The Bridge is another slow interlude . Transformation Seduction is a fairly interesting uptempo piece and the album concludes with Bring The Prod , a short moody track leading up to a crescendo . Fans of Giorgio Moroder beware ! Cat People is nothing like his amazing disco albums From Here To Eternity or E = MC2 . It might work well as a soundtrack but offers little in the way of listening pleasure and is in fact quite forgettable .
 This band is everything a progressive rock band could have ever become . They 've explored nearly every facet of traditional music , then added a rock edge that makes the whole thing very exciting . Free Hand is a landmark for Gentle Giant . They are completely comfortable with their sound and style by now , and really know how to create innovative tunes and textures that even they probably liked after hundreds of playings.Of course I expected that the review from `` A music fan from Salt Lake City , UT '' was not talkng about the inferior CD mix of `` Free Hand '' that Amazon would be selling , so I ordered it from Amazon . I put it in my CD player and thought `` what the **** is this ?!? '' The instruments are totally out of balance on the One Way Records release that Amazon is selling and I immediately set out to find the import.As it turns out , the import has both `` Free Hand '' and `` Interview '' on the same disk . I bought it from another source and it 's great . The two albums are the pinnacle of the band and the One Way release has gone one way right into the garbage . I would n't even give it away . I ca n't subject anyone to that awful noisy mix.It 's too bad . They are a great band and the tape must have just ended up in the wrong hands . The difference between the Import release and the One Way release is like the difference between a clear sky of cool bracing blue and a foggy murky mess lost out at sea . Maybe Amazon will start selling the import CD some day .
 One of Gentle Giant 's best , but do yourself a favor . Get the release which contains both Freehand and Interview instead of the One-Way label version -LRB- Interview is also very worthwhile . -RRB-
 I do n't quite get how everyone thinks that Gentle Giant is so progressive . I just think that about all their songs sound kind of stupid . Nothing they 've ever done sounds very commercial -LRB- usually you need to be at least sort of commercial to become a big likeable band -RRB- that would get radio airplay . I 've never heard one of their songs played on the radio -LRB- maybe they did have a couple of songs that got radio airplay but I doubt they ever did -RRB- . I 've bought about 7 of their cds at one time and the only one that I could get into was AQUIRING THE TASTE . I just put up FREE HAND and OCTOPUS for sale on Amazon because I just could n't get into them . I do n't see how everyone thinks GG is so complex -LRB- try early Kansas for progressive commercial rock -RRB- . I guess GG just is n't my cup of tea but for others like the previous reviewers they are . I think groups like Kansas , Moody Blues , Alan Parsons Project , ELP , Jethro Tull , Yes , and Rush etc. are far far better than GG . If I were you I 'd skip this and only buy AQUIRING THE TASTE from these guys .
 This is firmly in the Strictly Ballroom genre with the measured tempo and lack of passion/sensuality associated with that style .
 I have listened to the CD and Tango , beintg part of my heritage , I can honestly say that any one that buys this record to listen to tango music is wasting his or hers money .
 I dance and DJ Argentine Tango and my current teacher is world famous as a dancer and teacher , even if I will never be.If you dance ballroom tango , this is likely for you . If you dance the real thing , Argentine Tango , stay far , far away .
 If you want a real tango , get a CD from Argentina or anything by Astor Piazzolla . This is a real waste .
 Alright , let 's be honest , what in the heck is this ? It stinks . I bought the CD and One More Time has a catchy tune but the rest just plain suck . I do n't recommend it , but the song One More Time is really catchy and has a good beat .
 The song One more time has an awsome groove but the other stuff is boring .
 WITHOUT VOCALS FROM THE REAL VOCALIST ` KARIN KASAR `` THIS ALBUM IS JUNKITS NOT WORTH BUYINGWHY DO YOU THINK THEY STOP SELLING ITRAN OUT OF RECORDSNO WAYMORE LIKE RAN OUT OF BUYERS
 Charlie Byrd made some wonderful recordings but this is not one of them . The mix of accompanying instruments is truly terrible and production is poor . To hear samples , go to allmusic.com , type `` Charlie Byrd '' in the search box , and click the `` Laserlight '' entry in the drop-down list.If you want a great Byrd cd , try Blue Byrd . I play it over and over and never get tired of it .
 Probably the poorest of the Silent Stone 's solo efforts , mostly due to his poor attempt at early eighties art rock . Wyman 's strong suite has always been his lack of pretense , which here only surfaces on three classic tracks Rio , Suzanne , and the immortal Lolita anthem , Je Suis en Rock Star , which alone is worth the price ofthe album . The rest is disposable . Fans looking for quality music would be better directed to Bill 's more recent Rhythm Kings collection .
 This third solo album by Bill recovers somewhat from the disappointment of Stone Alone . Je Suis Un Rock Star is a fun track and almost worth the price of admission . The rest is barely competent disco masquerading as tuneless art rock . And Bill * still * had n't realized that he ca n't sing ! A fourth solo release followed this disc , but it was , thankfully , never allowed to leave the shores of Japan . Bill 's Rhythm Kings discs are far superior to this or any previous disc because , 1 . Bill does n't write all the songs , and 2 . Bill does n't sing all the songs .
 Bibio 's guitar playing is adequate , but any listening pleasure one might derive from that is ruined by the extremly bad recording quality . In this day and age of cheap digital recording equipment it 's unbelievable that somebody produces a * whole album * that sounds as if it has been registered on a dictaphone with a worn-out tape . Sure , it 's a fun sound effect , if used sparingly and with a certain purpose in mind . Track after track of guitar noodlings with scratchy highs and missing lows really starts to grate on both my ear drums and my musical sensibility though.Maybe I am just not `` avant garde '' enough to get the subtlety of Bibio 's approach . I rather suspect though that Bibio 's is having a major laugh that people actually take his pseudo-folky recorded-in-one-day stuff seriously .
 I purchased this thinking it would have a lot of great , old-time 1920 's Charleston-like jazz . It is jazzy , but in a French-style `` reprise '' . There are songs that are sung , but they are sung in French . The orchestra is not exactly a great-American jazz band , but a small , caberet-like band . This is n't the worst album for Charleston music , but definitely not the best .
 The CD Title is `` Back to the Charleston '' . I t dose n't even have the charleston on the free listening ! This is an OUTRAGE ! I give this CD a 1 . Even though I like the charleston .
 This is Neil singing other people 's stuff -- and not very well . Neil is best singing his own songs . This album suffers the consequences of that fact .
 True , we 've been warned
 I PAID FOR THIS AND YOU NEVER SENT IT ! i WANT MY CD NOW !
 The Strawbs never really could decide whether to be a progressive rock band or just your basic pop-rock band . This album symbolizes that split personality perfectly - with the first half containing lame pop songs , and the second half getting a little more progressive . By this time -LRB- ' 78 -RRB- , The Strawbs had been cranking out albums at an incredible pace and sounded musically and creatively exhausted . Time And Life , Deadly Nightshade and Words Of Wisdom are about the only cuts worth listening to on this , their final major-label outing -LRB- they would be dropped by Arista after this album . -RRB- What is amazing , though , is that their two masterpieces - Hero & Heroine and Ghosts - still are n't available on CD in the U.S.
 At this point , the Strawbs were done . This follow up to the weak Burning for You is almost as bad as it 's predecessor . Other than the last two cuts , Deadly Nightshade and Words of Wisdom , there is little worthwhile about this disc . One would be better off with Hero and Heroine , Ghosts , Bursting at the Seams , Grave New World , or even Deep Cuts . Nomadness is in dire need of being reissued as it too is worth adding to the collection , but this disc was quickly relegated to cut-out bins following it 's release for a good reason ... Simon
 I had been looking for the Strawbs ' song `` Deadly Nightshade '' for almost twenty years . You ca n't imagine how excited I was when I found this album on CD . Once I got it , I ca n't tell you how disappointing it was . Made in 1978 , when disco and pompous prog rock were king , this album lives up to that standard . The song that I was searching for is still excellent , haunting keyboards -LRB- harpsichord and organ -RRB- , great bass line , eerie vocals , everything that I loved about that song . The rest of the album is very much like the worst aspects of Genesis and E.L.P. albums of that time period
 Apparently , my original review was too harsh to make its way onto Amazon . So , I will be a bit more gentle here . This album makes me puke . What an overrated piece of @ # $ % . If I owned a shrink wrap machine I would send it back to Amazon asking for my money back .
 Hello ? The most overrated record of the year . A total disappointment in every way . Refresh your Queen collection and leave this for the clearance bins .
 I bought this album with great expectations but was more than dissapointed . The instrumental use which is considered by some to be ` talent ' , is poor quality and unenjoyable . The vocals are awful and the album poor value . Not to be bought by those with sense and taste .
 The late 90 's was not a golden period for rock music . It was a time when critics & fans contorted themselves into agonising positions where mediocre neu-psychedelic bands like Mercury Rev and the Flaming Lips started to sound good.Hopefully the arrival of some inspired new bands in 2001 - the Strokes , the White Stripes - will pound the nails into the coffin of this dreary genre.Now and again on this CD you recognise the playing of the wonderful Garth Hudson , and the memory of all the brilliant old Band albums he played on utterly overwhelms his current surroundings . And that second-hand pleasure is about all this music offered me .
 Do not waste your money on this . This is a good example of style over substance . The one or two good melodies are not compensated for by the interesting and pretty style of the music .
 Lush pop arrangements and a focus on melody were what I was promised . I was so , so eager to buy this album . I did n't like it at first . That 's fine ; I did n't like Beulah , Tom Waits , or Sleater-Kinney on first listen either.After a year , I still dislike the album . I 've forced myself to listen to it , hoping I was missing something . I do n't think I am . The melodies are just boring . The arrangements are nice enough , but the melodies are predictable.The disc makes me wonder if this would be similar to Pink Floyd collaborating with 10,000 Maniacs . Glih .
 What is going on here ? Why is this album praised to the ends of the earth ? Is it a grand conspiracy ? Are people just afraid to disagree with the consensus ? Is the world filled with people who just simply have awful taste when it comes to music?This record is n't terrible . But it 's so utterly forgettable in every way that a. -RRB- I 'm confounded at how it 's _ still _ lauded as Mercury Rev 's `` artistic peak '' by the masses , and b. -RRB- I 'm outraged that it 's even considered marginally acceptable when compared to Rev 's previous three albums
 I too was lured into buying this grand bit of nothing by the lock-step critical acclaim . While I agree that there are nice sonic touches here and there , and some of the instrumental bits are just this side of interesting , the rest of it sounds like Al `` Year of the Cat '' Stewart 's big comeback record . Ugh . I mean , honestly , has it come to this ?
 They hardly rock and ca n't even really pull off disco . They ca n't touch the bands they try to emulate . The singer is weak and annoying . This band is overrated .
 This CD should not have been released into the market . If I could give it zero stars , I would . He claims to be a student of Ustad Waheed Khan , which I doubt very much . The two ragas that he has dealt with have plenty of scope for elaboration . The alap -LRB- if I can call it as such -RRB- is a collection of loosely strung movements/chalans which seemed to be played by a child . I have no idea what he was thinking when he recorded this . Place stay away from this abomination !
 this is the worst cd ever . most of these two songs consist of one note monotonously played over and over . someone who has owned a sitar for a few weeks could have made this . listen to ravi shankar or something
 This so-called `` musical artist '' is the worst singer and songwriter ever . His high-pitched voice is terrible annoying , and the keyboard-guitar sounds are awful . Undercover Funny is the worst song I have ever heard , and I heard of Atom and his Package from a friend who was showing me this song . We laughed at it , not for witty lyrics , but for how bad it was . Everybody I know hates it . ...
 I am very disappointed in the audio quality of this CD -- without depth that I was looking forward to hearing ... sounds like a cheap re-record !
 it was s . l . . o ... w ... . it sounded like just noise in the background . if you 're a true sublime fan get all the original cd tracks or just get the best of sublime .
 this song is one of my favs but like any other sublime song its great sublime is the greatest band ever
 I 'm a huge fan of ECM 's music - sparse arrangements , gentle melodies and overall slower pace . And I understand that improvisation plays a big part in jazz . But after 20 minutes of listening to people essentially tuning their instruments with no melody , no pace and no rhythm , I gave up . All I could hear were honks and screeches , interspersed with thumps on what passes for a drum . Maybe the good stuff starts at minute 21 , who knows ? Frankly I do n't care . I 'm too busy living up to the title of this piece of junk - shedding tears in full cry for having wasted good money .
 Not the original line up , and Boy does it show ! I bought this album for the track '' -LRB- Kiss me once . . -RRB- It 's been a long , long time '' and even this song has been spoilt . Most of the songs sound `` false '' - almost as though someone is doing a poor Karaoke version of them . Sorry boys , but PLEASE do n't kid yourselves . The Ink Spots ? ... I think not !
 This DELTA/LASERLIGHT disc had a heckuva price on it , so I stopped to sample it even though I know this label is notorious for issuing late-career rehashes . And that 's what 's here , naturally.Just knew trouble lay ahead when the sound bite of Track # 1 -LRB- `` I Love You Truly '' -RRB- had an instrumental break rather than voices . Sure enough , the very next selection verified my suspicions . The Ink Spots , or however many were still alive by the time these records were cut , are clearly in their dodderage on these sessions . The sparkle of their early-30s sides has long ago faded . Backing musicians are n't very inspiring either -LRB- and that 's being kind ! -RRB- . Check out `` You Always Hurt the One You Love '' and you 'll hear all you 'll need to know to make an informed NON-buying decision . What we have on this forgettable DELTA offering is the Ink BLOTS , alas.NOT recommended !
 She has some rockin songs on here . All her singles kickass and the last song on the album with M.I.A. -LRB- i friggin love her -RRB- is fire . but then , i start listening to the other songs , ready for a song on the album that is just as good as her singles and i ca n't find another . All of missy 's singles are crazy , but then ui listen to the album , and its like a let down . any song that she sings in makes my stomach churn and some have just annoying beats and repititious phrases . If you really liked Missy 's album ` This Is Not A Test ' , then get this album . but if you are lovin her singles and want some more , just download the singles , do n't waste your money on the rest of this album .
 I have always been a fan of Missy Elliot , that is until she came out with The Cookbook . Throughout the whole CD I had to keep reminding myself of who I was listening to . All I have to say about her sixth album is new look and definitly new sound.Compared to her other five albums this one was most definitly a disappointment . Not only did The Cookbook lack that presence from beat specialist producer Timberland but it also lacked that certain lyrical content that Missy is known for . This album was filled with slow jam type of songs and a very poor use of sampling . All throughout track 10 `` Cant Stop '' , I was thinking to myself that the song just was not right without Amerie voice on the track . Also the beat for the track titled `` We Run This '' is one that I would associate more with Carlton from the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air instead of a hit single from Missy Elliot . Some people may say that you need to try something new every once and a while but in Missy 's case she should have stuck to the old.The songs that were actually tolerble to listen to were somewhat similar to her previous songs . The track `` Lose Control '' had to have been the best song on the album but may as well ben titled Work It Part II . The beats were somewhat similar and so were the music videos . Some of the other tracks were okay ... Joy , Meltdown and Mommy.After hearing singles like Work It , Gossip Folks , Pass That Dutch , Lick Shots , Get Ur Freak On , and I could go on nameing some of her classical hits , but I have to say I was just disappointed with this album and the lack of radio and club banging Missy hits.Those that gave this CD a good review either have not listened to any of Missy 's first couple of albums or are just completly tone deaf . All in all I would not recommend this album to anyone over her pervious ones . Even though this may have been the worst I have faith that Missy can come back with some more club banging hits in the coming years.Like I said before new looking Missy and new sound ... where is TIMBERLAND ?????
 I 'm not feeling this new album from Missy Elliott . In fact , I really have n't liked a Missy album since Da Real World . I thought Miss E. . . So Addictive was highly overrated , and despite leadoff hit singles on her next two albums -LRB- Under Construction and This Is Not a Test ! -RRB- , those did n't really do anything for me either , not to mention that they did n't sell very well . The problem with THIS album is that she 's trying to do a little too much.I do n't know if I 'll say she 's lost without Timbaland -LRB- and just for the record , Tim DOES appear on this album ; he produced the first two tracks -RRB- , but the thing that loses ME is that Missy is trying to do several different styles simultaneously , and saying that this makes for a lack of cohesion would be an understatement . Every single song has a totally different style -LRB- which is probably due to the album 's having more samples than a Kanye West record -RRB- , making it hard to tell what kind of script she 's on.The only songs I really like on here are the ones where she sings , like `` Teary Eyed '' , `` Remember When '' and possibly `` Time and Time Again '' . I think `` Lose Control '' is overrated , and Fat Man Scoop 's adlibs are annoying as usual -LRB- what kind of name is that , anyway ? -RRB- . Mike Jones is ill-placed on `` Joy '' because the song is quiet as first ; then comes his loud rapping . Fantasia also disappoints on `` 4 My Man '' . The obligatory Neptunes track , `` On & On '' , DOES cleverly sample Doug E. Fresh 's `` The Show '' -LRB- although that song has been sampled to DEATH -RRB- , but the dope production is ruined by C-grade rapping . Sub-par rapping also shows on the song featuring Slick Rick , `` Irresistible Delicious '' -LRB- which samples a Slick Rick song whose title I ca n't mention on here -RRB- , where Missy attempts to rhyme just like Rick with embarrassing results . `` Meltdown '' would also fall into the `` embarrassing '' department , and `` We Run This '' is just plain wack . `` My Struggles '' is aptly-titled because Missy , Mary J. Blige and even Grand Puba struggle with their performances . Speaking of Ms. Blige , I have no idea why she keeps trying to rap on Missy 's albums , because she ca n't . Basically , Missy should have made the recipes more thorough because this cookbook is n't very appetizing.Anthony Rupert
 Let me start off by saying this ... I love Missy . I always have . But there is no excuse for this CD 's poor quality.I loved every Missy CD , until now.I read reviews on Amazon , and most of them were extremely positive . So , despite my despising of the lead single , `` Lose Control '' , which is absolute trash , I bought this CD.The beginning of the CD is alright . `` Joy '' is pretty enjoyable . `` Partytime '' is too . But then it just gets awful . `` Irresistible Delicious '' is such an unorganized , uninspired mess , sampling songs with no creativity , which can be said about many of the album 's tracks . -LRB- `` Lose Control '' , `` My Struggles '' , etc. -RRB- There are some songs on here that are tolerable , like `` Bad Man '' and `` On & On '' , which definitely should 've been the first single . But most of this is just filler.Due to the failure of This Is Not A Test , which I thought was excellent , Missy decided to take a risk and kick Timbaland to the curb . -LRB- He produces only 2 tracks . -RRB- Instead of Timbaland , she turns to the producers of the minute . -LRB- Rich Harisson , Neptunes , Scott Storch ... -RRB- But this risk does n't pay off at all . All of these top notch producers are giving Missy their worst material to date . -LRB- Rich Harisson , go back to R&B ; ! -RRB- And although many people will disagree , I think the majority of Missy rhyming on this CD is wack . She tries way too hard to be gansta . -LRB- `` Mommy '' , `` Click Clack '' -RRB- What happened to the Missy that claimed that rap did n't have to be all hard and ghetto , it could be fun . Well , there are no fun rhymes on this one , unlike Under Construction.The R&B ; tracks at the end are only half cooked and are n't too original.But luckily for Elliott , this CD ends well with a successful try at reggaeton , with guest star M.I.A. , who tears up the track . -LRB- `` Bad Man '' -RRB- It also has a hilarious interlude at the end.It has a good beginning , and end . But the middle of this book has some weak recipes .
 Over the years we have been blessed with this great hip-hop artist , she 's funny , has a great personality and boy she can flow . Now we have this piece of trash , that is not even worth the CD it is printed on . All I have to say is `` WHERE THE HELL IS TIMBALAND WOMAN!Missy has had the greatest and the most sonically complicated singles of all time under timbaland 's helm -LRB- The Rain-Supa Dupa Fly , She 's a Bitch , Get Ur Freak On , Work It and even Pass That Dutch on her last album `` This Is Not A Test '' -RRB- Which was a bit weak on the first listen but then grew on me marginally . Anyone even thinking that this album now is better than This Is Not a Test is in serious denial.The first problem , like with her last album is the terrible slow jams . Missy was once a fire in a cage ready to burst out , but now she has gone all mushy . This is all well and good when Tim is behind the beat ... but he is n't so this is a real problem.The Cookbook does n't even reach the heights that all her other albums have lyrically and musically , especially the first single Loose Control with Ciara & Fatman Scoop it just plain sucks and definately not as good as Timbaland 's worst effort.Unlike Aaliyah , Missy is not a R&B ; singer and she ca n't carry her album without Timbaland and it sad to see her do this on her own as she will probably lose half her fanbase , because trust me true Missy fans will hate this album as much as I do , hell this even happened to Ginuwine ... and where is he at ? may I ask.Upon first hearing this album , I was feeling the intro , it was something new and different , with Missy cooking up her recipe with all her fans saying what was on the menu for all of the listeners ... then Joy 's beat started I just got this feeling deep inside me that Missy had done it once again , even the second song Partytime was just as great with deep rolling bass and clicky-clack sounds that sounded so amazing I did n't want it to stop even if it was only three minutes long . Then it was all downhill from there , I could n't wait for the CD to end.With lacklustre beats from the Neptunes , Scott Storch , Rich Harrison & Craig Brockman you have a not so fun time ahead of you , it is just a hard task and it is really hurting my ears right now . So Missy here 's a tip , GET out of the kitchen scrap your COOKBOOK , grab some magic TIMBALAND spices with that crunky chicken , bake and serve it up on a silver platter instead of this SLOP you are giving us ... It is really quite revolting.Maybe we should all take Missy Elliott out of our own book and wait for Timbaland 's Beat Club for the TRUE fans of his music and production ... What 's goin ' on with Beat Club anyway?STANDOUTS
 This is the biggest disapointment of all time ! I agree with the the reviewer `` Russ tbeatz '' He said it all ! How can you go from me and Timbaland are like jamacians with no curry ? To not working with him at barely . From what I understand there are only 2 timbo tracks on this cd . I gave this cd a listen in cd in store I could n't believe what I was listen too . The lack of production is showing all weaknesses of Missy 's Flow & Singing ability . Basically in my opinion she can rap that good or sing that well . With the lack of a technical and challenging backing she sounds off , like she is talking over a beat . All the beats were retreads of ole school and sounded very underproduced . Of coarse they would after hearing Tims work . I do n't know who made this decision the record label or her ? But this is the worse creative disappointment in Hip Hop ! I looked forward to there albums together to hear what sick stuff they would come with next . `` This is not a test '' was a failure not because it was a Bad album . I feel it was rushed and put out too fast . The disappointment of that album 's sells was n't merely enough reason to sabatoge a marriage like that . The production was still very good and the songs were tight . The beats were still creative and not ole shool stolen retreads like `` Cookbook '' . `` This is not a test '' obviously was rushed but still at Tim 's worst sounds better than this foolishness ! R&B ; has n't been creative too me for a while this just adds to the list . This is why I listen to Trip Hop & Rock because of disappointments like this ! I think this album will sell a lot less than any of her previous efforts . And missy 's fan 's will fall off gradually after hearing this ! I have no Idea what the other reviewers on this page are hearing ! I think they are just trying to deal with the money spent ! Missy just took 5 steps backwards !
 I ca n't wait to see Missy 's third video from this album `` We Run This '' !!! I was so dissapointed with Teary Eyed/Meltdown Medley , but Lose Control/On & On was cool!Go Missy !! Maybe your 7th album will be better . Keep workin ` with The Neptunes girl .
 i have each one of missy 's albums . i looove this woman and her incredible talent , but this is the worst of her collection . maybe i just need to listen to it several more times and hope that it will grow on me . i love the song `` lose control '' and `` we work this '' , but i just ca n't seem to feel the groove of this album . i 'm looking forward to her next album . sorry missy , but i still love ya !! boo on this album though !!
 I 've been a misdemeanor fan since I can remember . In my opinion , Da real world was her hottest joint and essentially began her road to fame . I 'm EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED with this effort . Without Tim , there would be no missy -LRB- that works both ways without missy , there would be no tim -RRB- . If she wanted to do some old school stuff , I 'm sure she could have got tim to do some retro beats , I mean did anyone here what Mr. Shawn Carter said on FADE TO BLACK about Mr. Mose ?! I think missy needs to get back in the kitchen and work on a new cook book ?!
 In the song `` Teary Eyed , '' Missy says `` you bring the worst out of me . '' This is probably the most truthful statement she has ever said . Missy might have thought The Cookbook was a great title for her album considering the different styles she stirs up . But ultimately this becomes a recipe for disaster . I can count on one hand how many songs are even TOLERABLE let alone good ! `` Lose Control '' is the best `` rap '' song on the album . The only other okay songs are the R&B - tinged `` Remember When , '' `` Time And Time Again '' and the Fantasia collabo `` 4 My Man . '' But even the American Idol 's notoriety ca n't overshadow this horrible concoction . One listen to `` On & On '' or `` Partytime '' will have you running for the skip button . Even her blatant attempt to recreate popular songs and styles falls short . `` Ca n't Stop '' fails miserably at copying the successful Go-Go flavor of Amerie 's `` 1 Thing '' and `` Click Clack '' is a sad try at reproducing the Dirty South grind of Eightball and MJG 's `` You Do n't Want Drama '' -LRB- she even uses the EXACT SAME BEAT ! -RRB- It 's back to the cutting board ... i mean ... drawing board for Misdemeanor Elliot . She deserves a Jayo Felony for this one !
 I love missy but this CD is n't that good . When i first bought the CD i had already heard a few tracks and really liked those . But sadly those were the only good ones . These are the songs I recommend u download from this cd : JoyPartytimeLose ControlOn & OnWe Run ThisMommyBadmanThese are the really great dance songs . The others are slow and i think , horrible ! Where is Timbaland to come save the day !? Missy needs to stop making songs w / Fantasia and make more songs w / Ciara bc everytime she does it 's amazing ! The rapping is good . On second thought-there is barely any rapping . Most of the CD is R&B ; ! this CD is nothing like any other missy CD . But the songs I listed above are good and u should download those . But if u do buy the cd for some strange reason do n't except to blast the speakers bc there is n't anything to really blast .
 Missy Elliott is cool but this album is the worst . The only song that I like is `` Lose Control '' but the other ones are way boring . I would n't buy her CD .
 Missy dont go and forget who helped get you on top of the game , what was you thinking the -LRB- COOKBOOK -RRB- WHAT THE F**K was you talking about , you must have been in a fast food place to come up with something like that , you must have a lot of guts to be big and still come out with a CD like that . I like your style but ... DAMN!PS.It 's time to step your game up .
 When i bought this album I must have been hungry . A total waste of MONEY I 'm telling , there is nothing on her menu that you would wont . Lose control , HOT HOT HOT < OLD i honestly dont se another single on this ablum . I dont know what got into me .
 The Cookbook is supposed to a smorgasbord of goodies , but when I listened to it , it gave me nothing but indigestion . To me , this is the sloppiest of all albums . No cohesion , no general theme , no substance . Overall , album fizzles ! Grade
 This album is a total dissapointment to say the least . I tried to listen to this lp over and over again just to see if maybe it 's one of those albums that have to grow on you . Everytime it has the same effect it did when i first heard it , which is `` horrible '' . This is what happens when she does n't have Timabaland . That 's why this is her worst album ever !
 I take my hat off to Missy Elliot , who lost ??? pounds recently . She looks SO MUCH BETTER than she used to . For that reason alone I give her respect . Now I can actually stomach a video . ... On mute anyway . Sadly her music is that same wackiness she 's always put out . I remember her debut `` I ca n't stand the rain '' I hated it . I hated everything from her since . WAIT-A-MINUTE ... . I liked that song she did with Tweet & Genuwine ... but thats a diamond in the rough . I may hate her as an artist , but I respect her as a producer / song writer for others . Ever since 702 's -LCB- Steelo -RCB- Ah well , big props 2 Missy on her weight !!!
 The beginning to the track ` Lose Control '' sounds like an oompa loompa song out of Charlie and the Choclate Factory . After that it 's a pretty good song , until they fall back into the oompa loompa pattern .
 Self indulgent mess of various horrible sounds and stupid rhymes . I bought this disc and immediately went to the doctor for a shot . I did not want to be infected by its disease . I still do n't know what this rash is ...
 This disk has some kind of cockamamie copy-protection scheme that prevents it from playing in any computer I 've tried it in . If you want to load the songs in your IPod , forget it . When you insert it , it directs you to a Missy Elliott website which tries to install an ActiveX control on your machine , probably spyware . Even if you allow this , the disk wo n't play . None of this is disclosed on the package . It will play on a regular CD player . I listened to it once , then threw it in the trash . Please do not give money to music bandits who manufacture this kind of deceptive and flawed merchandise .
 Missy is always good for a energy type of jam , but her past few albums on a whole have been missing that key ingrediant that made her so interesting throughout the late 90 's . she still drops a couple of cool tracks , but there is alot of filler & there is n't that One knock out jont.pretty average & Missy does n't sound as driven as she was in the past.still She keeps you interested .
 Let me start off by saying this ... I love Missy . I always have . But there is no excuse for this CD 's poor quality.I loved every Missy CD , until now.I read reviews on Amazon , and most of them were extremely positive . So , despite my despising of the lead single , `` Lose Control '' , which is absolute trash , I bought this CD.The beginning of the CD is alright . `` Joy '' is pretty enjoyable . `` Partytime '' is too . But then it just gets awful . `` Irresistible Delicious '' is such an unorganized , uninspired mess , sampling songs with no creativity , which can be said about many of the album 's tracks . -LRB- `` Lose Control '' , `` My Struggles '' , etc. -RRB- There are some songs on here that are tolerable , like `` Bad Man '' and `` On & On '' , which definitely should 've been the first single . But most of this is just filler.Due to the failure of This Is Not A Test , which I thought was excellent , Missy decided to take a risk and kick Timbaland to the curb . -LRB- He produces only 2 tracks . -RRB- Instead of Timbaland , she turns to the producers of the minute . -LRB- Rich Harisson , Neptunes , Scott Storch ... -RRB- But this risk does n't pay off at all . All of these top notch producers are giving Missy their worst material to date . -LRB- Rich Harisson , go back to R&B ; ! -RRB- And although many people will disagree , I think the majority of Missy rhyming on this CD is wack . She tries way too hard to be gansta . -LRB- `` Mommy '' , `` Click Clack '' -RRB- What happened to the Missy that claimed that rap did n't have to be all hard and ghetto , it could be fun . Well , there are no fun rhymes on this one , unlike Under Construction.The R&B ; tracks at the end are only half cooked and are n't too original.But luckily for Elliott , this CD ends well with a successful try at reggaeton , with guest star M.I.A. , who tears up the track . -LRB- `` Bad Man '' -RRB- It also has a hilarious interlude at the end.It has a good beginning , and end . But the middle of this book has some weak recipes .
 How many popular songs can you sample in one album and still be considered original ?? `` Lose control '' is basically Afrika Bambaata 's `` Planet Rock '' instrumental with Missey hollering dance moves like a 69Boyz song . `` We run this '' is Sugar Hill 's `` Apache '' just cut up and rehashed with Missey shouting `` we run this '' . There are countless others that I do not feel like typing out . If missey runs `` this '' I do n't want to have anything to do with it . This album lacks originality and Missey needs to get her own beats and quit Jockin the old schoolers . She has taken the hip hop community one step backwards . I need one favor from Missey ... O R I G I N A L I T Y.
 if you 're a missy fan and gots to have her cd then this is for you I can not relate to this kind of rap the beats are decent and okay but since I 'm not into missy she needs to come out the closet and become the bulldagger she really is every damn video she uses other models to plast her head on this shows low self estemm issues .
 The tenors in this recording are very good . I am personally disappointed in this CD which is not what I was looking for
 Well Hell has frozen over . I finally heard a Paul Oakenfold mix cd that I did n't like . `` Voyage into Trance '' is bloody boring . This is why trance does n't get much respect . The songs sounds too much alike . Of course anything trance on the Hypnotic Label is pretty dull . There are none of the angelic voices that are found on his other cds . Even `` Ibiza '' is better than this cd as flawed it might be . `` Voyage into Trance '' has nothing on `` Tranceport '' or `` Another World '' . I would expect this mediocre ... from some wannabe dj who wants to become the next Paul Oakenfold but not from Oakey himself .
 this album -LSB- disappoints -RSB- . im a fan of oakenfold but this is some wierd tibet sounding stuff . nothing like what oakenfold is known for now . buy it only if you want to complete your oakenfold collection .
 I saw the title , and I thought , `` Well , it 's released off Hypnotic Records and they rarely use modern songs . '' I chanced it , and it was okay , but nothing too impressive . As far as the mixing goes , the songs are just combined , that 's it . Most of the songs are so repetive and unoriginal that the overall sound of the disk is something that would either put you to sleep or throw the CD away . Man With No Name is good , but other than that the songs are too long and repetitive . I - was - an Oakenfold fan but this has shattered my faith in him as a DJ . If you like goa trance that is not-so-new , then buy this . If you 're expecting a Tranceport or Essential Mix , avoid it at all costs .
 Oakenfold called a recent compilation titled Voyage Into Trance , which is credited to him , an `` illegal bootleg , '' saying that eight years ago he mixed some tracks on the British label Dragonfly for a friend who owned it . Now , he claims , `` they 've changed the cover , they 've put me all over it , and it looks like it 's an album from me . I have nothing to do with it . The original title was Dragonfly
 All the real Oakey fans know that this disc was not an `` official '' release by Paul Oakenfold . Actually 99.9 % of the material on this disc was leftover Paul Oakenfold scraps that an old Oakey collaborator took illegially from studio sessions that Paul did not think were good enough for his fans to listen to or release . The collaborator wanted to cash in on Oakey 's success . The scraps were then mixed by an unknown DJ - NOT Paul Oakenfold.Oakey actually sued collaborator over this release . Buy the CD and never open it - eventually it will go out of print - it will gain value becasue it is not Oakey on decks !
 yeah , oakenfold is an unoriginal sellouttry going to an actual live set of infected mushroom if you wan na hear awesome psytrance
 I found the depth of this album very hard to grasp as it lacked in uplifting sounds . Instead , all I could really think of when listening was how it sounded to low and the path the music was taking was very unsure . Instead of uplifting trance this album is dark and mellow . Not to my taste .
 This is NOT an official release by Paul Oakenfold . These guys are doing it without his consent and trying to profit from Paul Oakenfold 's name . Hence they came out with a DVD of this too . Shame on you . Boycott it . Do n't participate in it .
 If a friend asked me , `` Hey , what 's that Voyage Into Trance CD like ? '' , my reflex reaction would be to say , `` It 's alright ! '' . And that really sums up what it is , ` alright ' , not outstanding.The above concurred , this CD has a number of plus points amongst which would be the following : i -RRB- Stunning sound quality.ii -RRB- Seamless mixing.iii -RRB- Would make a great CD for a DJ looking for a background ` generic mixer ' to mask cuts.iv -RRB- As a result of its ` ordinariness ' it is great to jog or workout too , likewise to draw or paint to.v -RRB- Despite being long on the tooth it shows no signs of age.N.B . Five stars denotes outstanding , perfect . Almost nothing can be classed as perfect , unless it 's a ground-breaker , or genre defining moment in musical history . Assuming the five stars to be really out there , then four stars would mean pretty damn good , pretty original , inventive and somewhat defining , and three stars would be par - average . Any clearly defined genre such as trance is , by nature of its inclusionary status into the nomenclature , possessed of defining characteristics , beat patterns , sounds , samples , BPM etc. . If something steps beyond those parameters then it is no longer definitive of said genre , so whilst it might be worthy of more stars , it ultimately is not what it purports to be , that is to say , if it is THAT original -LRB- i.e. worth five stars -RRB- , then it no longer is of the genre . So by this very paradox , anything that fits succinctly into a definitive musical genre as definable as trance , will , by nature of its inclusion , be somewhat ` ordinary ' . To summarise I would say that this disc would make a worthy addition to any dance-music fan 's collection . Whilst it certainly is not ground-breaking , it is comfortably complex and very listenable . Enjoy .
 Oakenfold has always thrived on house and deep trance and everything in between . The appropriate title of this album should be `` Voyage Into Goa '' because that 's precisely what this cd is . I do n't know why he released this cd . He never plays goa live , and after listening to this cd you will find out why he does n't . The only saving graces this cd has are that `` Trancemission '' , `` Sly-ed '' , and `` Hallucinogen '' . These tunes are ok on their own , but since they are after all Goa tracks , they all sound pretty much the same .
 I got this CD despited numerous reviews claiming it was n't the kind of Oakey trance that people were used to . You know what , those reviews were spot on and I regret getting it . This compilation blew chunks . It should be renamed Voyage Into Techno because there 's nothing trance-like about this CD . Nada . Not the mixing , not the arrangement , not the selection . I 'm disappointed to say the least because I used to be able to count on Oakey to deliver the kind of music I like and now he 's telling me to look somewhere else .
 I love Oakey 's mixing style , but I ca n't stand his GOA albums . This is all GOA .
 I heard this guy on XM radio and ran out to buy this CD.It was awful , POORLY recorded , slow , boring singing by some unknown woman with him ooing and aahing in the background.For a musician of his calibre this album was PATHETIC to say the least.HORRIBLE .
 dont buy this albums or the volume 2 . its was so incredibly short . i could n't believe i paid for such short songs . there only like 1 minutes each.DO NOT BUY !!
 Let me preface this `` review '' by saying that this record is awful . I am not a fan or Mr. Manilow , and I find him extremely boring and unimaginative . However , as I gave this record 2 stars , there must be some redeeming factor going on here , eh?Absolutely . Although the songs he takes writing credit for on this release are without exception fairly terrible -LRB- painful , even -RRB- Manilow 's rendition of `` Cloudburst '' on side A -LRB- a tune he did not write -RRB- is beautiful . There 's really not enough I can say about this song . Witty , silly lyrics , brilliantly interesting arrangement , and Manilow 's vocals actually work well within the song.For the love of god , please do not buy this CD . It 's still horrible . However , if you happen to come across the LP at the Salvation Army for a buck or two pick it up , if only for `` Cloudburst '' .
 I guess since BlackHawk 's last album , Love And Gravity , stiffed when it came to sales , Arista told the boys that they have to become more country mainstream . This meant songs being forced upon them and there back-up band , BackHawk was not allowed to be on the record . There You Have It was OK , but there is another song on the album with the same hook . The only thing redeeming at all about this one is Dave Robbins ' song Always Have , Always Will . It 's a plaintive ballad that tugs at the heartstrings . Way to go , Dave
 ... IT , ... IT , ... IT ! I KNOW ANOTHER WORD THAT ENDS WITH ... IT , AND THIS SONG IS A PIECE OF ... IT !
 forest of equilibrium is the only full length cd of cathedral i didnt buy . this one i took back cause it has some real muts on it for songs . they have regressed to the point where only stoned out people in a coma could enjoy this elongated boredom of a cd . i could only handle listening to 5 of the 9 songs on here , the rest could make me not mind being deaf . the 13 minute templars arise is without a doubt the worst song this band has ever recorded . i loved there last 4 cds -LRB- ethereal mirror , carnival bizarre , supernatural birth machine , caravan beyond redemption -RRB- the music is slow boring and unintersting . i dont see how anyone could like this cause theyve regressed . i dare any reviewer to say they like templars arise cause that is 100 percent crapola . yuck yuck yuck this one does suck
 Hard to see the point of this one . It seems like a big step backward for Cathedral . Like , all the way back to Forest of Equilibrium . I did n't like it then , I do n't like it now . I LIKED the oddball doom-boogie thing Cathedral had going the last few CDs . I guess they got tired of it . So it 's back to leaden riffs , no grooves , and annoying singing . I can see moving their style backwards , but it seems like they got worse as musicians , too - nothing terribly impressive on the whole record . Lee Dorrian 's vocals are as ... unique ... as ever . Hard to take doom seriously when it sounds like that . I dunno , with a goofy voice like that , seems like you 'd WANT to sing about Planet of the Apes and Captain Cook . But I guess that 's just me . Anyway , I thought Endtyme was a big disappointment . It 's been a good 10 years for Cathedral , but if this is all they 've got left in the tank , maybe it 's time to quit .
 I have purchased all of the Afterdark CDs , and this one is really disappointing . I was expecting more from the Deep House center of the music world . I have yet to find a CD that measures up to the San Fran disc . Buy that one ! If they could only replicate that ...
 This album does n't even come close to the SanFrancisco , Madrid and the Chicago compilation . It 's repetitive , boring and dull . All I can say is save your money and get any of the other good ones .
 These cd 's are just OK . I was expecting more of a faster pace house beat , that I did not get from these cd 's . If your into slower pace house , then this one 's for you .
 it was s . l . . o ... w ... . it sounded like just noise in the background . if you 're a true sublime fan get all the original cd tracks or just get the best of sublime .
 this song is one of my favs but like any other sublime song its great sublime is the greatest band ever
 Boy this one sucked . I love Puff Daddy , he rules my world , but this one sucked ! He ended up ruining all the good songs . Waste of plastic - yikes ! Bye , Tisha .
 A waste of plastic . So musically devoid it gives me headaches
 This album is horrible , it just combines yet another annoying series of Puff Daddy samples that manage to disgust the listener . One interesting note about this album
 As the big BadBoy fan I was , I bought this album with great expectations . But when I finaly buy this MF : n s ** t I was so damn diappointed that I went back to the store and tried to return it . But they said that they did n't want because I painted a beard on Puffy so I had to keep it ! But in my rage I calmed down and gave it to my brother . I say 2Pac 4 Ever . F**k BadBoy as a staff record label and as a MF : n crew and if you wan na be down wit ' BadBoy then f**k you too !!! If you think like I or just wan na complain , mail me !
 i 'm normally a big bad boy fan , but this was just horrible . I have all Biggie 's albums and Puffy 's stuff , but this compilation just made me less of a fan , and I do n't think I 'll be buying Bad Boy anymore . The samples from Puff Daddy just **** me off , he ends up ruining all the cool artists like Mase , and The Lox by bringing them into his company and slapping old beats over their otherwise good rhymes . At least he did n't get DMX , I think i 'm a Ruff Riders fan now . do n't waste cash on this thing , and i 'd recommend no more bad boy stuff at all .
 why the f *** didnt this album have any of biggies hits ??? if it wasnt for biggie , bad boy wouldnt be the `` great '' label that it is , when i saw this i expected to see songs like big poppa , hynpotize but didnt get none ! dont get me wrong , some of the songs are good -LRB- flava in ya ear remix , feel so good is ok , cant see you -RRB- but i just think it shouldve had more biggie on it , it wouldve added more a rap feelm not just r 'n' b crap
 I do n't know what is wrong with people , how can they think this band is any good ? Sure the lead singer might be a good singer but do n't try and pass yourself as punk by making obscure gestures to make it look like your sreaming in your videos . This band is a clear example of what is wrong with the music industry today . Let 's take the finalist of Canadian Idol and pass him off as a punk because punk music is selling . Music has become a business and not an art form , the music being crammed down our throat today is sickening . When I see the names Hilary Duff , Lindsay Lohan , or Ashlee Simpson on the charts , I want to throw up all over my billboard magazine . I 'll admit there are some good bands today , but you wont find them on the charts . I 'm sorry to the Hedley fans because I do n't mean to take it out on this band but they are part of the same group , good looking people making god awful music . In an era where Paris Hilton can get a recording contract and a number of good bands get turned away from record companies , it becomes blatantly clear what the motive of record companies is ... $ $ $ $ . So save your hard earned money and do n't waste it on bands like this . Please , PLEASE look elsewhere . Do n't be corrupted by the music industry of today . There was a time when music was an ART not a business , let 's bring it back .
 This album sucks more then it blows . Worst album ever made . No Comment .
 Ya , when I first heard this , I thought it was SIMPLE PLAN . I mean come on ! They are just a SP clone . Simple Plan , who also suck , have obviously changed their name.HEDLEY is one of those `` Wah-wah nobody understands me I just wan na cry all day '' bands . I HATE IT ! That is not how emo music should be . Face it , THESE GUYS ARE NOT PUNK . their pop . In my world , It 's illegal to call these guys punk . So whatever.Want good music ? Listen to COHEED AND CAMBRIA .
 Love Rocks Vol 3 actually presents a nice cross section of hit songs . Once again there are few graphics and no liner notes whatsoever.The big problem with this series is the shaky sonics . Once again the db levels are all over the road . On this one , NONE of the songs sound great , some are so-so , and others are awful like `` I Go Crazy '' by Paul Davis.It 's laughable that people are trying to get $ 25 or $ 30 for this volume.Don ' t waste your money . You can find almost all of these songs on other releases that sound far better for a fraction of the price.The exception would be `` In The Midnight Hour '' by Cross Country but on this release it sounds dreadful anyway .
 THIS IS VERY OLD FASHIONED ! LIKE 40 YEARS AGO OR MORE . PLASTIC PERFORMANCE . I AM RESELLING IT AT A HUGE LOSS BECAUSE IT IS NOT AT ALL WHAT WAS EXPECTED .
 Usually I prefer dance music that 's not quite so electronic but have to make exceptions for songs where the vocals are catchy and expressive . Sweet Dreams was so catchy the songs grabbed me anyway . And that goes for most of the songs on that CD and not just the ones I 'd heard before.This CD just ai n't got it . Most of the songs sound completely flat and plastic and do n't move me at all . I bought S.O.S. because I heard `` Bolingo '' on a compilation and it really struck me . Unfortunately there 's only two other songs on this CD I even want to hear a second time
 First off , the single is going for $ 11 + online and contains only 3 songs and a video while you can pick up the full-length album for $ 10 or less in most record stores.There are no special versions of `` Maps '' and the music video is n't even in that great of quality , so they really do n't make the single worth it . And while it is nice to have the other two unreleased songs , they wreak of `` songs that did n't make the cut for the full length CD '' . They 're much more low key than all of the material on Fever to Tell and are n't exciting at all.You 'd be much better off using the money to buy one of their full-length CDs .
 `` Maps '' - interesting video . Very interesting song . Has a feel that reminds me of Joy Division/early New Order . The singer sounds just like Siouxsie of Siouxsie and the Banshees . Much promise here , but the absence of a bass to support climaxes and high points is noticable . Great guitar playing and drumming , though.The other two songs are awful . They are completely different stylistically speaking from `` Maps '' . The sound to me like bad Joan Jett songs made worse by the sparce instrumentation . Lyrically , they 're uninteresting , uninspired and un-original . It 's been done before , folks ... Too bad . `` Maps '' has great promise , but the other two tracks fail miserably . I was going to buy the full album , but after hearing this ep , I 'll stick with the one song I like .
 She is anorexic and ways about 100 pound more then the guysLyrics 0/10 Production 1/10 Overall 0.5 / 10
 I begin my review by saying that the Prague Festival Orchestra and Jack Lemmon did an excellent job recording Peter and the Wolf . However , The Toy Symphony left a lot to be desired . I could not listen to it because it was so terribly recorded . The recording had too much treble and I could not adjust my stereo equipment to compensate.I suggest you purchase the David Bowie narration of Peter and the Wolf . It was quality recording all the way through .
 I begin my review by saying that the Prague Festival Orchestra and Jack Lemmon did an excellent job recording Peter and the Wolf . However , The Toy Symphony left a lot to be desired . I could not listen to it because it was so terribly recorded . The recording had too much treble and I could not adjust my stereo equipment to compensate.I suggest you purchase the David Bowie narration of Peter and the Wolf . It was quality recording all the way through .
 I think Ms. Fleming is great in many operas . But here , she sounds just careless
 Ela exagera no drama , no convence . Tente LA STUPENDA E LA DIVINA , as melhores -LRB- na voz e no drama -RRB- !
 The Love Rocks Series is a budget line that collects a pretty good grouping of hits . Released by Simitar -LRB- some former K-Tel people I understand and that 's rather scary -RRB- as a sidebar project for `` Capitol Special Markets '' one would assume that Capitol would provide them with the first generation masters . Or at least the second . Of course you 've got to have engineers who have a clue too.Strangely , the songs that Capitol-EMI owns the rights to sound the worst on this project !! Especially the Raspberries `` Let 's Pretend '' which is very low level and sounds like a poor cassette dub . Also on People 's `` I Love You '' ... which is a Capitol owned song , the stereo is off-center . The vocals and most of the instruments hang about 30 degrees to the left.I ca n't speak for all of the other volumes but on Vol 2 , the db levels are all over the road . Some songs sound very good ... like `` Baby Come Back '' by The Equals and `` My Maria '' by BW Stevenson . Others are so-so and amazingly , `` Venus '' and `` My Pledge of Love '' are not even in stereo.I was primarily after 2 or 3 of these songs and I got lucky in that they happen to be the ones that sound good . I feel sorry for anyone who buys this expecting Rhino or Varese type sonics .
 Of all the Melvins albums I have -LRB- about 15 -RRB- this is , by far , my absolute least favorite !!! If you 're looking for a Melvins discthat actually contains music , do n't bother with this one . IT 's mostly a bunch of f ^ % $ #ng noise that will result in nothing short of a pounding migrain . When I bought this album I was expecting to hear some typical Melvins sludge rock , instread I got an album that was about as interesting as watching bread become toast . I guess if you like noise and the smell of sun-baked rotting dog vomit , this album is for you ... otherwise , do yourself a favor and buy a great album like H.A.T. , Stoner Witch , or Houdini as this album ca n't possibly qualify as ` music ' . Yeah , the Melvins have a sense of humor , in this case they thought it 'd be funny to make real fans waste their money on this glorified coffee cup coaster . Seriously , I _ almost _ threw this out on the interstate while driving . I ca n't even use it as toilet paper ... you can however , break the CD and use the shards to slice a gaping wound in your wrists ... that 's ALL this album is good for , gauranteed !
 Seriously?When I saw Melvins in Detroit with Tomahawk in 2003 , they KILLED . After a couple of inadvertent headbutts in the pit and losing the shirt I bought at the show , I decided I had to get every Melvins album!So after reading a few of the reviews of this album I ordered it from Amazon . I love all the pre-major label Melvins albums , especially Lysol , and they 've been one of the few bands to stay interesting and relevant throughout 20 + years.This album is neither interesting or relevant . Noise for 80 % of the duration before a guitar is picked up or a drum heard ! I love noise records , but this one 's just boring.It 's not all crap though . From the about 35 minute mark on things get mildly interesting , and then we have a nice version of Eye Flys to close the `` set '' . I can take a joke , but somehow I ca n't help but feel that I 'm the punchline.One star because they 're Melvins , and one star for Eye Flys . Melvins have so many albums and almost all of them are gold ! Make this the last one you get .
 I agree with the other reviewers who rated this CD at the bottom of the scale . Who wants to hear an hour of cheesy sound effects that sound like they 're from a low budget sci-fi film . Not me . Although I 'm a huge Melvins fan , I ca n't believe they would put out -LSB- stuff -RSB- like this . I want my money back too .
 You can read all the bloated , verbose five-star reviews written by people that think they 're in on this `` joke '' recording along with the Melvins . They 're not . And anyone who says they like listening to this recording is in serious denial . The suckiness of this disc is so huge , so epic , so colossal , that if suckiness produced light , you could see this album from freaking space . Yeah , I consider this disc is a joke -- a poor one -- and I think back to the good old days when jokes did n't cost you 12 bucks . FOR SHAME , MELVINS !
 Melvins are one of the few bands that seem to occasionally enjoy giving the middle finger to their fans . In this case , Colossus Of Destiny joins Prick as being one of the most annoying and lame albums that a band has ever unleashed upon its worshipers -LRB- and I am one of them , the only reason I take the time to write this half a *** d review -RRB- . I suppose that if one were generous , one could say that this record is an exploration of the dialectics of skronk and noise as a means of challenging the audience regarding its received notions of what constitutes `` music '' . That 's about the most generous leeway I can give this album , as most people would just say WTF and turn it off . Nearly an hour of aimless guitar and drum rumblings ... . well there 's not much else to say . And I really tried to think of something.It 's not that I do not like Melvins ... . in fact they are one of my favorite bands of all time . But they do have a tendency to be ... um , challenging at the best of times . This is not one of them . About the best you can say of this album is that it 's proof they really do n't give a f**k about what people think . That attitude , I am down with . The music ... . well it 's a stretch to call an hour of guitar scrapings and drum rumbles music , let alone good music.This album is for the diehard Melvins fan only , only if you 've got a masochistic streak , and even then it 's hard to listen to . You 've been warned.I 've never been able to listen to this all the way through . For much , much better examples of Melvins ' awesome power , see Bullhead , Houdini , Stoner Witch , even Senile Animal ... . not this . It 's a joke , more or less .
 Do not listen to anyone that tells you this is `` genius '' or `` have an open mind '' . It 's total garbage . If it 's a wall of sound , then it is also a wall of poo . A waste of every single penny . Not even worth listening to . Save yourself the time and money . I wish someone had warned me.All that being said , I am a Melvins fan . I just felt stupid for buying it . Maybe that 's their point ? I wo n't pretend to understand people I do n't know . They still put out music I love -LRB- Nude with Boots , 2008 -RRB- . Go snag that album instead .
 This album is a joke . On you.Buy all the Melvins albums ... just skip this one.Ever see that Simpsons when Homer rents the Clint Eastwood / Lee Marvin movie that turns out to be a musical about painting a wagon and then Homer ejects the tape straight into the trash can?This is that scene . A true waste of money . If I could find a way to shrink wrap it and return it ... hmmm .
 ... I 'm actually pretty ... at these guys . If they 're going to sell an album of junk noise at full price - with only two minutes of actual music - they could at least seperate the tracks so you do n't have to fast forward to it . And when they do start rocking , is n't it just a rehashed tune from `` Bullhead '' ? I can stomach the lack of seperate tracks in a case like the self-titled album , which absolutely kicks ... . But let 's face it , Melvins are aging rockstars , and as such , mostly embarassing . The best album they 've done in years -LRB- `` The Crybaby '' -RRB- was only good because it was made by a bunch of other bands .
 one word describes this album
 Why would a great heavy band repeatedly release strange albums that alienate their core audience ? That 's a question many Melvins fans will ask themselves after hearing `` Colussus of Destiny '' . 59 minutes of noise , basically , without any tune , melody , anything ! As much as I love classics , such as `` Ozma '' , `` Stoner Witch '' , and `` Houdini '' , this is total garbage.It was bad enough when they charged full price for the horrible `` Prick '' cd , `` Honky '' was lousy also . Even `` The Maggot '' did n't do much musically . I will never buy another cd of theirs without hearing it first .
 I am a melvins fan but this is stupid . I guess they 're the ones laughing because the got my money but come on . Am I missing something here ? Do n't waste your money on this . Pick up bullhead , gluey porch treatments , or stoner witch , anything but this .
 The Melvins have been so prolific over the last few years that they were bound to release something bad . COLOSSUS OF DESTINY goes beyond the b-word -- this is absolutely terrible , and that verdict is coming from a diehard fan . Recorded live in 1998 with Tool guitarist Adam Jones joining the band , COLOSSUS is nothing but a solid hour of ear-splitting noise . I ca n't fathom of anybody listening to this for fun . Frankly , I ca n't fathom of anybody listening to anything in the `` noise '' genre for fun , but this ... this is just atrocious . Long , painful , and occasionally even boring , the only reason to purchase this CD is so you can freak out other people -- and there 's far better material out there to achieve such a goal .
 Usually I prefer dance music that 's not quite so electronic but have to make exceptions for songs where the vocals are catchy and expressive . Sweet Dreams was so catchy the songs grabbed me anyway . And that goes for most of the songs on that CD and not just the ones I 'd heard before.This CD just ai n't got it . Most of the songs sound completely flat and plastic and do n't move me at all . I bought S.O.S. because I heard `` Bolingo '' on a compilation and it really struck me . Unfortunately there 's only two other songs on this CD I even want to hear a second time
 The new Outkast cd with its backyard beats and laid back style is simply weak . True , the hit single rosa parks has that smooth almost in your face beat but it still ca n't live up to all the hype that surounds it . so aquemini is simply a disappointing attempt to be different . Still if you are a true fan you will maybe listen to this cd for a week then forget about it .
 The only reason I wont sell this CD to a used CD store is because of the joint `` The Art of Storytelling '' . I feel that that song is the best hip-hop jam since Tribe Called Quest 's `` Find My Way '' .
 I placed my order at the end of December and am still waiting on my order a month later !!! There are speedier sellers to order from .
 I was never a big fan of Outkast , although I loved all the hits on the album , `` Rosa Parks '' , `` Skew It On The Bar-B '' , and `` Da Art Of Storytellin ' -LRB- Part 1 -RRB- '' , and I also like `` Da Art Of Storytellin ' -LRB- Remix -RRB- '' . The other tracks were all pure bull except for the beautiful jazzy beginning of `` Liberation '' , but as soon as Dre 's voice came on , it was ruined . A rap of any kind would ruin the song completely . `` Da Art Of Storytellin ' '' -LRB- Part 2 -RRB- was waste of time . `` Return Of The ` G ' '' , was terrible . These guys can rap , but what are those things that make their voices sound funny on `` Liberation '' ?? I do n't like this album , it is very overrated . I 'm the first person to give it less than three stars . Outkast is going on tour with Lauryn Hill . They should call it `` the tour of the most overrated cats '' .
 I recently became a fan of Outkast when I heard `` Stankonia '' , so I decided to check out `` Aquemini '' . Unfortuantely I did n't like it as much as I thought I would . It 's way to mellow and some of the songs are just too long to keep your attention . If you want a good Oukast cd , get `` Stankonia '' , not this rushed piece of garbage . And to think that The Source gave it 5 mics ... haha .
 All you need to read is the title of the review . Aquemini is crap compared to Southernplayalistic and Atliens . Outkast changed from writing about pimps , hoes , and cadillac 's and now they suck . I would give this album a zero , but I ca n't , so it gets a one . If you wan na listen to good Outkast music , listen to Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik or Atliens in the pre Badu days .
 Like the rest of these limp `` Glenn Miller '' albums recorded 40 years after he died this is a lame take on `` swing '' music . It 's well recorded but nothing like anything he did when he was alive . Call it `` Glenn Miller lite '' , or swing without syncopation . Similar to a Lawrence Welk approach to `` swing music '' albeit more lively . Either way , a misrepresentation of swing music . Pretty dreadful if you are a true swing fan , but lots of folks seem to enjoy this watered down pablum .
 Will this awfully mellow coloratura chirper ever stop shrieking ? Sills could n't fit the role of Anna less ! Maria Callas , La Divina , has always been , and will always remain the role 's owner.Incidentally , how can some people blatantly dare show their absolute ignorance ? How can somebody call - and get away with it - Callas ' soloists Nicola Rossi-Lemeni , Giulietta Simionato , and Gianni Raimondi `` second rate '' ??? I guess you 've neither listened to any of them nor heard of their superb and much acclaimed qualities as musicians !!!
 After listening to a few recordings of the opera , this recording is at the bottom of the heap . Rudel 's limp tempi and an apathetic chorus help weigh down the drama . I do n't remember if Sills made this recording before singing the role on stage , the performance here reminded me of what I heard live . She 's way over her head in the role and there 's nothing she can do to make the adjustment in darkness or heft needed to put it across . Plishka and Burrows sound like they are sight reading . Verrett is the only soloist who gets under the skin of the character with her usual bravura approach and gorgeous voice .
 Not one of her best ; over-orchestrated -LRB- especially the Jungle Jam bridge befor the last verse in `` Pretty Polly '' -RRB- ; songs too similar ; too few songs for the money . -LRB- Sorry , Judy -- I 've loved just about everything you 've ever done ! -RRB-
 The Love Rocks Series is a budget line that collects a pretty good grouping of hits . Released by Simitar -LRB- some former K-Tel people I understand and that 's rather scary -RRB- as a sidebar project for `` Capitol Special Markets '' one would assume that Capitol would provide them with the first generation masters . Or at least the second . Of course you 've got to have engineers who have a clue too.Strangely , the songs that Capitol-EMI owns the rights to sound the worst on this project !! Especially the Raspberries `` Let 's Pretend '' which is very low level and sounds like a poor cassette dub . Also on People 's `` I Love You '' ... which is a Capitol owned song , the stereo is off-center . The vocals and most of the instruments hang about 30 degrees to the left.I ca n't speak for all of the other volumes but on Vol 2 , the db levels are all over the road . Some songs sound very good ... like `` Baby Come Back '' by The Equals and `` My Maria '' by BW Stevenson . Others are so-so and amazingly , `` Venus '' and `` My Pledge of Love '' are not even in stereo.I was primarily after 2 or 3 of these songs and I got lucky in that they happen to be the ones that sound good . I feel sorry for anyone who buys this expecting Rhino or Varese type sonics .
 Well , see , that 's the problem
 This is not rap buy rap albums like Nas and KRS-One and Rakim and Big Daddy Kane and Tupac and Kweli and Aesop Rock and even Necro those are all real rappers these are all wannabe thugs .
 I think i must restate my previous review - how long have you been listening to metal ? -LRB- and paying attention to song structures ? -RRB-
 After listening to the entire album once , I immediately placed it on my pile of cds waiting to be resold . Why ?? Well , I just could n't tell if that guy yelling was Anders Friden or Tomas Lindberg , and then found myself thinking how musically similar this band is to those two . If the album was n't from 97 , I might have credited Soilwork with more originality , but with bands like In Flames and ATG , who needs them ??
 How can you listen to this stuff . the sing just growls that 's it . everybody can growl . How can you listen to this stuff .
 I expected this to be another Synergy album by whiz synthesist and composer Larry Fast . But alas there is no reference to Larry Fast anywhere on the album . On closer inspection , it seems that the word `` Synergy '' here is merely part of the title of the album , and there is no mention of the artist name anywhere on the disc.Regardless of whether it was Larry Fast or not -LRB- which it 's evidently not -RRB- , the covers on this disc are not very good quality ; the cover of `` Chariots of Fire '' and `` Tubular Bells '' are particularly disappointing . I highly recommend looking up the original artists for these recordings rather than wasting any money on this disc .
 This is not the wonderful studio-recorded Bing Crosby `` White Christmas . '' This is an old radio broadcast that someone put onto CD and has sold thousands , probably to ususpecting buyers thinking that they were getting a good deal on the `` White Christmas '' recording they know and love . And this particular one is not it.This CD may be acceptable to a tiny handful of 1940 's - era radio devotees . It is nothing short of a ripoff for anyone else .
 I bought this CD to use as background for a special Christmas Party being held for ex-pat Americans overseas ... . when I ordered it , I tried the `` listen '' function to make sure White Christmas sounded right to me ... . but I guess I did not read the reviews -- or I would have seen that bit about `` radio dialogue '' which is NOT in the product description . I wanted the music , not the old time jokes ! It 's hard enough to explain things in another culture !!! I was SO disappointed -- I 'd only spent about $ 12 , $ 6 for the CD and $ 6 for shipping -- but still ...
 If you want a great Bing Crosby Christmas CD purchase the White Christmas CD that shows him on the cover wearing a Santa hat . There you will find all the old favorites including some duets with the Andrew Sisters . This CD is a radio broadcast . It 's choppy and does n't flow like the other one . Some of the renditions are different also . I was very disappointed and wished I had been able to hear it prior to buying it .
 Love Rocks Vol 3 actually presents a nice cross section of hit songs . Once again there are few graphics and no liner notes whatsoever.The big problem with this series is the shaky sonics . Once again the db levels are all over the road . On this one , NONE of the songs sound great , some are so-so , and others are awful like `` I Go Crazy '' by Paul Davis.It 's laughable that people are trying to get $ 25 or $ 30 for this volume.Don ' t waste your money . You can find almost all of these songs on other releases that sound far better for a fraction of the price.The exception would be `` In The Midnight Hour '' by Cross Country but on this release it sounds dreadful anyway .
 the only thing to really say about this box set is that it is not nearly as good as volumes 1-10 , which i would give five stars because it is amazing.i love sixties psychedelia and the love peace and poetry compilations were really good , but still did n't quite do it for me . i bought rubble 1-10 hoping that it would be good and it was amazing . i bought rubble 11-20 for the same reason , but it was n't . not even close.a lot on this box set sound similiar and quite frankly boring . its not nearly as refreshing as 1-10 , but rather irritating after about the third or fourth identical volume . still there are a few gems sprinkled few and far between . bottom line , if for some reason you did n't buy 1-10 first , then go out and buy that one and save your money on the new one .
 All songs are almost the same . No variety of folklore and culture as it should be .
 The samples were so awful -LRB- who left the reverb on ?! -RRB- that I did n't download it even though it was free . That 's just sad .
 If you are a fan , you already own this . Sure , it 's a great concert , but do you need two copies ? I would guess that a high percentage of sales are duplicate purchases . This is an intentional rip-off .
 This was originally released in 1997 under the name `` A Fistfull Of Alice `` It contains a live album where half the tracks sound ok , and the other half leave the real Coop fans wondering why they chose this nights recording of a particular song , as apposed to previous versions that sounded so much better.Originally on the USA the album did not contain `` No More Mr Nice Guy '' but it has been put back on this version , as this is the way the album was released in the U.K. with 14 tracks instead of the U.S one that contained 13 . However , the reason I 'm only giving this 2 stars , is because the Japanese version of `` A Fistful Of Alice '' contained 16 tracks.Why was `` Bed Of Nails '' and `` Clones '' left off this attempt at cashing in and slapping a new sleeve on it , and not bothering to put the complete show on it?The tracks on this release are1 . School 's Out - A great live perfromance featuring Sammy Hagar on guitar .2 . Under My Wheels - Sounded much better on previous live recordings .3 . I 'm Eighteen - Same as above4 . Desperado - For those who like this song , you may enjoy hearing it live .5 . Lost in America - They could play this so much better live .6 . Teenage Lament '74 - Same as track 4.7 . I Never Cry - Same as track 4.8 . Poison - This is the worst version i have heard this song played live .9 . No More Mr. Nice Guy - Same as track 4.10 . Welcome to My Nightmare - Same as track 4.11 . Only Women Bleed - Same as Track 412 . Feed My Frankenstein - Even tho this contains Rob Zombie helping out on vocals , it sounds so incomplete without the blistering solos .13 . Elected - Slash joins in to help on guitar , as does Rob Zombie on vocals . This one sounds pretty good .14 . Is Anyone Home - This isnt live , it was the latest recording by Alice at the time . Not a bad song!The thing with this album is , if you hear what has been released as live versions on such albums as `` Classics '' , then it really makes you wonder why these where the recordings chosen to become a whole live album . It sounds like very watered down versions most of the time , and a lot of songs feel empty compared to how Alice can really sing them live , and the band can make them explode with excitement.I have a feeling what may have happened was Alice owed the studio one more album , and instead of recording a studio one , they said record tonight 's show and leave us alone . But anyone new to Alice , and discovering how much he can rock it live , this album is not the one I would recommend you start off with . Try the Trashes The World or Live in Montreaux DVD 's to experience the band the way they should be heard live .
 Bibio 's guitar playing is adequate , but any listening pleasure one might derive from that is ruined by the extremly bad recording quality . In this day and age of cheap digital recording equipment it 's unbelievable that somebody produces a * whole album * that sounds as if it has been registered on a dictaphone with a worn-out tape . Sure , it 's a fun sound effect , if used sparingly and with a certain purpose in mind . Track after track of guitar noodlings with scratchy highs and missing lows really starts to grate on both my ear drums and my musical sensibility though.Maybe I am just not `` avant garde '' enough to get the subtlety of Bibio 's approach . I rather suspect though that Bibio 's is having a major laugh that people actually take his pseudo-folky recorded-in-one-day stuff seriously .
 You heard it . Caballe is better . Sills ca n't handle the orchestral outburst . She is miscast . Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhh .
 I am a fairly big bjork fan , but this album really dissapointed me . The lack of instruments and lots of vocal layering really dose n't work well . There 's only 1 or 2 good songs on the album ... i 'm curious to see how this album will be pulled off live . darn . i think bjork is focusing more on the act of experimentation and less on quality songs . i wish i liked it more , but i ca n't even listen to it all the way through .
 bjork sucks.she has no talent or even a good look.her albums are just plain and when you listen to her songs you will be bored to death.she needs to get her ass kicked back to iceland and leave the music business.why people are listening to this piece of crap.don ' t waste your money on this album.buy other cd 's instead of this peace of junk .
 Bjork sucks ... I 'm sorry , she does ... wait ... I 'm not sorry . It 's too weird and ugly the way she `` sings . '' If you call that singing ... it 's just ... terrible ... terrible . Just listening to samples gives me a headache .
 EVERY SHOCKHOUND LP IS AN MP3 DIGITAL LP.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY . LOOK FOR THE ORIGINAL ANALOG EDITIONS .
 I have loved Bjork from the sugarcube days and some of that music was very odd . I believed I could listen to her sing a repair manual and be happy , but this ... . It is so ... Unlistenable ?????? is that even a word ?????? Am I getting to old to listen to her music -LRB- she is a year older than me -RRB- . It is just her and bunch of sounds and other peoples voices echoing and repeating over and over and over ... I 'm listening to it now , trying to find something I like . No luck . I will add it to my collection -LRB- I have nearly all her stuff -RRB- and hope for more on her next one . Sorry
 I received this album for my birthday and I must admit , I wanted to send it back . I am a Bjork fan since the Sugarcubes and have always been so impressed with her vocal talents and her vision . But I must say this album is just not what I expected . I just ca n't sit through an entire album of just vocals and no studio instruments . I am sad to say that she does n't sound great accapella and this album leaves very much to be desired .
 I 've been a Bjork fan since 1993 and it 's been quite an exhilarating ride . She has grown by leaps and bounds from album to album , never looking back along the way . Her need to move on and explore always brought fresh insights and new twists . Most of her work is damn near perfect . Telegram was a pointless reconstruction of the Post album , although it was n't all bad . Selmasongs was a little too brief , but that was a movie soundtrack . That leaves four proper -LRB- and excellent -RRB- albums and a few compilations . Medulla is the first release since those.Medulla is a mostly acapella CD and a very strange way to start a new phase of a career . Bjork is n't the first to do this . Todd Rundgren tried this once with better results . Bjork 's attempt at this is an utter disaster . This disc has no warmth , no intimacy . Bjork sounds disengaged and posessed -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . The `` music '' is so lame it 's neither here nor there . The songs here are so bad and so weak that it would probably be a bad disc even if the tracks had full regular instrumental backup . I would n't even call these `` songs '' -- unlistenable ; disjointed set-pieces is more like it . Bjork has said she 's tired of instruments and they are so over with . Fine . I 'm sure she derived much pleasure from making this -- she can have it . Do n't be fooled by the 3 1/2 star review Rolling Stone gave this -LRB- that magazine has been useless and irrelevant for years -RRB- .
 IF YOU BUY ALBUM , GET THE `` DUAL DISC '' . THIS IS HER YOKO ONO ALBUM.This album comes in the `` Dual Disc '' option . One side is a compact disc , and the other side is a DVD with the music in 5.1 . The sound quality of the CD is excellent . It is one of the best sounding CDs I have heard . The sound quality of the DVD is amazing and the 5.1 system is used to its fullest . It is the best 5.1 mix I have heard.Unfortunately , the music is a bunch of crap . Think Yoko Ono gone Icelandic . There is lots of screaming , heavy panting and other wierd noises coming from Bjork and her backup singers.I like Bjork pushing the boundaries , but this time I think she went over the edge .
 What was she thinking ? It seems like every band/artist has this period where they let the art get in their way of making great music . I definitely think that it 's necessary for an artist to evolve and change with the times in order to have a prolonged career , but Bjork 's dive into the artistic does n't do her justice . There are a few great tracks on this album , but fot the most part it 's disappointing . I eagerly anticipated this album , as I am , without a doubt , a fan of Bjork 's music . However , I can not help but feel like it was a waste of my $ 15 .
 The word ` Experimental ' summs up this album . Interesting maybe , but lack of melody , distracts from the Bjork known and followed by many . I was dissappointed with the album - ` big time ' . If it was not for the fact that Bjork was doing something original I would have given 1 or zero stars - because pushing the boundaries is what makes for interesting stuff . Its just this is so appallingly bad that I can never get through a single track without thinking - ` oh my goodness my dog sings better than this ' . Hmmmmmmmmmmmm
 I used to love Bjork when she was in the Sugar Cubes , and I became a faithful fan , purchasing her first three solo works punctually , like a true devotee . However , each one left me prgressively more disappointed . I started to suspect that Bjork was playing an immense practical joke on the music world , to see how much crap she could dish out and still rake in the bucks . Alas , with this work , I have no doubt whatsoever that my early suspicions are now confirmed . Anyone who hears the `` music '' samples provided here on Amazon , and still buys this album , well , what can I say ? You clearly are not in on the joke . Either that or you just have some fetish for giving your money to Bjork for no good reason . It 's sad ; she 's got a lovely voice and great talent -- I would love to see her return to producing actual MUSIC , but I 'm not holding my breath any more -- and in the meantime , I wo n't be fooled again .
 except for the first minute of the last song , i can not think of a situation or circumstance that i would put this in my stereo and be utterly satisfied by it as if it is the best music for the mood . it sounds like something they play at a mental hospital to make the patients go bananas !! lol stupid garbage
 I would like to start by saying my friends could never understand why I liked Bjork 's music but I have to say this is the most painful album I have ever encountered , cringeing . Never before have I turn off a bjork CD before it 's finish playing.It 's funny you know , now I 'm saying to all bjork fan 's how could you listen to this crap .
 Gawd , I swear I 'm this close to suing Bjork for stealing my material . When I was 16 and got my first 4-track recorder I recorded garbage like this . I did it because I was too poor to afford any instruments , so I layered track upon track of my own -LRB- horrible -RRB- voice in an asynchronous , arythmic & often atonal soup of vocals . The only difference between me & Bjork is that I had the good sense to throw mine away ... or I guess I would say , in hindsight , that it was BAD sense . Because there goes proof of my lawsuit . Dang.Oh well , I guess I 'll just have to content myself with writing a whiny little review that no one will ever read . Here goes . Until now , I had the greatest admiration for Bjork . Her innovative beats , unconventional singing technique and preposterous instrumentation is what set her apart from the run-of-the-mill pop tosh that 's dominating the music industry these days.With Medulla , she obviously attempts another vanguard . But she does n't realize that this HAS been done before -LRB- and not just by me -RRB- . Philip Glass comes to mind . Any one of the minimalist composers of the 20th century comes to mind . You know , those goofballs who damned themselves to eternal obscurity and/or ridicule for being so pretentiously childish in their approach to music.It worked in the art world . Picasso , having reached the pinnacle of classical technique , decided he would take things the other way and start painting `` cartoons '' . But it worked due to the inherent limitations of the canvas which foster audacious leaps of creativity in minimalist ways . Music , on the other hand has NOT been fully explored to the limits of its `` canvas '' , hence the reason why minimalist music will always be laughable.If you do n't mind hearing a choir hold a note for 17 seconds ; if you do n't mind hearing Bjork repeat the same musical phrase 9 times over some static , atmospheric chord in the background -LRB- played on what sounds like a cheap casio keyboard -RRB- ; if you do n't mind listening to essentially large passages of silence ; if you do n't mind hearing Bjork cooing to herself unintelligibly for interminable stretches of time , then go ahead , buy this album , come back here and post how artistic and innovative you think it is -LRB- like all the other reviewers are saying -RRB- . If , on the other hand , you want to hear something NEW -- something worthy of Bjork 's reputation of progressivity -- then I do n't know what to tell you . Move on to another artist , because it seems obvious that Bjork is all tapped out of ideas .
 I probably listen to Bjork more often than any other artist and have been used to expecting at least one spine-chillingly good track on any given album . Vespertine was great with some of the most interesting compositions and the best use of her fantastic voice . Medulla however left me completely uninspired and basically I never want to hear any part of it again.This was an exersise in experimental music that went wrong . I just have to have faith that the next one will be back to the usual standard .
 Wow , I listened to this album and could not get over how EXTREMELY booooooooring it is . Yes Bjork does have a nice voice , but by the end of the album I don ' ; t think I can listen it again for a very very long time . I highly do NOT recomend buying this album .
 This is a high concept album that ends up being hard to listen to , in my opinion . The gasping , sighing , and painful moaning make for an irritating listening experience on some tracks . There are a few great songs here , but even they can annoy when listened to with headphones where each gasp and lip-kazoo-sound is clearer and sounds more silly . The final track stands out , but when I listened to it with headphones for the first time , I really noticed the cat `` Mew ! Mew ! '' noises and men doing bad immitations of trombones . Yuck . Do n't listen too closely to this album or the overall effect could be ruined .
 She must think this is very arty , but it 's excruciating to listen to as music . It sounds like a soundtrack from a nutter asylum . Very boring -- actually worse than watching paint dry .
 I just had to counter all the exalted reviews of this recording . I found that I ca n't differentiate most of the pieces and just start tuning the entire album out eventually . I like other Bjork recordings , but this one is just too far out there for my taste . If you like the weirder parts of Vespertine -LRB- which I liked overall -RRB- then you 'll probably enjoy it .
 Bjork is the kind of Artist you either feel most of the way or you just have that look on your face like what in the World is this ? this Album has some interestign ideas that sudenly get losed just as they are springing outward . Vocally she is stil challenging to digest in spots.She is Creative but also seems sorta stuck in a rut lately & ca n't find that balance of Groove & Getting to a Point where things all come together .
 and she did it much MUCH better . I hate it when the media annoints darlings and then claims they invented things like layered voices without instruments , etc. . I should add that I think `` Vespertine '' is a masterpiece , and that Bjork possesses spasms of genius . But this ... this is a mess .
 I borrowed this CD from the library after seeing it turn up on numerous `` Best of 2004 '' lists from music critics , both in newspapers and magazines and on the Internet.What many others note is true . This album is unconventional , even for Bjork . The musical arrangements are built around multi-layered overdubs of her voice , like a version of Enya from some alternate universe . These are buttressed quite often with a choir , then underpinned with electronic keyboard.The problem , for me , was not that it was n't beautiful in SOUND . The vocal results were absolutely breathtaking at many points . But the songs never made an EMOTIONAL connection with me . For me , it was the sonic equivalent of putting a Monet into a cheap Wal-mart purchased plastic frame . There just were n't enough moments when a lyric that touched my heart combined with glorious vocals to transport me into another place.Maybe at some point I 'll revisit this and see if I can appreciate it . But after repeated plays -LRB- 10 or more -RRB- , I simply ca n't be pulled in by it . I 'll stick with her other CDs .2 1/2 stars -LRB- extra 1/2 star for `` Where is the Line ? '' , which I was able to enjoy . . -RRB-
 I have always loved Bjork . Loved her in the Sugarcubes and I 've followed her solo career buying every album or remix I could get my hands on . When I heard that she was making an ` experimental vocal ' album I was a little thrown off but had faith in her 100 % . Upon finally hearing the long awaited Medulla I was met with total disappointment . 2 good songs ` Oceania ' and ` who is it ' then you 're stuck with a bunch of filler . Does experimental have to be this painfully boring and uninspired ?? King Crimson , Squarepusher , Anodyne , Doves , have all ` experimented ' . The only difference is that they do n't put you to sleep like Medulla manages to do . I 'm a lover of art but this is a self serving album . It certainly shows.Get out the strings and the drum machine pleasestart making decent albums again like Post or HomogenicDisappointment of the year = -LRB-
 The album can best be described as a disturbing abstract painting . It looks good in the museum , but you would n't want it hanging on your wall . I enjoyed listening to it once , and I got the art of it . It just does n't leave me with a pleasant feeling , so I wo n't listen to it much more , if at all .
 After all these years of being a Bjork fan , for the first time since she released her album Debut , I absolutely hate her work . It 's just a recording of strange noises as she attempts to make her voice sound musical . I give this album 1 star cos there 's no half star ! : -LRB-
 When I heard that Bijork Released a new album I was excited!So I bought it.I played it.Now I 'm wondering if I bought the right album.Was it Bijork or the sound track for the Horror film `` The Grudge '' ????? Very Confused . Can I have a refund ?? Probably not eh?I would have given this album a -5 stars , but you ca n't
 Why is it that once some artists reach a certain high point in their career , they decide that music does n't matter anymore ? Is it because they have made so much money that they no longer care about appreciation from their fans ? Personally , I am tired of being screwed over.I have read quite a few reviews praising this album for not using any musical intruments . Actually there are a few -LRB- drums , piano , keyboards -RRB- but they are not used much . Only a couple of the songs on here wo n't hurt your ears -LRB- namely # 3 and # 6 -RRB- . But it 's sad that these are the best songs on here since they are still crap . Here are my thoughts on each song :1 . Sounds like Bjork is trying to mimick a ghost haunting a house or something -LRB- Oooo-ooOoo-oooO -RRB- .2 . In this `` song '' , Bjork says `` Show me forgiveness for having lost faith in myself . '' She should have asked for forgiveness for the headache you would get from this album .3 . This is one the almost listenable songs . After about a minute of solo singing there is a pretty heavy beat , which I like .4 . I guess this one is in Icelandic . Would make good background music for the elevator .5 . Now she is just experimenting with different noises she can make and is layering them on top of themselves . Every layer gets more and more annoying . Do n't listen to this one with headphones . You will end up distroying them .6 . Starts out with the experimental noises like # 5 . This one is the other almost listenable song on here . But by the time you start to put faith in it , it turns to crap .7 . After Mike Patton 's mooing , we are assaulted with more vocal rubbish .8 . More ambient nonsense .9 . See above .10 . See above .11 . Yawning , whining , gasping , grunting , hiccuping , throwing a tantrum . It 's scary she could even fathom putting this on an album to distribute .12 . Junk .13 . Sounds like monkeys making bodily noises . Is it just me or is there somebody meowing ? This is probably the silliest , stupidest , most pointless song on here ... but at least it 's over now.This entire album sounds like a baby just realising it has a voice and is making the most sounds it can . But of course , the baby has an excuse.I was excited about this album . I mean it 's Bjork , Mike Patton , a human beat box and a choir . There is so much that could have been done with that . There is no excuse for the pile of garbage that came out of it . Sorry , but I am tired of people getting big heads and turning their backs on their fans .
 Pretentious/ambitious art does not always equal great art . There are some great moments in this album like Triumph of a Heart , Who Is It , Pleasure Is All Mine ; but mostly it 's too high minded to be accessible -LRB- which is undeniably important in art -RRB- . A listening equivalent could be John Coltrane 's late 60 's albums , such as Interstellar Space ; music that many music snobs will unflappably rave about but , rarely will you catch them actually listening to it.Same goes for Medulla . This is music that most fans will force themselves to listen to and appreciate because ... it 's Bjork .
 Looking at Bjork 's past and then listening to `` Medulla '' is one of the most contradicting if not perverse musical phenomena you can encounter . It 's like Lou Reed 's `` Metal machine music '' LP and i get reminded that in later years he said something along the lines `` if anyone listened through this he 's nuts '' . I dont know if Bjoerk could ever get so self-critical but i heavily doubt it knowing all too well that if one can be so self-pompous it 's utterly utopic to expext introspection from them . `` Medulla '' has got to be one of the most excruciatingly boring and ultra self-indulgent albums i 've ever had the misfortune to listen to . And i was forced to listen to it working in a record store.It 's no surprise that the Icelandic national representative came up with is . Not when you 've noticed what she 's been doing recently which has been giving us all kinds of signs and winks that horror is set to bestow upon us . All her late albums are a treacherous path leading with mathematical and torturous precision to `` Medulla '' , which if any honesty existed in art should 've been named `` Horribila '' . Bjoerk dumped all the music created in the sessions leading to the conclusion of the album -LRB- she wasnt satisfied with it -RRB- grabbed a mike and only let go an odd hour later after a barrage of accapela that sounds like someone giving birth to a giant insect.Sure , the fans will predictably udst out the old `` but it 's art '' arguments , and even more sure some will opt to wait her out hoping she will return to what she once was
 What 's to like ? This is headache inducing stuff . Sure , the Icelandic winters must be long and harsh , but must the rest of us be exposed to this in the guise of art ? This is not interesting , not amusing , not listenable .
 this cd has about 2-3 good songs on it and if that 's worth the cost to you , good luck.the style is definitely new , but still feels like bjork . it 's not a total letdown , but i would try to hack this off the web instead of paying for it . most of this is pretty bad ... if you liked `` post '' or `` homogenic '' do not get this . this is about 25 % better than vespertine.-cwc .
 Thank you , Borders , for having a listening station with this CD ! All it took was listening to the first few seconds of the first few cuts to reassure me that I did not have to waste my time with this rubbish . How can any intelligent person take Bjork seriously ? She is so pathetically full of herself in believing that people will swallow this pretentious , boring , and totally unoriginal nonsense . The voice-as-instrument thing is nothing new ! By the way , I really liked Homophonic but with Vespertine , I started catching on to Bjork as a major BS slinger . I am amazed that any review here gives her more than one star . To All Fans of Bjork
 This is one of the worst albums I have ever heard . It 's boring , difficult to listen to , and represents the anti-asthetic . This is simply a half-assed attempt by an arrogant artist to create a `` revolutionary '' album . It 's not revlotuionary , it 's just annoying .
 I give Bjork credit were she has credit due because the woman will never sucumb to the `` pop culture '' epidemic which has plagued most of America . Bjork has always been 3 steps ahead of the game and has always crossed boundries artistically . So it really pains me to say that Medulla is Bjork 's worst album to date . Giving it a fair trial , I listened to it almost everyday for a week since it 's release thinking that it would grow on me ... no such luck . Medulla is far too experimental and has no structure . Granted the simplicity of the album and the vocal stylings are semi-interesting but this album as a whole left me aprehensive and annoyed . Of the 14 tracks , I will sincerely say that `` Triumph of the Heart '' , `` Oceania '' , and `` Mouth 's Cradle '' are the only worthwhile songs in the whole album . The rest is garbage . One awful track that sticks out in my mind is `` ancestors '' which sounds alot like the inside of an ill-equipped mental institution . The rest of the tracks are novice and mellowdramatic filler that is passed off as artistic musical and acapla interludes . It 's very dissapointing experience.All of Bjork 's previous albums have been , if not excellent , good . Bjork is known for her highly stylized and symphonic music , an engaging voice and poetic lyrics that are tender yet anthemic . Medulla , unfortunatley , is an unremarkable and self-indulgent copy cat hybrid of Selma Songs and Vespertine . I think I 'll just put the `` Medulla-Mishap '' away for now and listen to her greatest hits album until she comes out with her next album .
 ... Bjork scares me . She 's such a freak . Why do people like her ? She 's the Tom Green of music , liked for her utter weirdness . This sounds like music from a greasy , quirky demon from the bowls of Hell . Her voice is really annoying , she 's like whining and screaming and crying . The fact that there is NO background music makes this worse . If you 're ever in the mood for Bjork , scratch your nails across a chalk board , it 's the same thing , it will likely satisfy the disturbing urge that wo n't last long anyway .
 how people keep falling for this worthless load of self-hype is beyond me . she does nothing that is n't an advertisement for how `` uniquely talented '' she is , every gesture points back at herself
 What a mistake this album was ! Where are the beats ? Bjork got famous for her beats , the sampled cool drums and stuff like from `` Human Behaviour '' and `` Army of Me '' , I love those tracks . Her album `` Post '' is her best in my opinion , because mainly of its great beats . THis album has no beats ! Talented singers need instruments backing 'em up , otherwise the melodies are just boring ! The whole album reminds me of the song `` Tom 's Diner '' from Suzanne Vega , I wanted the remix and bought the album only to find that the whole song had no instruments backing it up . Songs suck like that ! Do n't you dare buy this CD . If you want Bjork 's best , look no further than `` Post '' and `` Debut '' , they are the most creative . This CD is probably the worst I 've ever heard , the only song with a real beat is the last track , and it 's rather strange too .
 Bjork -LRB- pronounced `` Bjork '' for those who keep saying it wrong ! -RRB- has put out CDs before this . I bought `` Debut '' back when it came out , and was not impressed . I did n't get the hype about her -LRB- Bjork -RRB- . I decided I 'd pick up `` Post '' when it came out . Same thing
 Ok , when I first heard that Bijork was coming out with another album I was excited . So I ran to the nearest store and purchased it for $ 17.99 CDN . I put the disk in to my CD player and after listening to the first 5 tracks I sampled the rest of the CD by playing the first 30 seconds , of each track , and then skipping to the middle of the track . I listened the whole thing and found after the second time through , I still did not like it . -LRB- If you like spooky noises , barely audible vocals , and tracks that have nothing but silence to fill the gaps between the next track , its a must buy ! Great for Halloween ! This album will really freak out the kiddies ! -RRB- I feel that I wasted my money !
 Honey , when I saw this white girl in that swan gown at the Oscars , I knew there was something NOT RIGHT about Bjork . She 's crazy ! This record is too weird . It 's like listening to a Bobby McFerrin CD on some potent drugs . Is Miss Thing smoking crack ? Somebody betta tell her that it kills ! Chile , this mess really freaked me out . THUMBS DOWN .
 in my opinion this is her worst album.its just doesnt come close to `` Homogenic '' or even `` Vespertine '' , there are a few good songs , `` Who is it '' is the highlight of the album , `` Desired Constellation '' is good , `` Triumph of a heart '' `` Oceania '' and thats about it.if you are someone who hasnt listened to Bjork and you want to , dont start with this album , it will probabaly dissapont you , listen to `` Post '' and `` Homogenic ''
 I reviewed the standard issue of `` Med&uacute;lla '' already . This review is purely for the purpose of talking about the Limited Edition . I was n't too impressed with it , because the lyrics are printed on the same paper as the poster -LRB- which is only the same photo as the cover -RRB- , so if you want to read the lyrics , you 'd have to take down the poster to do it . I know you can look online or whatever , but I just think it 's not practical.The case was like her greates hits one , just a two-sided digipak . The sleeve for the CD probably does n't protect it that much , I liked the case of the Homogenic limited edition .
 I love Bjork -LRB- especially Debut Bjork -RRB- , and I was so happy to hear Bjork 's out with a new album , but it 's just sounds like a whining tori amos in an Icelandic accent.buy it for the collection , not really for listening .
 I liked the direction of Bjork 's previous work , `` Vespertine '' , so I expected to like `` Medulla '' , however I found this very difficult to listen to.Headphones help , because there 's a lot going on in the background , but musically this CD comes up short . Bjork really must have had to get something out of her system.There 's lots of `` noodling '' going on , and many of the songs seem incomplete and not well thought out.Bjork will definitely not gain any new fans with this CD , and long-time fans -LRB- of which I count myself -RRB- will listen first before buying the next one.This CD is bad . There . I said it .
 I 'm going to be brief . I love Bjork 's earlier music , even Vespertine . I welcome her experimentation , but here , I find her experiment to have failed . This album is not enjoyable to me in the least . I was so excited for this new album from one of my favorite artists that I did n't mind getting ripped off by an expensive CD store just so I could have it immediately . Boy do I feel ripped off now . Listen to this one before you consider buying it .
 Let me preface this by saying that I am a HUGE Bjork fan . I own all of her cd 's and figured that naturally `` Medulla '' would be a fantastic addition to my personal collection . Boy was I wrong ! One star is far too generous a rating for this disaster of a cd and it is unfortunate that I can not give it none.Artistically and creatively Bjork takes a completely different turn with `` Medulla , and for the worst might I add . Basically this album sounds much more like experimental music/sound than something produced by such a talented world reknowned artist . Lyrically , and melodically this album is weak and inferior to anything I 've heard in her past music repertoire . I can not get over how bad it is , and coming from me thats not only a shock but quite the disappointment.Bjork usually hits it right on the head with her albums but she misses the mark BIG TIME with this one . Please take my word for it and avoid this cd - DO NOT waste your money . If you 're curious to listen to this album then my recommendation would be to burn a copy from a friend who was unfortunate enough to have paid for it . Do n't say I did n't warn you . * Addendum , just to give you an idea - there 's one track where her `` guest '' artist sounds like he has a cold and is hawking up phlegm . This album leaves much to be desired for in terms of taste and sanity . One can only hope that her next artistic incarnation fares better .
 This is the first time I have felt compelled to leave a review of an album . The absolute worst excuse for an album that I have heard . I am usually quite open-minded , and all for an artist who explores different approaches to their talent , but this CD defies all reason . Not only do I not like a single track on it , I could not even play it as background noise without feeling like I was about to go insane . The tracks are annoying and weird , pure and simple . And that 's all I 'm going to say . Listen at your own risk , but I highly recommend saving your money this time around . Hopefully Bjork will get back on track after this apparent mid-life crisis passes ...
 All these bandwagon type loyal fans putting in their hopeful 2 cents . It just makes me ill . Ive heard this album at the record store , I was thoroughly disappointed . No trade-mark electronica style music that we all know her for . Vespertine was awesome ! I was looking forward to hearing more harmonic , beutiful , and innovative songs . But this album seems like she went on a camping trip with some drugged up natives and never came back . Why Bjork ! ... Why !!!!!!!!
 IF YOU BUY THIS ALBUM , THIS `` DUAL DISC '' IS DEFINETLY THE ONE TO BUY.One side is a compact disc , and the other side is a DVD with the music in 5.1 . The sound quality of the CD is excellent . It is one of the best sounding CDs I have heard . The sound quality of the DVD is amazing and the 5.1 system is used to its fullest . It is the best 5.1 mix I have heard.Unfortunately , the music is a bunch of crap . Think Yoko Ono gone Icelandic . There is lots of screaming , heavy panting and other wierd noises coming from Bjork and her backup singers.I like Bjork pushing the boundaries , but this time I think she went over the edge .
 I figured as long as I 'm a big fan of Bjork , have been since she was in SugarCubes , by now her albums would sound better and better . I was wrong . I was excited to find her new album out . I just got it today and listened to it with a grimace face . It was that sour . Too many up and down voices from the `` Extra '' choir that she has in the background of many of the songs , like in the song `` Oceania '' . It made it sound way too cheesy , almost like she was trying too hard to make the music sound unique . Very disappointed with `` Medulla '' .
 An album with no instuments , just noise from people 's mouths gets annoying after a while . Nothing on this album stands out . I wanted to shoot my CD player after a couple of songs , but that would be violent , so I did n't do it . Do n't buy this , get something older from Bjork or her best of . She 's fallen off her rocker and nobody is helping her up .
 Rarely would I ever rate a musician so low , that I normally would enjoy SO MUCH.Bjork , you have disappointed this fan . When It became news that `` Medulla '' were to be made strictly by human utterance -LRB- completely vocal -RRB- I was hoping for a strikingly different release.Well , I was right about one thing
 I am a rabid Bjork fan.I am a Sugarcubes fan.I adore experimental , challenging music -LRB- e.g. Ramda , Solex , Cornelius etc. -RRB- Most importantly , I am a MUSIC fan , with an unquenchable thirst for new , exciting , genre-mutilating artists.That said , I think `` Medulla '' is bad enough to make kittens cry . As I listened to the album 's unrelentingly jarring , discordant , throaty aural assault , all I could think to myself was `` Bjork hates us and this album is the end result of that hate . `` I will undoubtedly be knocked down by others as being an unappreciative philistine who is incapable of grasping the bravura , the majesty , the -LRB- dare they say -RRB- sheer musical genius that is `` Medulla . '' Such claims would n't change the fact that listening to this album -LRB- with the exception , perhaps of the soaring , magical `` Oceania '' -RRB- made me feel as though ball-peen hammers were being driven into my temples while Tom Waits and Randy Newman took turns laughing at me and punching me in the stomach.If you are a masochist , by all means , buy this disc . If being the only tragically hip kid at the party who `` gets it '' is your life blood , PLEASE BUY THIS ALBUM . If you , on other hand , are someone who gets chills when you hear the opening chords of `` Joga '' , or whose body fills with warmth and nostalgia when you hear the ethereal refrain of `` Venus as a Boy '' , I encourage you hit the ` Back ' button on your browser as quickly as possible and try to erase the existence of this album from your memory .
 I love Bjork , but there is something seriously wrong with this album . Perhaps Bjork is too tired/bored of making the electronic harmonic/pop music she used to . I have an extreme open mind and ear for all sorts of experimental music ; but at the same time I know not to mistake lack of talent for genius . Clearly Bjork is a very talented singer ; however her songwriting in this album is terrible as is her selection of background `` instruments '' . Unfortunately it looks as if Bjork is running into the same problem many other great artists have ; they begin to run out of ideas as they age , yet they continue to try . This album is doubly depressing for me because for some reason Bjork enjoys having this album consume a significant portion of her live shows .
 This vocal-driven experiment falls flat with little songwriting substance to back up all the choral gimmickry . A few interesting textural properties are to be found throughout , but will only be for the adventurous to sift through in an otherwise pretentious project .
 ... I just could n't . Bjork is one of those artists whose music you either love or hate . I do n't consider myself a diehard fan of Bjork 's but I certainly have enjoyed most of her music over the years -LRB- especially `` Post '' and `` Homogenic '' -RRB- . I was curious to hear how her latest album `` Medulla '' would sound since she eschewed traditional instruments and in their place used rapper Rahzwell , Mike Patton -LRB- formerly of Mr. Bungle and Faith No More -RRB- , and the Icelandic choir . `` Medulla '' is easily one of the most unusual albums I have ever heard . I personally was bewildered and dismayed by the lack of melodies which is why I really did n't care for this album . I have listened to `` Medulla '' over and over again but the music never really grew on me . I got to admire Bjork for taking a huge chance on making an album that eschews your traditional instruments but in Bjork 's case , I think she missed her mark here . It gave the music an orchestral sound . While I do admire Rahzwell 's ability as a human beat box , his work on `` Medulla '' was overwhelming . If I was to put my famous migraine headaches to music , that is how it would sound . Rahzwell 's beats were repetitive and annoying , especially on `` Where is the Line '' -LRB- probably one of the worst songs on the album -RRB- . Bjork 's caterwauling did n't help either . I also did n't appreciate the layout of the cd booklet . I could barely see the lyrics , let alone the song titles . Grey on black is a terrible idea . Not very readable . Having gone to school for graphic design several years ago , the layout of this cd booklet is not very appealing or easy on the eyes.Not everything about `` Medulla '' was terrible . The addition of the Icelandic choir was a nice touch . It gave the music an orchestral sound . There were a few songs that I did enjoy such as `` Who is it '' and `` Oll Birtan '' . I just wished that I could have liked the entire cd .
 I was in a funk all day after listening to this album for the first time . Being a Bjork fan -LRB- almost verging on obsessive -RRB- for over 11 years , to say that I anticipated Bjork 's next release is an understatement.I can tell that I am not going to be popular given all of the 5-star reviews already posted but can see that I am not entirely alone in being utterly disappointed . Bjork is truly one of my favorite artists but I am not so enamored by her that I will convince myself to like something that I do n't just because she is the one who created it.Most of the tracks would be listenable were it not for the hyperventilating , moans , cries , and wails that make some tracks almost laughable . In fact , some of them I did laugh -LRB- especially the track Ancestors ! -RRB- , thinking to myself `` You 've got to be kidding me ! '' . Although some songs have stuck in my head and provide a glimpse of the `` old '' Bjork in all of her glory , I was hoping for an album that I could n't wait to listen to over and over again , that would satiate me for the years of wait until her next album . I did not find this in Medulla.She has said that she felt cleansed after completing this album and I sure hope she got it all out of her system because if the next album is like this one , I do n't know what I 'll do ...
 before i say the unpositive things i am about to say about this album , let me say that i really like most of bjork 's music . she has been tickling my ears with the most unusual yet listenable pop since her first albums with the sugarcubes , and while i have come to expect something different from each subsequent effort , i could always count on being seduced each time . which is why i was so disappointed with `` medulla '' . i know . she 's being an artist . she 's pushing the envelope . she 's broadening my tastes . no , she was just trying my patience . track after track of waiting for the song to get good , but having to skip forward out of shear aural irritation . i 'm sure there are people for whom this album will be just the sort of thing they 've been longing for , but for me it will probably be the last bjork album i buy without listening first .
 I 'm trying to like Bj&ouml;rk 's Medulla . Someone I deeply respect compared it to Peter Gabriel 's ` Passion ' soundtrack . He called it ` Difficult but worthy . ' And liking Bj&ouml;rk 's work , I 'm really trying to enjoy this . But Medulla is a big experiment , and while I 'd say there are moments of , ` Hey , that 's neat . ' The rest is a dull , unlistenable , quirky sci-fi soundtrack for developmentally disabled slow children . -LRB- see
 Yeah , I really was . I had read the names of the artistes that wore working on the album , people like Matmos , Mike Patton , Dokaka and ... jeee I would have never taught to see a collaboration with Mike Patton on a Bjork 's work.It had seam to me a real powerful group that would experiment extremely exciting music . I just could not wait to hear all that !! I watched on TV Bjork at the Olympic Opening.The costumes , the choreography were interesting but ... the song ? ... it did n't catch me at all . Too Pop-y for my taste.The worst came when I finally got a listen of the entire album . I find it Bjork 's most disappointing album to date . I was really sad about it.Bjork in her career has hopped through many music styles but it is to consider that she never totally estranged , musically , from pop.I had kind of sensed a Bjork 's more melodic pop orientation on Vespertine , but the music still kept up it still had a sort of experimentation.I support an artist 's choice and audacity to evolve and experiment during his/her course but evolution does n't always turn out to better results . It ' just a matter of taken choices.I just do n't like to criticize or spit on someone 's hard work but I will not take as good every note or sound she -LRB- Bjork -RRB- puts together.Seams she 's working more on her image and promotion then on her music . _ MEDULLA simply lacks of the ingenious creativity that has always characterized Bjork 's music _ . I do adore Debut , Post , Homogenic and other of her works and I still hope that Bjork 's best period has not pasted , I would like to consider these few years just as a interlude.Excuse-me for my English . -LRB- I 'm learning -RRB- -LRB- who does n't -RRB-
 Bjork last LP , Medulla , has been presented by someone as it was a contemporary classical music work . Well , if we have to judge Medulla from a classical point of view it should be rated less than zero . Bjork is not stupid , and clearly knows she is doing -LRB- high quality -RRB- pop music ... maybe sometimes she forgets it . Let a boys ' choir listen to Stockhausen and ask them to imitate his style
 I 'm sorry to be one of the lone voices of dissent , but I was very disappointed by this album.I 've loved all of Bjork 's album , including Vespertine . I love Bjork because of her soaring voice , pounding grooves and great hooks . I did n't find much of the grooves or the hooks on this album besides on the track `` Who Is It '' which is the sole awesome song.I find some of the reviews a little annoying because it seems they all want to reward Bjork for making a crazy and avant garde album . Sorry , I do n't buy it . I like hooks and I like stuff to be listenable . I do n't find this album to be very listenable . It 's a great audio experiment that is executed with incredible virtuosity , I 'll certainly give her that , but it 's weird - very weird . Many of the songs are short -LRB- four songs are two minutes or less -RRB- and they seem to just indulge Bjork 's occasional self-indulgent tendencies -LRB- also see Vespertine 's Frosti for an example of such a song -RRB- . The goal of this review is simply to warn some Bjork fan that may purchase the album without hearing it first
 Bjork , having achieved momentary diva pop stardom , is doing everything in her power to erode her fan base . This self-indulgent waste of time will be available soon for $ 1.35 as merchants attempt to recover their investment . A classic example of the `` Emporer 's New Clothes '' story in real life . As the kid finally blurted as the naked Emporer strode through town , `` HE HAS NO CLOTHES ON !! '' ... Bjork has released an album where `` THERE 'S NO MUSIC !! '' Sure , the intelligentsia may gush ... but do n't be fooled.There is nothing but empty vocals . And I mean nothing . It sounds like she 's recording ad lib moments . THAT 'S IT . Song after song . It makes you long for the days when she used more conventional instrumentation , like the xylophone made from car exhaust pipes or the Innuit Choir and music box ... A collosal waste of time , money , and talent.Re-unite with the Sugarcubes already and forget this lame solo career .
 It 's unfortunate that some feel anything that is different from the mainstream is automatically `` art . '' First , this album is not original in concept as several earlier reviews point out . Bjork is not the first artist to release an all vocal album . Second , except for the choir none of the background vocals add any depth , structure , or musical composition to any of the songs . One track even has a `` vocalist '' hacking up what sounds like mucus out of his/her throat . Third , most of the guest vocalist and even many of Bjorks own vocals sould like vocal practice tuning sessions as the voices are off key and quite unpleasant to listen to . Most of these vocals appear to be on the songs for novelty value and nothing more . The human `` beat box '' is simply the silly sounds many teenage boys have been making for decades when mimicing their favorite pop tunes . Surely an all vocal album contains more possiblities than this hodgepodge of nonsense . Medulla is a silly excuse for an album .
 Bjork has been playing with her computers again . She is doing science experiments on her vocal samples . And I do like science . But the one thing Bjork has n't done for this album is make music.Bjork tricked me into becoming a fan with a few songs she made a long time ago
 I love many of Bjork 's songs , love her sensibility , her attitude , creativity . As a fan of flamenco , Tibetan chants , Bach chorales , Meredith Monk , I was looking forward to this album . But I ca n't listen to it . It 's because of the track that turns up early on in the album , with the single repeated lyric , `` Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? Where is the line with you ? '' Et cetera.This is where I have to turn the player off . And it 's no fun to have to skip a track every time you want to play an album.Lyric repetition occurs in a lot of vocal music and can be a delicious thread in the sound . So I 'm still trying to work out why this song makes me feel like a schizophrenic who ca n't shut off the voices . Of course maybe that 's exactly the effect Bjork was trying to achieve . : - -RRB-
 I decided at the library to rent out a Bjork c.d. and see what all the rave was about . I still , after hearing Medulla three times , still do n't get the rave . This album is a mess with a bunch of voices coming out of nowhere making embarassing noises and then weird sounds coming from other places , I felt it was just that
 I loved every Bj&ouml;rk release up until this one , Vespertine most of all . It seemed she had taken her considerable talent and refined it and done something very magical with it.And then came this . A love-it-or-hate-it album , and I hate it , sad to say . It 's as if she cast aside all her skills and talents beyond her voice , and did n't give her voice the right environment in which to shine.I 'm all for experimentation , but in my ears , this one failed . I sincerely hope her next release returns to former glory .
 I have been a fan for quite some time and had the pleasure of seeing Bjork live at the Civic Opera House in Chicago for her Vespertine tour , probably the best concert I have ever seen or heard.I looked forward to hear new work , when I bought it , I could not help but think , that she now has the creative freedom to do whatever she likes , and has earned it however , sometimes when you make something for yourself , you alienate your fan base . I like many singers , but would not want to buy a CD of them singing in the shower or groaning and singing to other grunting and trying to make beats with their voices.I do n't think this is music , not anything I could listen to for more than 5 minutes and be completely annoyed . There is a band called Special Music By Special People in Illinois comprised of many handicapped or mentally challenged people , they try so hard to make good music , with the talent they have . I saw them at taste of Chicago . Even though the music is not that great you know they love what they do and that comes through when you listen and I enjoy it still . Bjork is trying to do the same thing only , she is making music for the sake of art or eccentricity . Now that I know she is doing this , I wo n't be buying anymore of her music . The vocals on Medulla sounded like everyone had trouble with language and was physically and mentally retarded.I remember guys at my grade school talent show doing the beat box routine in the 80s , I do n't see how listening to people trying to fake electronic beats is innovative?I am a fan but this CD should be filed under experimental .
 I have been a fan of Bjork for a long time . Each of her other albums were innovative , interesting and somewhat fun . This one sucks pretty bad . It is very boring , I feel like Bjork is focused so much on being `` artistic '' that her music , especially on this CD is becoming unlistenable .
 I am a huge Bjork fan . I 've liked everything to date , but this latest album I must say is a huge disappointment . I give her props for not concerning herself with critical success and being experimental , but I just ca n't get into this latest release , `` Medulla '' . I think `` self-indulgent '' is a good way to describe this one . Instead of presenting listeners with a concept or an idea in many songs , she either presents us with acapella musings in Icelandic , or a collection of moans , gasps , and other random sounds -LRB- Ancestors -RRB- . I found the overwhelming theme of the songs that arent acapella to be dark and sinister . Certainly not the Bjork I fell in love with with the glorious `` Post '' and `` Homogenic '' .
 While I 've not written a review of Bjork 's Vespertine album , it would have included the phrase '' -LSB- o -RSB- ne of the best ten albums I 've ever heard . '' I mention her previous albums not to stall , but to foreshadow my disappointment with `` this '' . In Bjork 's previous four studio albums , to me , they hint at a cycle of sorts . With Debut , Bjork created a pretty good album full of apparent creativity , but lacking a `` vision '' . With Post , however , Bjork released an album where it truly seemed like every song _ belonged _ on there . The beats were very tight and constructed , with a way of wearing you out until the very end.With Homogenis , the same sort of cycle reared itself . Like Debut , it seemed to be an artist finding her voice , yet again . While half the album - songs like Pluto and Joga - was amazing , the other half was bland , with no real pace of the album.And then there was Vespertine , which was a haunting marvel of everything `` Bjork ''
 Only die hard fans of Prado or folks with no appreciation for a good sounding CD will dig this album . Each track has a different volume and quality level ranging from transistor radio to hifi . BUT , if you want to hear him at his best but can do without Cherry Blossom Pink , check out the CD ` PREZ ' The Mambo King , Vol . 1 -LSB- Original recording remastered -RSB- . It 's fantastico and sounds so good it 's hard to believe it was recorded in ' 57 . You will feel as if you are driving the strip in Miami in an old convertible .
 With 250 other GJ cds to choose from this is an easy `` pass '' . About 8 of the 10 tracks were clearly copied at the wrong speed . Sounds like someone putting their thumb on the turntable - seriously!The only GJ cd in my 50 + collection I regret purchasing . You 've been warned ...
 I bought this CD primarily for the old Doris Day tracks on it . Unfortunately , they sound like they have never been remastered and they are underwater . Horrible sound and a big disappointment that Laserlight/Delta music put out . Why did they bother?I would recommend the new `` Doris Day Christmas Album '' which has been re-released -LRB- by either Columbia or Sony -RRB- . You can find it on Amazon UK or Tower Records UK . It has been out of print for a long time , but finally was re-released in November 2003 . It has all 9 original tracks of the Doris Day Christmas Album as released in 1964 . If you prefer the `` older '' tracks like `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' as found on this CD , the Personal Christmas Collection actually has decent remasters of the same recordings on this CD . Either way , do n't waste your money on this CD.One track on this CD has Doris ' beautiful rendition of `` Second Star to the Right '' but again it is a bad recording . I recommend the `` Secret Love '' box set from Bear Family Records -- all the 1950s recordings sound like they were recorded yesterday - and this same song sounds great.Doris is a wonderful singer -- one of the 20th Century 's best .
 I agree with tallguy - this is bad . This CD sounds like it was recorded off of an old radio broadcast - and I do n't mean at the station ! The sound is awful and the quality makes me wonder if this might not be a bootlegged copy of the songs . It sure is n't a studio quality recording . I can not believe anyone connected with any of the recording artists would have approved this release . A junior high student with a cheap cassette recorder and an equally cheap radio could make a recording this good.Even if you are a fan of the 40 's - type music , DO N'T BUY this one ! Stick with the `` Doris Day Christmas Album '' because it is so much better .
 After seeing the production of Cabaret at Studio 54 , I eagerly purchased the revival recording . I was disappointed when I listened to it , however . The voices I heard live were much stronger and more expressive than those on the recording . I was particularly disappointed by Natasha Richardson 's tracks - after seeing Joely Fisher give a moving performance with great expression -LRB- not to mention vocal ability -RRB- , Richardson 's Sally does n't measure up .
 But I am a big fan of the music . While I get the fact that Sally Bowles is supposed to be second-rate and I 'm all for doing Cabaret as realistically as possible , I still find it extremely difficult to listen to Natasha 's Richardson 's singing . I just ca n't figure out why one would voluntarily subject oneself to something so terrible and painful to listen to . The patrons of the `` real '' Kit Kat Club were obviously really drunk and depressed while listening to Sally Bowles , but I 'm not prepared to get wasted every time I want to listen to the music of Cabaret . I do n't doubt that Natasha Richardson was great in the role , but maybe it was necessary to see her in the the show to derive pleasure from her songs here.Everyone else is fine .
 Although this reveals alot more of the grit within the story , I found it to be a little harsh , and not very romantic . Although Sally Bowles was no great singer , Natasha Richardson is close to awful . Mary Louise Wilson , however , is just wonderful .
 This album is a TRAVESTY.The small amounts of spoken dialogue indicate a poorly acted , melodramatic debacle . The singing is weak , passionless and uninspired . The accents are horribly done . Compared to the remarkable Lotte Lenya , whoever plays the Fraulein 's part is not the strong , interesting person of the original production . Instead , we have a fraulein that is just plain old and drab . The revision of the master of ceremonies is decidedly unwelcome - harsh and unforgiving . Sally Bowles has a completely unattractive voice . Everyone sings amateurishly , and it 's obvious that they were trying to go for a harsh/realistic tone . The problem is that the way they do it it just plain sucks . This new Sally Bowles ca n't even hit some of the notes that I heard on the original broadway album . Combined with , again , HORRIBLE accent work that should be used as a textbook example for every actor on what NOT to do.The point of Cabaret was great beauty and fun existing in the midst of tremendously tumultuous times . The 1998 reimagining of Cabaret as a production MIRRORING tumultuous and hard times is boring , ugly , in short a complete and utter failure . A 1/10 . When I consider that it is an INSULT to the original broadway production , I lower that rating to 0/10 . Then I reconsider - how can I give anything that incorporates such wonderful -LRB- written -RRB- music a 0/10 ? So I raise it back up to a 1/10 . However , you 'd never know that it was wonderful listening to this debacle . It 's like listening to Tchaikovsky sung by a thirteen year old with no vocal training in the throes of puberty . Just plain awful .
 Live Meltdown really has the `` cream '' of Judas Priest songs . But the new singer Ripper seems to expend the whole album trying to show how good he is , and he gives us so many highs and lows tones that he sounds like King Diamond , not a singer from Judas Priest !!! For someone who wants to have the best of Judas in only one album , it 's much better to buy METALWORKS , of 1993 , even if it is not recorded live !!
 I have kept hearing about how great this disc is and how great this `` ripper '' is . Well , I have finally listened to this from beginning to end . I have to say that I am very disappointed . How dare people compare ripper to Rob Halford . It is n't even close . In fact there is nothing special about him at all . It is great to hear the hooks and crunching of the Priests ' music again but the vocals just do n't do it for me . Granted , Halford may not be able to hit the heights anymore , but at least it would save the embarrassment of hearing poor K.K. , Glenn and Ian playing in what is just a shell of its former self , the mighty Judas Priest . JP please know when to say when . Stop the insanity !!!!!
 No apologies . If it 's not the Metal God-it 's not Priest . Period.I 'd rather own Live in Anaheim.I think Ripper Owens is an excellent Metal Vocalist . His work with Iced Earth is excellent-and if youtook his Priest studio work on its own merit-it 's good.But Green Manalishi , Victim are meant to be sung by Halford.Halford is the best Metal Vocalist in history.It 's an interesting journey-but it leaves you wanting more .
 Ripper Owens JUGULATOR Sucked . It was so generic and sloppy , nothing like Judas Priest . Consider the fact that I own 27 albums , 12 tapestries and I have retired 30 + JP tshirts , I WAS one of their biggest fan . He might be good live but he will never ever EVER be Rob Halford ... NEVER . Ca n't sing , ca n't harmonize and CAN NOT write like Halford . Sorry but their time is over with out Halford . Priest is dead , face it .
 After all is said and done its really down to whether Ripper Owens can fill some of the biggest shoes in rock . When you read the track listing on the back of this double CD this band certainly is n't short of a few classic tunes , plus there are plenty more where they came from . But in my opinion this CD is a travisty . The vocals are dull and lifeless , infact the best vocal performance is from the crowd . The patter used between songs is woeful and just plain annoying . I mean compare this to ` Halford 's Live Insurrection ' and ` Meltdown ' will be collecting necessary dust . I do n't mean to be disrespectful but Halford 's shoes are just not being filled successfully . And before you say it I know Ripper is not Rob Halford and that he is his own man . Then I ask the question why not wait until this line up had a couple of decent new songs before releasing what essentially is a best of . At least then the ear would be drawn away from the missing ingredient that made Priest such an essential heavy metal legend allowing us to judge this new line up on its own merits . A big thumbs up for the ` Diamonds and Rust ' inclusion which is performed with an ounce of taste and respect . Unfortunately little else is . I for one will not be buying new ` Judas Priest ' product purely on past reputation and the power of the brand name alone .
 I bought this cd not realizing `` Ripper '' Owens was on lead vocals - bad mistake . All you have to do is listen to the sample of Victim Of Changes provided here on Amazon . Of course Tipton and Downing sound great , but just wait until the vocals kick in . It 's absolutely awful . He sounds like the stereotypical wannabe heavy metal singer from a cheeseball cover band you 'd see at the local rock club in the 80 's . Do yourself a favor - save your money on this one and pick up an earlier Priest cd with Halford - Unleashed In The East is the best Live one - I 'm buying the latest compilation box - only 4 songs from Crapper Owens .
 The priest w / Ripper Owens isnt anyhting good at all . listen to these tracks and you 'll wish Rob was back . Ripper isnt bad but he isnt half the singer Rob is . Compare the studio `` Painkiller `` version with the live one heard on this album and its a total failure . He cant hit the high notes or even mid-notes and has the crowd sing most of the song . as with the rest of the album it grooves but the drummer sounds almost as bad as ripper and he 's younger than any of them !! buy other live albums WITH the orginial and better singer on vocals and notice the huge difference in performance , quality , and power .
 If you 're not sure , do n't take a chance on this one .
 After seeing the production of Cabaret at Studio 54 , I eagerly purchased the revival recording . I was disappointed when I listened to it , however . The voices I heard live were much stronger and more expressive than those on the recording . I was particularly disappointed by Natasha Richardson 's tracks - after seeing Joely Fisher give a moving performance with great expression -LRB- not to mention vocal ability -RRB- , Richardson 's Sally does n't measure up .
 But I am a big fan of the music . While I get the fact that Sally Bowles is supposed to be second-rate and I 'm all for doing Cabaret as realistically as possible , I still find it extremely difficult to listen to Natasha 's Richardson 's singing . I just ca n't figure out why one would voluntarily subject oneself to something so terrible and painful to listen to . The patrons of the `` real '' Kit Kat Club were obviously really drunk and depressed while listening to Sally Bowles , but I 'm not prepared to get wasted every time I want to listen to the music of Cabaret . I do n't doubt that Natasha Richardson was great in the role , but maybe it was necessary to see her in the the show to derive pleasure from her songs here.Everyone else is fine .
 Although this reveals alot more of the grit within the story , I found it to be a little harsh , and not very romantic . Although Sally Bowles was no great singer , Natasha Richardson is close to awful . Mary Louise Wilson , however , is just wonderful .
 This album is a TRAVESTY.The small amounts of spoken dialogue indicate a poorly acted , melodramatic debacle . The singing is weak , passionless and uninspired . The accents are horribly done . Compared to the remarkable Lotte Lenya , whoever plays the Fraulein 's part is not the strong , interesting person of the original production . Instead , we have a fraulein that is just plain old and drab . The revision of the master of ceremonies is decidedly unwelcome - harsh and unforgiving . Sally Bowles has a completely unattractive voice . Everyone sings amateurishly , and it 's obvious that they were trying to go for a harsh/realistic tone . The problem is that the way they do it it just plain sucks . This new Sally Bowles ca n't even hit some of the notes that I heard on the original broadway album . Combined with , again , HORRIBLE accent work that should be used as a textbook example for every actor on what NOT to do.The point of Cabaret was great beauty and fun existing in the midst of tremendously tumultuous times . The 1998 reimagining of Cabaret as a production MIRRORING tumultuous and hard times is boring , ugly , in short a complete and utter failure . A 1/10 . When I consider that it is an INSULT to the original broadway production , I lower that rating to 0/10 . Then I reconsider - how can I give anything that incorporates such wonderful -LRB- written -RRB- music a 0/10 ? So I raise it back up to a 1/10 . However , you 'd never know that it was wonderful listening to this debacle . It 's like listening to Tchaikovsky sung by a thirteen year old with no vocal training in the throes of puberty . Just plain awful .
 A poor introduction to Jefferson Airplane . I was drawn to the group by `` White Rabbit '' with the haunting vocals of Grace Slick but 90 % of the C.D. is unimaginative garbage and I recommend talking to some folks familiar with the Airplane 's body of work and purchasing selected albums -LRB- CD 's -RRB- . As an introduction to the groups body of work , this is a waste of your money .
 If you were going to buy this album , do n't waste your money.You should , like I wish I would have , bought a greatest hits album from one of the seprerate periods of this band 's permutations . I dig Jefferson Airplane for their early , ' 60 's material , not this ' 70 's and ' 80 's garbage that sounds almost manufactured as ABBA . I guess this album -LRB- or Starship as a whole -RRB- would n't be so bad if Grace Slick was the full time lead singer . I mean , lets face it , you say Jefferson Airplane and three songs come to mind immediatly , `` Somebody To Love '' , `` White Rabbit '' , and `` Volunteers '' , now how many of those does Slick sing back up on ? One.That asside it might be without hope anyway , the first disc is OKbut the second disc is just awful . Listen to some of this trash and you 'll wish you would have bought a compost heap with the money you wasted . All of it is such boring computerized dross that it is n't even funny . After the Airplane segment is over you 'll realize you 're mistake and sell this to the used CD store and buy `` The Worst of Jefferson Airplane '' or `` White Rabbit and Other Hits '' . Compared to other two disc sets just released like The Who 's `` Ultimate Collection '' , The Stones ' `` 40 Licks '' , or Hendrix ' `` Voodoo Child '' , this is the worst . So save your money and go eat at a resturant instead .
 This would be a great album if they stuck to the 12 best songs -LRB- White Rabbit , Somebody , etc. -RRB- . Instead , we get two cds chock full of rubbish . Face it , this band 's post-1970 recordings were irrelevant -LRB- if you do n't think so , just listen to We Built This City -RRB- . Save your money ! Get Volunteers and Bless It 's Pointed Little Head .
 Sorry I do n't believe in rounding up for the `` offical '' rating . Anyway , there are LOTS of good songs here , but unfortunately , there are LOTS of bad songs as well ... probably about 2/3 of the songs are n't too great , but the ones that are good more than make up for the bad songs ! The good songs are GREAT !
 No collection of Rossini Overtures is complete without the William Tell , therefore , this set is highly flawed immediately . To be fair , the Plovdiv Philharmonic Orchestra is not the worst to appear under the DELTA/LASERLIGHT banner , but they 're not all that inspiring , either.Two stars ONLY because it 's Rossini . Not for the discerning listener .
 We were getting geared up for the Winwood - Clapton tour last year and thought it would be nice to check Traffic out live . I wish I would have saved the money as this was just terrible in every aspect - poor audio , poor video and a completely un-inspired and low on talent -LRB- at the time -RRB- Steve Winwood . Catch him later on as he actually could play additional riffs on his keyboard . this was embarrasing for anyone who thinks they remember Traffic , minus Dave Mason , who WAS the heart of that band . Sorry , Jim Capaldi .
 I would have loved to have viewed Traffic , Live at Santa Monica , but unfortunately , I opened the Traffic DVD case only to find that someone had substituted some absolutely awful Hair band by the name of Cinderella . This is the second time this has happened in the past 12 months . I have only had this trouble with Amazon music DVD 's . Both times were Amazon direct purchases . This is the second strike . Good luck . I still have high hopes of seeing Traffic , 1972 vintage .
 I 'm adding my two-cents here just because the other reviewers are too generous . While it 's hard to hate the Ellington band , especially during the period of 1957-59 , when it was stuffed with talented soloists and Duke was clearly feeling inspired , this album of charts put together solely to evoke excitement among big , unsophisticated festival crowds comes across as just that
 This album makes no sense at all . The lyrics is all about cristal , get my mack on , and leaving the whole block wetto -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . This album is not for the average hip hop head . By the way , who in the world would go so far in wearing a mink -LRB- the mink is tighter than a chickenhead with a bubble northface -RRB- with a baseball cap and sneakers .
 The project was doomed from the start.Uriah Heep was dumped by its record label after poor sales from Head First , so 1985 marked a new beginning with a new record deal and the release on March 29 of this 16th studio album . But the return of bassist Trevor Bolder - with Peter Goalby -LRB- v -RRB- , Mick Box -LRB- g -RRB- , John Sinclair -LRB- k -RRB- and Lee Kerslake -LRB- d -RRB- - did nothing to bolster the 10 tracks that clock in at 46:54 . The stab at an AOR style in the arena of Def Leppard and Journey just does n't work well . There is no heart and soul in the biggest attempt at angling for the single 's chart - Rockarama - while Bad Blood , Poor Little Rich Girl and Skools Burnin ' each run out of gas before the key slides into the ignition . The best out if the mediocre bunch - Night of the Wolf - is the final cut.Whether or not the band was calling the shots - I tend to think its the latter due to the new contract - this is the weakest studio album in the discography . And that the CD does not contain any bonus tracks , as compared with other studio releases , is a tip-off that interest should only be generated from fans eying to fill in the gaps in their UH collection .
 I have to start off by saying that I 'm a * huge * Heep fan ; I have pretty much everything they 've done from 1970 to the present -LRB- and I think the current line-up is the best since the `` Demons and Wizards '' era -RRB- . That said , this album is absolutely awful
 I hate to disagree with the two fellows who posted their certainly posative reviews here regarding my favorite band , Uriah Heep 's 1985 album , but I just could n't enjoy it as much as they did -LRB- and I waited nearly three weeks to receive my copy , simply because Amazon.com had trouble tracking one down for me . I appreciate their effort and as a completist I AM glad to have this CD in my collection , but ... they really SHOULD have tried harder on any other CD but this one . It really is forgettable , save for the absolutely fantastic `` Night of the Wolf '' -LRB- the only real reason for buying this CD -RRB- , and the highly enjoyable `` Rockarama '' , which is just a heck of a lot of fun to listen to . Unfortunately , the song `` Party Time '' is for me absolutely CRINGE-INDUCING ... I honestly wonder what Mick and the boys were thinking when they recorded that ? I hate to say anything bad about these guys , but ... No more , please , no more.After saying that , I WILL mention that it 's great to hear the fantastic Trevor Bolder back as the band 's bass player ... he was certainly missed -LRB- no offense to Bob Daisley , who was great himself on the two albums he did as a member of Heep ... I 've just had a special fondness for Trevor , after hearing him do his stuff on `` Who Needs Me '' from Uriah Heep 's 1977 album , `` Firefly '' . There , his bass has to be heard to be believed ! -RRB- All in all , this is the one Uriah Heep CD that you can afford to miss ... especially now that they 've raised the price to a whopping -LSB- item price -RSB- -LRB- which they did RIGHT after I received my own copy ... There are better CDs to spend that much money on , believe me , unless of course you have every Heep album in existance except for this one .
 Uriah Heep `` Equator '' DNC -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . On their 16th studio album `` Equator '' , Trevor Bolder rejoined the band on bass . Their sound was now totally pop-metal . This album had no re-makes , all originals . `` Rockarama '' , is a shout out number , which I got tired of fast . `` Night Of The Wolf '' , was pretty good . Quite a come down after the hard hitting `` Abominog '' , a few years before . This would be my last album by Uriah Heep until 2008 's `` Wake The Sleeper '' . I missed `` Raging Silence '' , `` Different World '' , `` Sea Of Light '' and `` Sonic Origami '' .
 Steel band music that uses electronic instruments rather than actual steel drums is pretty dreadful - the two Caribbean Orchestra tracks here prove that without question . Frankly , this whole collection is the sort of noise that can drive listeners coco-nuts . Island-style stinkeroo.Two bananas down .
 BEFORE I BEGIN , I NEED TO MENTION THAT I AM A HUGE UFO FAN - OK , WITH THAT SAID , I 'LL TRY TO BE NICE ABOUT MY RATING OF THIS CD - SIMPLY PUT , THIS CD STINKS , AND HAVING THE LETTERS U.F.O. ON THE FRONT COVER MAKES ME EVEN SICKER - I HAVE FOLLOWED THIS GROUP FOR YEARS AND HAVE EVERY SINGLE ALBUM THEY EVER PUT OUT - EXCEPT THIS ONE WHICH I SOLD TO A CD TRADE STORE FOR TWO DOLLARS - I WO N'T ALLOW A CD LIKE THIS TO BE IN MY COLLECTION - I WAS DISAPPOINTED WITH HOW BORING THIS WAS AND HOW EVERY SONG SOUNDED THE SAME - IT 'S NOT UFO , AND DO N'T LET ANYONE TRY TO TELL YOU THAT - I LOVE THE SCHENKER ERA UFO AND MUCH OF THE LATER STUFF , BUT THIS CD WAS A MISTAKE - I HAVE FRIENDS WHO ARE SCORPIONS , UFO AND MSG FANS WHO FEEL THE SAME WAY , SO IT 'S NOT MY IMAGINATION RUNNING WILD - I LISTENED TO IT A FEW TIMES THINKING IT WOULD GROW ON ME , AND IT PUT ME TO SLEEP - I HIGHLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS CD UNLESS YOU DO N'T LIKE UFO - THEN THIS CD MIGHT BE WORTH MORE TO YOU .
 I was really excited about this CD because I love UFO , and I also love Thin Lizzy . Now , after Thin Lizzy 's implosion , Grand Slamm emerged with Phil Lynott -LRB- RIP -RRB- and Laurence Archer . This band had some promise , yet never truly recorded . Fast forward about 10 years and Lawrence Archer is now UFO 's guitarist ! However the album is WEAK ! Save your money and buy something else . This is pop , not rock , and not metal . This really can not be called UFO as it truly is a UFO tribute band in my estimation . It is hard to criticize the boys , but at any rate KEEP ON ROCKIN ' !
 ... Because there is no half-star on this rating system . I 've known this band for more than 20 years -- since young Michael Schenker from Scorpions joined . There 've been a lot of ups and downs with this band and members . But this is the worst ever . Phil 's voice is intolerable and the band simply do not play their instruments . This is a total disaster for UFO fans . It 's UFObia !
 You bye it because you think it 's varios Reggaetoneros and it 's just females dancing . It went straight to the garbage did not want to spend money on postage again .
 This CD did not feature the Ten Tenors as I expected it to . It featured great tenors of our time , but was not what I wanted .
 The sound quality is worse than an old , scratched vinyl record . Music is boring and old . Extremely disappointing .
 This was a half cracked attempt at cashing in on his self depricating celebrity . Mel Tillis is still the king of stuttering musicians !
 For the most part , this two-disc compilation is filled with dreck . You know , female vocals that would 've made you cringe even back in the 90 's , and EXTREMELY cheesy covers -LRB- such as The Eurythmics ' `` Sweet Dreams '' and Freur 's `` Doot Doot . '' -RRB- The 3 or 4 good songs in here can be found elsewhere . If you want good trance , look for any of The Thrillseekers ' `` Nightmusic '' albums , or Above & Beyond 's `` Anjunabeats '' series , or any of DJ Tiesto 's `` Searching For Sunrise '' compilations , just to name a few . They are far and away better than this TranceMixed drivel .
 My vendor never sent it to me so I have no idea whether the cd is good or not : -LRB-
 this cd is really bad !!!!! nothing compared to reverance their frist cd . The only song worth listening to is tak the long way home but buy the maxi singel do n't waste your money on this cd its horrible and I am disappointed that Faithless even put a cd out like that after the smash hit INSOMNIA . DJHike
 It 's Whitey Ford Sings the Blues without Whitey ! It 's lame , it 's whiney , it 's insipid . Please stop .
 This album makes no sense at all . The lyrics is all about cristal , get my mack on , and leaving the whole block wetto -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . This album is not for the average hip hop head . By the way , who in the world would go so far in wearing a mink -LRB- the mink is tighter than a chickenhead with a bubble northface -RRB- with a baseball cap and sneakers .
 I placed an order for Hi-5 , Vol . 1 - Color Craze . The dvd in box is false advertising , possible fraud dvd . The dvd box claims it contains 3 episodes , total running time 1 hour plus bonus features . The item I received does not contain any of the above items . My disc contained one episode with no menu options or closing credits . This disc might be a fraud copy . The color was very poor .
 Unfortunately I purchased this album believing that it was performed by Burt Bacharach . And not . I suggest to advert more clearly to the customers of it , to avoid dissatisfaction .
 this jumbly wombly babble is not really music , more angry poetry set tothe copy-cat unimaginative `` same-old '' cadence of modern rap music whose main message is always violent and anti-beauty and art . I did want to listen to it because someone recommended it . . keep an open mind you know , but I think music really needs to get past this stage . It 's great as a musical experiment , but I 'm hoping society can move forward into thefuture with better genres than this . If everybody listens to this junk , then our prisons will end up filled by the brainwashed . -LRB- . . but that 's only my opinion , so please do n't come shoot me . -RRB- Have a nice day , .
 I just want to alert others that this is not `` easy listening . '' Jazzy , yes , but also a little grating if you 're expecting the smooth , golden tones that Boots can produce . It arrived with a different CD cover than is pictured here -- again , jazzier . It is recorded with the Tommy Newsom Jazztet .
 It is sad when a group of people lower the Gospel and cheapen worship of God in this fashion making it into an entertainment event . Just another huckster making money by blaspheming the Bible .
 I absolutely loved Clay Pigeons - I 've made anyone visiting watch it . That 's how much I love it . But the cd disappointed me because it left out some songs most importantly `` It 's Now or Never '' which was , in my opinion , played at a crucial point in the movie and at one of my favorite scenes . The scene was when Lester was in `` Vixon 's '' kitchen getting a beer & he eyed the butcher block on the counter . He then picked up the biggest knife , tipped his cowboy hat forward & that 's when the song played which was so cool . So why that song & others did n't make the soundtrack is beyond me but nevertheless , disappointing . - LJ
 Fernandez ca n't sing at all , and she takes no liberties at all with the melodies , singing tem straigt as a doornail!B - O-R-I-N-G
 Wilhelmenia Fernandez ca n't sing , she makes Andy Williams sound like Caruso in comparison . Gee , stay the heck away from thsi disaster , a horrible cd , too bad Wilhelmenia Fernandez is tone deaf and ca n't keep a tempo , she does n't communicate to her audience and has no charisma . BAD cd , really lame !!!
 I love my music chilled , but this put me to sleep . Its boring and old fashioned and sounds like everything else you have in your music library , been there done that ... . do n't bother . Disappointed .
 This is n't the best recording of the Brandenburg Concerti available . The performance is plodding , overly technical , deficient in energy , lacking a real sense of the `` ensemble '' a good Bach performance needs , not as graceful and uplifting as the music demands . Background `` clicks '' can also be heard occasionally . The `` bonus '' piece , the Concerto for Harpsichord , Strings and Continuo in D major at the end of the disc , comes on too forcefully with the downbeats -- a bit like the opening chords of The Who 's `` Tommy '' -- and the harpsichord is too dominant throughout the piece . Brandenburg Concerto No. 3 is given the best treatment , and the Berlin Chamber Orchestra is to be commended for including the full-length Adagio Cadenza as the second movement , which can be rarely found . But do n't be swayed by this disc 's low price . Invest in the best !
 To be the son of Richard Wagner is no simple matter . Undaunted by his heritage , Siegfried Wagner managed to compose more operas than his father , most of them rarely performed and almost totally forgotten . Der Kobold -LRB- The Goblins -RRB- is the first opera of Siegfried Wagner available in DVD , although other titles are available in CD format.The subject matter , murder of new born babies , is extremely difficult to swallow . After watching the opera , I wandered what redemptive value - if any - it offered . Add to this the totally unremarkable music performed by a second rate opera company , and you can understand why Siegfried Wagner operas are doomed to be forgotten as soon as they are performed.Siegfried Wagner seems to be obsessed by the dark topic of baby murderers.He has another opera , Schwarzschwanenreich -LRB- The Kingdom of the Black Swan -RRB- , that is also centered on the same topic . I wonder if a psychiatric study of Siegfried Wagner would be warranted . The main interest of such a study would be to shed more light on his father , who died when Siegfried was only six years old .
 This is NOT a Compact Disc
 Rockin Bones
 The item never arrived . When Amazon.com was informed of this , I was sent an email with an apology and a complete refund of the purchase price . This was not the first time that Amazon stood behind its service and bailed out an irresponsible merchant . I never have any qualms ordering from Amazon.com .
 a kind of mixt of different styles ... The tile shows just one song by Rubinstein ... others are in a different style.Not the best CD.Martin
 I loved the idea of this album ... until I actually listened to it . Most of the tracks sound like aimless noodling , especially the original material -LRB- the `` introductions '' to several songs -RRB- . On the few tracks that are well-suited to a brass band , such as `` When I 'm 64 '' , the results are n't bad , though . If only Canadian Brass had chosen to cover more appropriate songs -- `` Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite '' , perhaps , `` Because '' , or even `` Only a Northern Song '' -- they might really have had something .
 I believe that this CD is of low quality ; Do n't WASTE your money . Get another CD , like Canadian Brass Super Hits . Trust me , this CD is boring , and it some of the songs sound have no tune . It 's just sounds . Believe me , this is the worst of the CB .
 This is one peculiar album.Darkest lowlight here has to be ALL of the Porgy & Bess selections -- every one of these is marred by a crummy electronic rhythm machine . `` It Ai n't Necessarily So '' has been given an absurd samba beat ! All of these elevator music tracks are bookended by adequately rendered orchestral versions of `` Rhapsody In Blue '' and `` An American In Paris . `` Call this
 I loved the idea of this album ... until I actually listened to it . Most of the tracks sound like aimless noodling , especially the original material -LRB- the `` introductions '' to several songs -RRB- . On the few tracks that are well-suited to a brass band , such as `` When I 'm 64 '' , the results are n't bad , though . If only Canadian Brass had chosen to cover more appropriate songs -- `` Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite '' , perhaps , `` Because '' , or even `` Only a Northern Song '' -- they might really have had something .
 I believe that this CD is of low quality ; Do n't WASTE your money . Get another CD , like Canadian Brass Super Hits . Trust me , this CD is boring , and it some of the songs sound have no tune . It 's just sounds . Believe me , this is the worst of the CB .
 The dances are well done , but the serenade is sluggish . Sound quality is good .
 Claudia Leitte is really quiut , but her music totally sucks ... I mean , the songs are all exactly the same with different lyrics ... and the lyrics are ridiculous ... even a 11 year girl can write better lyrics ... this is the kind of plague that destroyed many young brains in Bahia ... BEWARE ! Stay far away from this stupidity , or it will melt your brain !!!!
 If I had to describe the music on this album with a color , it would be beige , as nothing on this CD will make you want to shut off the stereo , but nothing will really make you want to crank it up either . Regardless of the tracklisting -LRB- which , by the way , does NOT match the tracks on the album -RRB- this album has a HUGE problem in that whoever mastered the first disc seems to have the balance set all the way to the left . Listening to the first disc with headphones is not an option . If you are thinking about buying this album go listen to first and then buy it used because it 's not worth paying full price for a first disc that was mastered by some high-school intern .
 Recoreded improperly . Listen to it with headphones and you 'll hear that the levels are turned completely off on the right side . The music itself is great though . frustrating
 Sheez , I love Dave Seaman , but was I disappointed with this release . I do n't know about the rest of you , but I ca n't stand this minimalistic trend in dance music . `` Acappela '' versions of songs , which are used far too much on these dics , are the most boring mixes I 've ever heard . I always defend dance music against people who do n't get it and think it 's just a bunch of repetitive electronic noise , but then I listen to tracks like the acappella version of `` Passive Aggressive '' and have to agree with them -LRB- Have you heard the full Brothers in Rhythm version ? It is rich and it drives . This version sound like a broken record . -RRB- Taint just Seaman . Sasha and Digweed 's Communicate also headed down this minimalist path last year and bored me to tears . If I were you I 'd pick up either of Dave Seaman 's Global Underground mixes -LRB- Cape Town is the best mix I 've ever bought . Period . -RRB- if you want to hear some truly exciting and inspiring dance music . The closest you 'll get to that sound on these cd 's are the last few tracks on disc two . `` Love Like Sleep '' and `` Mindcircus '' are the only thing giving this collection a rating above one star ... -LRB- The fact that someone screwed up the track selections somewhere in the process did n't help , either ... The track numbers on my cd 's are n't even correct ! ... Thirteen trackslisted on my cd box , but only 11 listed in the player ! ... I 'm going to go take my meds now ... -RRB-
 This album disappointed me greatly , those cd 's has been in my player for about 2 months now , and still I dont get it . This mix simply did not touch my soul and feet . Save your money this cd sucks !
 I am noticing a disappointing trend in dance music . Many popular djs such as John Digweed , Sasha , Nick Warren , Tenaglia , and now Seaman have completely abandoned melody . Instead , they now spin minimalistic tracks that are , frankly , rather forgettable . I guess `` big '' tunes are not cool anymore . Well , that 's too bad since the overall quality of underground mix cds is quickly deteriorating . The best mixes are the ones that combine melodic and repetitive tracks . Remember Nick Warren 's Brazil , Dave Seaman 's GU mixes , Sasha and Digweed 's Expeditions , Oakenfold 's New York . Those were a perfect blend of many different styles of dance music . Nowadays , those same djs seem to be more concerned about repetition and a lot of it . Still , some are able to pull it off -LRB- Kleinenberg 's NuBreed , Digweed 's Hong Kong -RRB- . Seaman 's Desire , however , is just bad , especially considering how good his previous mixes were . The track selection is poor . it is as simple as that . You would think that a person who has access to the world 's best vinyl could come up with something better , much better .
 My review is not about the musical content of the CD , but rather the mastering quality of disc 1 . Normally , mastering is one of the final processes before a CD is duplicated , and it ensures the CD is of uniform high quality . Ultra Records apparently forgot this step when they pressed disc 1 , because the left channel is twice as loud as the right channel -LRB- +6 dB -RRB- for the entire disc ! This greatly reduces the enjoyment of the listening experience .
 This review will not endear me to the fans of Blue Cheer , I know - but I would like to enter a different perspective on this record . I 've had it -LRB- in lp format -RRB- for a long time , but never really liked it much . The recording itself is not well produced -LRB- it sounds rather muddy -RRB- and I do n't think the playing itself is that great to start with . A famous song like `` Summertime blues '' is , while competently performed , not in any way revolutionary or remarkable , and Blue Cheer 's own songs are n't really memorable either
 I bought this cd thinking I remembered just how hot the band was , and how they were the progenitors of something that has since evolved into a wide genre of hard , loud , faster-than ; I guess that all the drugs I did really colored my perspective . I was hard-pressed to find ANYTHING that really spoke to me on this disc . For those fans who ca n't imagine what I 'm babbling about , sorry , no offense . Just keep doing what yer doing . I know that I really dug INSIDE/OUTSIDE , so I guess my next move is to dig out the stereo and lp and see if that sentiment still holds true .
 blue cheer was great / loud / psychedelic distortion / a real treat for acid heads and rebels of the time / mind blowing racks of marshals stacked 15 feet high and 30 feet wide / unfortunately the sound quality on this cd is so bad you can not experience a fraction of the experience of their music by listening to this cd / do not buy this cd / it 's just terrible sound with the vocals all up front loaded without the signature sound of the guitars / very bad / this cd needs to be remastered / do n't waste your time or money
 This is nothing but `` new age '' `` smooth jazz '' pap with some creepy vocals thrown in that sound like people having sex . Only the really needy shallow uninitiated desperate nonseeker would subject themselves to this insult .
 Jon Oliva has publicly dissed this album , admitting how difficult a process it was to make . It certainly does n't sound like anybody had fun or that there was any sense of mission here . Another somewhat bodgy concept upon which to hang another bunch of sub standard Sava tunes and no real reason to exist . Prominent faults with this release can be summarised as follows ; - the above mentioned sub standard concept/story for this album - middling songs , all again produced to Paul O'Neill . There just are n't the songs here . Commissar tries and I Seek Power rises above the murk but the whole feel of the album is encapsulated by the cover art ; dank and heavy of eyelid with an unfinished feel . In a way it feels like a piece of impressionist art - like a third rate metal band trying to write a Savatage album . - The lack of a band feeling ; it 's sort of like a Jon Oliva solo album in that while we still get the joy of having Caffery , Middleton and Plate in the band there just is n't a guitar god to throw in some licks to add bite . Al Pitrelli is on here but not enough to really stamp himself onto the finished product.Long time fans such as myself will find a few things here of worth . But no way would I recommend this album to the newcomer to this band . Nor to anyone I wanted to convert to the cause of heavy music . It still rates two stars though . Hey , it 's Savatage ... . Whaddya want ?
 i may be biased towards Dead and Wake , but after picking up this CD , i could n't compare it to any other album they have produced . It just did n't have anything I wanted to hear and the compositions seemed lifeless and uninspired.i swear i could hit the random button on my cd player and each time hear the album and still get the confusion i got with the first run through . I could not tell how the songs related to the story no matter what order . pathetic , guys.it is nice to go back to the heavier roots - i encourage it - just do a better job .
 I 'm not sure what happened , but somehow Savatage fans were fooled into thinking that Zak Stevens was some sort of temporary rest for Jon Oliva , so that the man could return to greatness.Unfortunately , Jon was never the greatest singer . I believe he could convey emotion as well as just about anyone , and this alone made him worth listening to . I also think he has one of the most abrasive and unappealing voices I have ever heard . It seems to me that he is much less abrasive these days , but now I hear no emotion , the one thing that always put him ahead . On the last two albums , Zak definitely pulled ahead in terms of power and ability , making him my choice.Now , I have yet to mention music , which is not really its saving grace . As all the interesting classical and operatic influences from the past albums have been switched over to Trans-Siberian Orchestra -LRB- Jon has said as much himself -RRB- , this album does n't have much direction . The band really makes no effort to regain the heavy metal crown it had in 1987 , instead trying to make a rock album with some progressive stylings . The melodies are decent at times , but the vocal melodies are almost nonexistent.I think that this new singer will probably bring this band back , and Jon can once again be the musical mastermind that he usually has been , and Trans-Siberian Orchestra 's great work show that this band is still viable . But this album is hardly the one that should be representing this band .
 Wow . I thought Savatage could only get better with the wake of magellan . There are some good night songs -LRB- like Drive and Morphine Child -RRB- but most of it sounds like leftovers from Streets . Where 's the loud night booming choruses ? Zak was good , and I 'm glad that Jon 's back in the band , but this is no excuse from a great band . Please , no more concept albums . You already have 4 !
 The denile stage is over for me . I am rather a fan of Savatage , and I must say this is pretty dissapointing . There are nice spots but for the most part this sounds , to me , predictable and tired . None of the songs strike me as their best . `` Morphine Child '' stands shoulders about the rest , but even the layered harmonies in the middle seem stale . Better luck next time .
 Best song on this album
 This is total pop music . The guitar work blatently tries to imitate the style of Savatage co-founder Criss Oliva , but it comes off as just that
 I think they 're voices are wonderful , but the songs need some more work on them , do n't you think ? They need something different to work with . If I was around , maybe they 'd really accomplish something .
 This CD is no good . They ca n't sing ! Their voices are annoying . I only heard this 'cause my little cousin has it . I have to leave the room whnever she plays it . My cousin also has a Barbie tape . Even that sounds better then them ! Buy that instead .
 i bought my copy used for $ 12 . it claims to be MANUFACTURED AND DISTRIBUTED BY MCA VICTOR , INC. . JAPAN . my version sounds like it was was taken from an lp production tape.i 'm comparing these tracks to `` look what i did '' . what fixed it for my ears was a eq 'd dub.+6db@64hz/ -4 db@125hz/ -1 db @ both 2k & 4k / +1 db@8k/ and +7 db@16k, all others flat . i know this sounds silly but it made a BIG DIFFERENCE ! as for the album itself i play it over and over . there 's something special about this album . before i bought the cd , i was listening to an old NOISY lp dubbed to cd and it had the same effect on me . what i 'm looking forward to next is purchasing joe 's earlier material . ca n't wait !
 Absolutely the worst sound quality I 've heard for several years on a CDTape hiss and lousy soundstaging . Do not buy this disc . I did and immediately sent it back !
 2/13/08 Updated review and new 5 star rating
 Yikes ! This Geffen edition from Japan utilizes the same horrible master as the one Hip-O Select issued last year in which they managed to use the wrong tapes to produce the CD . It is LOADED with tape hiss , so much so that I could not get through the entire disc before turning it off . I have been in touch with Hip-O 's parent company -LRB- Universal -RRB- and they acknowledged the mistake , saying that a vastly improved edition with the correct master tapes will soon be in stores , but after nearly a year it has yet to appear and when it does the consumer may not be able to distinguish between the two editions . It 's hard to understand a mistake like this not being caught before production . But it 's worse that a company would allow unsuspecting consumers to buy this garbage and not rectify the matter after all this time . Great music , bad business practice . I 'm keeping my vinyl !
 This is one of my favorite records , and I 've been trying for years to get it on CD . I have the original vinyl , but those Dunhill pressings were never much good . So , I was very happy to see that the record was reissued on CD . Unfortunately , there 's some tape hiss , but most distressing , track 3 , `` One and One '' has been edited to fade out with a long pause between it and the next tune `` Giant Bohemoth '' . On the original vinyl , these two tunes seque into each with no fadeout of any kind . The edit on the reissue totally disrupts the `` flow '' of the album . Very , very disappointing.UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE ****************** Apparently this reissue was initially released using a set of incorrectly marked master tapes . The reissuing company has now found the correct masters , have cut a new digital remaster and is now circulating the corrected issue of this record .
 Un disco que cansa despues de escucharlo un par de veces . Perdon por criticarlo tan severamente . Soy fanatico del rock en espa & ntilde ; ol . Los discos de Cerati siempre me han gustado . La letra , las imagenes , su voz . Todo . Pero este disco no me convenci&oacute; . Est&aacute; tan inclinado al pop que aburre . Espero que el pr&oacute;ximo disco tenga m&aacute;s colmillo .
 Cerati tuvo su mejor &eacute;poca a principios de los noventa , Dynamo y Sue & ntilde ; o Stereo con Soda y su trabajo solista Amor Amarillo , contienen sus mejores experimentos y estilos m&aacute;s logrados.Bocanada ya no me gust&oacute; , su disco sinf&oacute;nico me pareci&oacute; rid&iacute;culo , y este &uacute;ltimo , tiene buenas intenciones , muchos temas tienen cosas interesantes , empiezan bien , pero son arruinados por malas letras , malas melod&iacute;as , o simplemente se descarrilan despues del primer minuto.Si hubiera reducido los temas a 10 , y sacado tanto relleno mediocre quiz&aacute;s estar&iacute;a a la altura de las obras que me mencion&eacute; anteriormente y que pueden ser escuchadas de principio a fin .
 Fresh from the praise for , and plump from the income from , his 1983 record-breaking album `` Thriller '' , Michael Jackson 's Magnum Opus , his next big worry that would haunt him for years during the making , and $ 30 million in recording budget , that the followup album `` Bad '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- would not sell as many copies -LRB- 30 million at that time -RRB- as his previous release . Whereas it took MJ 4 years to write and record `` Bad '' - and it was not `` Thriller part II '' - it took Gustavo Cerati 6 years to write and record `` Siempre Es Hoy '' , and with mixed results . Of the 17 tracks offered in this CD , you can count on roughly 4 or 5 decent songs , with the rest of them being propped up electronica mixes of not really good tunes , and even worse lyrics - and that is saying a lot , considering Gustavo Cerati 's lyrics are all about nothing at all . The remaining 12 or 13 tracks are essentially `` Soda Stereo '' chord changes and rejected songs , with an electronica makeover . Thanks to the miracle of Studio Electronics Audio Processing 101 , even the lamest compositions are made to shine just enough to convince a first time listener to buy the deed . This is the last electronic album GC had released . The next two albums show a return to overamplified guitars , reminiscent of `` Dynamo '' ; but with less developed or interesting tracks . Good for 4 or 5 songs , if the price is right , gamble a couple of bucks and get it . Mostly for completists , as youc an get the good songs from this album in a greatest hits compilation . And if there isn ; t one now that convers this album , there soon will be as Mr. Cerati has entered his second year in a coma due to a brain vessel that burst , most likely due to his heavy smoking -LRB- 2 packs \ day -RRB- for the past 20 + years . Wait for the hit copilation instead of buying this one , unless the price is right .
 De todo lo que hizo Cerati en su carrera esto es lo peor . Solo Cosas Imposibles tiene algo de coherencia , el resto del disco es fallido intento de estar a la supuesta &uacute;ltima moda -LRB- electr&oacute;nica -RRB- , lleno de mal gusto y de pretensi&oacute;n . Los temas arrancan de forma atractiva para despues deshacerse en una nada , que lleva al todo por debajo de la mediocridad.En los early 90 's Cerati tuvo un momento de brillantez que se apag&oacute; ya hace tiempo .
 Except for the first 2 or 3 songs , the rest is pure uninspired trash , trying to be trendy in terms of sounds , but totally empty musically.Cerati was good up to and before the split with Soda . Instead of this buy his first solo album , Amor Amarillo , it 's inspired and original .
 I only know of this guy because he worked with Shakira so I decided to look him up . This album is as bad as Oral Fixation Two !
 I am SO TIRED of the `` Now . . '' CDs I could scream . Outside of Independant Women , there is not one thing on here I would willingly listen to . `` Stronger '' is not music , ATC belongs back in Sweden or where ever the heck they 're from , and Lenny Krvitz has been washed up for years . If they 're honestly going to continue `` Now '' they need to have separate categories `` Now . . Rap '' `` Now ... Pop '' `` Now . . Rock/Alternative , '' etc. . When NOW ... 3,000,000 comes out -LRB- Probably next month , -RRB- I 'm going throwing my CD player out .
 I know that they try to please everyone with these compilation CDs , but why did they have to include ` It was n't Me ' , which is totally inappropriate for pre-teens who often buy Now CDs . Needless to say I will not be buying this for my nine year old as I originally planned to do .
 I am so sick and tired of people who know NOTHING about music buying these dumb pop compilation cds and then trashing the 1 or 2 songs that are worth anything at all on the cd . a little advice to anyone who 's considering buying this cd : go out and pick up a led zeppelin , red hot chili peppers or pearl jam cd instead . they 'll atleast be worth the money .
 I 've had this ablum since summer ' 01 , and and do n't recommend buying this cd . The songs are ok , but , they get old after a while . You do n't hear anything that is worth purchasing . However , If you do n't want to buy the full ablums of some of the artists than you probably should get it .
 First up , the only reason I gave it a 2 is because it actually has some good songs near the end . Secondly what an insult to bands like U2 , Coldplay and Fuel who have been put on the same cd as Britney Spears , ATC and N'Sync . Unlike the others they can sell their own albums and do n't need to be put on a teeny-bopper cd to be heard . Plus they actually write their own music and are n't one hit wonders.I have no respect for the other `` products '' and they should be on a totally seperate cd .
 OMG , this is one of the most poppiest CD 's that I have heard in years.I ` am going to use my rating system , with 0 being the worst and 5 being the best .1 -RRB- Britney Spears with `` Stronger '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- I really do n't think that I need to comment on this one .2 -RRB- Samantha Mumba with `` Got ta Tell You '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- - no comment needed on this one either .3 -RRB- NSYNC with `` Bye , Bye , Bye '' - -LRB- 0 out of 5 -RRB- P.U.What 's that horrible smell?Oh , it 's this NSYNC song4 -RRB- ATC with `` Around the World '' - -LRB- -10 / 5 -RRB- OMG !!!!! THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST SONGS I HAVE EVER HEARD !!!!!!! 5 -RRB- J.Lo with `` Love Do n't Cost A Thing '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- She seriously ca n't sing .6 -RRB- Destiny 's Child with `` Independent Women '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- Slop7 -RRB- Shaggy with `` It Was n't Me '' - -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- Was an OK song , until they wore it out.But it is still hilarious to hear Shaggy sing though .8 -RRB- 3LW with `` No More '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- So terrible and their singing is one of the most headache inducing things I have ever heard .9 -RRB- KCI and JoJo with `` Crazy '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- Slow R&B ; waste of space .10 -RRB- R.Kelly with `` I Wish '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- Im gon na just skip this one11 -RRB- BSB with `` Shape of My Heart '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- No comment needed12 -RRB- Evan & Jaron with `` Crazy For This Girl '' - -LRB- 0/5 -RRB- I hate this song .13 -RRB- Coldplay with `` Yellow '' - -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- my friends love this song for some reason.I really did n't like this song .14 -RRB- Lenny Kravitz with `` Again '' - -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- I hope I never hear this song `` Again '' .15 -RRB- Fuel with `` In My Hands - -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- FINALLY !!! It 's about time they had a good song on this CD.I would have given this song 5 , but I just heard so much that I almost could n't stand it.But 4 is still good .16 -RRB- Creed with `` With Arms Wide Open '' - -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- I just hate how Creed rips off Pearl Jam17 -RRB- Incubus with `` Drive '' - -LRB- 3/5 -RRB- Another good song that fell victim to constant radio play18 -RRB- U2 with `` Beautiful Day '' - -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- I 'm not really a U2 fan , so I did n't really like this song .19 -RRB- Evereclear with `` AM Radio '' -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- another song I do n't care for.So there you have it.This CD is horrible.Save your money.Peace Out
 THIS STINKS ! I `` LL GO BUY THE NEW REM CD REVEAL , THANKS !
 Actually there are two songs on this CD that do n't activate my gag reflex
 First up , the only reason I gave it a 2 is because it actually has some good songs near the end . Secondly what an insult to bands like U2 , Coldplay and Fuel who have been put on the same cd as Britney Spears , ATC and N'Sync . Unlike the others they can sell their own albums and do n't need to be put on a teeny-bopper cd to be heard . Plus they actually write their own music and are n't one hit wonders.I have no respect for the other `` products '' and they should be on a totally seperate cd .
 This is a good example of what will become of the world if we wo n't do anything about . Britney Spears , Nsync , Backstreet Boys ?! Overproduced , overrated teeny-boppers are invading us . Sure some people say they look `` hot '' , but to me , at least , it wo n't cover there talentless bodies . Britney Spears came out with a pepsi commericial . Oh , how I 'd love to see her hair catch on fire just like Michael Jackson 's did when he did his commercial . Britney Spears is trying to be all these legends of pop/rock music , -LRB- Jacko , Janet , Madonna , Stones , etc , -RRB- and it drives me crazy since I love Miss Jackson , and Miss Spears should n't get credit for doing her dance moves . The only good song is Independent Women I , and I wo n't increase my rating with that , because I have that single myself . `` It was n't me '' was good , but I heard it so much I got sick of it . Shaggy now has `` Angel '' released , which proves how outdated this cd is . If I were you , spend your money on real pop , like the legends I listed above .
 its the good stuff that they put on the same disc that is really insulted !!! Anyone who likes Bacstreet Boys or Britney Spears and such needs their head checked - theyre just the dancers for bands that just cover another one that never released anything . The worst thing is that they put U2 and Incubus on the same one !!! I 'm not even really a fan of Creed , Everclear , Fuel , or Coldplay , but at least they write their own songs and play their own instruments . And rock musicians tend to strive for the ALBUM as their medium , instead of the single . You could keep flipping through that NSYNC cd for that one song that you like , or you could buy Radiohead , which released no singles off of Kid A , but it ended up being one of the greatest records ever recorded . Also , maufactured pop is full of hooks that makes you like it maybe the first few times , but then it gets so damn irritating !!! With a lot of the stuff I listen to it takes a while to get into it , but it is soooo worth it.The saving grace that keeps me from proclaiming 0 Stars from the review title is the fact that people might buy it for the -LRB- ... -RRB- , and then get hooked on Incubus and U2 and start listening to them.Finally , some advice to get you out of your musical rut . Pick up some Beatles or Weezer if you like really upbeat happy songs ; get Pink Floyd or Radiohead if you need something to zone out to ; Tool , Rage Against the Machine , Bob Dylan , or Public Enemy if you want really intelligent lyrics ; Dead Kennedys or Black Flag if you want rebellion music ; Black Sabbath or Iron Maiden if you want metal ; and finally some albums to sit in a corner and cry to . Nirvana -LRB- In Utero -RRB- , Pink Floyd -LRB- Wish You Were Here -RRB- , Alice in Chains -LRB- Dirt -RRB- , or REM -LRB- Automatic for the People -RRB- And last -LRB- not least -RRB- , if you liked the U2 or Incubus songs , buy All That You Cant Leave Behind or Make Yourself !!!
 This is not a performance DVD , nor would I call it a documentary . It seems to be a PR promotional film and as such it goes on much too long . After watching this film one will have little insight into who Evgeny Kissin is , how he approaches his music or anything else about him except that he was a child prodigy and plays lots of concerts . There are excerpts from his 1997 Promenade concert at Royal Albert Hall but much too much time is spent watching Mr. Kissen walk off the stage , walk back onto the stage and audience close ups of overweight men wearing what look like tee shirts standing and applauding . The narrator could also use a bit better dialogue than the equivalent of `` is n't he wonderful , the audience loves him '' over and over . Save your money and 100 plus minutes of your time . If you want to know about Mr. Kissen go to Wikipedia . If you want to hear Mr. Kissen play buy a DVD of one of his performances or one of his many CDs . This review is not to disparage his playing or his talents as a performer , but rather what is being passed off as a documentary . If this is typical of a `` Christopher Nupen film '' , I have little incentive to watch another one .
 So , so , piano is to brilliant , Kissin rushes all the time , therae are incomplete works like Libestraum , color not that good sound too brilliant , there are better piano videos such as Bunun , Perahia an of course Horowitz not very recommended
 I visited a concert with mr Kissin in Stockholm a few years ago . I could barely stay awake . I then realized that popularity has nothing to do with emotionall strenght or depth , only with the superficial that stupid people are able to feel . The crowd gave their applause because of his trancendental fingermovements , and they clapped their hands because of his reputation . When the concert was over , a man shouted `` Bravvoooo '' just because he wanted to be the fist one to celebrate the star , and the herd followed him . The old lady beside me that had slept during the hall consert instantly flew up and shouted , because she obviously wanted to take part in something that was regarded as hip within the `` cultural elite '' . This movie is pretty much an exampel of that . It 's a circus and has nothing to do with the possibilities of the classical music .
 As others have mentioned , the interview is absolutely senselessly horrible . With such bad questions , it 's a wonder Kissin was even able to come up with something to say . As a documentary , this thing is n't even worth watching!Kissin is well over-rated as a pianist . Oh , he has a certain level of virtuosity which is difficult to obtain -LRB- I play a little myself -RRB- but I was actually very very disappointed by his playing . After watching pianists like Lang Lang -LRB- Live at Carnegie Hall -RRB- and Yundi Ll , Kissin actually pales in comparison at a similar age . I do n't even want to compare him to someone like Horowitz or Rubinstein , since they are in a different league all together . His Chopin is worth a look , but of course the footage detracts from his performance . I bought the DVD to see Kissin 's technique and to get a sense of his performance . Yet through at least half of the film you either a -RRB- do n't see his hands , b -RRB- see his hands from far far away , or c -RRB- you get the quarter or half of the piece he 's playing cut off . For example , we only see the second half of Liszt 's `` Liebestraum '' and Chopin 's Nocturne -LRB- Op. 27 No. 2 -RRB- ! What 's the point?There is some good footage in there which is worth seeing if you , for some reason , are a fan of Kissin . He is by no means a bad pianist , but he is by no means a great one . Kissin 's attempt at `` La Campanella '' is absolutely nothing in comparison to Li . Kissin can play the notes , but he does n't give one a sense of the amazing virtuosity of Liszt like Li seems to . I also saw a clip of Kissin playing a Scriabin Etude -LRB- Op. 8 No. 12 -RRB- which is not on this DVD . As an example , it does n't leave much open for interpretation , but after hearing Horowitz play it , Kissin really is just banging his hands on the piano . On this DVD , you see a few similar attempts at virtuosity , which I have no other footage to compare to . In my opinion , all of those attempts failed -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . He can play the notes , yes . But his playing is quite hollow.I do n't see what all the fuss is about ... he has some good Chopin , but if you 're just looking for some good performance footage like I am , this is not the place to find it .
 It 's a shame that this album did n't standup to the prior song collections from Warren . There are only a handful of tunes that in my eyes that even make the cut . - Good rendition of `` Knockin on Heavens Door '' . That 's about it.Much like the quality of Johnny Cash 's last projects . . I rather remember Warren for songs like `` play it all night long '' or `` excitable boy ''
 This album is horrible . I have to laugh at some of the comments about it ... almost all of the album could have been written by a 16 year old ' 70 's high school head ... and just what we needed ... another `` Knockin ' On Heaven 's Door '' remake ... nuts . Dirty Life & Times & Keep Me in Your Heart are great tunes ... every else is garbage ... waste of money ... one reviewer even said this will go down as one of the finest albums ever made ... -LRB- only if its the only album you have ever heard -RRB-
 Perhaps it will grow on me over time but the one word Simpsonian title of this review pretty much sums it up . Sorry Warrren .
 I loved Warren Zevon 's work and had high hopes for his sad , last original album but this one just does n't cut it . Dirty Life & Times and Keep Me In Your Heart can be numbered among his best but the rest of the tracks are -- well -- lacking . I do note the exception of Knockin ' On Heaven 's Door -- which is well-sung and arranged but still offers nothing more than what Dylan or Clapton had already given it . The much anticipated Disorder In The House has more of a jam feeling to it rather than a finished track . Nothing wrong with a good jam session but you 'd like at least one of the singers to be on key . Rub Me Raw has a great blues arrangement but the lyrics are n't much . The rest of the cd is rather bland . You 'd do better to look for the good complilations available out there . Maybe wait until a new one comes out with the three good tracks included from this cd . I wish it had been better .
 As a long time Warren Zevon fan , I was devestated to hear the news of his terminal illness , but was not surprised at his reaction - to keep on recording the most unusual , witty , and unique music out there.This record just keeps getting better the more it is played , and I marvel at the creativity and quality of the songs considering the condition he was in.While overall it may not rank up there with his finest work , it is better than most people in their prime.We will miss you Warren .
 I have always thought that Daniel Barenboim has all along been overrated as a pianist , since the early 1970 's . True that he is a ` star ' pianist ; with all the associations with his former wife and all the stories ; but frankly , apart from that , he has never attained maestro status in the strict sense of the word . He has crossed over to conducting this last decade , and his performance at the keyboard rightfully and logically diminished even further in terms of luster and style.These Beethoven sonatas , whatever you might call it , is in no way satisfying in that they are rather graceless and glacial all in one.Graceless in that the pianist seems not to pay heed to the sonics but just concentrates on the pyro-techniques . Nowhere could you find a more ponderous sounding set of Beethoven sonatas
 Quite a disappointment . Barenboim 's Beethoven Piano Concertos are just extraordinary . The sonatas ... do not sound like Beethoven
 I have very mixed feelings about this DVD set . On one hand , the musical content of Beethoven 's piano sonatas played by Barenboim is a very wonderful expression of a magnificent set of works for the piano . However , the camera work and direction are so bad that I find myself frustrated when I try to watch the DVDs . My complaints are as follows :1 . There are more views of Barenboim 's face than his fingers . The director seems to want to make a DVD of the difficulty and struggle of Barenboim playing Beethoven rather than Barenboim playing Beethoven .2 . When the director shows Barenboim playing the piano , many of the views are either extreme close-ups so we get a detailed view of Barenboim 's fifth fingernail , or a bizarre view from below the keyboard with a nice view of Barenboim 's wrist .3 . The director -LRB- or editor -RRB- seems to have no feel for the music at all . During the most dramatic and difficult sections of the works , we suddenly cut away to a view from the RIGHT of the piano , where none of the finger work is visible.This poor film work is very frustrating considering the quality of the performance . I was especially disappointed since I loved the DVD of Barenboim playing Beethoven 's piano concertos , which is a much higher standard of film making.In summary , parts of these DVDs are wonderful , but overall the direction and editing ruins the overall experience .
 While there are a few highlights , most of this album is full of lowlights . Corny , hokey , lame , and just not really that good . I was disappointed .
 Summer , 1970 ... I was bassist in a San Antonio group at the time Blue Cheer -LRB- or what remained of them -RRB- staggered into town to do a Sunday gig at the Sunken Gardens ampitheater . We -LRB- groupname was Touchstone -RRB- were surprisingly on the bill , along with another San Antonio group -LRB- Homer -RRB- . About the only tune the -LRB- extremely `` smacked out '' -RRB- Bloo Cheer did that had any meat on it at all was `` Hello LA , Bye Bye Birmingham '' , following which Dickie P threw his axe on the stage floor -LRB- which was hard concrete -RRB- and slid sobbing into the wings.No Owsley Stanley `` They Turn the Air Around them Into Cottage Cheese '' . . No thumping `` Summertime Blues '' No Big Brother-esque hard edged LA Marshall amp with strangled vocals sound . Just the visible and physical result of sudden FAME and all the nasty stuff that came with it back then . The side effects of Hillbillies given a Blank Check to write on their own.I am sure , once they cleaned up their act and stepped into the Studio , their music would stand on it 's own , but this particular personnel lineup , this junkie performance at Sunken Gardens was a sad commentary on a band that had so much `` Vincebus Eruptum '' , hyped on them .
 This album gets 2 stars based on the simple fact that Amii Stewart 's `` Knock on Wood '' is n't on the soundtrack . Rediculous
 I was entirely unimpressed with this CD . I had eagerly purchased it after the many great reviews I read from American musical theater fans.The good things are the song `` The Bells of Notre Dame '' -LRB- or `` Die Glocken Notre Dames '' -RRB- and the choir-singing-a-requiem parts -- the ONLY really good pieces of music . The rest -- Hoch Uber Der Welt , Weil du Liebst , etc , just do n't go with the good parts because they are much simpler , pop songs , often childish and annoying . I guess this is not necessary to purchase if you already did n't like the Disney movie much . The other songs that are in the movie -- Out There , God Help the Outcasts , A Guy Like You , are all pretty forgettable -LRB- but I think I enjoyed them more in German because the lyrics in the movie were not exactly brilliant -RRB- . The worst thing by far on this recording are the voices -- a screaming Quasimodo , a weak-voiced Esmeralda , an obnoxious Clopin , and I do n't even want to mention the Gargoyles . The only performers who stand out as singers are Frollo and Phoebus . Very good voices . The rest is uneven and often rather bland making it to me , the worst ` Disney ' score after `` Aida -- The Musical '' .
 This is Johnny 's last album for Universal . Then he will record a blues album in the U.S. for his new record company , Warner . It 's an album he has been wanting to do for a long time but Universal would n't let him do it for commercial reasons . Johnny is the best-selling artist in France , each one of his albums sell at least one million copies . It 's a lot for France . No more than five albums a year sell more than one million copies.What makes me laugh about this new album is how Johnny has become mellow . He who sang in 1976 a song to Elvis , his idol , about how mellow Elvis had become , that 's his turn now , singing a christmas song to his adopted child , Jade . Johnny has turned into a French Paul Anka , just like Elvis turned into a Vegas crooner in the seventies . I do n't blame Elvis for what he did but Johnny blamed him thirty years ago and now he 's turned into what he criticized.I do n't particularly like Johnny but now I care even less about him . This new album is just muzak but maybe he will surprise me in 2006 with his blues album .
 I am a huge Buddy Guy fan and recently bought the CD . I was pretty much disappointed in it overall . The guitar tone and sound are not good . I would recommend buying ANY of his other works before this one , even if you 're a big fan . My personal favorites include
 I would not recommend this CD . I am a massage therapist and all my clients hate it !
 On the track See , My Love - Andreas Vollenweider , near the end of the track there is a very noticeable error in recording , sounds like a microphone drop , several times and is loud and destroys the quality of the recording.I have heard of scratches but not microphone drops ... maybe just my copymaybe not , otherwise the album was perfect . In addition the album cover correctly lists -LRB- spelling -RRB- the artists name , but on the cd as it shows the tracks on my pc , that track shows a mistyped name for this artist . Unusual ...
 This Alba disc , released in 2006 , contains choral works by four Finnish composers , with performances by the Tapiola Chamber Choir cond . Hannu Norjanen . In this review , I wish to comment only on Kaija Saariaho 's contribution , as the piece in question has so far appeared in commercial recording only here . `` Tag des Jahrs '' for choir and electronics -LRB- 2001 -RRB- is a setting of four poems by Friedrich Holderlin on the seasons of the year . The choral writing is reminiscent of the composer 's `` Oltra mar '' of two years before , while the electronic part features distorted voices reading the poems and is very similar to the electronic part of `` Lonh '' , written five years before . So , Saariaho is n't breaking any new ground with this work . The four movements also do n't feel very different at all , through you 'd expect a work based on the seasons to have a great deal of variety . I 'd say the work could be left to completists .
 This is a review of the sound quality only , and I am reviewing the 2004 remaster -LRB- mine 's from Polystar Jazz Library in Japan -RRB- . The sound quality here on some tracks is very bad . Tracks 3,6 , & 14 are definite ` Loudness War ' victim -LRB- google loudness war for more info -RRB- . Most tracks have limited dynamics , but on 3,6 , & 14 there is also clipping and a large amount of distortion . The sound really poor . Basically whoever remastered these three songs has ruined them . I mean this is a Jazz release of all things , why would anyone want to sacrifice sound quality for volume ? Do you know anyone who listens to Jazz that does n't value sound quality , even if only in a small way ? or does n't know how to operate their volume knob?I 'd recommend getting the old pre-2004 version on cd , that 's what I 'm going to do -LRB- through the Amazon resellers of course -RRB- . I 'll post a review of that disk once I get it .
 The only song that really has some vibrancy is Tropic of Cancer . The remainder sorta melts away , not really memorable , 5 minutes after you hear it.I blame the choice of songs , and a failure to really harness the texture of Ms. Reilly 's voice .
 Wow was I duped on this one . Fans of really bad , white boys trying to be funky in some way may find a way to enjoy this , but gawd help you . Kinda like Beck at his worst . High school prom DJ 's from very white suburbs might find some redeeming qualities . I could n't even bring myself to sell it on Amazon -LRB- price so low -RRB- -- actually threw it away ! Saved the jewel case for another CD though ...
 Good god almighty , this albums -LSB- stinks -RSB- I listened to the samples before purchasing , thinking hmm , this might go great with my hip-hop collection . I could not have been further from the truth . This is the absolute worst `` rap '' album I 've heard in ages . These guys do n't have a clue about words , rhythms , rhyming , singing , or anything really . I guess at best this album is good background music , but certainly not good enough for even pre-show music at The Apollo .
 After reading the reviews here and hearing `` I 'm doing fine '' , I thought that I had found another unknown gem . Instead , I found one of the worst cds that I have purchased in years . I love Massive Attack and listen to them frequently . The only thing that Day One shares with Massive Attack is a record label and hometown . It is a disgrace to even mention them in the same sentence . `` I 'm doing fine '' and maybe two other tracks are listenable , but songs like `` I 'm in your life '' were so bad that I was embarassed to be listening to them . Do yourself a favor and pick up the single for `` I 'm doing fine '' or else just completely skip over this band . You 'll thank me later ...
 This is what happens when effete white sissy boys try to make hip-hop . Utterly without redemption .
 This performance just is n't up to scratch , and the problems start with the prima donna . Perhaps an appreciation of Dimitra Theodossiou 's voice is an acquired taste . If so , I have n't acquired it . I found very little bel in her canto . Rather , I thought the voice large , strident , acidic and plagued with a vibrato that threatened to get out of control at any moment . Unfortunately , the scenes in which she appears are a real trial for the ears , and the rest of the cast are n't a great deal better.Enrico Giuseppe Iori and Nidia Palacios are acceptable , but no more , as Don Alfonso and Maffio Orsini . Mr. Iori has an imposing presence , and voice to match , and can bluster with the best of them . Ms. Palacio possesses a small , but adequate voice . I ca n't imagine why the costume designer put her in a platinum-blonde fright wig , though.The performing edition conforms to that published by Ricordi , meaning that Lucrezia loses her cabaletta in the Prologue -LRB- whew ! -RRB- . It also means that Gennaro does n't get the second act aria that Richard Bonynge included on his recording featuring Giacomo Aragall as Gennaro . This is rather a pity as Roberto De Biasio -LRB- Gennaro in this performance -RRB- was the only cast member I 'd not mind hearing again . Indeed , his voice rather reminded me of that of Mr. Aragall -- a warm , ingratiating tone , used with taste , intelligence and sensitivity . He shades his voice well and produces some very lovely soft singing.The production itself is unremarkable . The set consists of walls , windows and doors that move about to produce different spaces for each scene . The costumes are best described as `` inspired '' by the Italian Renaissance . The bevy of dancing Amazons who accompany Alfonso are rather silly , but inoffensive . The picture quality is poor . Bright colours , such as the crimson gowns at the beginning of the final scene , over-saturate and rapid movements leave a trail of blurs behind them.The set comes with a booklet illustrated with black and white photos and containing a complete cast list , with brief biographies , a background essay and a track-by-track synopsis.On the whole , you can give this one a miss . If you really want a DVD of this opera , you 're better off with the performance from Covent Garden with Joan Sutherland and Alfredo Krause . I enjoy this opera best on the old RCA recording with Montserrat Caballe , Alfredo Krause and Shirley Verrett .
 I 'm afraid I must agree with the first reviewer about this production . Dimitra is a great diappointment . She has a strange hesitant approach to her scale singing ; soft then strident and fadeing in and out . I found it most disturbing . Also disturbing was watching her as she juts out her jaw . In her long scene with husband Don Alfonso I found myself enjoying his singing and recoiled when she would start . I found Iori the be the best singer of the cast . I thought the sets and the production adequate and appropriate . The other singers were fine for this second circuit Italian house . I enjoyed the dances and the banqueting ; though I would like to have seen the coffins in the final scene . It would have been a delicious touch . I 'll file this DVD away and it will gather dust ; my DVD with Sutherland and Kraus does not get dusty . Now there is a real singer !
 I have n't heard the album in it 's entirety but , the song `` pintame '' is very similar to his first solo album `` suavemente '' and that is not good.But overall he is great .
 It is a shame that after the international hit `` Suavemente '' the following Elvis Crespo 's albums have not the same quality . Nowadays , E.C. is considered one the greatest merenge singers ; however , the quality of his albums is decresing -LRB- `` Pintame '' is an example -RRB- .
 How could people start calling this guy the king of merengue . Get real there only two kings of meregue and they are Juan Luis Guerra and Fernando Villalona . Although Villalona is not so famous as Guerra his voice is something from another world . His voice is so soft and there is no singer of merengue that can be compare to him when we are talking about a live concert . When villalona is singing live he sounds the same as the cd . So my conclusion is if you really want to listen merengue you should listen to the real king Fernando Villalona . And there no doubt about that .
 Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
 Elvis no tuve lo que tenia en SUAVEMENTE . Este Cd en verdad solo tiene una buena cancion la cual es Pintame . Despues de esa todo va de bajada . Malo el cd
 Elvis no tuve lo que tenia en SUAVEMENTE . Este Cd en verdad solo tiene una buena cancion la cual es Pintame . Despues de esa todo va de bajada . Malo el cd
 As a real fan of Latin music , I was looking forward to this since the reviews promised really terrific music , but Elvis Crespo 's annoying nasal voice overwhelms music that just is n't good enough to make up for it . Avoid this record .
 this cd sounds exactly like the first one ... and must he say `` oye nena hechate pa ` ca '' in every song ! hello ... annoying ? segunda partes nunca fueron buenas .
 Don and David are not unique or hugely talented . I do believe `` Shadow and Jimmy '' proves my point . There is nothing original nor spectacular about their music , which is why they did n't make it big . Conceptually they were precocious , but they are not musicians in the true sense of the word . They make better producers , especially Don . Today , their sound in What up Dog is digitally infantile , but good for 1988 . David 's lyrics are repetative and lack compassion/empathy . For the most part it was about men taking advantage of women . If , God forbid , they were to release another album , I 'm afraid we 'd be in for more of the same
 Probably more valuable from a historical perspective than anything else , Malfunkshun was one of the early bands in the Seattle scene that gave birth to grunge music . Featuring the late vocalist Andrew Wood -LRB- legendary for his place as the vocalist of Mother Love Bone , featuring future Pearl Jam members Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament , and subject of the tribute Temple of the Dog project , the band played a sort of post-glam/grunge sound -- closer in line with Queen than anything else , the band 's hard rock songs revolve around the strength of Wood 's wide-ranged tenor and brother Kevin Wood 's metal-styled guitar playing -LRB- with more in common with Eddie Van Halen than anything in the later grunge scene -RRB- . Like many legendary bands , its not quite as great as one would hope -- Wood was clearly a talented singer and the music is decent enough , but the execution is rather poor . Add to this somewhat degraded sound , and you 've got something thats really not entirely listenable . On the other hand , this is a collection of demos , not an `` album '' per se , so this is probably not a big surprise . One wonders had the band kept going what they would have produced -LRB- or for that matter had a producer been around to inject some more taste into the music and soloing -RRB- . There 's some decent material here -LRB- the theatrical rock of `` My Only Fan '' , melodramatic and brilliant piano ballad `` Until the Ocean '' and grungey `` I Wan na Be Your Daddy '' come to mind -RRB- , this is largely unessential .
 This is really an awful bunch of songs , but I 'm still glad Stone Gossard 's Loosegroove label went to the effort to release it . What you have here is early Andrew Wood , showing a little bit of the future genius that would be fully realized in Mother Love Bone -LRB- especially on `` Apple '' -RRB- . I think what drags this disc down the most is Kevin Wood 's guitar `` playing '' . No , the songs are n't quite there either , but the Metal Method school of guitar playing -LRB- Lesson 1 -RRB- is really terrible . All that aside , if you 're a true Andy Wood fan , you 've GOT to have this CD to complete the collection .
 When it comes to Malfunkshun , the earlier the material the better . Their tracks on the Deep Six compilation album -LRB- circa 1985 -RRB- were very cool ; sounded like T Rex meets Discharge . But this later stuff ... this sounds like `` random glam band '' meets `` suck . '' Still much better than anything Mother Love Bone ever did , though . I saw a track listing somewhere that seemed to indicate that there were over 20 tracks on this disk , but apparently this version only has these 13 . These 13 are n't worth it , but there maybe an expanded version with the older stuff tacked on .
 I think the audio here is really bad . Now it maybe simply my playback system in the car ; but these guys are much better than this disc suggests
 There are a lot of Good Songs Here , You already know that , everyone knows most of these Tunes , but any REAL Beach Boys Fan can see why this Set is Lacking ... Mike Love is overrepresented here , from `` Rock and Roll Music '' to `` Kokomo '' -LRB- a Truly DREADFUL Song -RRB- , sure those were Big Hits , but NOT Best ; This Collection is a cynical Cash-Grabbing attempt to squeeze Money out of the most casual Beach Boys Fan , and the mastering is LOUD and Compressed ... if You want a Great Beach Boys CD , try to Find `` Beach Boys Greatest '' , a 25 Song Import from Japan -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , that CD has more Brian Wilson Cuts , such as the Sublime `` Surf 's Up '' , '' Sail on Sailor '' , and `` Caroline No '' that are missing here .
 The sound quality , or lack thereof , is very irritating . I should have paid more attention to the reviews . Do n't buy this album . The sound is muted and the bass buzzes in the speakers . Some tracks are barely acceptable , others are weak and just pitiful . We have a Camry and I do n't expect the sound to be superb , just listenable .
 It 's surprising to me that no one mentioned the key reason this is an unsatisfactory collection ... the songs are not complete . The songs only last 1:30 - 2:30 minutes ... very odd and very frustrating . I have no problem with the selections , but to have entire verses cut out makes me crazy .
 First off , I love The Beach Boys , and I love every album in their catalog , from Surfin ' Safari to Summer In Paradise and everything in between , but these pointless compilations need to stop . If the record companies are going to put out Beach Boys compilations , how about they stop putting the same group of tracks ON EVERY COMPILATION !!! How about they put in a few tracks from Surf 's Up , or Holland , or anything from between 1966-1973 , which is the best period of their existence . How about they make some new rarities packages so I do n't have to continue listening to my muddy-beyond-belief bootlegs . Where 's Sound Of Free , or Would n't It Be Nice To Live Again , or the wealth of outtakes from the Sunflower time-frame , or the Smile sessions , or all of that rare live stuff -LRB- Can we please have the Carnegie Hall concert already ! -RRB- . Anyway , if you ca n't tell I 'm frustrated , and enough of these compilations with the same old group of songs on it all of the time . You want a real Beach Boys compilation , go buy The Warmth Of The Sun .
 I remember them as being better than this . The recording was weak . There was very little dynamic range . Bass was absent . I was very disappointed . Better pass this one up .
 The sound on this compilation is TERRIBLE . I would recommend buying PET SOUNDS and skip this . . that 's the only album you need .
 This wo n't take long.Speaking humbly -LRB- really ! -RRB- as a musician & longtime -LRB- from day 1 -RRB- in-depth fan of Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys : a -RRB- Lousy selection - I could go on forever about the songs picked , -LRB- I know ... - I KNOW ... it 's called ` Sounds of Summer - where in hell is ` All Summer Long ' then ? -RRB- but the fact that ` Caroline No ' and ` Surf 's Up ' is n't on this -LRB- and the dreaded `` Kokomo '' is -RRB- - says it all.It 's like Mike Love 's set list from Hell.b -RRB- Mediocre to bad sound - who picked these particular mixes and even worse , chose which ones are in ` stereo ' / mono ?? Could have been worse , but not by much -LRB- see the Pet Sounds Sessions box set -RRB- http://www.amazon.com/Pet-Sounds-Sessions-Beach-Boys/dp/B000002U4Uc -RRB- Liner notes and package = meh!SUMMARY : Do n't buy this . There are so many better box sets , anthologies ... if nothing else , just pick up a copy of the original ` Pet Sounds ' if you do n't have it ... almost * anything * is better than this .
 marketing people at record companies have no scruples . how many times can you re package the same group of songs ? especially when there 's so much unreleased stuff the beach boys did which was brilliant -LRB- ie the original Smile album plus numerous studio outtakes and incendiary live sets which have surfaced on bootlegs over the years ?! -RRB- Rather than piss your money away on this collection , save a few more dollars and buy the boys ' box set , endless summer , or even made in the usa , which at least has two songs that are unavailiable anywhere else -RRB-
 It 's a good introduction to the Beach Boys , but after looking over the running order andreading the Amazon reviews , I think I 'll pass on this collection since I own all these songs and burnmy own disc of `` Summer Fun '' with the suggestions from the reviewers.I started off by putting the songs in a closer chronological running order and droppedsome of the songs that reviewers questioned while adding ones they suggested .01 . Surfin ' Safari02 . Surfin ' U.S.A. 03 . Little Deuce Coupe04 . Surfer Girl05 . Shut Down06 . In My Room07 . Be True To Your School08 . Fun , Fun , Fun09 . The Warmth Of The Sun10 . Do n't Worry Baby11 . All Summer Long12 . I Get Around13 . Do You Wan na Dance ? 14 . When I Grow Up -LRB- To Be A Man -RRB- 15 . Dance , Dance , Dance16 . California Girls17 . Help Me , Rhonda18 . Barbara Ann19 . Sloop John B20 . Would n't It Be Nice21 . God Only Knows22 . Good Vibrations23 . Heroes And Villains24 . Darlin ' 25 . Do It Again26 . I Can Hear Music27 . Surf 's Up28 . Sail On Sailor29 . Good Timin ' 30 . KokomoFinally , one reviewer pointed out there was even room for a couple more songs.May I suggest ... Catch A Wave after Surfer Girl and This Whole World after I Can Hear Music.The other summer fun CD that will be out in late August is called `` Bananas '' a NEW album from Deep Purple . You remember them . The industry buzz says , `` this is one to look forward to '' . Yes !
 Please God , make `` Kokomo '' go away ...
 `` It 's OK '' missing ? NOT okay ! Their best 45 release in the 70s , and a personal favourite for Mike `` Ego '' Love 's lyrics
 This review is on the sound quality of `` Sounds of Summer
 The Good
 I was very excited about this boxed set because it includes the original CD audio recordings along with remastered surround sound versions and all of the music videos . However like most things that seem too good to be true , it was . Neither the CD audio nor DVD videos would play in any of my players . In addition , the physical discs themselves were too thick to fit in my car 's slot loading CD player . I think it would be helpful if Amazon put a notice up stating that the discs may be very incompatible with CD/DVD players . I tried four 4 different players with the same result .
 5 stars for the music , but I bought this and it will not play on any of the 5 cd players I own ! Dualdisc is a bad format . Do yourself a favor and make sure you can play these first . Wish I did !
 I LOVE Bj&ouml;rk . I own about 90 % of the singles , all of her albums -LRB- on Vinyl , 5.1 DVD and SACD when available -RRB- , a ton of her early stuff from the KUKL and sugracubes era and EVERY DVD she has released ever.So when I heard about this box , I just stopped and asked myself ... ` why ? ` Why put out $ 120 + for something I basically already have?One Little Indian should have just released the few albums that were n't already out in 5.1 -LRB- Debut , Post , Homogenic , etc. -RRB- instead of making this elaborate box.It 's pretty , but it 's overkill .
 So I liked Ginuwine first and second album.So when the life came out I figured why not ? No . This is garbage.I 'm not one to hate on a artist , Ginuwine has put out very good material in the past I just do n't know what happend . I do n't have time to follow who 's who on a album I simply like good music , I dont care who does your beats.But sorry ginuwine your good looks only got you so far on this one.I will say that Tribute to a woman is a nice song , but everyone has one of those I-know-time-get-tough-but-keep-your-head-up kinda songs.Diffrences has a nice flow to it , but besides those two songs I do n't know what he was thinking.Hit me on a two way ???????????? and there 's a whole song about this ??? Okay I 'm turning into a hater so that all I can say.But thats just my thoughts .
 I 'm a huge Ginuwine fan but this cd is weak . I knew Timbaland only did one track before I bought it and thought it still would be tight , but I was wrong . I know it 's getting old hearing Ginuwine is n't the same without Timbaland but it 's true , it 's Timbo 's sound that makes Ginuwine standout , but i 'm sorry to say that Ginuwine fell off with this cd . Seriously not even worth buying .
 I like Ginuwine and his music but after hearing this CD I was disappointed . I only liked 4 songs ; Why Not Me , Two Way . Differences and Superhuman are really nice . I was just not feelin most of the songs on this album , they were kind of boring . I expected a lot better from this CD . Overall I do n't recommend this CD because most of the songs did not capture my attention .
 It seems like Ginuwine just threw this album together . This is not what I was used to hearing from him . I was used to seeing Ginuwine as a slow ballad kind of person . I only found three songs that I liked on The Life .
 lets face it , this cd could have been alot better , and what is the solution-Timbaland . this cd has decent songs but definitely misses Timbalands flavor he brought to the table , which made Ginuwines music stick out from any other r & b singer . not worth the money , cause Ginuwine never had the greatest voice , but he had Timbo 's beats and influence , sorry to say it but ginuwine fell off .
 Ginuwine has always been a favorite performer of mine . Even though he gives the false pretense of being an old schooler Ginuwine showed his true colors with this disc . The cd is for mass market consumption and its at its worst . The cd does n't offer the vocal range I have come accustomed to with G and for some strange reason he chose to only work with Timbaland on one track . IF something isnt broke do n't try to fix it should be applied here . The cd just sounds cluttered and it even has a Diane Warren track on it ! There is n't the littlest smidgen of the raw energy and sexual nuances we have grown accustomed to . For shame Ginuwine i suggest you get on your `` Pony '' and ride to Timbaland 's house for solid material .
 Very poor . Timberland only did one track . I can tell , Ginuwine did the whole album by himself . Fans of ginuwine -LRB- mostly girls -RRB- save your money on the bull ...
 Ginuwine 's third album The Life falls flat in many areas . He tries to mature as an artist but the direction he takes just does n't work out . First Of all he basically drops Timbaland , who , lets face it , made Ginuwine who he is today . Two-Way is one of the worst R&B songs I have ever heard . This song and idea is hopeless . The first song Why Not Me is garbage and She 's Fine is as well . How Deep Is Your Love is another weak ballad and Show After Show is basically stupid and pointless . The only Timbaland produced song That 's How I Get Down is also very weak and even hot man at the time Ludacris could n't save the track . On his biggest song to date , Differences , Ginuwine puts in a decent performance but it sounds like he is about to start crying though and does n't work out like it should . There It Is is BY FAR the BEST song on the cd and is about an ungrateful woman who does n't appreciate him . An excellent track.Although I liked Ginuwine 's first two albums Bachelor and 100 % Ginuwine , The Life just does n't cut it . It seems rushed and the production is extremely spotty . Ginuwine has to do something pretty amazing for me to consider shelling out 14 greenbacks for his next cd . I really hope he improves on his next effort because he has taken two steps forward one step backward . I ca n't recommend this cd to anyone and I would advise you to stay away from it or borrow it from a friend .
 Anyone who thinks `` The Life '' is a good album has got to be trippin ' . Beware , if you are a fan of Ginuwine 's previous albums , please save your money because you will be in for a horrible shock with this one . It 's clear now that his talent truly does not exist . He owes all his fame to Timbaland , the true genius . Trust me ! The album only has 2 good songs .
 I am a big fan of Ginuwine , and I own both of his previous CDs . I have to say that he messed up his entire flow with his new CD The Life . If you are looking to buy this CD , because you are a fan of his previous work I 'm telling you to save your money , because this CD does n't compare to his previous work . As fine as he is , and he is that fine , he could n't make the horrible songs on this CD work .
 THIS NEW CD `` THE LIFE '' IS N'T EVEN WORTH THE SENTENCES I 'M ABOUT TO WASTE ON IT . THIS CD DOES N'T EVEN COMPARE TO HIS FIRST TWO - `` THE BACHELOR '' & `` 100 % ... '' . THE ONLY SONG THAT DOES MEET UP TO STANDARD IS THE TIMBALAND PRODUCED TRACK `` THAT 'S HOW I GET DOWN '' . ADVICE FOR GINUWINE ... . FOR YOUR NEXT ALBUM-KEEP TIMBALAND AS THE ALBUM 'S PRODUCER . YOU NEED HIS BEATS TO ENSURE A GOOD ALBUM FOR YOURSELF !
 Ginuwine the Person is cool he has overcome alot.but Ginuwine the Artist needs to hang it up.His Voice is flat again on this set as on His Other Discs.Tired Cliched Music & Arrangements do nothing here.He is a Good Dancer maybe He can catch on with Michael Jackson 's next tour or something but please put the Mike down ???
 She does have a lovely voice , but i just ca n't seem to get into it . And I love old school soul.Every time i put it on I find myself doing other things other than really listening . But i must be the only one , as all the rteviews I 've read have given it 5 stars . maybe i should give it another listen ... but I 'm not convinced .
 I just bought this cd and am so disappointed . Everything I love about Charlie Robison seems to have been toned down . Edgy and raw has become over-produced and commercialized . Most of the reviews I have read are using the phrase `` radio friendly '' . Well , I think he has little chance of commercial success with this as he sounds bland and lifeless . I think there are only three songs on here worth listening to ... Desperate Times -LRB- though this song certainly sounded better on his cd Bandera -RRB- , the Preacher -LRB- on which he ALMOST sounds like his old self -RRB- , and the Wedding Song -LRB- on which Natalie sounds better than Charlie but seems to have had her mic turned WAY down on the last chorus of the song -RRB- . I guess this would be fine for someone who DID N'T know how brilliant Charlie COULD be but it 's too late for that with me .
 He was the Life of The Party for a minute , but when his persona and outrageous-for-outrageous-sake comments began to overshadow his good music , Charlie Robison became the Wrong Man For The Job.This record is a compromise of what Charlie previously stood for
 I had been looking forward to this CD for months ; Charlie 's previous CD `` Life of the Party '' is one of my all time favorites . I bought `` Step Right Up '' , put it in my car CD player , and settled in for what I was sure was going to be a great experience . I could n't believe my ears . It was terrible . I listened to it 3 times between Knoxville and Nashville , ; it actually got worse with every playing . I ca n't remember when I was more disappointed by a CD .
 Here we go again ... a daring singer/songwriter gains local popularity ... on his way to gaining widespread popularity ... than splat , he goes and trades in his individuality for more radio time . If you want any kind of glimpse of his true talent , check out `` Life of the Party '' . What 's wrong Charlie , Texas radio not good enough for you ???
 ok so it 's not life of the party . and ok I saw charlie robison on cmt introducing joe diffie , and mark chestnut vidios -LRB- shudder -RRB- this is not that bad of an album it takes more so called chances than most nashville produced albums.and charle seems to have bigger fish to fry than being a honky tonk hero , so good luck charlie
 Some pretty good songs . Some songs just OK . And some just plain awful and NO songs on the same level as Lovin County or My Hometown . Overall a dissapointment .
 This probably goes in the , if you do n't have something good to say do n't say anything at all category , but I got ta say , I wanted to check out this CD based on some of the songs I heard in a CD store , such as the Preacher and Desperate Times and John O'Reilly even though I 'm not convinced this guy 's Irish , but I thought I 'd check it out -LRB- btw , it 's run-on sentence time ! -RRB- and see for myself if this guy 's any good or not . But as the CD went on and it got into songs like It Comes To Me Naturally and Life Of The Party I realized this was getting into CLOWN territory . There are a few reasons why in the end I was not impressed with this CD , but the biggest reason is : IF YOU 'RE MARRIED , YOU DO N'T SING A DUMB *** SONG like `` It Comes To Me Naturally '' with lines like ' I like that one over here and I like that one over there , bring me a dozen , I just do n't care . '' Now , I realize Mr. Robison did n't write this song , but he still CHOSE to sing it ... so I find that deeply disturbing coming from a married guy ... hey , you are the songs you sing ... THUMBS DOWN MAN ... I 'll be chucking this one out with the garbage .
 This is an awful album . Proving that talent does n't necessarily run in the family , Charlie demonstrates on this disc that he is n't in the same league as a singer or songwriter as his brother , Bruce Robison.If Charlie had n't married into the Dixie Chicks , he would still be mired in well-deserved obscurity , playing frat parties in Texas .
 There 's probably a fisherman in here somewhere , but somebody forgot to put in the blues . I bought this album expecting to hear some good gut-bucket blues . You know , searing guitar solos , distorted harmonica , twelve bars etc. . Instead I get some gaelic wimp whining about the ocean . Newsflash
 If Neil is playing the instruments and not singing on this , then this is n't worth it . Who is Elyse ? I recommend this to someone who likes Elyse , not Neil Young .
 What the hell is this , and what does it have to do with Neil Young ?????
 Great . A new Neil Young CD I thought and clikked on this . What I got was a reissue of a record from 1968 with a lady called Elyse . Under other circumstances the CD might not be too bad but this is not what I wanted . The voice remind me of somone called Melanie -LRB- I think -RRB- who made some records long ago . And then there are some accustic guitars and strings . Neil Young in fact plays guitar on 1 -LRB- one -RRB- track , but I think it is a bit farfetched to call this a Neil Young CD .
 I just bought this cd and am so disappointed . Everything I love about Charlie Robison seems to have been toned down . Edgy and raw has become over-produced and commercialized . Most of the reviews I have read are using the phrase `` radio friendly '' . Well , I think he has little chance of commercial success with this as he sounds bland and lifeless . I think there are only three songs on here worth listening to ... Desperate Times -LRB- though this song certainly sounded better on his cd Bandera -RRB- , the Preacher -LRB- on which he ALMOST sounds like his old self -RRB- , and the Wedding Song -LRB- on which Natalie sounds better than Charlie but seems to have had her mic turned WAY down on the last chorus of the song -RRB- . I guess this would be fine for someone who DID N'T know how brilliant Charlie COULD be but it 's too late for that with me .
 He was the Life of The Party for a minute , but when his persona and outrageous-for-outrageous-sake comments began to overshadow his good music , Charlie Robison became the Wrong Man For The Job.This record is a compromise of what Charlie previously stood for
 I had been looking forward to this CD for months ; Charlie 's previous CD `` Life of the Party '' is one of my all time favorites . I bought `` Step Right Up '' , put it in my car CD player , and settled in for what I was sure was going to be a great experience . I could n't believe my ears . It was terrible . I listened to it 3 times between Knoxville and Nashville , ; it actually got worse with every playing . I ca n't remember when I was more disappointed by a CD .
 Here we go again ... a daring singer/songwriter gains local popularity ... on his way to gaining widespread popularity ... than splat , he goes and trades in his individuality for more radio time . If you want any kind of glimpse of his true talent , check out `` Life of the Party '' . What 's wrong Charlie , Texas radio not good enough for you ???
 ok so it 's not life of the party . and ok I saw charlie robison on cmt introducing joe diffie , and mark chestnut vidios -LRB- shudder -RRB- this is not that bad of an album it takes more so called chances than most nashville produced albums.and charle seems to have bigger fish to fry than being a honky tonk hero , so good luck charlie
 Some pretty good songs . Some songs just OK . And some just plain awful and NO songs on the same level as Lovin County or My Hometown . Overall a dissapointment .
 This probably goes in the , if you do n't have something good to say do n't say anything at all category , but I got ta say , I wanted to check out this CD based on some of the songs I heard in a CD store , such as the Preacher and Desperate Times and John O'Reilly even though I 'm not convinced this guy 's Irish , but I thought I 'd check it out -LRB- btw , it 's run-on sentence time ! -RRB- and see for myself if this guy 's any good or not . But as the CD went on and it got into songs like It Comes To Me Naturally and Life Of The Party I realized this was getting into CLOWN territory . There are a few reasons why in the end I was not impressed with this CD , but the biggest reason is : IF YOU 'RE MARRIED , YOU DO N'T SING A DUMB *** SONG like `` It Comes To Me Naturally '' with lines like ' I like that one over here and I like that one over there , bring me a dozen , I just do n't care . '' Now , I realize Mr. Robison did n't write this song , but he still CHOSE to sing it ... so I find that deeply disturbing coming from a married guy ... hey , you are the songs you sing ... THUMBS DOWN MAN ... I 'll be chucking this one out with the garbage .
 This is an awful album . Proving that talent does n't necessarily run in the family , Charlie demonstrates on this disc that he is n't in the same league as a singer or songwriter as his brother , Bruce Robison.If Charlie had n't married into the Dixie Chicks , he would still be mired in well-deserved obscurity , playing frat parties in Texas .
 THIS NEW CD `` THE LIFE '' IS N'T EVEN WORTH THE SENTENCES I 'M ABOUT TO WASTE ON IT . THIS CD DOES N'T EVEN COMPARE TO HIS FIRST TWO - `` THE BACHELOR '' & `` 100 % ... '' . THE ONLY SONG THAT DOES MEET UP TO STANDARD IS THE TIMBALAND PRODUCED TRACK `` THAT 'S HOW I GET DOWN '' . ADVICE FOR GINUWINE ... . FOR YOUR NEXT ALBUM-KEEP TIMBALAND AS THE ALBUM 'S PRODUCER . YOU NEED HIS BEATS TO ENSURE A GOOD ALBUM FOR YOURSELF !
 Ginuwine the Person is cool he has overcome alot.but Ginuwine the Artist needs to hang it up.His Voice is flat again on this set as on His Other Discs.Tired Cliched Music & Arrangements do nothing here.He is a Good Dancer maybe He can catch on with Michael Jackson 's next tour or something but please put the Mike down ???
 It seems like Ginuwine just threw this album together . This is not what I was used to hearing from him . I was used to seeing Ginuwine as a slow ballad kind of person . I only found three songs that I liked on The Life .
 lets face it , this cd could have been alot better , and what is the solution-Timbaland . this cd has decent songs but definitely misses Timbalands flavor he brought to the table , which made Ginuwines music stick out from any other r & b singer . not worth the money , cause Ginuwine never had the greatest voice , but he had Timbo 's beats and influence , sorry to say it but ginuwine fell off .
 Ginuwine has always been a favorite performer of mine . Even though he gives the false pretense of being an old schooler Ginuwine showed his true colors with this disc . The cd is for mass market consumption and its at its worst . The cd does n't offer the vocal range I have come accustomed to with G and for some strange reason he chose to only work with Timbaland on one track . IF something isnt broke do n't try to fix it should be applied here . The cd just sounds cluttered and it even has a Diane Warren track on it ! There is n't the littlest smidgen of the raw energy and sexual nuances we have grown accustomed to . For shame Ginuwine i suggest you get on your `` Pony '' and ride to Timbaland 's house for solid material .
 Very poor . Timberland only did one track . I can tell , Ginuwine did the whole album by himself . Fans of ginuwine -LRB- mostly girls -RRB- save your money on the bull ...
 Ginuwine 's third album The Life falls flat in many areas . He tries to mature as an artist but the direction he takes just does n't work out . First Of all he basically drops Timbaland , who , lets face it , made Ginuwine who he is today . Two-Way is one of the worst R&B songs I have ever heard . This song and idea is hopeless . The first song Why Not Me is garbage and She 's Fine is as well . How Deep Is Your Love is another weak ballad and Show After Show is basically stupid and pointless . The only Timbaland produced song That 's How I Get Down is also very weak and even hot man at the time Ludacris could n't save the track . On his biggest song to date , Differences , Ginuwine puts in a decent performance but it sounds like he is about to start crying though and does n't work out like it should . There It Is is BY FAR the BEST song on the cd and is about an ungrateful woman who does n't appreciate him . An excellent track.Although I liked Ginuwine 's first two albums Bachelor and 100 % Ginuwine , The Life just does n't cut it . It seems rushed and the production is extremely spotty . Ginuwine has to do something pretty amazing for me to consider shelling out 14 greenbacks for his next cd . I really hope he improves on his next effort because he has taken two steps forward one step backward . I ca n't recommend this cd to anyone and I would advise you to stay away from it or borrow it from a friend .
 Anyone who thinks `` The Life '' is a good album has got to be trippin ' . Beware , if you are a fan of Ginuwine 's previous albums , please save your money because you will be in for a horrible shock with this one . It 's clear now that his talent truly does not exist . He owes all his fame to Timbaland , the true genius . Trust me ! The album only has 2 good songs .
 I am a big fan of Ginuwine , and I own both of his previous CDs . I have to say that he messed up his entire flow with his new CD The Life . If you are looking to buy this CD , because you are a fan of his previous work I 'm telling you to save your money , because this CD does n't compare to his previous work . As fine as he is , and he is that fine , he could n't make the horrible songs on this CD work .
 I like Ginuwine and his music but after hearing this CD I was disappointed . I only liked 4 songs ; Why Not Me , Two Way . Differences and Superhuman are really nice . I was just not feelin most of the songs on this album , they were kind of boring . I expected a lot better from this CD . Overall I do n't recommend this CD because most of the songs did not capture my attention .
 I 'm a huge Ginuwine fan but this cd is weak . I knew Timbaland only did one track before I bought it and thought it still would be tight , but I was wrong . I know it 's getting old hearing Ginuwine is n't the same without Timbaland but it 's true , it 's Timbo 's sound that makes Ginuwine standout , but i 'm sorry to say that Ginuwine fell off with this cd . Seriously not even worth buying .
 So I liked Ginuwine first and second album.So when the life came out I figured why not ? No . This is garbage.I 'm not one to hate on a artist , Ginuwine has put out very good material in the past I just do n't know what happend . I do n't have time to follow who 's who on a album I simply like good music , I dont care who does your beats.But sorry ginuwine your good looks only got you so far on this one.I will say that Tribute to a woman is a nice song , but everyone has one of those I-know-time-get-tough-but-keep-your-head-up kinda songs.Diffrences has a nice flow to it , but besides those two songs I do n't know what he was thinking.Hit me on a two way ???????????? and there 's a whole song about this ??? Okay I 'm turning into a hater so that all I can say.But thats just my thoughts .
 I am homeschooling my kids , ages 5 , 3 , and 2 . My 3 yo son is speech delayed , but learns very easily through music , so I was looking for some `` teaching music . '' This CD appeared to fit the bill . However , we were very disappointed . The melodies are not likable , and all sound very similar to one another . The synthesized instruments add little musical interest . The lyrics are terrible -- they try to fit in too many words , which makes for a very stumbling , awkward flow to the lyrics . In addition , many of the lyrics are simply unsingable for children of this age group . Lastly , the activities in the accompanying booklet just offer more proof that the author/composer does n't know anything about `` early learners . '' From the songs ' topics
 Dave is the greatest and this performance at Carnegie Hall is a crowning gem in his crown of the best . Just check Downbeat and Playboy polls through the 50 's , 60 's & 70 's . Even now at 75 plus , he is simply the best . Red , hot and Cool !
 If you saw an album titled `` Classic '' with a name like George Carlin , Bill Cosby , Robin Williams , Monty Python , you would naturally think Classic = some of the very best bits.In this case classic means real old , not necessarily good . Recorded live somewhere at some time -LRB- there is no information on the sleeve -RRB- , it seems to be very early Connolly , as he is making the transition from folk singer to stand-up comedy . A good amount of the material not only depends on being able to understand a Glaswegian patter , but also requires some geographical knowledge of Glasgow itself . A lot of scatalogical humour , and too many folk singing comedy songs.It is as if this recording company found an old tape of Connolly 's that they had rights to , so they decided to cash in.There is a reason the price on this is so low .
 Track after track of the same beat , all songs have the same five notes , interest to barely last five minutes . This is music to fade into the background , for people who ca n't handle adventure in their music .
 This is the worst piece of ... I 've heard in a long time . Heavily arranged pop cheese gathered on one disc . The players are good , the singer is good , but the tunes are pure cheese , while the players are held back from playing anything that 's actually musical . If Sade wants to be a jazz singer , she should try singing something with some meat in it , and learn to improvise , as well as let her musicians improvise and swing . This is smooth R&B at it 's elevator music blandest .
 In the day when I collected commercial music from my 1980s childhood , Sade , though they had only one hit -LRB- `` Smooth Operator '' - which sounded to me back then like `` New Corporation '' -RRB- in my native Australia , were one of the most mentioned artists in music advertisements . `` Smooth Operator '' I had always found enjoyable with its melodic , even haunting saxophone lines and seemingly interesting lyrics about travel across the United States . `` Your Love Is King '' and `` Hang On To Your Love '' had some truly beautiful - at least I would have though on hearing them on radio - vocals that completely overshadowed the lack of depth or fire in the backing . `` Jezebel '' and `` The Sweetest Taboo '' from Sade 's second album `` Promises '' were even slower but had proportionately more beautiful , even absorbing vocals.However , that is where it really starts to go downhill , for on later songs there is no way in which Sade Adu 's deep vocals can make up in any way at all for the lameness of her backing players . Most of the later songs really seem to stop , stop and start only in the most momentary way one could ever imagine . These songs really proved impossible for me to sit through them back in the middle 1990s when I bought this album , and I never have thought I would want to try . At times , even Sade Adu 's voice can seem a little soppy rather than deep.Apart from the early singles , there is nothing even listenable here even if the album is far less dated than most music of its type from the 1980s .
 Its an okay album . I only listen to 3 songs and it was kinda expensive .
 I have read so many positive reviews of this album , I had to check it out for myself . I was severely disappointed with this recording . The Vines do not live up to the hype . `` Highly Evolved '' contains some pleasurable moments , but in the end it is a rote , soul-less album . I did not want to listen to this again after a couple of listens . On a positive note , they are a young , inexperienced band who have the potential to make a much more engaging recording in the future.I think another reviewer put it best
 Imagine Oasis fronted by a screaming drugged up , drunk and crazy Scott Weiland -LRB- wait that is just like Scott Weiland -RRB- . Frightened yet ? Well you should be . The Vines tread a lot of ground in genres in music compared to other ` New Rock Revolution ' bands , but they pull all of this off quite unsucessfully and end up looking quite inferior to their counterparts . I was reluctant to buy this album because I was afraid it would all sound like Get Free . Well guess what , most of the songs do n't sound like the single . But it does n't matter because the album is drenched in filler . The Vines try to pull off Beatles sounding tunes and Led Zeppelinish tunes but they do n't mesmerize you . This album has three pretty good songs , the title track , Mary Jane , and Outtathaway . I suggest you download those songs and scrap the rest of the album .
 why would you buy this?the vines are one of these `` return of rock '' bands and are they worth it . Not really . think about it . where did this band come from ? i think they are 2002 's silverchair . All this -LSB- stuff -RSB- about them being the new nirvana . do you need a band that sounds like nirvana , when nirvana released plenty of great records . The two songs on the radio are the only ones that really rock anyway . they have an acoustic guitar in a lot of the songs . and the music is catchy . but is honest ? does it have credibility?want music that rocks ? try hot hot heat , interpol , the rapture . or really crazy music ? jr ewing , drive like jehu , or the refused.or do yourself a favor and rediscover thin lizzy , black sabbath , black flag , led zepplin , and velvet underground .
 1/3 of this album is good -LRB- Highly Evolved , Outoftheway , Get Free , In the Jungle -RRB- , 1/3 is ok , 1/3 is bad . I felt that it was n't really worth owning .
 They have `` Evolved '' because they have managed to steal all the `` hooks '' and `` cool riffs '' from their predecessors . This band is a fake and if it was n't for Nirvana , would never have been around ! Do not waste you money or time with this cd . If you 're looking for retro guitar rock look to The HIVES .
 When I heard `` Get Free '' , I thought The Vines were awesome . They sounded like Nirvana , and they had a bit of a grunge edge to them . I bought the cd today , popped it into my cd player , hit play and expected something worth a listen . Instead , I get a terrible cd that I 'll most likely never listen to again after the first time . This one happened to litter their debut cd with boring songs that have little to no thought put into the lyrics . They 're just another band I 'll forget about in a couple years , unlike Nirvana and The Beatles , who will live on forever . Do n't buy into the hype that they 're `` the New Nirvana '' , it 's a disgrace to Kurt .
 For those of you planning to buy this CD based on hearing `` get free '' do not bother . download it off the net or something . because the rest of this album , -LRB- aside from possibly `` in the jungle '' -RRB- is full of lush harmoniesand beatle-esque arrangements and slow songs . i was pretty dissapointed , based on how brutal `` get free `` is . this really makes you appreciate a band like Nirvana . imagine someone heard `` smells like teen spirit '' and then bought the album based on that , not knowing they 'd be equally blown away by the entire album . not the case here.i saw the Vines on Letterman and was blown away by their performance of get free , but get free isthe only punkish/nirvana type song on `` highly evolved '' . -LRB- little wonder that track was mixed by andy wallace , who mixed `` nevermind '' -RRB- if you like beatle retreads you might likethe rest of this CD , but otherwise , do n't be fooled punks and grunge fans .
 The Vines have good pop music . That 's all you can really say about them . They are n't original , are n't good for more than 10 or so listens , and are n't the future of rock . However , few people really care about that . I thought they were fun to listen to for a while , but I found my radiohead and wilco Cds came in much more frequently . I love nirvana , and when I heard `` Get free '' I thought the vines were the future of rock . They are n't , as evidenced by 7 or 8 absolute filler tracks in this short Cd . The only other good ones are Aint no room and Mary Jane , which both sound like the Beatles . When the vines are original , they -LSB- are bad -RSB- .
 Lyrics from old rock bands actually made sense . The singer for The Vines is just shouting nonsense lyrics that DO N'T make any sense . I use to like this band back when I use to watch Brainwashing America and the world telivision -LRB- MTV -RRB- , but I saw them playing live and they were terrible . What you hear on the CD is artificial . They are not talented nor are they the saviors of rock . I do n't know of any good rock that 's out today , so I would have to recommend metal -LRB- like Opeth , In Flames -RRB- or any rock and metal before the 90s .
 tiene un par de canciones para entretenerse un rato , para pasar el momento . pero en general parece un grupo jugando a ser The Beatles con algunos tics de Nirvana . la verdad ninguna de sus canciones convence en su totalidad , solo es un disco del monton.de las canciones podria rescatar la cancion Autumn Shade , aunque la psicodelia beatles ya fue explotada demasiado por Oasis . no se , algo sobrevalorado el grupo este .
 I thought this album was mediocre at best . The ` The ' bands have been hyped so much , and The Vines definitely do not deliver . Sure , they 're better than Limp Bizkit and Creed , but thats not saying much . These are a set of straight up rock songs which 10 years ago no one would have paid any attention to . And the fame has obviously gone to the lead singer 's head . His pretentious atmosphere and feigned disconnectedness are disgusting . The size of his ego is no way commensurate with his talent . What a loser . I would have given the album another star if it was n't for how annoying he is .
 Oh man.I dont know what to say . This band tries to be like all those new rock bands , The white stripes , the hives , the strokes , black rebel motorcycle club . And this is the worst of this brand of music . Supposedly these bands are getting back to the roots of rock and roll , but in reality htey are copying bands such as the beatles and led zepp ; in and using this for on music to write simple bad music . The vines are expecially bad , they have no creativity and unorigional repeated lyrics and lines . The only reson they are popular is because of the fact that capitol records has paid for them to be over hyped by mtv , which shows them quite often . If you want some real rock and roll listen to Hopesfall and The Dilinger Escape Plan .
 I do n't know what people see in these guys . The songs just are n't interesting . Thy ca n't seem to make up their mind if they want to be rediculously bad Nirvana imposters or a terrible pop band . Maybe I would n't hate them so much if they did n't get so much praise . They just do n't deserve it . When did everyone become so misguided ? I want my Seven Dollars back .
 I ca n't possibly understand how anyone who really likes the hit single Get Free could like the rest of this CD . I heard Get Free on the radio and thought , `` Hey , this could be the next really good punk band ! '' Then I bought the CD . The only other song that even closely resembles punk is Outtathaway , which of course is now the second single . They are trying to portray themselves as punk , when in reality , they belong back in the 60s . They sound like a REALLY bad Beatles . I really like the Beatles and other well done older rock , but The Vines do n't even come close . This CD is so bad it becomes humorous by the end of it . Highly Evolved , Outtathaway , and Get Free are the only songs that are even remotely worth listening too . If you want mellower stuff that sounds like older rock , maybe you 'll like these guys , but they wo n't by liked by any punk fan . I should have known that any band declaired by Rolling Stone to be the future of rock would ... horribly . This is not the future of rock or the future of anything . The Vines need to go back to the drawing board and figure out what they want their sound to be . They show promise if they do go straight punk from the single Get Free , it 's amazing and the only reason this garbage gets 2 stars . Or , they can go the way of the rest of this album goes , and try to bring back older stuff . This straddling the fence thing just wo n't cut it . Do yourself a favor and go find something that could be the future of rock , such as Saturate from Breaking Benjamin .
 I 'm getting tired of this business . Such is the sorry state of current mainstream rock n ' roll that yet another mediocre band has been crowned the Next Big Thing based on little more than attitude . Whenever the rock press declares a band to be the Next Big Thing , that 's just the band with the Next Big Promotional Hype Budget.The Vines are another of those minimalist garage bands that think attitude can cover up a shortage of skills and talent , and there is absolutely nothing `` new '' or `` exciting '' in their sound . It appears that leader Craig Nicholls has never listened to any records in his entire life besides those released by the Beatles between 1965 and 1968 , and possibly a Rolling Stones greatest hits package . With the exception of the direct Nirvana rip-off in the energetic but rickety hit single `` Get Free , '' just about every single song on this album is ripped off from the Beatles . The album is a repetitive recycling of basic Fab Four ideas but with none of the vision or insight . The low point -LRB- among many lows -RRB- is the laughable `` Factory '' which was already a flop three and a half decades ago when it was called `` Magical Mystery Tour . '' I will admit that the Vines do show some future potential , and the presence on this album of several ballads , some acoustic guitars and pianos , and a few strong lyrics shows that Nicholls does have a lot of ideas . However , having a lot of ideas is meaningless when every single one of them is predictable and derivative . The one halfway presentable song here is the closer `` 1969 , '' which is actually somewhat dramatic even though the title is stolen from the Stooges and the sound is sub-Zeppelin at best.Anybody who thinks that this type of unskilled and uncreative tripe is the future of rock , or even the best rock we have today , needs to listen to FAR more records . The feature bin at the mall 's chain record store does not represent all the real quality rock that is out there if you 're willing to search for it . The Vines may be hot , but hot gets cold real quick .
 I think this is a very pretentious band . Mean come on , everyone can tell they try to be rock saviours Radiohead , i saw them once and man they were seriously trying hard to pull off the act . Two stars for the effort .
 The Beatles ? Nirvana ? Not even on this overhyped band 's best day .
 after hearing ` get free ' and ` outtatheway ' i was impressed . But the rest of the cd -LSB- is a dissapointment -RSB- . save yourself and dont buy this cd ... besides the 2 songs , the rest of the cd is horrible
 So many good Australian bands around . You Am I , Grinspoon , Jebediah , The Living End , Powderfinger just to name a few . Why does the world pick The Vines to love ? After hearing `` Get Free '' & `` Highly Evolved '' I do n't blame the world for going nuts ! These two songs are really good and I love them . But after getting the album , I soon came to realise that `` Highly Evolved '' really had nothing else . The other songs were OK , but sound weak & bland compared to the first two singles.And then I saw these guys live at the big day out 2003 -LRB- large australian music festival -RRB- . Oh my god ! the vines were absolutly terrible ! They sounded weak and were easily the worst band of the day . They seriously need to work on their live performance . And whats the deal with Craig Nicolls accent ? as an australian I find this quite insulting . That guy is a wanker . Listen to some real music .
 The Vines have been hailed as the second coming of Nirvana-like rock . They have been hyped as the savior which will save our musical universe from the likes of Pop Divas and Pearl Jam Knockoffs . But , this album falls short in so many ways . The first single , Get Free , is by far the most amusing song on the album , despite its simplicity , it is a good song . But , the rest of the album lacks that dynamic and is really quite boring . Some people have said they are like a combination between The Beatles and Nirvana , but they do n't realize how horrible a combination that would be . The songs are mediocre , and the album itself is not as good as most people would lead you to believe . The album is good for Get Free , but that 's about it . Two stars for the effort , but the last three are only earned through quality .
 I do n't listen to the radio , so for new music connections I rely a lot upon reviews and -LRB- in weak moments -RRB- occasionally media hype . I should have known better . I like The Strokes , and The White Stripes older stuff is decent , but this album made me sick . I 've tried to give it a way so it wo n't taint my honorable music collection , but it seems my friends are n't the sucker I was . I listened to the album a couple of times but there was n't one moment of excitement.Honestly , The Vines have been included in the media 's `` rebirth of rock , '' but there is nothing on this album that warrants repeated listening . Unless you 've heard the band and know you like it , I strongly suggest buying a pack of cigarettes and some porn instead .
 Pot . Anarchy . These themes are not refreshing nor musically evocative . When I first heard the 2 cuts from this record -LRB- the singles that are plastered on all the FM rock stations -RRB- I was quite impressed , but they alone ca n't sustain a blunt retread of musically iconclastic hereos of yore . Nirvana , they ai n't . Kurt Cobain actually had an urgency of purpose driven passion in his songs , and these wild guys , are just rocking out with their # @ $ s out ... it 's fun but tedious and all in all , it does n't warrant the hardy praise they 've recieved . It does warrant the inevitable backlash they 've got though -LRB- Spin Magazine , bless you for printing truth -RRB- and Craig Nichol 's is such a stoner that he freely admitted to every publishing rock magazine making the universal circuit of his mary jane love affair , so I say , stop right there . These stoner 's are just having fun . These boys are the tame underdeveloped wicked drug addled stepchild of Nirvana and a cracked out Bad Brains . It 's an o.k. L.P. , but I 'd reccomend you buy `` Nevermind '' or `` In Utero '' to actually listen to rock that has craft and subtlety . Let Craig smoke all the reefer he wants , but sorry dude , it ai n't helping your songwriting skills that much . Pass the Nirvana .
 This album is nothing more than a poorly done rehash of Nirvana , Radiohead , and the Beatles . While all three of those are defintely respectable , The Vines however , are not . The music is pretentious and the band leader , Craig Nichols , has been nothing but a clueless lout that feels like it is his duty to be the new CrAzY guy in rock-n-roll . Instead of being a loose cannon he is just another loose nut . I give it one star because the current single Come In is a decent revision of Nirvana 's Negative Creep . When it comes to spending your money , save it for real rock-n-roll bands not this .
 What the heck is wrong with this band ? The lead singer 's voice is a weird , sandpapery yelp , and he is incoherant at all times . I saw them on the MTV awards or some other crap , and they were awful . And what are they saying in Outtathaway ? I 'm pretty sure I heard ` I 'm comin ' off that negr * sound ' and that might very well be what they said , since most of the song is about people being ` different ' and them not caring about saying things ` out of line cause they do n't believe in time ' . Of course , I 've gotten different versions of the lyrics from a few different places since no one seems to agree on what the heck they 're saying . OutKast should hunt them down and kick their skinny white asses . And why did OutKast or whichever black person owns that ` Ms. Jackson ' song sell it to THEM ? Way to sell out , man .
 It 's a shame that a band resorts to shock value and volume -LRB- i.e. noise -RRB- to become popular . It 's more of a shame that people buy into it.Listen to music because it expands your mind ; because a band is doing something no one else can . This band sounds like a bunch of kids who started playing yesterday and think that the louder they get , the better they sound . They are a disgrace .
 the vines are a copy of nirvana god could they take any melodies from nirvana and try to make them their own , my answer is noi bought this album listen to ten minutes then turned it off and went and got a refundedcraig nicholas the wacky lead singer trying to outspace kurt cobain as the hectic singer but failing miserbly and looking stupid god he ca n't sing he just screams ... and his lyrics well i do n't need to say a word ... just because he wears a green cardy got the same face as kurt and he thinks he 's a genius HMMM no to be a genius you got to have talent and craig you have no talentthe vines are as bad as silverchair at being a nirvana copycat band
 Unlike Creed 'n Bizkit , whose middle name is `` innovation , '' these guys just do n't carry on the torch of rock 'n roll like they lay claim to . Now , do n't get me wrong , this record does have its moments of Seattle-like soundz . However , the lameness on this record far outweights the rockin ' moments , like when they try to be the next Beatles or something . Trust me , music fans , if they want to try and emulate anybody , it should n't be the overrated Beatles . Rather , they should take a cue from strong-rock gods Creed 'n Bush , and mold their sound to fit New-Age grunge , a favorite genre of mine.Another concern I have is this
 anytime a band gets hailed as saviors of rock , they 're bound to let you down . this album is 80 % hype , 20 % quality . listen to BONA ROBA -LRB- bonaroba.net -RRB- for some straight up rock n roll , minus the hype .
 The Vines have a groovy bassist . I 'll give them that . Other than the cool bass lines there is not much to say . The melodies are so similar to the beatles that hardly any credit can be given to The Vines for originality.The Vines blend in some grunge tones into their music . That is when it gets annoying . The singer will be singing then he 'll burst out screeching like he has a hot coal in his underwear . The singer often sounds too similar to Marilyn Manson . That is not a good thing if you want to be a indie rock band.The Factory is the only song that I enjoyed . I will warn you not to buy this cd because these guys just ar n't top notch . Do n't be a sheep that gave into all the marketing tricks .
 How can the future of rock be a band that sounds too much like other -LRB- not so good -RRB- bands ? I am getting tired of all of these whiny little teenage garage bands ! Does n't anyone out there know how to read and write music anymore ? If you do n't beleive me , look at how many used copies are for sale already on this website !
 Australia can do better than this . If you 're buying this album for the single `` Get Free , '' get albums by groups like Girls vs. Boys first ; they had a similar but superior sound in the early 90 's . I 'm all for this rock revival with groups like The Hives and The Strokes but this is not it .
 the main thing that the Vines debut , ` Highly Evolved ' gets slammed for the most is its lack of cohesion . if you ask me , as long as there is a great collection of songs who cares if they do n't flow together -LRB- people listen to the radio do n't they -RRB- . anyway since this a song oriented album i 'll give you a song oriented review .1 . Highly evolved - Quick , slightly grungy , and wonderful . Alice in chainsy vocals2 . Autumn shade - slower ballad , cool lead guitar and background vox3 . Outtathaway - a hives esque guitar riff sweet chorus and solo4 . Sunshinin - 60 's vocals and beats with a modern guitar tone . i do n't like it that much kind of annoying5 . Homesick - reminds me of the vines cover of the beatles ' `` i 'm only sleeping `` 6 . Get free - the single you 've probably already heard . the most rockin ' song on the album . i love the bridge .7 . Country yard - reminds me of their fellow aussies Silverchair but if they played britpop8 . Factory - the verses are beatle-istic but the chorus is all nirvana , great song9 . In the jungle - song starts off w / a simple riff that reminisent of Blue oyster cult 's `` do n't fear the reaper `` then drops to a droning interlude , song finshes with a solo complete w / hand claps10 . Mary jane - spacey ballad definitely british kind of pink floyd i guess11 . Ai n't no room - awesome rocker kicks up the adreline after mary jane12 . 1969 - i was a little disapointed with this closer it pretty boring and drags on for a long time . kind of like of mary jane with their amps turned upi like their rockers better than their slower stuff w / the exception of Homesick . my favorite tracks are get free and highly evolved . this is a solid debut and i hope the vines keep evolving .
 I have tried over seven times to hear the supposed genius in this record . As someone that has thoroughly enjoyed the Strokes , White Stripes and Hives retro-70 's cool revival , I picked up Highly Evolved with quite a lot of anticipation.You know that guy , every clique seems to have one , that is always around , always needs help with something that the group lets hang with them but the individual never really adds anything to the group ? That is what The Vines , ` Highly Evolved ' reminds me off . The record runs like a kaliedescope of bands the Vines want to pay homage too however there is n't anything contributed that is unique to the Vines . And I am telling you you will hear dozens of familiar sounds in a record that struggles to crack a thirty minute play length . Many have called them Nirvana plagarists but in the Vines single , ` Get Free ' i am reminded more of Buckcherry . Elsewhere we find that vocalist , Craig Nichols like to use that same distorted-harmony style that will sound like Stone Temple Pilots and ` The Factory ' could have been lifted directly from the outtakes of Blur 's ` Parklife ' . This magical carpet ride of covers , styles , and familiar sounds seems is if it could be fun , but it just is n't . As a listener , i leave -LRB- often before the cd is over -RRB- the album feeling unsatisfied and even more , cheated with the unexplainable urge to brush my teeth , clean out my ears or just make sure I am more choosy about the discs , I pick up in the future.There are hints here , though , that given time to mature the Vines sound might become highly evolved . Right now , it is n't even if the rock promotion machine is .
 How could you like this band or record ? It 's terrible . There 's no singing , just lots of annoying screaming . The band members seem very young , yet they dress like they 're living in the 70 's . It 's pitiful , and halarious as well . Do n't buy this album , check out some real rock 'n' roll like Stereomud , InMe , Primer 55 , or the Dirty Americans . Do n't waste your time ... and please do n't buy that ugly Vines t-shirt from Hot Topic .
 If one were to read all of the rave reviews of The Vines in `` magazines '' such as New Musical Express -LRB- NME -RRB- and Q , he would think that these amateurs were the `` saviours '' of rock music and the damned greatest thing since Nirvana . However , beyond the simplistic retread melodies and Craig Nicholls ' indiscernable voice , there 's nothing to this album . A one-and-a-half minute song about nothing , a two-minute radio hit , a bunch of filler , and a few Nirvana-isms thrown in for nostalgia do not a great album make . I 've begun to think that the music press no longer cares about a band 's music but instead focuses on its appearance and its coolness -- after all , NME praised The Strokes because they were `` so cool , '' and Rolling Stone dedicated a paragraph to The Strokes ' `` New York cool . '' And they rave about these bands and about bands such as Oasis even though their lyrics are banal to the Nth degree and their music has no message . With regard to The Vines and their garage contemporaries -LRB- The White Stripes , The Hives , The Strokes , et al -RRB- , I do n't care that they are revivalist , that they are `` retro , '' that they sound like Nirvana , that they are cool , that they are supposedly good-looking , or that they are `` saviours '' of some sort . Their music is trite and tired , and their originality is lacking -- their acclaim does not prove that they are as good as Nirvana or any other garage band , it just displays the massive nostalgia felt by the music community for bands of the Nirvana mold . Do n't waste your time with this , go listen to something more original like Queens of the Stone Age , Wilco , The Cranberries , or Boards of Canada ...
 If The Vines are representative of Australian rock to the rest of the world then I think Australian rock is going to slip further into oblivion . This album is downright HORRIBLE ! It brings new meaning to the word NOISE ... Do n't get me wrong i love rock but this is rock at its worst ... a pale hybrid of what real music should be
 Calling a band the `` saviour of rock '' a strong thing to say , and in this case , it 's also ridiculous ... not to say this band is bad , because they are not . But I did n't find their music that appealing or anything that I could really call fantastic . `` Get Free '' definently interested me and suited my tastes , but the rest of album just did n't appeal to me nor amaze me in any sort of way . However , I 'm sure there are people out there who will like this album more then I did.Lots of bands have been popping up , and if you do n't particurally like The Hives , then listen to The Strokes . They are , simply , a flat out awesome band and my favorite of the bunch .
 oh my god . if you like this album , then i 'm sorry.in fact , i do n't know why i 'm even writing to you . you are beyond hope , and i do n't think communication is truly possible.so i 'm giving up . i 'm abandoning you to the hordes of others like you who listen to the worst music ever made .
 Allright , I gave this album one star to be nice , because I think they tried ... I think . I dont get how people can say Get Free is a good song . The only decent song on this album is Outtatheway . This is not the future of rock , but a giant step back . First off , the lead singer needs to put down what ever it is he is on , and pick up his guitar , then learn to play it . Some singing classes could help too . I personally dont find it entertaining to see someone whacked off his mind trying to cause child like scenes and outbursts to sell records . I find it very sad , and I feel sorry for people that walk around with their album in a little cd wallet and argue that this is worth paying for ...
 I heard the raves about The Vines -LRB- on the radio , Rolling Stones article -RRB- and decided to purchase this album . I read how the lead singer wants to compare himself to Kurt Cobain . Well , this album is nothing like Grunge Rock . And the lead singer is no Cobain . The Vines do not sound like a garage band . They sound and appear to be an exact replica of what producers and record execs want -- clean , boring , pseudo-angst driven . But then again , the album 's graphic designs should hint at that . What do you think the target age group here is ?? There 's none of Grunge 's sensitive introspection and emotion here . This album as well as the whole new ` Brit-Pop sound ' is a complete laugh , and so are the comparisons to a former Northwestern Grunge music.If you want to listen to garage-style music , try something else . If you want Grunge , try the Nixons , Replacements , Vaselines , Melvins , Alice , Tad , Mudhoney , Sebadoh , Soundgarden , Nirvana , etc. , not this .
 Are you kidding me ? I picked this cd up because I heard it was similar to The Hives . Boy , what a mistake . Ok , Get Free is tolerable , but the rest is garabage . They 'll be gone in few months , if that .
 No , this will not do at all . I have been deceived . The music press hailed the Vines as fresh and interesting . I found them worn out and unlistenable . A tired Nirvana re-tread leaning way more to the Pearl Jam / Soundgarden end of the continum than I can stomach . No swagger or irony whatsoever and very dated . The Vines sound like a midlevel bar band from your town that listen to too much Toad the Wet Sprocket and Stone Temple Pilots . Yawn and move on .
 They should of lowered its price -LSB- even more -RSB- . This band has nodirection . The kickoff song had promise , the rest just died . They are out of time , their chord changes were slow and sloppy . They need some work , and their song writing skills need a massive upgrade . Just goes to show , record companys will signup anybody if you front them the money . Hey record company , I got a Bulldog who snores out a pretty good tune . Save your bucks and spend it on Coors and the twins .
 Oh , my bad , it 's just another wannabee . Please do n't buy into the hype . I did , and am regretting my ... loss . I bought this album without a listen , and I vow never to do that again . I could have popped Bleach into the CD player and had a much more enjoyable , and original listen , not to mention saved -LSB- money -RSB- . Before arguing , please listen to `` Blew '' on Bleach , and then `` Get Free '' , the first single by the Vines , and then talk to me.This is not terrible song writing , but just not original , and not all that exciting . The future of rock 'n roll ? , I hope not . In the same order , I spent -LSB- money -RSB- on the EP by Interpol , and found much more to enjoy in those 3 songs than the entire album by the Vines . Sorry to be the rotten apple . If you do n't own it , i 'd recommend Bleach by Nirvana before buying this one .
 My limited knowledge of astronomy and physics has left me with the understanding that a black hole is a star that has collapsed into itself . As a result , the black hole has negative mass . If that is the case , I think that Amazon should take a cue from the world of astronomy and allow buyers to rate recordings with negative stars , as they would be the rating equivalent of a black hole . Certainly , few recent recordings are more worthy of , oh say , -5 stars than `` Highly Evolved . '' -LRB- Not to mention the fact that the title is an oxymoronic misnomer of the highest order . -RRB- `` Highly Devolved '' is more like it - like back to 1994 . Please , oh please , do not carelessly lump The Vines in with The Strokes or The White Stripes . Julian & Company and Jack & Meg write and perform songs that are far superior , and The Hives run laps around these guys all day long.The Vines ? Try The Withering Vines.Or maybe Silverchair II .
 I had heard this band a few times on the radio and wondered who turned the dial back to 1995 , and that was before the hype onslaught began.But seriously , this band is energetic , but far from original . I have alot of CDs from bands who do this better . Besids who wants rock that is so over-produced . That is one fancy garage they play in . From this past year , if you want something new AND good , check out McLusky or The Hot Snakes .
 I 'm not a big fan of slow songs , and when I bought this CD I was expecting to hear energetic songs like `` Get Free '' and `` Highly Evolved . '' I listened to it about 13 times and after that I could n't stand the CD and got rid of it . How can they be compared to Nirvana ? The only song that slightly sounds like Nirvana is `` In the Jungle '' but other than that . . no . I do n't suggest buying this CD , unless you 're a fan of The Strokes -LRB- maybe -RRB- . Or listen to it in the store , but I suggest listening to the whole album before buying it .
 This band honestly only has 2 or 3 songs on the album that are listenable and they rip so blatantly off nirvana its sad . Ripping off nirvana does n't make you a visionary - it makes you silverchair . Half the rest of the songs on the album are slow rhythmless dirges lending a complete lack of cohesiveness to the album . The lyrics make litte or no sense and all the vocalist does is scream on the faster tracks or warble incomprehensibly on the slow tracks . The guitarist is trash and the bassist is worse . THe album sounds like it was recorded in my basement . THE most overhyped album of the year . Noone in this band has any musical talent . Rock is dead . If you want Rock 'N Roll with some balls buy `` Appetite for Destruction '' by Guns 'N Roses since that was the last real rock album that had coherent lyrics .
 Everything else aside , there is n't much depth to this album . Forget about the fact that they sound vaguely reminiscent of The Beatles and Nirvana and whoever else you want to throw in . Forget about Get Free , and the fact that they 're Australian . Take all that out , and what 's left ? A scattered collection of a dozen songs that sound nice ? Sorry guys , you 're gon na have to do better than that . I know it 's been said before but ... there really is n't any cohesion here . Song follows song with nothing to seperate them except a few seconds of silence . Not to mention the fact that there 's not really any depth to the songs . Some songs are distorted and angry , some are quiet and pretty . Singer/songwriter Craig Nichols is angry -LRB- at least some of the time -RRB- , but angry at what ? Do n't know , well , neither does he , so he just sort of wails and growls his way through the headbangers on this album , throwing a hissy fit in everything that gets in his way . The quiet pretty songs are , well ... quiet and pretty . Yep . That 's about it . Nichols sings about things like autumn shade and being away from home , which , while making for nice song titles , are n't particularly engaging to listen to.The real tragedy here , though , is not a whiny Australian singing about factories . The real tragedy , is that the Vines actually have some talent . Interestingly enough , that talent actually shines through at moments on the album . Which only makes it more frusterating when the band launches into a number like `` Sunshinin ' '' . This can be attributed to the fact that Nichols is apparently more interested in acting like a troubled genius than actually being one . Overall , Highly Evolved is not a particularly standout album , though it does have it 's moments . Songs like `` Country Yard '' , and the title track , show what this band is capable of , and it 's fairly impressive ...
 After all the years Glenn Tipton has played in Judas Priest , I expected something more varied and interesting from one of metal 's legendary guitarists.All you get are rehashed , second-rate riffs complete with requisite creepy/goofy vocals . It sounds as though he might have a decent singing voice , if only he 'd sung in a normal register . You largely get the same guitar tone throughout and most songs scoot along at the same tempo . A little acoustic guitar or piano -LRB- which he does play -RRB- , would have broken up the monotony and made for a much more interesting album . He 's a much better player and writer than this release would lead you to believe.This is not the least bit interesting and certainly not representative of his best work . It 's definitely not worth your time or money . Glenn , do n't give up your day job ...
 Too much of a disco vibe . Does n't deliver on the promise of `` Higher State of Consciousness . ''
 It 's albums like this that lead people to conclude that electronica is a plague sent by gawd .
 Yes , it is . Horror piled on horror
 kinky time signatures . we know 'em , we love 'em , we may 've even charted out a genealogy running from 70 's guitar solos by Zappa , by Fripp ... with a detour thoo * gasp * 2112 by the Canuck power trio with the Ayn Rand fetishes ... into the mid .80 's and Throwing Muses ' debut of all things to so.called `` Math Rock '' proper , a road running softly through Louisville -LRB- Slint -RRB- , loudly through Richmond -LRB- Breadwinner -RRB- and , um , Elsewhere -LRB- Don Cab -RRB- . reached Critical Mass sometime in the mid .90 's in the City of Chicago . Supine to Sit , hailing from the thereabouts of the Pacific Northwest , have a genealogy of their own and , if there was no particular reason to expect great things , we expected something at least Engaging . what we 're left with , however , is a perfectly unsatisfying meal of canned `` passion '' -LRB- in the vocals an ' lyrics department -RRB- and the becoming-rote gestures that result from technically-gifted musicians entering the studio without a strong idea , without a strong Vision . in short , these guys can do better -LRB- and given the background of the individuals involved , perhaps * much * better -RRB- . i remain hopeful .
 My toddler son really loves the Truck and Motorcycle videos , which have a great deal of action and keep his interest all the way through . I thought he would surely enjoy `` There Goes a Boat '' . Unfortunately , he lost interest almost immediately . So much of the video is spent either inside the boats -LRB- technical-type stuff , which went right over my son 's head -RRB- or with Dave/Becky goofing around -LRB- which I found particularly excessive in this video -RRB- . I think he would have preferred some speedboats or more `` out and about on the water '' scenes . Overall , a dull choice compared to others in the series , although older children may find the technical information interesting .
 This video was n't nearly as good as the Firetruck , train , or bulldozer videos . Dave needs to stop trying to be so entertaining and be a little more informative .
 On the one hand , this was a historical and diverse look at drag in video over the past few decades . On the other hand , this is some cheesy disc that one can see , but not hear , in any noisy gay male bar . The music consists of watered-down house and predictable techno . Fans of the film `` Priscilla
 Great CD if you can find it had a hard time with this seller not having the right CD
 Much as I tried to like this cd , there are really only about 2 or 3 songs that are worthy in my opinion . I was turned on to this one because I heard `` Breathe Me '' on the finale of `` Six Feet Under '' . Coupled with the exiting montage it was an excellent choice and I do like the song by itself , but the rest of this album just is n't as interesting . The repetitive lyrics make it downright irritating to listen to , and if you 're gon na repeat the same line 16 times you really better be able to sing the heck out of it . Sia just does n't pull of the gospelly thing ; she exudes a forced soulfulness . The album is just a little too drowsy for my tastes as well . I expected more of a sonic treat , with cooler samples and more ambience than brood , but it instead fell a little flat . At this import price too , it 's hard to justify .
 I ordered this CD , then received notice that it was not available and no additional copies would be arriving . Ended up getting it off Itunes , so that 's the better way to go for stuff like this . I love the music , however !
 I hear this album in FYE and a few songs on her myspace , and was disappointed . i was expecting a zero 7 with a little twist , but only got her voice . her voice is , without a doubt , one of the most amazing voices ever . its melodic and smooth like audio coffee ... or audio hot chocolate . but her voice is best complimented by Zero 7 's music . i 'm still confused as to why they have n't joined forces . they 're like peas and carrots -LRB- u know this , if u 've heard any of zero 7 's albums -RRB- and this album is like peas and ... brussel sprouts . its like ... huh ? with the wrong music , her voice gets annoying-fast .
 I expected more from such a soulful vocalist . This album does her no justice . The music is poppy and the vocals are sometimes too soft and muffled to the point where it sounds like she is not even opening her mouth . It gets annoyingly whiney at certain points . I was not pleased at all . I hope she picks it up a bit next time . Her stuff with Zero-7 was much more enjoyable and emphasized the potential in her vocal style .
 I really had hope for this album , i really did . But i found it to be drab , lacking any noticable beat or melody , and most of all whiney , without depth , such a disapointment ... . if you are looking for intresting vocal work as sia has done with zero 7 ... it is not here .
 There is only one good song on this entire album , and that was Breathe Me.And whoever told this woman that she could sing should maybe be shot.Her voice is breathy , whiny and overall pretty annoying . I 'm a little offended they compared her to such great artists as Fiona Apple and Imogen Heap .
 I work at a bookstore that is required by home office to play this album . It is so bad that I was compelled to come here and tell you about it . I do n't even know where to begin ... let 's see , how about her ` singing ' voice . Best compared to a harmonica played through your nose -LRB- listen to the ` big ' note in the song Hush if you do n't know what that sounds like . You 'll know which one it is , as she sings it about 80 times -RRB- . Her voice is amateur at best , infuriating at worst -LRB- which is most of the time -RRB- . The lyrics ? How about fifth generation Jewel meets Fiona Apple . If that sounds like praise , it is n't . It is very much open mic night type stuff , the kind of bad writing that will strain your eye muscles as you 're likely to roll them at least fifty times during the course of the album . `` She makes him sweet po-tat-o ... '' `` How can she become the psychic that she longs to be to understand him ? '' Ever hear a run-on sentence in a song ? You will . Those are just two gems . I 'd give you more , but half the time she sings with an incoherent mush-mouth . Self-important and humorless . This is very , very bad stuff . You will wonder why someone this talentless could get a record contract . Even more , you will wonder about the musical taste of anyone who gave this album a good review . Please clean out your ears and look up the word ` tone-deaf ' in the dictionary . Forward this information to Sia before she makes another album .
 Try to do more horrible cd than this?It is not easy if you can play instruments .
 This 3-CD set actually only includes 16 live tracks from a 1989 bootlegged tape that have been around in various disguises already . The remaining tracks are equally bad reproductions of some of Willie 's Late 50 's / Early 60 's recordings - so even the title `` Live '' is misleading . All over , the sound quality is poor & I deeply regret having spent money on this trash.The bootleg album of the 1989 concert is available at lots of record stores for pennies , and even these no-name things sounded better than this dreadful collection which does n't even include a booklet or a single piece of information !
 Another greatest hits , except this one is called Definitive Collection.They just keep spitting these greatest hits out and people keep buying the same songs , over and over again .
 The band `` Foreigner '' produced great ALBUM rock . As has been put down before , a serious problem with these compilations is that whichever one you get , even if it 's a 2-Cd set , you will be missing essential songs . Buy one compilation , and songs `` A '' , `` B '' , and `` C '' are excluded . Buy another compilation which has songs `` A '' and `` B '' , and it will not have song `` C '' plus 3 others you like.If you do n't want to spend the `` big '' bucks for ALL the `` good '' `` Foreigner '' albums in order to get their good stuff , then for about 18 bucks TOTAL including the shipping just get the 4 essential albums , `` Foreigner '' , `` Double Vision '' , `` Head Games '' , and `` 4 '' and you will be set!Just think of it as buying two double-CD compilation albums . With ALL the good ones , plus several cool bonus tracks!As I said , in any Foreigner compilation , even if they come out with 10 more `` Ultimate '' `` Final '' , `` Absolutely ESSENTIALLY Definitive '' , `` All-Inclusive '' , `` Greatest of the Greatest '' , `` Bestest Of The Best '' compilations , you 'll miss out on several great songs , AT LEAST . If you get `` Foreigner '' , `` Double Vision '' , `` Head Games '' and `` 4 '' you 'll be missing maybe ONE truly good song ... `` I Wan na Know What Love Is '' ... which has been overplayed to the point where I almost do n't even like it anymore -LRB- really , how about you ? -RRB- . Just tune into any classic rock radio station for an hour or so if you need to hear THAT song . Again . They will probably play it twice . But when was the last time you heard their only instrumental , `` Tramontane ? '' Or , how much would it bother you to have bought TWO compilation best-of albums with no `` STARRIDER '' on either one?If you spend about 18 bucks -LRB- or LESS -RRB- for `` Foreigner '' , `` Double Vision '' , `` Head Games '' and `` 4 '' you will be getting much , much more than ANY compilation can ever bring to you AND you will be getting many many OTHER great songs no one will ever put on any compilation , even though they are truly great songs . AND , the good thing is that you will have about 98 % of the songs on the compilations anyway!The band `` Foreigner '' produced great ALBUM rock . Their songs were introduced to the public primarily on AOR -LRB- Album Oriented Rock -RRB- stations , rather than am-radio Top-40 . They made great ALBUMS . Buy those 4 albums , and keep it simple , and never need to get another -LRB- or any -RRB- Foreigner compilation again . Just be done with it and get only 2 more cd 's than the `` Ultimate '' best-of set . 4 Cd 's and you are done.There . Keep it simple , and snicker -LRB- politely , to yourself -RRB- when you go to your friends ' house and they have 6 INCOMPLETE compilation albums , while hoping that ONE DAY `` they '' -LRB- whoever `` they '' are -RRB- will come up with a compilation of ALL the good stuff . If you absolutely HAVE to hear `` I Wan na Know What Love is '' or `` Say You Will '' for the 9 millionth time , and do n't have a radio , borrow one of your friends ' `` Ultimate , Final , Absolute , Essential , Greatest , Compleat , Best , Ultimate Part II , compilations . In the meantime , please , do n't skimp on Foreigner and try to cover the bases with some two Cd compilation set ... simply get only two more and have ALL the good ones . PLUS you get a bunch of really cool bonus tracks , like the DEMO for `` Feels Like The First Time . '' Do n't cheat yourself .
 Like sheep to the slaughter , many 70 's Yes fans continue to buy every new release since the dubious Drama album with the increasingly faint hope that the band has recovered its musical idealism . The blade of disappointment falls on us every time . One would be hard pressed to find a band that has divided its fan base the way Yes has . Newer fans will argue that there 's nothing wrong with a Yes that abides by the changing fashions and sounds of the 80 ` s and 90 's , and that change is good . Is that a good enough reason for change ? Was n't classic Yes the product of integrity in search of novelty and originality , of never forsaking quality and ideas for trends ? `` Open Your Eyes '' is a slap in the face of those who hoped the band for once would cut the bull and return to serious music-making instead of MOR radio-catering . Although Trevor Rabin does n't play , ever since he was allowed to stick his fingers in the pie the music has been perfectly insipid , although some would say modern . Amazingly , the rest of the band are still under the spell or on equally daft trips of their own . Anderson is now a grating figure with his puerile lyrics and simplistic melodies while the others , including the once respectable Howe , play music for teens , technically challenging no doubt , but bereft of any inventiveness or ambition . How did so much damage ever take place ? As Lennon once said of his band , the dream is over .
 I 'm a very old fan of Yes `` Best Progressive '' Band . When I listened to Keys to Ascension I and II , I thought Yes was Being the One again . The two new musics Be the One and That , That is are great , the live version of Awaken was perfect . So I bought the Open Your Eyes without second thought and when I got home and listen to it , I was frustrated . It seams that Rick Wakeman is responsible for all of it . Why ?? He is not there ...
 This album , while being very good compared to any other band , only gets two stars when compared to other Yes . Since the loss of Trevor Rabin , Rick Wakeman and/or Tony Kaye , Yes has struggled to stay fresh wihout losing their style of making great music ... yet i think this album falls flat when compared to the albums Talk and Union .
 The diehard fan should make this their very last Yes purchase , and newbies should stay far , FAR away from this disc.You 'd feel ripped off if you stole it . The opening cut , `` New State Of Mind '' has some stellar vocal harmonies and very Yes-like lyrics , but even this standout track lacks in many areas , subtle production being one area . The vocals are so stacked they wobble . It 's cheesy 80 's rock feel does n't help.It obviously sounds like they tried to overproduce to compensate for a lack of strong material , and believe me you 'll notice . Not even Duran Duran needed this much gloss.Overall their most bland and lifeless effort .
 I 'll keep this brief . After reading the reviews of this cd here , and realizing that I had n't listened to this disappointing release in a while , I went back and tried to give it another listen . I 'm still really underwhelmed . Other than the first two tracks , on which Anderson/Howe make a serious contribution , the rest of the work is uninspired , tedious and not Yes-like at all . Given that this album was really a Squire/Sherwood collaboration , this is n't surprising ; however , some of the material is just awful . `` Man in the Moon '' makes my skin crawl , and the seriously insipid lyrics of `` No way we can lose '' are just intolerable . Unfortunate , coming from my long-time favorite band ...
 This CD is a typical `` get a few good songs and a lot of boring filler '' recording . If you ca n't write enough interesting songs to make up an entire CD , then do n't release a CD with a lot of boring material . Great musicianship does n't compensate for uninteresting/boring songs . It 's sad to hear such talented musicians produce a CD with a bunch of -LRB- yawn -RRB- boring , forgetable songs .
 If you thought 1980 's Drama was a Yes low-point , then you have n't heard Open Your Eyes . It features what could possibly be the worst song ever written , `` Wonderlove . '' After listening to this I went scrambling for Drama to hear how good a bad Yes record can actually be . Even worse than Union . Who knew THAT was possible ?
 1997 and Yes having re-established the classic line up fell prey to management foul ups yet again -LRB- a strong manager is what the band needed -RRB- and Wakeman , frustrated , called it a day for the second time . The album is a travesty of poor arranging , uninspired songs and added contribuions by Howe and Anderson far too late to save this from being a weak album . To me Yes im -LSB- loded in 1979 and have never got near former glories , even 90125 was an ok album saved by OOALH itself a riposte to Heat Of The Moment by ASIA . I 've seen Yes severtal times , Anderson is rigfht to retire , the 35th Anniversary tour showed time has caught up with them , particularly Howe who hit so many bum notes at the Brighton Magnification show it was sad . The fire is all but out , do n't buy this it is rubbish , go and get CTTE , Fragile , GFTO , these show up this album for the impostor it is .
 Listening to this CD is like eating fast food
 As a long-time fan who appreciates `` classical '' Yes and `` Rabined '' Yes , I was very underwhelmed by this release . Each piece sounds like the one just before it , especially on the vocals . Try listening for the melody on any song -LRB- except the title track , which does carry quite well -RRB- -- the subtle complexities they 're known for are missing.Yes ' trademarks -- and the reason most pieces are still relevant today -- are songs that build , that drive emotion , that leave you wanting for more . It 's not here . Let 's hope that the next release bears more fruit and fewer pits .
 I have been a hardcore Yes fan for 28 years . This cd is garbage . I am sorry i purchased it . It is boring , unimaginative and doesnt even sound like it was recorded well . I would rather listen to the Spice girls than `` open your eyes '' . And I Never listen to the spice girls .
 I am a longtime Yes-fan and bought this cd because Steve Howe was back where he belonged . Well . I suppose one can hear Steve 's guitar through the cacaphony -LRB- sp ? -RRB- of over-produced noise on this BUSY recording , but it could as well have been a computer doing it all . The album seems to have great energy and a `` freshness '' , yet it is more of a caffeine/sugar-high kind of sound that took me nowhere fast . Yes sounds like a huge corporate power here , and that 's not Yes for me . I sold the thing for four bucks to a used cd store . Oh well !
 Yes at their best are a highly talented , innovative and inspirational ensemble . * None * of that is present here , not one iota.The sound of this album is distinctly AOR tinged , as have all their releases since ' 90125 ' . Unlike ' 90125 ' , the pop-oriented song writing on this release is exceptionally poor , and sounds completely uninspired . If you want to listen to well written pop rock , you wo n't find it here -LRB- check out Dave Matthews Band , Sting or something else -RRB- . If you want to listen to prog-rock , right band , wrong album!On one level , I felt this was like Yes ' answer to Jethro Tull 's ` Under Wraps ' , not in term of musical style , but in term of final effect on the listener !
 ... and realized that this album is basically a mess . Written and recorded primarily by Chris Squire and Billy Sherwood , Open Your Eyes shows a confused group haphazardly making an album in order to go on tour and hoping that the music finds an audience . I rarely criticize Yes albums too harshly but nearly three years since I first heard it , it 's a challenge to listen to the whole thing all the way through . There are a few good songs -LRB- `` Open Your Eyes '' , `` Universal Garden '' -RRB- and some good musical passages -LRB- bass line to `` Fortune Seller '' -RRB- but there are more than a few out-and-out duds on this album . My two star review is being generous . An album for completists only or fans of 80 's AOR .
 I have loved this band for over 15 years , have seen them a number of times live , have many members solo works and am obviously a big fan - this is why this album is such a diappointment . People with this level of talent can do more than this !! Actually , I clearly understand where this is coming form - slated to be a Chris Squire/Billy Sherwood solo album but record company noticed YES was once again coming back to the fold and they wanted a new product . So throw on some Steve Howe overdubs -LRB- some of the worst playing he has ever done ... -RRB- and some Jon Anderson vocals -LRB- then again Jon is ALWAYS wanting to put his vocals here there and everwhere - god love 'em ! -RRB- and you have a YES album -LRB- well ... not really -RRB- . From a band who have had the most creative cover art - the cover stinks ! But it clearly reflects the music - basic and boring . The only standouts for me are OPEN YOUR EYES , MAN IN THE MOON , WONDERLOVE , LOVESHINE and FORTUNE SELLER . The rest of the tracks are ... . NO WAY WE CAN LOSE is LIFT ME UP with a poor facelift , SOMEDAY is obviously a throwback from Jon Andersons Promise Ring solo project , and NEW STATE OF MIND sounds like a leftover from the TALK sessions.I am a YES fan and if you are too you will want this for your collection , even though you 'll be programing out half the tracks on your CD player . If you 're a novice to the wonderful world of YES music I suggest you buy THE LADDER , CLOSE TO THE EDGE , FRAGILE THE YES ALBUM , 90125 or GOING FOR THE ONE to get a proper perspective of this band and their talent.oh yeah - hidden track . look for it you nature fans ...
 Yes have tried to write a 1980s AOR radio friendly CD about 15 years to late . This is not progressive rock , nor is it good mainstream pop . As mainstream pop it is equally a failure . There is nothing here of currency whatsoever and shows no awareness of current popular music trends.As usual the playing is solid but that is of no consequence when the song writing is pitiful , the arrangements are dull and the direction of the song is so painfully out of touch with everything.Yes as a useful musical entity emitted their last breath of high quality music a long time ago . Living up to their own heritage will forever be difficult . By persisting with recording feeble , weak and pointless new material they devalue their overall artistic worth as a whole.Yes should disband permanently . Give up , it 's over !
 This album was an obvious attempt to get some radio airplay and it finds Yes playing some eighties-like commercial rock . It makes you wonder if these guys are even aware of what 's commercial nowadays . This is a pointless collection of bad pop songs unworthy of the name Yes . You even wonder if Steve Howe is playing on this album . The songs were mostly written by bassist Chris Squire and new member Billy Sherwood , with Anderson adding his voice later on . A lifeless , overproduced mess , this is exactly the kind of stupid move that has characterized Yes since the late 80 's . No wonder they 've lost so many fans .
 I just wanted to like this cd when it came out , but it was horrid . Too much Billy Sherwood and Chris Squire in the music writing , when they were never really the heavy duty songwriters for the group . Songs are weak , sound rushed and half put together ... they geniunely sound like DEMO 'S . FROM THE BALCONY sounds like it could have been a song by YES if they spent more than five minutes doing it . Rick Wakeman said of this era of YES ' I just do n't think they are putting the time into the music that YES music deserved ' Of course , he was not in YES and did n't spend anytime on the recording . Then again , he was right . Rushed and non polished YES is what this is . Sounds more like material that YES might bring to the studio to work on a CD . Maybe the name of the CD should be ` Open your Ideas ' I hate being negative , but Yes helped themselves out a bit with thier next release THE LADDER , which was more thought out and better . Then they really scored big time with the release MAGNIFICATION , and that was a great return to forum . This CD , OYE is for completist only .
 The first post-Rabin studio album , found Yes in a creative crisis of some sort , very much evident here.Gone are the fantastic interplay of the past , or even the harder edge of the eighties . There are far too few inspired moments , and too much confusion regarding the style , putting their music in a creative limbo .
 This was such a disappointing album that I really was afraid I had lost my beloved Yes , whom I have followed for 30 years . But then , BANG ! The Ladder came out . Thank GOD , Yes is still here . It is truly amazing that the same group of guys can , after 30 years , produce one of their worst albums and then recover , and on the very next album , give us one of their best . You may want to buy both just to compare them . Unbelievable .
 This has to be the WORST Yes album to date . After Union and Talk I had lost faith in Yes being able to actually come with anything interesting anymore . But then Keys I and II came out and while the new studio material on Keys I was not that great , Keys II offered up the strongest Yes material since Big Generator and 90125 . This album , however , does not follow in the footsteps of Keys 2 at all . Instead of songs with substance , we get songs without direction . I literally can not recommend one good song on this album . The songs are simply awful.As much as I think Trevor Rabin began to swamp the Yes sound by the time Talk came out , I would n't mind having him back to restore a sense of power and melody back to the band .
 nine months ago i bought this cd , i have tried to listen to it and maybe get used to it , and maybe like it . i still hate it . i have been a yes fan since 1970 , and sometimes i had to listen to their music a few times to learn to appreciate it , and i love it all , , exept this . open your eyes is trash trash trash . . this is the most noisy yet BORING recording i have ever heard . the fact that is was done by my favorite band of all time , only dissapoints me very much . IF YOU LIKE WHAT YES HAS DONE IN THE PAST - DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE . !!!
 This album just came out of nowhere , in terms of style . One of the first flags that jumps up when that happens , is the sellout flag . I love all their albums , even big generator :P But this album is just not the Yes I have come to expect . Sounds like each song tries too hard to have that proverbial `` hook '' or that proverbial toe tapping , without substance . It 's almost , echh , like pop . Can anybody find a lyrics section in No Way We Can Lose ? How about loveshine ? They 're all chorus to me . Man in the moon ? Cute , but eesh . High points
 When Yes released the Keys To Ascension cds , I thought the new material was okay . The live material definitely kicked ass . Now , with Tony or Rick nowhere to be found , Open your Eyes hits the stores and I thought it was a huge disappointment . Not because of a new keyboard player -LRB- I saw them on the VH-1 Hard Rock Cafe thing -RRB- because obviously , Igor is a great keyboard player , but Yes seem to be way past their prime . They need Trevor and either Tony or Rick back in the band . If you have n't heard this cd yet and you 're a fan of albums like Talk , 90125 , or Union , skip this one !
 Although the new sound has its moments -LRB- the first two tracks are quite excellent -RRB- , overall this album does n't live up to what YES is capable of . The lyrics are trite and vacuous to the point of absurdity ; the rhythms are often awkward and strained ; and the arrangements are so busy , so densely layered and over-layered , that there 's no room left for any single artist to showcase his talent . No solos to speak of . Jon Anderson hardly gets a single word out without a four-part harmony accompanyment on top of it -- pretty , yes , but so is Jon by himself ! Most of the songs -LRB- including the first two -RRB- start to sound the same after a few plays . And giving Sherwood credit for `` keyboards '' must be some sort of joke . Better stay in the mixing booth , Billy , and leave the music to people who can really play . It looks as though Sherwood is the main driving force behind the group 's new direction -- much like Trevor Rabin in the 80 's , but without the nice balance of creativity and pop sensibility . Sherwood essentially has one trick up his sleeve and he beats it to death over the course of 11 tracks . I 've been a fan of YES since their self-titled album in 1968 , heard every album since -- but this one just does n't make the cut .
 I 've been about as big a Yes fan as there has ever been . I do n't know the member 's middle names or birthdates but I have always appreciated their music . Open Your Eyes is not `` Yes '' music . It is Yes with the very talented Billie Sherwood . Anderson , Squire , Howe , Wakeman , Bruford and/or White is Yes . Ten and twenty minute compositions are Yes although the short pieces are great too . There was synergy there not created with other line-ups or during attemps at more mainstream rock oriented albums like Open . It 's good , it ca n't help but be good with this talent but it is n't great , which is what I always hope for and usually get with Yes . If you like Union or Talk you will probably like this album . If you think Fragile , Tales and Close To The Edge were the best rock albums ever made you 'll be very disappointed .
 I 've had this maybe around a year or so and have just listened to it twice . It 's really hard to understand why . I love 90125 and some of their other stuff , but the album 's songs are not very engaging . The songs are not bad , they just do n't grab me . Well produced , but distant . Strange album .
 After Keys II it sounded like the old magic was back , however it disappeared for this one . The songs on this disc are all over the place and dull . For some reason , Open Your Eyes just does not stirke a chord with me . I have had this for about a year , and I 've yet to listen to this all the way through .
 I 've heard all of the Yes albums , including ` Union ' and ` Big Generator ' - which were n't exactly the band 's proudest moments . ` Open Your Eyes ' manages to crash to a level beneath either of those two subpar albums , both of which did have one or two worthy songs on them.This album is a collection of songs that members were individually working on prior to Yes ' reunion in 1996 . Their latest record company pushed for a new album to be released quickly on the heels of the vastly more interesting Keys to Ascension II album . The haste and non-cohesiveness shows in this work . Jon Anderson 's lyrics are drivel , Steve Howe parts are ` cut and pasted ' into songs , rather than serving as inspired compositions . As for the keyboardist - well they did n't really have one at the time , so they flipped between session musicians.Your money is better spent elsewhere . Anyone who is used to the ` classic ' Yes sound surely wo n't find it here .
 After the incredible studio songs of keys to Ascension Vol 1 and 2 , we were waiting for something great to come out from their next cd.Surprise ! Maybe the worst Yes album since Tormato or Big Generator.Is the band out of inspiration ? Surely not , their next album , `` The ladder '' succeeded where `` Open your eyes '' failed , in the same style ... The only good track is the opening one '' `` New state of Mind '' , the rest is so-so ... I am deceive but I forgive them , they have n't deceive me very often : -RRB-
 I tend to agree that this is one of the worst Yes CDs ... OPEN YOUR EYES contains a couple of good songs . The title song is excellent - it 's got a good , driving sound . Also , `` Universal Garden '' is pretty good . Some of the songs are harmless enough - `` No Way We Can Loose '' and `` Wonderlove . '' But some songs just drone on -LRB- like `` Fortune Seller '' and `` Love Shine '' -RRB- . Also , OPEN YOUR EYES contains one of the worst Yes songs ever - `` Man on the Moon . '' `` I am the man in the moon and I hope to shine upon you very soon / Waiting in the night to bathe you all in moonlight / I am the man ... in the man . '' Yikes . Much of the writing is almost as trite.This CD is n't horrible . There just are n't any memorable songs . A couple years later , Yes made amends with THE LADDER . THE LADDER was hardly a return to `` classic-Yes '' as some claimed , but it was a more substantial effort .
 I think the trouble with this album is that is has no soul , something that never lacked in a YES album . Other problem is that the album has 74 minutes of radio-oriented songs ! Silly thing to do!Also , Steve Howe 's playing reached an all-time low here , he was obvioulsy not into the songs.Of coruse , when you 're delaing with musicians of this magnitude , you can always find one , two or three great moments . That 's all .
 A lot of Yes fans mercilessly thrashed this production , wondering where they were going with new members , guitarist/vocalist Billy Sherwood and keyboardist Igor Khoreshov . You have to understand that even a reborn band gets growing pains sometimes . Although a little lacking in divine inspiration , the songs bubble with energy and conviction . It is in their performance that this album finds its ' salvation . Title track ` Open Your Eyes ' is a powerhouse but it stumbles a little on its ' own sheer business . ` Man On The Moon ' is so different from ANY other Yes track and scores points for that very reason . ` Somehow , Someday ' is a quality facsimile of something Trevor Rabin would pen . And the nicest moment of all is the plaintive ` From The Balcony ' , rendered only by Anderson 's voice and Howe 's acoustic guitar . Sometimes the best moments of Yes are the most simple . My actual rating is 2.5 stars .
 Except for two or three good tunes on this CD , `` Open Your Eyes '' disappointed me greatly . I feel it to be Yes ' worst album since `` Tormato '' . While Chris Squire penned some of the songs on this album , his classic punching bass is , for the most part , dormant , as it was on the CD `` Talk . '' Steve Howe 's guitar wizardry is `` missing '' as well . What 's up with the CD 's final cut , `` The Solution '' ? After the initial five-plus minutes , there are about 20 minutes of near silence . I 'd rather have had more songs . This album does not possess the classic Yes sound . Yes ' newest , `` The Ladder , '' returns to form .
 With the exception of Close to the Edge -LRB- and perhaps Going for the One -RRB- Yes 's best albums always featured new artists
 Is this a joke , or what ? Yes has been one of my favorite bands for a long time and I thought the Keys albums were great . How could they make such a sloppy cd , especially less than a year after Keys 2 came out . Do us a favor , and bring back Trevor and Tony .
 This is supposed to be a Christmas album . Please explain to me why it is then appropriate to include a setting of the Pie Jesu ?!?! That is for funerals !!
 Yes deserves stars for being Yes . But this is a big disappointment given the studio work on KTA 2 . Only one killer bass riff -- is Chris getting lazy ? Too much hep yadda , not enough odd meters and fancy instumentals .
 Forget all of the hype etc. . It may be the best Yes CD in ten years , but it still falls pretty short of anything decent by this band . Dont get me wrong , I love this band . But imagine a Yes album where all members timidly hold back , and that pretty much sums this baby up . Only two decent tracks
 I saw the label on the CD and thought it was telling me the truth-that it was an album in the grain of Close to the Edge . Instead I got overblown lyrics from Jon Anderson -LRB- not that his lyrics were ever great but in this album you could just tell when he was going to sing `` love '' or `` heart '' . And Alan White 's drumming is boring and uninspired , as usual . I do n't know how people can say he is the definitive Yes drummer and Bruford was not as good . Alan White could never be half as creative as Bruford . He does just standard drumming methods . It 's like saying caffeine free diet pepsi tastes better and is more powerful than pepsi . Not to endorse Pepsi because Pepsi will kill you .
 This CD has come in several different options . There is the basic CD , and then there are different limited editions with different extras . I got the `` Limited Tour Edition '' . Mine has 2 CD 's . The first CD is the complete album with some enhanced features
 The problem with this monstrosity is that Anderson wo n't shut up for a moment . Nothing musical happens here
 This release sucks ! I have loved this band forever , there is simply no better band in the world as far as talent and progressive roots . UNTIL NOW ! I hate to say it . I still believe Steve Howe and Chris Squire are the best there is , but they are wasting thier time with this crap . Ever since ` pop metal hungry ' Trevor Rabin joined this band they lost thier edge , and thier musical souls are even now still in limbo . Although Trevor is gone , they still can not find thier way back to what made them the musical geniuses they became . YES has always been a Keyboard and guitar centric band . Although Steve has his moments in this release , it is a forced effort and not nearly up to his standards or potential . Lipstick on a pig , if you will . The Keyboards are ridiculous and so substandard for this band that I think it contributes to a release that is barely worth the flush . The moron who wrote the claim on the ` front cover sticker ' of this release should be shot . `` a Return to close to the Edge and Fragile '' , yeah right ! This is not only NOT a retun , but insults the band and the listeners who are so desperate for such a return . That statement is an outright lie . There is NOTHING in this release that is reminiscent of these great works . This guy probably never even ` listened ' to Fragile or Close to the Edge , and should return to writing reviews for mentally challenged children listening to ABBA . Do I sound a bit angy ? ... I AM ! YES is obviously struggling to reach airplay and maintain some musical respect of musicians and older fans , but this effort hardly moves into the latter 's direction . I never thought I would ever live to see the day I became critical of anything YES does , but this release is a pure and simple piece of *** on a YES scale . I would expect something like this from bands just starting out looking for AOR potential . My Suggestions ? -- Lose Igor -LRB- this horribly lame keyboard player -RRB- , and find someone with Wakeman , Moraz , or even Downes potential , and return to your roots to win back the fan favor that has got to be in a state of exodus worse than the titantic . I know the potential is there , I simply can not understand why they would want to release this crap ! DONT BOTHER WASTING YOUR MONEY ! ----------------- A Disenchanted Boston Musician
 YES is back , unfortunately it 's not with a very strong effort . This album is n't poor by any means , however it is n't a gem either . Instrumentally the musicians , as always , are very tight -LRB- in other words outstanding , as per usual -RRB- . Steve Howe has some of his best moments since the first ASIA album , Chris Squire puts on his typical brilliant performance , and Igor Khoroshev fills the keyboard spot nicely . The problems with this album are mostly lyrical . Some of the songs leave a YES fan to cry out to Trevor Rabin one thing ... `` H. . . E. . . L. . . P !!! '' This album also has the worst moments from the band since the ABWH stuff done on the YES Union album . Lastly , the recording itself is also a little flat compared to Open Your Eyes and the 2 Keys albums .
 is just a bit too popish for my tastes . Mr. Howe has lost something on this album
 This CD has come in several different options . There is the basic CD , and then there are different limited editions with different extras . I got the `` Limited Tour Edition '' . Mine has 2 CD 's . The first CD is the complete album with some enhanced features
 I tired fast of Jon Anderson 's sing-song vocals and cheesy lyrics on this cliched album . Even the best tune , Homeworld , has a vocal track that sounds a lot like other vocals by Anderson . Overall this album is entirely too rock n ' roll oriented with too much vocal emphasis . Anderson is at his best when he uses his voice like an instrument equal with the other musicians -LRB- seeClose to the Edge -RRB- not as a front man drowning out the other musician 's contributions . Especially irksome was Anderson starting out nearly every track with the same overbearing and hackneyed vocal interpretations . When he has too much to say it sounds like he is fitting the lyrics to the music with a shoehorn.Anderson is a genius but the other musicians did n't reign him in on this album and it really hurt their collective effort . Alan White does some really cliche drumming on a few tracks which will be really painful to Bill Bruford fans.Overall this feels like an Anderson solo project . But a better Anderson solo album would beOlias of Sunhillow , where Anderson sublimates his cheesy lyrics and beautifully uses his voice like a multifaceted instrument .
 Probably even worse then Open Your Eyes . Nothing but a disappointment .
 Como fan&aacute;tico de Yes , compr&eacute; el Ladder en Virgin Records en Broadway y mi primera impresi&oacute;n es que no es el Yes que todo fan espera . Mas all&aacute; de alguna melod&iacute;a bien lograda de Howe y Squire , y los vocales de Anderson , falta la exhuberancia de la m&uacute;sica de Wakeman que no han podido llenar Khoroshev y Sherwood . Excesivamente cantado -LRB- aunque abandonan los exasperantes coros perpetuos de `` Open Your Eyes '' -RRB- , no ha dejado lugar para demostrar el virtuosismo de Howe salvo en rar&iacute;simas excepciones . `` Homeworld '' y `` New Language '' quizas sean `` the best of the album '' , pero est&aacute;n muy lejos del nivel de los 2 Keys to Ascension . La primac&iacute;a en el tratamiento de los vocales por sobre las armon&iacute;as y lo musical determinan que Ladder suene excesivamente lavado y pop , y no orquestal , sinf&oacute;nico y musical como es el sonido `` Yes '' . En resumen , mejor que el aburrido `` Open Your Eyes '' , pero muy lejos del Yes cl&aacute;sico . Khoroshev y Sherwood
 The only Yes album worse than this is Tormato.There is nothing here to hold me . Only one decent , Yes-sounding moment in the entire album
 A couple of months back I saw the Yes Masterworks tour and was so impressed by the masterful playing and the stage presence of Anderson , Squire , and Co. that I decided to purchase my first new Yes CD since the mindless Big Generator.I want to preface by saying that I grew up listening to Yes music and consider myself a huge fan of this talented and inspiring group . Unfortunately , IMHO , nearly everything Yes has produced since Drama -LRB- and possibly 90125 -RRB- has been a disappointing let down -- their live performances excepted.And in keeping with this sad pattern , The Ladder proves no better than its predecessors.Homeworld starts favorably and has some good moments . Unfortunately it quickly descends into mindless pop simplicity and ends awash in Jon Anderson New Age silliness.Between the leading track and the next to last track , Yes indulge in the kind of pop music absurdity and imbecility that I 'd expect from Night Ranger or Air Supply ! And in the process , they manage to defile some of their classic material -- Anderson 's moronic reworking of We Have Heaven titled Can I ? It 's as if he 's asking , `` Can I write and play music as creatively as before ? '' I think not!There are few bright and too many uninspired moments in tracks 2 through 9 . Track 10 , titled New Language , spares this from being a completely futile effort . It 's the only track where Squire 's premier bass playing makes any sort of impact and the music retains some of its prog rock grandeur and creativity . It 's far from Starship Trooper or Awaken , but it 's at least palatable.The final track starts out with an accoustic arrangement that sounds eerily close to the beginning of I 've Seen All Good People . It 's not a bad song but its wishy-washy New Ageness makes a second listening undesirable.It 's a shame that Yes have fallen into the same pit of lack of creativity and inspiration where so many great rock groups of yesterday -LRB- ELP and Page & Plant -LRB- aka Led Zeppelin -RRB- to name two of the most noticeable -RRB- now reside.I know I 'm going to catch heat from some of you diehards out there , but I believe that being a fan means speaking out when your favorite rock band consistently puts out below par material . Yes is much better than that .
 Upon opening the information fold-out inside the case , one reads that Bruce Fairbairn , the late album 's producer , instructed the band to `` make the best Yes album you can . '' You 'd think that would go without saying . Still , it raises the question
 ... you'e going to be disappointed with The Ladder . The positive reviews you see are from 90125 ` ers -LRB- who - to be fair - really do n't know any better , -RRB- and old fans in denial . While only Homeworld shows flashes of promise , the rest of the CD is more of the same mish-mash from Jon 's new lyrical inspiration
 The problem with this monstrosity is that Anderson wo n't shut up for a moment . Nothing musical happens here
 THIS ALBUM STINKS ! IT 'S TIME TO HANG IT UP GUYS IF THIS IS THE BEST YOU CAN NOW DO . I ACTUALLY RATE THIS ALBUM AS NO STARS .
 Nothing new . Same old tired songs . Bring back Rabin ; I 'm getting sick of Howe 's twangy guitar . This CD , as well as the one before it , lacks substance . It 's a good fit for the 90s , though - a decade of poor quality in every type of rock . Maybe the next decade will have fans demanding more . Until then , do n't expect it .
 As a huge Yes fan , both old and new , I found The Ladder to be uneven . The music is great but there is no direction to it . Jon Anderson 's vocals are as good as ever but it seems not to fit . Most of the songs attempt to sound like `` classic '' Yes but the beat is all wrong . No song jumped out at me except Nine Voices , but not enough . I 'm hoping after more listening it will grow on me .
 In my opinion , The Ladder is not better than Yes 's more recent output -- AKA , Union and Open Your Eyes . Obviously , this record is not even close to the compositional standard of the classics -- AKA , Close to the Edge , Relayer , or even Drama . I personally like Tales , Going for , and Tomato , so I guess the only records below the Ladder 's creative level are IMHO the majority of Trevor Rabin records -- AKA 90128 , Talk , and Big Generator.Sorry guys , but keep working at it . And come to Atlanta sometime with your favorite lineup.Being the devil 's advocate that I am , I suppose what possibly makes this record `` their best '' would be in the quality of risk taking and the overall vision of the product . The Ladder 's production values seem more opulent in execution than any of the YES product that has gone before . It also sounds like they have enjoyed the time taken to record and mix this album -- unlike Union , for example , which was completed AFTER the band began their UNION tour.In terms of destiny , attributing excellence to The Ladder would require a suspension of critical honesty . Oh well , at least I tried ... `` Lightning Strikes '' and `` The Ladder '' strikes me as the most listenable tunes of the bunch . I suppose , I 'd like to hear these songs again in a `` Live '' or `` Best of '' compilation , one day . -LRB- Oh boy . Now I 've done it . Here comes ... Keys to the Ascension III ! -RRB-
 I saw the label on the packaging for this album and thought , `` maybe i should buy it to finally see if Yes got back to good musick '' . Instead i got an album that was not as bad as 90125 but not so great . It is n't the music itself , which is ok . Jon Anderson 's lyrics and singing just gets worse and worse and cornier and cornier . You can just tell when he is going to sing the words `` love '' or `` heart '' - not creative . Anderson 's lyrics on CTTE were much better , albeit not the greatest . And Alan White 's drumming is always rather monotonous-he always uses the same style , unable to mix anything up remotely like Bruford did . I do n't really understand people 's ability to not only call him a good drummer , but the best the band has ever had . It 's like saying the new Caffeine free diet coke is more tasty and refreshing than Coca cola Classic -LRB- sorry for the plug , Coke will kill you -RRB-
 OK . I like YES . When I started hearing their new song `` Lightning Strikes '' all over the radio , I had to get the album
 Mixing and producing is almost as great as Trevor Horn did in earlier days . Sound approaches jon & vangelis which is great . The songs are too much a clich&eacute; , in fact more than ever has been . Although I think that there are some great chord progressions , and some lyrics are OK , this is only a shadow of the great music which Yes has made before -LRB- from Fragile to TFTO -RRB- .
 As a lifelong Yes fan , it breaks my heart to write this , but it 's over for these guys.This once great band is virtually unrecognizable on this album.They mark their 30th anniversary as a band with this album , and , while they have been very erratic musically since the mid-80 's , they did produce an exellent set as recently as 3 years ago -LRB- see `` Keys to Ascension 2 '' -RRB- . Sadly , `` The Ladder '' has none of the hooks , passion , or ingenuity that has marked their best work.The songs are shallow,cliched,non-cohesive , and without conviction.Newest member Billy Sherwood -LRB- guitar -RRB- is a good producer , but mediocre on his instrument , glaringly evident on the 1st track -LRB- why would a band with Steve Howe need 2 guitarists ?! -RRB- . The songs are mostly attempts at pop , with none of the heady,multi-ethnic jazz-meets-classical-with-funky-groove explorations of their earlier work.Whatever side of the `` does Trevor Rabin belong in the band '' argument you fell on in the 80 's , you will find yourself longing for his concise songwriting talent now.After the departure of longtime keyboard great Rick Wakeman , the warm , courageous sound of `` classic '' Yes seemed gone on their previous -LRB- and even worse -RRB- effort , and this album confirms it.Perhaps most infuriating is the token odd-timed instrumental passage thrown in , seemingly to patronize fans of `` progressive '' Yes.But , ironically , as post-60 's , envelope-pushing rock makes a comeback in their homeword of Britain , these pioneers of that genre should consider retiring at ' 30 ' , and not becoming a bad joke like many of their contemporaries . -LRB- see Genesis . . !! -RRB- For you newer fans , make sure you own copies of Close to the Edge , Fragile , Relayer , or any of the classics made from '69 through Going for the One.The solo record by Anderson -LRB- Olias of Sunhillow -RRB- and Chris Squire 's Fish out of Water are also great .
 This CD has come in several different options . There is the basic CD , and then there are different limited editions with different extras . I got the `` Limited Tour Edition '' . Mine has 2 CD 's . The first CD is the complete album with some enhanced features
 What has happened to Yes ? One of the greatest , most original and creative bands I have ever heard have become producers of cheesy , bubble gum pop rock songs . The formulaic songs on The Ladder are dull , short-lived , and banal at best . The progressive song structures which have made Yes a famous band are mostly half-done or missing , the only decent song at all is the title song Homeworld/The Ladder . Even cheesy pop songs can have a certain charm at times - Owner of a Lonely Heart is still a favorite of mine - but the popish songs on this album are simply boring and empty . Yes is still great live , one should buy those albums instead of this one .
 If you are a YES fan get it . Specially if you are one of those who like CTTE and the '70s stuff . I do n't want that YES change it 's music . But I think that 's time to review the formula . They did something expressive in '70 with Howe and Wakeman . It was different ! In '83 with Rabin , they started a new era . It was different again without loosing the quality . But now ! What they are tryng to do ? The same kind of songs they did 30 years ago ? I think it 's the wrong way . I 'd like to see a better finish in YES history ...
 This CD has come in several different options . There is the basic CD , and then there are different limited editions with different extras . I got the `` Limited Tour Edition '' . Mine has 2 CD 's . The first CD is the complete album with some enhanced features
 I 've been a big fan of Capt. Fingers for years . This album 's production qualities are a bit too sterile and syrupy for it 's own good . It 's fine that Lee wants to get the CD heavy airplay on the smooth jazz stations , but he would be just as well cutting back on the slick electronic drums , samples , and mounds of processing on everything . The two Sonny Rollins tunes are excellent , with more of a B-3 / Guitar/Sax melody interplay . It just does n't come close , however , to matching up with his groundbreaking works like `` Festival '' or `` Harlequin '' .
 This just does n't do anything for me . Lee is a sensational guitarist , and I listen to most of his '80s and '90s albums a lot . This one is just too random , with nothing that really reaches out and grabs you . Try anything else by Lee first .
 I am also a long-time Gino fan , but this one disappoints . The orchestrations and Gino 's vocals are lovely , but the CD lacks the classic Vannelli passion and creativity .
 Unlike the brilliant `` Yonder Tree '' Slow Love is a ride to nowhere . Who told Gino to tone down his vocals ? On the title track it sounds like he 's cooing.The highlight is the re-make of `` Down with Love '' . If you listen to this track first you 'll say `` Hey , this will be good '' . Sorry , personally I ca n't stand it and its made worse because I have all of Gino 's albums but `` Crazy Life '' . I am reluctant to conclude that perhaps `` Yonder Tree '' should have capped his career .
 Hearing this CD was a huge shock for me . McLaughlin 's music -LRB- which I 'm really familiar with -RRB- got such a limp , whimpy tratment by the Groningen Guitar Duo , and I do n't think McLaughlin deserves it . If anything , I would expect the musicians who cover his repertoire to put some fire into interpreting it . This duo is merely caressing the strings , sounding very tentative . Plus , they do n't seem to take any chances , which is utterly in contradiction with the original intentions of McLaughlin 's music.The music on this CD sounds lifeless , and the players are getting dangerously close to being flatliners . They somehow managed to scoop out all the guts from McLaughlin 's music , and I do n't think that 's a good thing .
 i have been touch for two songs !!
 It is hard to judge music from the snippets available online . I purchased this CD , but was n't really sure . When I received it and had a chance to actually listen , sometimes I just burst out laughing . Midway through every track you need to brace , because you can hear it coming , all the heavy-handed octaves . This man is so enormously talented , but , honestly , over the edge . If the tracks are busy , it is not because of the selections elected for medley ; the musical choices themselves work well . Some of these tracks would be so nice if he just knew when to quit . I purchased a second copy as a joke gift . : -RRB-
 Busch 's music sounds very sparce . Various instruments mostly play solo , while chords are added just sometimes here and there . It is mostly homophonic and not dense at all . The lack of dense chords makes it sounding weak . Too gentle . I have never heard so sparce orchestral music , written either in 18th century style or otherwise . That lack of density makes his music in some sense `` modern '' .
 The hipster hype for this record was so overwhelming I had to check it out . Wow , what a letdown . The whole thing is produced to sound like it 's coming from a tinny AM radio . Cute in theory , but extremely frustrating over the course of a record . Totally fuzzed out and detached . Trying to connect with this record is like trying to enjoy sex wearing a full-body condom . It 's all wash-out and fuzz and self-conscious retro detachment . The songs themselves , as they are , are n't without their charms , recalling the Byrds and Zombies and such , but you 'd be much better off picking up one of those bands ' albums then settling for this . Flame away .
 Do n't expect good quality from this budget LaserLight CD . Actually the sound quality is quite poor , especially the last track .
 Do n't expect great quality from this budget LaserLight CD . Because it 's fast paced , I got this CD to practice swing dancing to .
 I was with much joy to know that the band that I had been listening to since my schooldays have finally release their live performance on DVD.Based on the reviews , it sounded like the cameraman , the lighting man the editing and mastering staffs ought to be given a kick in their a ** for spoiling the whole concert ... . except for the sound engineer and the mixing crew.I thought of buying this DVD . . but ... I decided not too.I guess that 's why the concert is name Live from the DARK ... man . . what 's wrong with more lights ...
 I can not believe the quality of this video . This is by far the poorest quality dvd I have ever seen . I ca n't even compare it to anything . It reminds me of the quality of my camera phone . I like Europe a lot so I had to buy it . Not sure how many times I will watch it - due to the grain like view . Support the band - go buy the new cd . Rent the dvd if you need to see the show ! The sound quality is fair at best.I did enjoy the setlist and it was fun to see them play live . That is the only reason I gave it a 2 .
 I bought it today , and I also took it back to the shop today . I never seen DVD in recent times shot this badly . The picture quality is so grainy , as if it were shot with a cheap digital camera -LRB- my Digitil camcorder has better picture quality -RRB- and mine is only worth $ 750 AUD.The camera work was all over the place , jumping up and down , left , right , up and down -LRB- complete amature work -RRB- . I could n't believe this , i 've seen better bootlegs . I felt so ripped off I had take it back and get a fefund.I have the JOURNEY 2001 DVD , and thats just a good example of excellence and brilliant production qaulity , once you 've seen the best produced concerts its really hard to go backward , no matter who the band are .
 Europe has always been on of my favorite bands and I was really looking forward to this DVD , but I 'm so dissapointed!In my opinion , the whole point of a Live-DVD is to bring the magic of a live show into your livingroom ! Well this DVD truley fails in doing that . The picture quality is extremly low , the sounds i horrible -LRB- supposedly DTS , but Ive heard better MONO sounds -RRB- , , and the overal show is nothing but a low production DVD . Do n't get me wrong , EUROPE did a great job playing their music on this DVD , but the crew filming it manage to ruin it!I wish Europe would hire the crew that recorded Evergrey 's `` A Night To Remember '' , because that DVD is amazing!If you 're a Europe fan you should have this no matter what . IF you 're not a fan you might wan na hang on to your cash and get something better !
 This album confirmed all of my worst suspicions about Alanis Morissette . Jagged Little Pill was a landmark not only for Alanis , but for millions upon millions of other people . What she wants to consider a commemoration is more like a travesty . The vocals are downright awful here , not giving the listener any indication of emotion . Alanis has taken a masterpiece and dragged it through the mud . I was a tremendous fan of Alanis Morissette even as millions of others deserted her over the years , but this has pushed me past my threshold . Shame on her for desecrating something so beautiful for the sake of money .
 This album is more boring than a Sarah McLachlan one and that 's saying a lot . Alanis ca n't sing anymore and she 's ruined what was a great album by creating silly acoustic versions that are n't worth your time . I just wish she 'd realize she 's washed up and only a select few actually care about her anymore .
 Alanis Morrissette 's original `` Jagged Little Pill '' was one of the biggest-selling debut albums of all time , and paved the way for a generation of self-absorbed and whiney brat rockers -LRB- Avril Lavigne comes to mind -RRB- . `` You Oughta ' Know '' is still one of the greatest exclamations of rage by a scorned woman , but the acoustic version on this album does n't have the emotional weight of the original . Actually , she should have sung it accapella , as she had done in concert -LRB- most famously at the Kennedy Center with President Bill Clinton in the audience -RRB- . Listening to `` Ironic '' reminds me that Morrissette misunderstands the meaning of the word . Overall , though , this album is a sad indication that Morrissette has not grown artistically in 10 years , and somehow has to rehash her best-selling debut album to rescuscitate her spiraling career .
 Usually , I try to write the thoughtful review for an item I care about -- but I have to say that the main thing I care about with this CD is that anyone who reads this does n't waste her/his money on this disgusting piece of crap . If you were to ask me to score the worst events of my life I would use this album because just listening to it is complete torture beyond any level of discomfort one human should be able to subject upon another . I strongly suspect non-anesthitized dental work is preferable.The woman ca n't sing-no , I take that back , I ca n't sing - whatever Ms. Morisette does is miles and miles beyond what I do at karaoke night . She writes trite and cliche filled lyrics . Every song she sings boils down to this simple gist-save yourself the time and expense of listening to this garbage all Alanis is saying is - `` Oh I am so deep and you are so cruel can you not see my intensity and uniqueness ? Then you must pay by listening to me sing . `` I 'd rather be tied to a chair and forced to listen to the Bee Gee 's singing duets with the New Christy Minstrels for 3 days straight with no sleep than be forced to listen to this sorry excuse for entertainment .
 ALANIS MORISSETTE SHOULD JUST LEAVE JAGGED LITTLE PILL ALONE.IT IS NOW A DECADE OLD IF SHE WANTED TO MAKE AN ACOUSTIC VERSION.SHE SHOULD HAVE DONE IT A YEAR AFTER THE ORIGINAL NOT 10 YEARS AFTER.I THINK THE RECORD COMPANY MADE HER DO THIS.BECAUSE ALL OF HER CD 'S AFTER JAGGED LITTLE PILL DID NOT SELL EVEN CLOSE TO WHAT THAT DID.AND NOW THEY ARE MAKEING UP FOR THERE LOSS.SHE DID NOT DO THIS FOR THE FANS DO N'T FOOL YOURSELF.SHE DID THIS TO MAKE SOME $ MONEY$ AND THAT IS THE ONLY REASON . `` LEAVE A CLASSIC ALONE '' . DO YOU SEE `` BON ~ JOVI '' DOING -LCB- SLIPPERY WHEN WET -RCB- AGAIN ? NO!DO YOU SEE `` PRINCE '' DOING -LCB- PURPLE RAIN -RCB- AGAIN ? NO!DO YOU SEE `` MADONNA '' DOING -LCB- LIKE A VIRGIN -RCB- AGAIN ? NO!GET MY POINT ! HEY ALANIS ! HERE IS AN IDEA MAKE A -LSB- NEW ALBUM -RSB- !!!!! -LCB- TONY ~ TONI ~ TON ` E -RCB- -LSB- ROME , NEW YORK : HOME OF WOODSTOCK 1999 -RSB-
 Why does she keep holding on to this album ? Is it because it was her only bestseller ?
 I do n't know what the word accoustic means , but how dumb does Alanis Morrison think we are ? She actually has released the same album as she released when I was in college . The problem is that she took all of the rock out of it . It 's now something that puts you to sleep when you listen to it . I fell asleep to this cd last week when I was working the grill at Runza and I totally burnt a bunch of hamburgers . Alanis has been on a downward spiral with her career since leaving the groundbreaking `` You ca n't do that on television '' . Like many who have left Saturday night live , it just does n't work out for them in the real world . You ca n't do that on television was just top shelf entertainment . Everytime someone would say `` I do n't know '' they got doused in green slime ! That 's awesome ! They also had a hamburger place with a guy called barth who liked pooped in the hamburgers . It was funny ! I guess Alanis thought people would take her seriously as a musician , but that obviously has never happened . If it had , she would n't be releasing the same album again to see if people might like it this time . My advice to Ms. Morrison is to try and get the gang together for a `` You ca n't do that on Television '' reunion . That is the only way I see her going anywhere .
 Come on . You know what it 's going to sound like . Why would anyone want to hear that ? Why would Alanis Morissette even want to hear it ? Please trust yourself . The whole concept is ironic in the way that the song IRONIC is n't . I 'll give mice elf an ice cream headache if I think about it too much . Just click the NOT HELPFUL BUTTON and move on .
 To be fair , I have previewed this album and like all of her previous albums I have come to the conclusion that this so called talent actually has ... no talent . Her voice is awful , her songs weak and shallow and her harmonica playing absolutely stinks . Why she would want to do an acoustic version of an album that millions of sheeple already flocked to buy is beyond me other that the idea that she wanted to milk every last penny she could out of an album that was played out the very first time it was spun on the airwaves . Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this pop-hack and go find some real music .
 I never bought the hype about this performer . Introspective ? That means it is all about me . Intense means she 's a jerk.These songs are hateful and meanspirited . A mediocre talent at best.Susan Werner clobbers A. M. professionally and personally.I dont like her jagged little tearful crying-jag cd . Keep her far from me.Earache and headache music .
 Well , if this is n't the laziest , most cynical excuse for a record I 've ever seen . It 's been a mammoth 10 years since `` Jagged Little Pill '' came out , and Alanis , sensing herself that 's she 's done absolutely nothing else of note , save for releasing a few other whiney albums , decides to give everyone all they 've ever wanted from her - yet more Jagged Little Pill.So we have the EXACT same album , track listing - but acoustic . Wow , thanks for that . Perfect for all those girls who bought the first album , you know , the ones that do n't really LIKE music -LRB- not in a mad way , to buy more than one album a year or anything stupid like that -RRB- . So in case the original album was a bit too edgy for you , a bit too extreme and hardcore , with a few loud guitars and stuff - this is the one for you . The same album but with the sound of a woman who has absolutely given up on music and making something new , content to sing the same songs and rest on her laurels forever . Is n't that all her fans want of her in the first place?It 's a depressing album , it really is . No vision or passion or inventiveness - the hits , from the only album she 's made that mattered . A pointless record from a dead in the water woman . Where would the music business be if all artists pulled this stunt ? Madonna would still be Like A Virgin . Michael Jackson would still be dancing with corpses instead of sleeping with children . Prince would still be wanting to party like its 1999 . Those are REAL artists , not glorified one trick ponies.And you 'd think , ten years on , she would have found examples of irony that actually were , you know , ironic . Dontcha think?The_Curmudgeon_Hates_You@yahoo.co.uk
 This is one of the worst CDs I 've ever heard . She sounds like maybe she is high . Do n't buy this .
 Like a bad recurring nightmare , here she comes again , screeching and howling her way through this set of self-obsessed , navel-gazing songs that attack the ears like a blast of pins . Owch ! Forced to do some ` remote officing ' at a internet hotspot at the local Starbucks this week , I am beaten into a pulp by this grating CD which is on a non-stop loop . The perfect spot for it actually , a crass , corporate slice of muzak - shows that she has no artistic integrity left - but must hop up and down on the same spot she wore out years ago . Tragic .
 This CD had good singles in 1995 and even those who claimed to hate her were rocking to her joints then . Ever since , her followup albums have flopped although there was a good single here and there , she has great singing and songwriting skills , and she so obviously could never ever catch up with the success story jagged little pill had become in the mid 90 's , I guess you can say it was her `` Thriller '' of her career . But 10 years later of rereleasing this CD with acoustic versions was not a very good move . It just proves that she has given up on focusing on music and she finally knows she can never match her biggest album so she recreates it to cash in on her popularity from last decade instead of continuing to move forward with her music . I think releasing a greatest hits -LRB- long awaited on my list -RRB- with a few acoustic versions from jagged little pill would have been a much better effort . People would buy that for the monster singles , and the few successful singles here and there she had over the years so they can discover her other music .
 The original Jagged Little Pill was awesome and is still one of my absolute favourites ... this is a lack-luster warmed up version of it - almost like a parody of the original and ironically put out by the same edgey terrific artist who put the original Jagged Little Pill out ... this is just ... stale . I 'd love to hear some NEW stuff from Alanis - enough of this warmed up unplugged stuff please ... !
 A generally uninspired album . Listening to this you can tell the only reason that anyone would ever rerecord their largest selling record is a yearning to be as successful now as they were then.All that being said the new acoustic Head Over Feet is a great new take on the song , and is definately worth listening to .
 I was foolish enough to pay $ 18.99 -LRB- BEFORE taxes -RRB- for this at Starbucks thinking I 'd once again fall in love with Morissette 's classic `` Jagged Little Pill '' album . Instead of enjoying her acoustic spin on her breakthrough CD I was bored to tears with the bland arrangements and horrible singing . Alanis has lost what little passion she had left and it 's quite obvious that is a filler album and not an ode to the album that made her one of the most influential singers in recent history .
 As Alanis further buries her career by deciding to release her albums * exclusively * at Starbucks , smart record stores , like HMV here in Canada , pull her music from shelves until she releases her music in music stores , not coffee stores.They should n't have bothered to restock the shelves , especially this cash grab collection of `` acoustic '' versions of songs from her 1995 album , Jagged Little Pill . Granted , you can find a number of these songs performed acoustically on some of her CD singles from Jagged Little Pill , including her 1996 performance of `` You Oughta Know '' . This is a step back , not a step forward for Alanis . Next
 She 's got a good range in her vocals , but gosh ! all those annoying affects to her voice drive me up the wall . Maybe it 's sincere expression , but is it a Canadian thing ? It 's the thing she does at the tail end of her phrases . UUUUGGGGGHHHH !!!! Plus , her lyrics are BOOTY . Also , her song `` Is n't It Ironic '' is more a series of inconveniences than relating to the true definition if irony . She has to know this ... she 's a smart woman . Most of these songs have the rhythm section plodding away in the worst way . I got ta stop here
 When Alanis Morissette first hit the alt.rock / indie scene in the '90s , she was considered a breath of fresh air . She was signed onto Madonna 's Maverick label , and `` Jagged Little Pill '' still stands as the bestselling album by a female artist in recording history . A decade later , Alanis revisits it in acoustic form-and like the original , she faced controversy-this time , for selling it exclusively through Starbucks before general release.Alanis ' angry grrrl themes still resound here , albeit in a more relaxed , acoustic setting . `` All I really want '' is a highlight with its Eastern/Indian sound . It 's as if Alanis channeled the Beatles ' `` Norwegian Wood . '' `` You oughta know '' , with its angry , woman scorned theme is more relaxed ... and worthy of a coffee shop setting . Her furious , sarcastic `` would she have your baby ? I 'm sure she 'd make an excellent mother '' suddenly becomes background for whirring espresso machines . The perfectionist parent anthem `` Perfect '' becomes the adult contemporary muzak when yuppies stop by Starbucks with their crying children . `` Hand in my pocket '' sounds alt.country . `` Head over feet '' is a calming soft rock love song ... it was back when Alanis was engaged to Ryan Reynolds . One wonders if she 'll return to angry grrrl themes now they 've broken up . `` Forgiven '' is a folky-sounding criticism of Catholicism and organized religion . It 's more of an acoustic confession . `` Not the doctor '' sounds more techno , a dance song with Alanis ' bitter `` I did n't carry you in my womb for nine months . '' `` Ironic '' loses its bite , though Alanis has a gay rights shout-out with her `` you meet the man of your dreams and his beautiful husband . '' `` Jagged Little Pill : Acoustic '' is an unplugged version of the hit ... and decaffeinated . The instrumentals are beautiful , but Alanis ' vocals do n't match them . It 's discord between her angry vocals and soothing acoustic guitar . In concept , it works . In practice , not so well .
 I hedge that I 've heard only Ironic and Hand in my Pocket on this album but those versions are sub-par . The songs in their original format should not he acousticized -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . A total remix of Jagged little pill -LRB- great album -RRB- would have been wonderful -- something like what Linkin Park did with Reanimation or Sarah Mclachlan did with her Rarities album , but this is just a plain cash grab and worth skipping .
 When I first heard that Alanis was releasing an acoustic version of Jagged Little Pill I was excited . It sounded like a really good idea and a new , fun way to enjoy the songs again . When I finally got around to listening to it I was sorely disappointed . All of the songs are so slow and drawn out . There 's no excitement or bite to any of them . The album literally puts me to sleep ! I gave it a second and third chance recently but I just ca n't get into it . Do n't bother wasting ten dollars unless you consistently struggle to fall asleep at night . This jagged little pill is the cure .
 i have been touch for two songs !!
 Hollywood , CA -LRB- March 18th 2004 -RRB- - The label Horizon-Italy has recently released an unapproved album titled Burning House of Love . This album is not approved by GREAT WHITE . Rather the band condemns this release and asks all fans and friends not to purchase this album . They feel that the label is insensitive to the victims of the fire and are trying to capitalize on a tragic situation . This type of practice is called repackaging - record companies take previously released songs , put on a new cover with a new title.The band and their attorneys are working on stopping this release , as it is being sold under the GREAT WHITE name without GREAT WHITE 'S permission . GREAT WHITE wants to apologize for any discomfort this may have caused , as they found out about this release much the same way as the fans - via the internet . It was of great shock to the GW camp .
 This is a Record company profiting from the misfortune of others and I feel bad for all the people who lost a loved one in this tragic Event . The band does not sanction this cd and the record company should be sued for this wicked act of bad taste . All Great white fans should know that this is not A Great White approved release !!!!!!!
 Reading the above reviews and just plain common sense would have me believe this is not a real release . Certainly not new material . I have no doubt the band would not release such a title . Think before you buy .
 I have been a Great White fan since 1984 . I have purchased most every one of their albums . I have seen them play `` live '' when they still had Tony and Mark in the band . This was a better more energetic line-up than what has emerged during the past 3 years . The band told the truth with the excellent `` CA N'T GET THERE FROM HERE '' LP . It was the last decent studio material from a true road tested group of American Rockers . The same material featured on `` Burning House Of Love '' can be found on the `` Recovery '' LP , and from the live `` Stage '' LP . This latest compilation is nothing but record company stupidity and greed.I feel bad for the remaining members of Great White for being put under the microscope for all of things that followed the horrible disaster in Rhode Island . Jack Russel is a fantastic singer , and I hope he will release more original music in the future . If you are new to the music of Great White , I strongly encourage you to buy the `` Hooked '' LP . It captured the band at their absolute best moment , and the music was superb . As for any new music from Great White , Jack Russel said it best in the song entitled `` Maybe Someday '' ; from the `` Psycho City '' LP .
 Not as bad as everyone `` things '' ?? Well I THINKKKKKK that this is a joke .
 Bassist Billy Sheehan , keyboardist John Novello , and drummer Dennis Chambers just sit there and play through a set of ten jazz-fusion style instrumental numbers . There 's no denying their talent at their respective instruments , but combined together it 's rather boring .
 this aint the rap group `` natas '' so dont get em mixed up , cause people have ...
 this album is from 1998 ha-ha and natas released their first album , life after death , in 1992 ha-ha . my homie ben is right , these guys did rip off the REAL natas . i even read it in an interview .
 this is not the rap group Natas , these fakers ripped off their name , and i would not call this music , it is pathetic , do n't get this spanish trash mixed up with the REAL natas .
 I was VERY disappointed in this CD . THe songs were poor , the singers were WORSE!I do n'tknow what happened to the SMC ? Other CD `` s were very good !
 What is going on in the lowlands ? This is the second of 2 recordings I have heard which feature great saxophonists in front of a Danish orchestral big band -LRB- the other being Ronnie Cuber 's `` Love For Sale '' -RRB- , and both of them are so cheesey they 'd give Wallace & Gromit lactose intolerance . Stan Getz plays with his typical late-period eloquence and assuredness , and occasionally manages to lift the level of this music to acceptable . Most of the time , however , he is bogged down behind a barrage of synthesizers and violins that simply offend the senses . For those Getz completists out there , knock yourself out . Everybody else - run far , far away .
 Disappointing , lacking consistancy and flow , too much going on in regards to style , no focus.Why?I pity the fool that buys this .
 Browse this website for Lionel Hampton , find the detail page of a CD that interests you and even sports his picture , order it , when you get it , find out that LH had no part in this recording , which is just by some other group playing his pieces . This is what 'll happen to you if you order this CD . Be warned . My `` one-star '' rating was only given because , apparently , there 's no way of rating in the negative .
 Jeff Steele is a right wing , reactionary , judgmental type Christian . The lyrics of his songs reflect that attitude . Also , the vocals are boring . Their unison is poor and their blend is not good.If you want really good Southern Gospel music , leave this one alone . Go get something by the Gaither Vocal Band or the Palmetto State Quartet . If you wanted mixed vocals try the Hoppers or the McKameys . Those groups are all better vocally , and they have a better attitude .
 Ugh ! Kenny Rogers doing a Whitney Houston ballad ? He does n't have the voice for any of these songs . Stick to what you know Kenny .
 I have not received that item , let me know what to do , Thank you Roland.Tombe la neige by Salvatore Adamo .
 As is typical of Madacy productss , the songs on this CD for the most part are not the original recordings made in 1966 . They are by `` the original artists '' -LRB- whatever that might mean -RRB- , and they 're not necessarily bad -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , but they 're different enough in some cases that you may be disappointed . Madacy compounds this problem , in my opinion , by not indicating very clearly that what they 're up to . In any event , be forewarned .
 Hines is one of the great masters and innovators of jazz . But unless you are a real collector , this is not Hine 's best stuff . Go for his earlier recordings .
 This is as if Miles hired the Prince band and left on tour WITHOUT telling then to change the tunes of their previous boss . This sounds more dated than anything Miles ever did -LRB- including his 40s and 50s stuff ! -RRB- . The sounds the keyboard player picks are laughable by now ! the horrendous ` groove ' bass lines are annoying and repetitive to the point of elevator and supermarket muzak quality . The only one that really ` plays ' and still has a sound worth hearing is Miles . Do n't waste your hard earned dollar on this plastic Madonna and Michael Jackson influenced stuff . Miles has a ton of other much more interesting albums -LRB- start backwards from ` the man with the horn ' -RRB- .
 I was very disappointed in this CD . The arrangements were skimpy - not asfull sounding as I had hoped .
 The other reviewer is right . This seems to be the wrong CD.The cover art here shows Funky Chicken not Big Youth.The mp3 downloads are correct . The CD is not ! I looked atsome of the sellers . It appears to be Funky Chicken notHit the Road Jack .
 this a warning that big youth not represented on this album of english trojan LABEL release of early skinhead loved music .
 We receiverd the disc in time and in good condition but it appeared we had ordered the wrong disc -LRB- did nit contain te desired music -RRB- and decided to leave it with that .
 Okay , a LOT better . Some of the recordings sound horrible -LRB- especially St. Louis Blues , yick ! -RRB- . Most of these songs can be found with better quality , especially on the Ken Burn 's JAZZ series Louis Armstrong CD . If you 're a newbie to jazz , this would n't be bad to pick up , mostly due to the price , but if you 're looking for a great CD to compliment an already-sizeable collection , give this one a pass .
 compare this album to roach 's work with percussionist metcalfe on `` serpent 's lair '' and you 'll see the vital importance of persussion in tribal/trance . the tribal melodies on their own ca n't take it to the higher meditative level , and without the focus and energy provided by percussion the whole thing degenerates into nothing special . where the `` serpent 's lair '' was brilliant and finds a permanent space in the CD changer , `` origins '' will get the obligatory 2 plays before it 's retired to the CD stack .
 I 'm a minor fan of the Replacements , but this solo effort by Westerberg is simply sub-par and BORING . -LRB- Although I do enjoy Silver Naked Ladies -RRB- The only good work he 's done since going solo is on the Singles movie soundtrack . Buy that instead .
 It is shocking to see how far Westerberg has slipped since making `` Tim . '' Most of these songs are painful to listen to and that is not because he is writing about tragedies , but because he is tragic !
 This album is disapointing ! Without the chemistry of the rest of the replacements behind him the songs sound bland . There are a couple good songs but they all fall short of replacements quality material . The writing is weak for the majority of the songs too . If you want a good post-replacemets solo recond get Tommy Stinson 's `` Village Gorillia Head '' or the Bash and Pop they 're excelent .
 2 1/2 Yet another in the never-ending onslaught of modern progressive rock letdowns providing typically watered up , easy listening rock , whereas -LRB- also typically -RRB- few instrumental segments provide the only obvious musical substance behind the awkwardly obscure fan concert .
 So I downloaded this today and the 29 songs that I received sound great ! I 'm sure the other 75 that did n't download correctly after trying twice sound great too . I mean , I know that I only spent $ 2.00 , but I was really looking forward to this . Does any one know what I may be able to do to get these downloaded files into my I-Tunes ? As of right now , they are in my downloaded music file listed at 75 variations of AMZ ### . tmp and I can not open them . -LRB- Ex
 Before I flunk this , I have an ipod 8g nano , that 's about 80 % full of classical and I am looking all the time for more . Only , I just like this classical that is easy flowing and lots of instruments . Not solos . Just all easy flowing and no cut and boom boom this and that in it . I am finding this hard to find for sale at a decent price for whatever reason , seems everything I find cheap is BOOM BOOM BOOOOOM BOOM ! BANG POW DUN DUN DUNNNNNNNNN BOOM BOOM BOOOOOOOOM!LAME!After `` hearing about '' this `` no 9 '' for a long time , some of the best recorded ?? then why is it selling for 1 CENT!I so do n't care for this kind of Symphony , how can anyone listen to this?THAT is what ruins any Symphony music . so I am a newbie to understanding how to find what I want ? is there a name for the `` free flowing '' stuff vrs this BOOM BOOM BOOOOOOOOOOM stuff ? I want it all to be level , same flow all through , no suprises , as in its flowing along then BOOM BOOM BOOOOM DUUN DUNNNNNNNN , then back to `` simple flow '' , yet , I do not want reaaaaallll slow stuff either , funeral music or whatever its called . just free flowing all the same through music . is there a name for this ? or is this to much to ask haha
 This is not subtle singing from Franco Corelli . Wonder what years of pushing the voice will do ? Watch this and find out . The voice is heavy . The high notes are achieved by sheer force of will -- sometimes just by sheer force , period ! Tebaldi , goddess that she was , is well past her prime . A good example of a product with `` big names '' that does not , by any stretch , deliver an acceptable performance .
 I was completely taken in by the rave reviews Sanderling 's performance received , both here and elsewhere . What I heard sounded glib and superficial where it should be weighty ; ponderous where it should take flight . Normally I would recommend Sanderling 's work without a second thought , but he was definitely having an off day here.Perhaps because of lowered expectations , I did n't find the Kegel performance as disappointing . No thrills , but nothing I would call bad , either . In fact , I thought it got better as it went along ; the last two movements were pretty good.Oh , well , at least the CD did n't cost me very much .
 10 CD 's of beautiful pieces of classical music , digitally recorded for only 20 bucks sounds very good . I decided to buy this CD set because of very good price . But , what you will get for your money ? Noting special , believe me ! I was very disappointed with some performances , but sound quality of some tracks is even worst . Disc No. 6 is one of the most poorly recorded and engineered CD 's I have ever heard . I ca n't believe that this CD is digitally recorded . So , forgot price and look somewhere else . I can recommend this CD box set to absolutely beginners only .
 I was looking for Breach from San Jose they are 10 times more heavy.This band repeats the same drawn out screams in every song.Breach from San Jose , they just got a sound unlike any band i have ever heard but i cant find their new release , `` The still point '' . Oh well , i will keep looking .
 I was looking for Breach from Flemington , NJ . Man those guys could rock . Especially the lead singer .
 This collection is a good bargain for people who want to be introduced to the romantic classical music . The 10 CD really contain a great deal of music . However , the playing falls short . The playing was dry and boring , with little hint of emotion involved in the performance . To be honest , even most of the bargain CDs I find in K-mart have much better playing than this . I never fast forwarded or skipped as many tracks on a classical CD as I did on this one . If you just want to hear a large selection of pieces regardless of the playing , then get this . But if interpretation and playing matters for you , there are better bets else where . The `` Millenium Top 40 '' is also a collection , but the pieces there are actually beautifully played . Naxos ' Romantic Pieces for Piano Collection are also a good deal .
 I 'm usually open to trying out anything where Maurice Starr is involved -LRB- he wrote all the songs on this album -RRB- , because he 's been a force behind a lot of the music that I grew up with . Despite his rich legacy , this is one album that 's pretty well deserving of its obscurity . Starr tries his best as always with the songwriting , and some credit must be given to Rick Wes 's backing crew for creating some lush , nicely textured backgrounds here -LRB- including saxophone work by Gerald Albright and backing vocals by Margo Thunder of the 80s girl group 9.9 -RRB- . However , whoever actually let RW himself take the mike should be spanked . He speaks too much -LRB- and in an annoying monotone fashion at that -RRB- , he 's not much better at singing , and his deliberate Barry White knock-off would probably have White turning over in his grave.Not grossly disgusting , but not recommended for anyone other than hardcore Maurice Starr fans .
 I ca n't remember when , or where , I came upon Hammerbox . But like most of the poeple who reviewed the album Numb , it really changed a lot of things for me . For one , I gave up all musical aspirations . Why , you might ask ? Because , after I heard such a raucous album , which was unknown to the world -LRB- how many times have I heard `` You mean Candlebox ? '' -RRB- I said if this great a disk ca n't make a ripple , what chance have I?I lived on Numb , and have bought it time and time again as it slipped through my hands . It is really an incredible disk , so you can imagine how thrilled I was to see -LRB- when I came onto Amazon to purchase Numb AGAIN -RRB- a live album by Hammberbox.Disappointment does not even begin to cover it . First off , the production values are absolutely dung . All the songs are , to my ears , at a slower tempo which looses most of the impact of the originals on Numb . Also , believe it or not , I swear the bass is even out of tune on some of the songs . The crowd is subdued -LRB- to say the least -RRB- and the guitar work sounds like ... well , it had n't been played in those 10 years they were apart.Suffice to say that after listening to this live disk -LRB- and this hurts me to say -RRB- I maybe now have a better idea of why they never made it big.In addition to this turd I bought their first disk . It is no where near the sonic masterpiece that Numb is , but MIGHT be worth the cash . This definitely is not . If I were you I would buy Numb -LRB- now only available used -RRB- burn it , hand it out to friends , but do n't waste your cash on this poor reflection of a great band . Oh , what might have been .
 Warner Brothers is in the process of restoring the classic B&W and Color Popeye Cartoons for a 2007 release . Original Paramount main & end titles will be a part of the restoration .
 Maybe he comes accross better live but the CD is disappointing.I can only describe it as `` thin '' and life-less .
 I tried to listen to the album a second time and could n't bear it . I can not think of another word other than awful to say how bad this album is . I love Jackie Wilson and was excited to see this CD . He sounds as if he was out drinking all night before he recorded this album .
 This is a review of the sound quality only , look to the other reviewers for thoughts on the music . The recording and mixing are quite good . Unfortunately , the sound was trod upon during mastering . In an effort to get the average volume as close to peak volume as possible , the engineer introduced distortion , and tonnes of digital clipping . Every drum hit suffers from this problem . Also when the music swells , instead of having an increase in volume all you get is an increase in distortion . The dynamic range has been destroyed , the recording stays within 3 dB of max throughout . A definite `` loudness war '' victim.You might still enjoy it though if you listen to your music in a noisy car .
 Amazon sent a wrong item instead of what they display here . The audio CD sent was from the same company , but had a different title and only eight tracks . The tracks are n't lively as in this CD.I initiated a replacement
 Warning ! E.B. White 's narration of his own charming novel is horrid ! The truth dawned on me when , as I listened to the author 's introduction , he said `` I will read it to you now '' in a most flat , monotone voice . I did n't yawn with boredom through the first chapter , I screamed ! -LRB- I do n't think I made it through Chapter Two . -RRB- Caveat emptor.It does n't even deserve one star ; Amazon 's reviewer form would n't let me submit this with no stars .
 My son needed this book fast . I was pleased to find the book in hard cover and color . Unfortunately , when we received the book it was not in color . I ended up having to go all over town looking for it . Book was in mint condition , but not color . Disappointed .
 I liked this book because it is funny . I liked the way they came up with the characters . My favirote part is when the pig wins first place .
 The book was very long . Nothing was good about it . My favorite part was when Wilbur got a bronze metal .
 Through my many years of reading , writing , playing , watching and whatever else you could think of that involved the media , never have I stumbled across a book so childish that I could call it a true `` could 've . '' Though this book was memorable in its own right , the storytelling of E.B. White never struck me as `` amazing '' , more or less interesting . The adventures of a girl and a farm could 've been something very fun and interesting , had the plot been less childish . Though the concept of death is very well portrayed , I feel that it is a little too much for those under the age of 8 who have not fully accepted that concept , and though E.B. White has been known to write good books , in my book , he went a couple inches short of a foot .
 The book , a children 's classic , that I ordered should have been new . The book I received was clearly used and loved by a child . I planned to give it as a gift . I certainly can not do that and will have to go elsewhere to buy a new one apparently .
 This book was absolutely the worst thing I ever read . My children were scared , horrified , and bored . I found the book to pontificate needlessly , to overdress otherwise humorous and warm situations with disgusting psycho-sexual overtones , and to instill , in myself -LRB- at least for a day -RRB- and my children -LRB- forever ? -RRB- , a feelingof hollow sadness and bitterness at this calous author .
 I read this book when I was 10 , and it is one of the dumbest books of my youth . It really is n't anything special . But the thing I hate the most is this ; How come they praise the pig for being special when the spider should be the one getting the attention ?!?! Kids will hate this book , including me and the whole 5th grade . Also , Kids will not pick up on any morals ; adults will not find it interesting either .
 The voice on the tape is not very engaging , however the story as always is great . Better to read it to a younger child than to play the tape . An older child may be better able to follow the story on audio cassette .
 I thought it was for a 3 yr old ... maybe for a 5 the grader . . love the story ... wished the seller made it more clear , no pictures ... and the level for reading ...
 I did n't like this book because it had a rotten and badending . This book was n't the greatest .
 When an operetta is by Strauss about Vienna , one would expect it to be the ultimate Viennese experience . This is not . This is another Morbish production , recorded outdoors on a stage as-is . Sound quality is poor , the choreography is lacking - how can the performers not to dance when the wonderful Strauss music is playing ? They just stand there . The English title is Viennese Blood , but in German Wiener Blut does not mean the actual red liquid pulsing in our veins , it means Viennese life , life style , spirit or essence . I hope that Deutsche Grammophon would re-do this operetta the way it should be done .
 The first mistake on this CD -LRB- or any Chi-Lites compilation/greatest hits -RRB- was NOT to include `` My First Mistake '' from their 1977 release `` The Fantastic Chi-Lites '' produced by Ritchie Rome ! This is a quintessential disco/dance song that has sent crowds into frenzy @ clubs around the world ... especially in Chicago . It is inconceivable to me for there to be a release of `` greatest hits '' & not have this spectacular song embraced .
 I would have been very happy with my purchase of this set , except for the packaging . The boxes for 3 of the 5 CDs came broken . That in itself was a sign of what to expect for the treatment these CDs must have gotten . When I opened the first box , I noticed that the CD had fingerprints on it right out of the box . I thought it might not have mattered , but on the last song of the CD , my player goes nuts skipping all over the last recording . I tried to clean the prints , but they wo n't come off , and I think that using anything short of some really caustic chemicals which would damage the rest of the CD will not take these prints off of it . If you want good quality music on a quality product , spend more money on another set . I never expected this poor quality handling from Amazon .
 This is an abosolute DISGRACE TO BEETHOVEN 'S MUSIC !!! The music is Far below the tempos that Beethoven originally wrote . The quality of the recording equipment is also quite terrible . I was extremely displeased with these pieces . I now have learned a valuable lesson . . NEVER PURCHASE INEXPENSIVE RECORDINGS ! They tend to be of poor quality .
 I downloaded the first movement . The clip was good because of the quality sound . I am dissatisfied with the splicing that was done on the recording . When it repeats , there is an obvious cut . When it transitions to the development section -LRB- after the repeat -RRB- the horn is off in pitch -LRB- an obvious splice as well -RRB- . Entrances are not always solid in the strings and there are a few intonation errors in the winds . I also feel there were some balance issues -LRB- sometimes winds are not heard -RRB- . I am also disappointed that I do n't even know which orchestra this is -- not on the CD cover or identified in the MP3 list . I will be more cautious next time .
 Listened to the samples , read the reviews & opted to get this Season 2 soundtrack as opposed to # 3 or 4 & I 'm not sure what to make of it . It just goes on forever , is just a mix of several 2 min sounds thrown together to make a cd or `` season '' . I personally did n't find anything remotely musical about this cd & listened to it twice . Maybe after it sits a while & time passes , I 'll give it another try . From all the youtube vids etc I auditioned before purchasing this cd , sorely disappointed .
 Um , this is pretty much noise . The season one soundtrack has several good tracks that I could add to playlists and listen to often . This one , not so much .
 If you have no appreciation for music and/or tone deaf , then this definitely right up your alley , for it sounds not unlike the strangling of cats at 50 metrons.Now if you like a rich , full-blown score that creates amood and stirs the emotions , buy the Battlestar Galactica -LRB- Original Soundtrack -RRB- 25th Anniversary Edition right here at Amazon !
 Anyone considering buying this CD should know that it 's not live . The `` rants '' consist of Dennis reading transcripts of routines that I presume he previously performed live . Misses the whole point of listening to Dennis Miller .
 What I thought was once clever is really just the `` rantings '' of an idiot . Wasted my money to go see this BOZO , Do n't waste yours .
 If your more than middle age and like ZZ Top type stuff this is for you . It 's not my cup of tea .
 I love dance music , techno music , remixed music , and Christmas music , but I can not love this album . Everytime I find a `` remixed christmas '' cd , I usually get it , just because I 'm hoping someday there will be one that actually transforms traditional holiday songs into club anthems . Unforntuanately , all of them have the same trend . They sound like 4th graders having fun with a computer . This one , as foul as it is , is actually better than most , however.There Are a few songs that are n't bad , Hark The Harold Angels Sing is n't exactly regrooved , but it 's nicely mixed . White Christmas has good usage of vocals and beats . The rest however ... well , Carol of the Bells , for instance , sounds like someone banging pots and pans to the music of a very , VERY slow paced funeral march . It is so bad . There are Dj scribble sounds , a demoic voice that whispers `` Christmas '' , whoosey moans like a smurf taking a crap . It 's horrid . If you do n't believe me , listen to the samples , they wo n't lie to you .
 Terrible . Plenty of sounds , but very bad quality . Why make a SOUND fx cd with awful sound ? Lots of hissing on all tracks . Fade in and fade out times make 50 % of the tracks unusable . Way too many explosions and cars , a couple of each is all most people need . Very disappointing . Make your own .
 I 'm an author , musician and Vietnam war veteran with a critical ear for reality . Currently recording a sound-filled version of my own latest book about the '60s - '70s and our war at home and abroad , I went searching for some cheap/easy plug-ins . This CD should be entitled `` It ai n't me , Babe . '' Even Cher would be ashamed .
 This is NOT Peter Noone . How do you get a CD of Herman 's Hermits WITH Peter Noone ?!? BEWARE OF ALL CD 's !!!!! check them carefully . Peter Noone is HARD to find !!!!!
 Chuck was one of the real legends of rock 'n roll that gave so much of himself to others . His classics from the 50 's and 60 's will always be the considered the foundation of the rock 'n roll music , but this album has an edge on it that shows the master is not what he was 40 years ago . It 's good to hear him still performing , but there comes a time when even the best need to hang up their guitars .
 When it comes to nature cd 's , less is more to my ears . So often , including here it seems , the engineer seems to think that more is more , the more sounds they can fit in the mix , the better . What about non-distrcipt ambient sound from the forest ? That seems to me the best and most relaxing part.The sound of running water is highly unrealistic as well . For my ears , too busy for a natural sounding cd . For the generous price , you might want to come to that conclusion yourself .
 not what i expected . more jungle sounds than anything . I wanted rain , crickets , and storms
 That was supposed to be sounds of nature ?? I assure all you people who do n't get outside much that that 's NOT the way it sounds ! Some of the sample clips sound like someone shot a computer and recorded the noise it made with clips of bird songs recorded over it . -LRB- that and the water sounds like someone recorded the water going down a toilet -RRB- Awful , awful . I do n't think the people who made these `` natural sounds '' have ever been outdoors , much less to a rainforest !! If you are looking for CONVINCING nature sounds I recommend you look some where else !
 Sorry but I was NOT impressed . Lots of repeat stuff and not real sounding at all .
 If you 're gon na mess with classic songs - try to make it sound like a concert - then why not try to find tracks that ... do n't fade?For the long-suffering Little Richard fans , who patiently wait for a new song to come out about every three years , and read about albums worth of unreleased recordings , here 's another symbolic kick in the patootie . And not one uncommon cut!Gotta say , the big echo * does * work ! Gives some rather flat-sounding tracks some real depth and impact . So , if you want to hear something * different * among all the strange sameness ... well , the price is fair .
 The problem with I 'M DOING FINE is the songs are basically interchangeable , both lyrically and musically , e.g. I WAN NA MAKE LOVE TO YOU and I WAN NA BE WITH YOU say the same thing.Hill has an expressive , often moving voice . His biggest hit SOMETIMES WHEN WE TOUCH certainly tugged on our heartstrings . However , over his career , Hill has n't taken any risks to enhance his endurance.The only real change of pace is EVERYTIME WE SAY GOODBYE , his soulful duet with Vann Johnson.I 'M DOING FINE is ultimately an unremarkable offering .
 I bought both Vols . 1 and 2 , and saw them one after the other , and I noticed to much jazz filler in both . I want blues . I love and respect the jazz ladies -LRB- Holliday , Leena Horn , et . al. -RRB- but I bought this for the blues . It could have contained more Delta guys , some Chicago artists , West Coast blues , Texas ... come on ! There 's more out there to have made a beautiful video but the jazz filler just does n't seem right on a blues video . And please do n't tell me Billie Holliday is blues !
 I thought the nature sounds would be beautifully enhanced with lovely classical music ... instead , I get nature sounds with a dirge in the background . The `` digitally enhanced '' music -LRB- sic -RRB- sounds are depressing , overwhelming , and make this a poor choice for anyone who is used to the Serenity series of music and nature CDs , or the Simply Serene series . There is nothing serene about these . After attempting to `` listen '' to two of them , I am ready to toss them . A waste of money and a waste of time . Avoid !
 From the very amateurish cover to the demo-quality sound , Rachid 's debut is an album full of good intentions gone awry . Unfortunately , while he is ambitious , he lacks the hubris to really listen and carefully edit , and he tends to do a little too much showing off .
 One look at the album cover , and I hate to say it , but you can tell the lack of overall quality that went into this album . It feels like a demo , with lousy reverb , cheezy strings . There are hints of inspiration , like the submerged drum 'n' bass influence and the awkward string passages , but these seem more forced and show-offy than an integral part of his sound . Amazingly enough , they managed to get a stellar cast of supporting artists , like downtown bassist Greg Cohen , but the overall feel is that of someone who is yet unformed . You 'd be better buying Terence Trent D'Arby , Prince , or D'Angelo , for solid soul . Maybe even look for Neneh Cherry 's import releases . But Rachid is not yet an important musician .
 considering that his father is part of Kool & the Gang you would expect some funk.but then again they went pop soft in the 80 's . but still you 'd expect something in the DNA to rub off.but it does n't happen.much like Eagle Eye Cherry whose Father is a Legend in Jazz Don Cherry he is at best a 2nd tier artist.that 's not much in these lame times of music.his voice & music never rise above run of the mill material .
 Apparently this was my error ... but who makes a cd with only 1 song and sells it for $ 10 ? I guess I should have read the fine print !
 I bought this CD hoping that Capitol would finally release the stereo version of this classic song . Only the music has been released in stereo as part of their boxset . I have read somewhere that the vocals had been lost which is supposedly why we are getting the same mono version once again ; but I do n't buy it ! Oopps ... I already did ! But seriously , do n't waste your money on this one folks .
 Thios is not what I thought I was getting . It is one song peformed in a variety of ways .
 Sorry but this did n't cut it for me . It sounded more like a amateur rehersal tape than what i expect from the Beach Boys !
 I was quite disappointed when I listened to the song I had just purchased . It sounded more like the opening for a Saturday morning cartoon and was not the song that I love , `` Sugar , Sugar '' .
 All of the Archies songs I wanted to hear are here , but the mastering is varied and , at times , terrible . Some of these songs were obviously transferred from incredibly worn vinyl.I purchased this disc -LRB- as opposed to the relatively new collection on Uni/Fuel -RRB- based on one of the previous reviews . I have n't heard the Uni/Fuel collection so I do n't know whether the sound quality is better , but this disc does n't deliver the quality I expected . If you have Archies on vinyl already , you could make your own cd and it would probably sound just as good .
 I 've been a fan of Social D for many , many years . They have consistently been one of the best live acts I 've seen , and I 've probably seen them 25 times . Unfortunately during their last concert at Avalon in Hollywood , not only did their new material not measure up but I had to listen to Mike Ness ' political commentary . I 'll never ask President Bush to sing , and I am not interested in having someone with a high school education and no understanding of economics or foreign policy impart his ignorant viewpoint when I 'm paying to be entertained . To all `` politically minded '' musicians
 Social Distortion is , was and always will be great in concert , but the music on this album does not reflect that at all . It is nothing but rewritten old songs from past albums , and they are not as good . Mike Ness is a genius , so why does he put out such horrible music for his fans to waste thier money on .
 Well , look elsewhere !!! This guy is so bad , so mundane , so whizzbang -- that he even makes Lloyd George look ok ... and the latter is the elevater music of classical
 Dan Hill had two top 40 hits and ten hits on the adult contemporary chart from 1977 to 1994 . Of the tracks on this album , only three are in either category `` Sometimes When We Touch '' , `` All I See Is Your Face '' , and one of his two duets with Rique Franks that charted , `` In Your Eyes '' . The rest of the CD contains an alternate version of `` Sometimes When We Touch '' , two new versions of 80 's hits , and six non-charted songs . If you 're looking for a good collection of Dan Hill 's charted hits , this is NOT it !
 I wonder how many people have a song that by the 2nd time they hear it , they ca n't change the station on the radio fast enough . `` Sometimes When We Touch '' is that song for me .
 If you liked Mike Keneally 's early work like Boil That Dust Speck or Sluggo for its musically varied and often balls-out approach to pop/rock/prog composition , then you probably wo n't like this CD . While there is some attempt at being edgy by using a heavy toned 7 string guitar on one cut , it just never has that ... balls ... that his older stuff had . The quirky collage tracks that used to pepper the earlier CDs are gone too . These are all serious compositions that start and end at the appointed times , something that is a break from the past when an entire 79 minutes of CD space would be somehow or another segued from one piece of musical acrobatics to another . Its ... safe . I guess if you do n't want to actually be challenged by a Keneally record , but want to hear his voice , this could be for you . I found three tracks that sort of even remotely approximated what I have come to expect from Mike , but stuff like Pride Is A Sin , for all it does have going for it , is still sort of sleepy and lustre-free compared to Backwards Deb or Cause of Breakfast . Now , those were rude and fuzzy . Ditto stuff off the Mistakes CD.This was done by one cohesive band for the most part , another new development . Alternately performing under the banner of `` Mike Keneally , '' Beer For Dolphins , '' `` Mike Keneally Band , '' Mike 's output has varied as he has tried to find musicians who can really be his own band of players , and now that he has settled on a single group , the music is tight and snappy , but sort of vanilla . His earlier stuff had band lineups changing by the track , with albums being pieced together from tracks played by various combos , session players , all-solo , and sometimes one unified band . To illustrate that , you could buy Sluggo ! -LRB- billed as Mike Keneally & Beer For Dolphins -RRB- and actually have what amounts to a solo album with 3 different rhythm sections -LRB- only unified by the presence of Bryan Beller , who is the sole bass player in the band now , but on Sluggo , was basically a session player -RRB- coming and going , with some tracks being all solo , and others just being a pastiche of all available talent during the span of recording time . He did do an absolutely solo record with only his name on it -LRB- Nonkertompf -RRB- , but an album later , the band name was Beer For Dolphins once again , and live band was actually recorded at once , with minimal changes . So now , you have the Mike Keneally BAND -LRB- the so-called `` rude and fuzzy quartet , '' which is n't rude OR fuzzy -RRB- playing a cohesive set of tunes , but it just aint so good ... I have heard all of Mike 's output and while this is the best * sounding * of them all in terms of engineering and playing , that alone is not cause to run out a buy a CD . There simply is no spark . It seems that Mike is trying to play it safe in hopes to appeal to a demographic that might be a little wider and less hungry for a musical kick in the nads than the assorted prog/Zappa/guitar hero fans that made up a good deal of his audience for the first decade or so . Maybe he is n't starving anymore . Maybe he does n't feel the need to prove anything to the world anymore . This seems like he is trying to tap into the Phish audience or something -- there is a little more groove to it , the lyrics have a bit more of a sing-songy aspect to them , etc. . There are poppy sounding songs that are all well played , but the sense of adventure does n't come across on this . It is just not his style , even though a certain few licks -LRB- becoming cliches with each passing album -RRB- are in abundance . See , Keneally has the imagination and musical prowess -LRB- and could hire some serious A-grade players instead of the relatively unheard of guys here -RRB- to shred wallpaper at a mile , but it just did n't appear on this album . I think he should stop the pop stuff and go back to the musically gutsy , compositionally distinctive stuff he has done , for that sort of stuff was a place where he alone resided . Who else could compose the Dolphins Medley , or Egg Zooming ? I think some of those things are exclusively his , but this album could have been made by any of a number of growing number of bands . Let me put it this way
 This `` music '' is fine for background if you are having a party with lots of chatter , but for relaxation , not for me . It 's way too heavy on the percussion , lots of `` dut-ti-dut-dut '' stuff going on all the time . The thunderstorm `` rain '' just sounds like somebody pouring a pitcher of water onto a flat rock .
 This is part 2 of 3 in the Laserlight Series Bundled CDs and it is from Anton Hughes.I prefer part 1 and 3 with David Miles Huber , the third being the best.Anton Hughes made a disturbed -LRB- suddenly popping in percussions and guitars -RRB- and influent music.Not good for `` relaxing and meditation '' . As said , take a look at David Miles Huber 's music .
 From the very amateurish cover to the demo-quality sound , Rachid 's debut is an album full of good intentions gone awry . Unfortunately , while he is ambitious , he lacks the hubris to really listen and carefully edit , and he tends to do a little too much showing off .
 One look at the album cover , and I hate to say it , but you can tell the lack of overall quality that went into this album . It feels like a demo , with lousy reverb , cheezy strings . There are hints of inspiration , like the submerged drum 'n' bass influence and the awkward string passages , but these seem more forced and show-offy than an integral part of his sound . Amazingly enough , they managed to get a stellar cast of supporting artists , like downtown bassist Greg Cohen , but the overall feel is that of someone who is yet unformed . You 'd be better buying Terence Trent D'Arby , Prince , or D'Angelo , for solid soul . Maybe even look for Neneh Cherry 's import releases . But Rachid is not yet an important musician .
 considering that his father is part of Kool & the Gang you would expect some funk.but then again they went pop soft in the 80 's . but still you 'd expect something in the DNA to rub off.but it does n't happen.much like Eagle Eye Cherry whose Father is a Legend in Jazz Don Cherry he is at best a 2nd tier artist.that 's not much in these lame times of music.his voice & music never rise above run of the mill material .
 Lord help me , I bought this because I thought it was the pre-Saxon version of SOB -LRB- they formed in 1974 and changed their name to Saxon soon after -RRB- and that these recordings were ya know ... vintage.But no . It is 1996 and Graham Oliver and Steve Dawson have re-formed the OLD band for some reason , and here we have some passable if run-of-the-mill metal with painfully generic singer -LRB- Ted Bullet of Thunderhead `` fame '' -RRB- , whom I suspect wrote that other review . And is responsible for talking about a `` slob-job on my throb-knob '' on this record . Please.Since I would n't want my own misinformation to detract from the actual quality herein -- two stars . But that 's because I did n't figure in the power of my disappointment .
 Dan Hill had two top 40 hits and ten hits on the adult contemporary chart from 1977 to 1994 . Of the tracks on this album , only three are in either category `` Sometimes When We Touch '' , `` All I See Is Your Face '' , and one of his two duets with Rique Franks that charted , `` In Your Eyes '' . The rest of the CD contains an alternate version of `` Sometimes When We Touch '' , two new versions of 80 's hits , and six non-charted songs . If you 're looking for a good collection of Dan Hill 's charted hits , this is NOT it !
 I wonder how many people have a song that by the 2nd time they hear it , they ca n't change the station on the radio fast enough . `` Sometimes When We Touch '' is that song for me .
 Either the recording was botched or the musicians are so avant-garde that I have no idea what message they are trying to convey . It really sounds like the CD was made from a tape going the wrong speed !
 After a number of albums sounding more or less the same , I have indeed grown tired of Pat Travers . And it 's not just because he 's doing the same thing over and over - the quality in material have become rather weak over the years . `` Blues tracks '' from 1992 may be Travers first real attempt on power blues and he did it very well indeed . After that , things have gone downhill with the exception of `` Blues magnet '' in 1994 . But albums like `` Just a touch '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and `` Halfway to somewhere '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- is n't really exciting , and `` Looking up '' from 1996 is n't good at all -LRB- primary due to lack of good material -RRB- . But die hard fans , who ca n't get enough of this kind of repetitive blues will perhaps find pleasure in this release .
 First of all these CDs claim to be original recordings from THE JUDY GARLAND SHOW -LRB- 1963-1964 on CBS-TV -RRB- . SOME of them are . There are also a number of studio tracks with and without applause added . Of the tracks which ARE from the show some have canned applause added to `` enhance '' them and many are reproduced at the wrong speed . The fidelity of the recordings is also extremely variable . Pass this one by and go out and get THE JUDY GARLAND SHOW on DVD . The sounds and images found there are fabulous and do justice to Judy 's legacy .
 Just forgive me that simple sentence
 This is one of the few drawbacks of buying online . If I had been able to pick up this cd and turn it over , I would be able to read that almost all of these songs were not original recordings , but remakes . I figured they were `` Roger Whitaker - Greatest Hits '' , not `` Roger Whitaker-Greatest Hits Inexplicably Re-recorded '' .
 Sadly - this cd is a bad deal . labeled as `` greatest hits '' - the cd contains only 11 tracks - it is low in quantity -LRB- total playing time
 I ordered this CD specially for `` The Last Farewell '' - a favorite of my husband and I for many years . How disappointing that the beginning is garbled beyond being able to understand the words ...
 Our family grew up with Roger Whitaker 's voice anytime we were in the car . Somehow I lost that recording -LRB- which was about a quarter century old ! -RRB- Therefore , I worked diligently to find out which of his offerings were the real thing - that is original recordings , with the original tempo . It was disheartening to find so many re-recordings done just enough differently to not bring out the wonder that was Roger back in the 60 's and 70 's . We attended a concert about 6 years ago and found that not only did he not perform those wonderful oldies he was famous for , but his interest was really more about his love and concern for his African countrymen . If he wants to sell , he needs to bring back those original recordings !
 sound like the songs -LRB- the bigger hits at least -RRB- are re-makes at a much later time !! -LRB- not as good -RRB- . disapointing to say the least . . >> The seller was top notch and i got the cd in record time !! < < IT WAS THE RECORD COMPANY . . NOT THE SELLER THAT I HAVE A BEEF WITH !! THE SELLER IS GREAT AND I WILL ORDER FROM HIM AGAIN !!
 Well , White Lion was one of the greatest rock and roll bands from 80 's , Mike tramp and Vitto were the Jon and Richie from Bon Jovi at that time . The band really kick ass at this concert BUT THE DVD HASA REALLY BAD SOUND , AWFULL IMAGE , it 's a shame because they really played very well , they were awesome in those concerts , the company Deadline records and Mike tramp did not a well work presenting a video like this . Anyway ! if you are a fan GET IT !
 I am a big fan of White Lion , and would be the last one to ever say something bad about them , but this video BEWARE ... it 's a massive money grab . The live footage is bootleg quality at best . One of the songs , which I think was filmed in NYC , it looks like it was transferred from a 3rd rate vhs copy , not the original source material . I 've seen bootlegs with better quality than this . Even if you 're a fan , I would n't recommend this , because you should get what you pay for . This dvd , you do n't get nothing even remotely watchable . The japan footage is the worst . It 's so dark , and blurry , ya can barely even see the band . I would n't have even released this if it could n't be up to today 's standards.I 've seen TV series ' that were not remastered , and were still about 500 % better in quality than this . So , for any White Lion fans out there , do n't waste your money on this , it 's a complete money grab , and you 'll regret it later . Shame on whoever released this piece of crap .
 I 'd really like to give this band negative stars but I am forbidden to do that . After giving this album , that 's chock full of crap , numerous chances , I came to the conclusion that this band seems to possess a lack of talent due to the fact that they 're trying to copy the grunge bands from Seattle . Either they need to go back to the studio and write some original music or put on some tye-dye shirts and hug trees and what not . Do not , and may I emphasize DO NOT , buy this album .
 Days of the New have failed to gain my favour . They seem to lack original ideas and rely too heavily on sounds of the past , i.e. , Alice in Chains , Pearl Jam , and the other grunge godfathers . Critical music fans may want to check out the new Mercury Rev or the latest Yo La Tengo albums instead .
 days of the new sounds like a soft alice in chains . this band needs to rock . they consider this band grunge . they are a soft grunge . grunge is not dead !!!!! there 's still mudhoney !!!!!! days of the new should rock hard with a good grunge sound .
 When I first heard this record -LRB- which was my last -RRB- , I asked myself `` how can they get away with making music that sounds like Chris Cornell ? '' Amongst other Seatle bands , whom we will not name , Days of the New is nothing different and it 's no surprise that they 're being played on the radio ... just another boring band with as much talent as all the other cloners .
 As distraught as I was at the demise of Soundgarden , I was doubly nauseated by this reincarnation . These guys are an abortion . If you are looking for rock with an acoustic bent , check out Guster .
 It is pure garbage DO NOT buy this CD please
 This album really did n't surpise me . You see , I heard the same crap , when it was called Alice in Chains . I just do n't understand the attraction to unplugging an already lousy and uninspired band -LRB- Alice in Chains -RRB- . These girls should sell out and get haircuts like the other crappy bands they try so hard to emulate , namely Metallica and Bon Jovi . And oh yeah , learn to play your instruments .
 As distraught as I was at the demise of Soundgarden , I was doubly nauseated by this reincarnation . These guys are an abortion . If you are looking for rock with an acoustic bent , check out Guster .
 Pretty boring album , except for the song `` The Down Town , '' which is just awesome ; hard to believe it comes off the same record as the rest of the not-so-exciting songs . All of the songs , except this particular one , are way too slow , in the most boring way , for anyone to be able to truly get into it .
 This weak debut by the acoustic , Alice in Chains-like rockers was a monumental disappointment . The Bush look-alikes sings slabs of mayhem with so-called hits such as `` Touch , peel , and skin '' , and `` clinger '' . This sludge , acoustic crap has the potential of going nowhere .
 Every song sounds the same and tuned down i guess so the singer can sing in the ony key he can . This band needs some experience and hard knocks , they might be able to produce a cd with a big name producer but lack live playing ability .
 `` I 'd really like to give this band negative stars but I am forbidden to do that . After giving this album , that 's chock full of crap , numerous chances , I came to the conclusion that this band seems to possess a lack of talent due to the fact that they 're trying to copy the grunge bands from Seattle . Either they need to go back to the studio and write some original music or put on some tye-dye shirts and hug trees and what not . Do not , and may I emphasize DO NOT , buy this album . '' - A music fan who has the same idea with me
 Days of the New , have nothing new to say at all . In fact , if you ever listened to Alice in Chains talk about the rooster or heaven being beside you or what have you , then you 've heard this uninspired , utilitarian band too . These guys break no new ground in the post Seattle grunge scene . And while many claim that making a conscious effort to be unplugged was a step into new territory , it is obvious by their unkempt looks and matted hair , that electricity is not available in their neighborhood . And so making the best of what they do n't have , Days of the New have failed to get my seal of approval .
 These guys are trying way too hard to be Alice in Chains . I 'm not a big Alice in Chains fan , but I 'm sure that would be an insult . These guys have failed to escape the mold of your average white band and seemed to doomed to a mediocre musical career . Watch for these future window cleaners on the carwash tour -LRB- along with all of the other average bands out there that take themselves too seriously , namely the Seven Mary Threes and the Ass Ponies and The Dishwalla -RRB- .
 As a Westlife fan I am sorry to say this is the worst song they have released as a single .
 The overall quality of the songs and arrangements appear to be just a way to make an album and money .
 Roger Whittaker 's other 2 Christmas CDs are among my most favorite , which is why I took a chance on this 1 . However , this 1 is awful - unknown songs sung badly .
 Even though we love Roger Whitaker , this particular CD does not have the traditional Christmas carols and music that we were expecting . Terribly disappointed in this purchase .
 While a vast improvement over her days as a `` variey '' singer 68-71 , this album falls short of her fun , carefree pop as a `` y&eacute; - y&eacute; '' girl . New hubby tries to give Mlle. Gall her first dose of credibility with more personal , introspective songs . But , for the most part , they sound like standard fare early 70 's pop which , by today 's standards , is less interesting than her standard fare 60 's songs.Nonetheless , this album somehow managed to bring Mlle. Gall back into the French psyche , giving her the undeserved immortality of the likes of Johnny Holliday -LRB- who still gets front page mention in the MATCH to this day , despite the fact he 's never had any talent whatsoever -RRB- . Independent of comparisons to her previous or later work , this album , at best , sounds like ABBA B-sides . Pleasant but unsubstantial . `` Comment lui dire '' starts the album off strongly but the rest of the album seems to trail off.France 's limited ability to hold a pitch was endearing in her sweet adolescent days , but with her new `` grown-up '' sound leaves alot to be desired.Indeed , it was the wild , experimental choice of everything from Beatles to Jazz to psychedelica that made the early period Fance Gall records so appealing . This record may have seemed mature and well produced for the time , but now it seems too `` safe . `` Nowhere in the league of `` Baby Pop '' or `` 1968 . ''
 This CD is a waste of money . It comes from Japan , so it costs a lot . There are very few tracks on this CD . All of them are remix 's and one remix is simply the same as the original except one word is changed ! The songs are just too silly and hyperactive . Smile has made these songs even faster and more extreme than the originals . Stick to Smile 's original albums and save your money .
 Days of the New have failed to gain my favour . They seem to lack original ideas and rely too heavily on sounds of the past , i.e. , Alice in Chains , Pearl Jam , and the other grunge godfathers . Critical music fans may want to check out the new Mercury Rev or the latest Yo La Tengo albums instead .
 days of the new sounds like a soft alice in chains . this band needs to rock . they consider this band grunge . they are a soft grunge . grunge is not dead !!!!! there 's still mudhoney !!!!!! days of the new should rock hard with a good grunge sound .
 When I first heard this record -LRB- which was my last -RRB- , I asked myself `` how can they get away with making music that sounds like Chris Cornell ? '' Amongst other Seatle bands , whom we will not name , Days of the New is nothing different and it 's no surprise that they 're being played on the radio ... just another boring band with as much talent as all the other cloners .
 As distraught as I was at the demise of Soundgarden , I was doubly nauseated by this reincarnation . These guys are an abortion . If you are looking for rock with an acoustic bent , check out Guster .
 It is pure garbage DO NOT buy this CD please
 This album really did n't surpise me . You see , I heard the same crap , when it was called Alice in Chains . I just do n't understand the attraction to unplugging an already lousy and uninspired band -LRB- Alice in Chains -RRB- . These girls should sell out and get haircuts like the other crappy bands they try so hard to emulate , namely Metallica and Bon Jovi . And oh yeah , learn to play your instruments .
 As distraught as I was at the demise of Soundgarden , I was doubly nauseated by this reincarnation . These guys are an abortion . If you are looking for rock with an acoustic bent , check out Guster .
 Pretty boring album , except for the song `` The Down Town , '' which is just awesome ; hard to believe it comes off the same record as the rest of the not-so-exciting songs . All of the songs , except this particular one , are way too slow , in the most boring way , for anyone to be able to truly get into it .
 This weak debut by the acoustic , Alice in Chains-like rockers was a monumental disappointment . The Bush look-alikes sings slabs of mayhem with so-called hits such as `` Touch , peel , and skin '' , and `` clinger '' . This sludge , acoustic crap has the potential of going nowhere .
 Every song sounds the same and tuned down i guess so the singer can sing in the ony key he can . This band needs some experience and hard knocks , they might be able to produce a cd with a big name producer but lack live playing ability .
 `` I 'd really like to give this band negative stars but I am forbidden to do that . After giving this album , that 's chock full of crap , numerous chances , I came to the conclusion that this band seems to possess a lack of talent due to the fact that they 're trying to copy the grunge bands from Seattle . Either they need to go back to the studio and write some original music or put on some tye-dye shirts and hug trees and what not . Do not , and may I emphasize DO NOT , buy this album . '' - A music fan who has the same idea with me
 Days of the New , have nothing new to say at all . In fact , if you ever listened to Alice in Chains talk about the rooster or heaven being beside you or what have you , then you 've heard this uninspired , utilitarian band too . These guys break no new ground in the post Seattle grunge scene . And while many claim that making a conscious effort to be unplugged was a step into new territory , it is obvious by their unkempt looks and matted hair , that electricity is not available in their neighborhood . And so making the best of what they do n't have , Days of the New have failed to get my seal of approval .
 These guys are trying way too hard to be Alice in Chains . I 'm not a big Alice in Chains fan , but I 'm sure that would be an insult . These guys have failed to escape the mold of your average white band and seemed to doomed to a mediocre musical career . Watch for these future window cleaners on the carwash tour -LRB- along with all of the other average bands out there that take themselves too seriously , namely the Seven Mary Threes and the Ass Ponies and The Dishwalla -RRB- .
 I 'd really like to give this band negative stars but I am forbidden to do that . After giving this album , that 's chock full of crap , numerous chances , I came to the conclusion that this band seems to possess a lack of talent due to the fact that they 're trying to copy the grunge bands from Seattle . Either they need to go back to the studio and write some original music or put on some tye-dye shirts and hug trees and what not . Do not , and may I emphasize DO NOT , buy this album .
 The case on the CD had a large crack in it and it was a gift to a family member . Thank you . Kathy M.
 All of these songs are remakes made in the 70s . They are not the original recordings . Sadly , neither this web site 's description nor the packaging of the set informs customers of this . The fact that these are remakes becomes clear only after you open the first CD in the set and read the liner notes . Since this web site wo n't allow returns of opened CDs , I want to warn others so they are n't ripped off too . The remakes are n't even faithful to the R&B genre
 Only to be used as very distant background music , if that . A listening peson will realize that this is music made electronically with little human thought or inspiration . It costs little and that is what you get - little effort .
 Not a very good set . Sounds like a kid messing with a sythisizer .
 The beat paterns are very similar and get boring after a week or two . Some people say that the CM are just commercialized techno , and they are . they do n't deserve to be called techno , they are electronica , the sad , sad term the music industry had given to this genre . They are closer to pop really . Just because someone uses drum machines and keyboards does not make them techno or trance etc. etc. . They are not like the Chem Bros. or Prodigy , Prod . and the ChemBros . just made records and people picked up on several of the songs and made them really popular and commercial looking but unlike the CM they did not go out with the intent of making music that would be overplayed in commercials and on the radio . Prodigy is quitting because they think they are too popular . This has left no imprint on the `` electronic '' music industry no matter what that one comment below me says . Go buy something by Underworld , like Dubno , 2nd Toughest , Beacoup Fish , well anything , or anything by 808 State or the ORB if you want trippy .
 I thought the crystal method 's `` music '' was too technical and computer produced . I bought it because I liked `` busy child '' -LRB- from the GAP commercial -RRB- , but really when I played it , it was too repetitive , and dull . Same goes for the rest of the CD .
 This CD is mediocre derivative big beat pop . I would rather listen to C and C music factory or Technotronic . -LRB- thats a joke son -RRB- I figure the people who like this CD are new to the scene so I will forgive them for propping up these con artists.When I look for new electronica I look for something fresh . There are so many CDs with the same old `` off the shelf '' , `` paint by number '' slammin beats I need something a little creative.Whenever I hear a mediocre Chemical Brothers cut , I know I 'm listening to Crystal method . These dudes are good opertunistic bussiness men , I will give them that.This CD is boring , I ca n't even listen to it.why pay money to listen to car commercial music .
 I have to say after becoming accustomed by djs and producersthat actually have talent , this cd is old trendy -LSB- stuff -RSB- . I have tried listening to this cd numerous times after seeing tons of good -LSB- comments -RSB- but it still just does n't do it . Go pick up some quality mixes like Frankie Bones ' `` You know my name '' or even check out Danny Tenaglia 's GU Athens - do n't waste your cash
 Go into a music store and check out any keyboard that costs around 1500 bucks . Wow ! You just discovered all those slammin crystll method sounds .4 notes is not a melody .
 crystal method are a joke . missing the point of electronic music completely and creating repetitive unoriginal tracks . no wonder they became so popular , just another reason nobody respects electronic music . people keep making acts like this famous .
 The Crystal Method scores about a point out of ten for originality . ` Vegas ' is about as groundbreaking as an earthworm on Valium . But , the boys do succeed at creating a wretchedly catchy album . A word of warning though , ` Vegas ' seems to have served as a gateway for many into purer forms of electronic music -- a move I highly recommend . Once you discover the infinite possibilities available just from techno and trance , ` Vegas ' will seem about as played out as any Celine-Mariah-whomever generica . In the Grand Scheme of Things -LRB- tm -RRB- , the Method is a faint blip on the radar best left to ad execs hopelessly trying to sell junk to 18-to-35 year-old males . Oh well , at least commercials are slightly more interesting now .
 this album lacks what i demand from music nowadays
 Having never really been into the techno scene , besides owning a compliation featuring acts such as Ron D. Core and Oscar Da Grouch , I went into this completely unbiased . Well maybe that 's not all that true . After watching the movie Fight Club I was enthralled with the soundtrack that was funny , poetic , dramatic , and above all others great to bob your head to . So anyway , I listened to the Crystal Method because I liked the Filter/Crystal Method version of Trip Like I Do on the Spawn Soundtrack . At first the beats were well intertwined and layerd so that you could get into it . Then basically as John Cusack put it in High Fidelity `` I just want something that I can ignore '' , and thats exactly what it became . I found it so pointless that I could n't even work out to it . The songs became more and more repetative . I would definitly suggest the Fight Club Soundtrack by The Dust Brothers . Besides being a great album by a couple of great artists even I know , despite my lack of techno education , that they are the forfathers and cfeators of layered tracks . Just listen to Shake Your Rump from the Beastie Boys album Pauls Boutique .
 I 've been listening to techno and all it 's other little byproducts and whatnot for a few years now . The first cd I picked up from the genre was the Crystal Method 's Vegas , and I liked it , so I bought more techno , and I liked that . And more , and more ... my collection now consists of names like Photek , Wagon Christ , the Chemicals , the FSOL , Orbital , and many more , and looking back , though the Crystal Method may be a decent stepping stone from pop to techno , it basically sucks compared to my other stuff . A bit of advice
 I bought the `` Keep Hope Alive '' single on a whim , was very impressed , so I went out and found the album `` Vegas . '' After I had listened to it , I was amazed at how more boring it was than the mixes on the `` KHA '' single . There 's just nothing that really seperates each song from each other . They have strong beats , weird samples ... but nothing particularly different , unique , or interesting . Also , the songs are generally about twice as long as they need to be.If you can still find it , buy the KHA single instead of the album . `` Vegas '' is really just sonic wallpaper .
 I love the techno-pop sound . None do it as well as the Europeans though . Vegas sounds like they record in someones bedroom . The drums are hollow , the keyboards edgy and cheap ... It 's hard to turn it up loud enough . It 's not real bad - just bad .
 I 've never written a review before , as I find most of the reviews written by other Amazon.com customers are sufficiently helpful . But there 's a first time for everything.I 'm a long-time Amazon.com shopper and browse a lot . I 'd never heard of this CD , and as no cover image was available , I relied heavily on the advise of others ... However , once I received the CD and popped it in , was there any music from Coldplay ? Nope ! The back cover states : `` This is a spoken word product and contains no original music by the artist . It is not authorised by the artists , their record company or management . `` If you want to hear a history of Coldplay and why they are great , go ahead and buy the CD ; but do n't expect to hear any material by them.Long story short ... buyer beware .
 It was really not clear when purchasing this CD that it is only spoken word . I was at least able to determine this by reading the cover before taking off the plastic . How disappointing , especially for someone relatively new to Coldplay 's music .
 What is this ??? The `` Echoes of Nature '' boxed set does n't contain natural recordings at all . Instead there are synthesized `` natural sounds '' with music , by `` David Miles Huber '' . I 'm not sure what Laserlight is trying to pull here , but proceed with caution . What 's listed on the box may not be what 's inside .
 Just because you enjoyed Ryan Adams ' solo albums does n't mean you will enjoy this one . He is much more entertaining on his own . The songs are ok , but they are n't as good as his solo work . You will want to listen to it before you buy it .
 As a HUGE fan of the Replacements , Townes Van Zandt , Gram Parsons , early REM , and the Byrds , I find this album to be a calculated , pretentious and uninspired rip-off of the Uncle Tupelo sound . Whiskeytown sound like they 're trying to hide weak songwriting skills behind a facade of Americana authenticity.Although one or two songs start to take off a bit , the most promising song -- `` Houses on the Hill '' -- is a near-plagiarism job on Neil Young 's `` Thrasher '' . Once you make the connection , you just might have to get rid of this CD , not only because it is one annoying album , but on principle.And glorifying being a drunken loser is a dead end , not just musically -- in LIFE !
 This was a very disappointing buy . I immediately returned it when I realized the best song was basically the borrowed chords and vibe of Neil Young 's `` Thrasher '' with different and sometimes embarrassingly pretentious lyrics ; show me someone who can use the word `` artifact '' in a country/rock song without sounding ridiculous , and I have a bridge in NYC to sell you!This stuff does n't come anywhere close to the raw honest emotion of Paul Westerberg 's stuff when he was still writing great songs . Whiskeytown 's attempt at a hard-luck , wizened stance sounds like a total pose to me , especially when I saw them playing on public television and noticed how much hairspray and or money their singer must have spent on his carefully messed-up hair!He does have a good voice , but they might be better off as a Gram Parsons cover band .
 BEWARE ! This is NOT the original Rhino compilation , which was wonderful and is currently Out of Print . This is a repackaged version which contains some of the original material , HOWEVER ... apparently Rod McKuen liked it so much , he decided to redistribute it replacing his own versions of MANY of the songs ! Now , if you like Rod McKuen , this set is for YOU ! Personally , I am not THAT fond of the man or his voice , and I 'm REALLY annoyed that he replaced Anthony Newley 's rendition of Johnny Mercer 's `` This time the dream 's on me '' with his own . It 's hard enough to find recordings of Newley without this sort of sacrilege . I wo n't even go into the other horrors of this CD . Suffice it to say , go for the original Rhino compilation . DO N'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID !!!
 Sounds as though it were recorded at a fifty-cent keggar . Lousy selecton of songs . Sounds like she was beat .
 Sounds as though it were recorded at a fifty-cent keggar . Lousy selecton of songs . Sounds like she was beat .
 Jacob Berendes -LRB- _ Ordem E Progresso _ -RRB- goes for a more folky , acoustic-guitar style in this , his second album . While it lacks some of the electronic-audio-collage flair of his previous album , Berendes ' absurdist sense remains well in evidence and he even reveals a bit more of a personal , sensitive side .
 I , on the other hand , found this album to be not-too-helpful . I AM a harsh grader , but The Best Of the Bird is made up of un-labeled takes at clubs . In other words
 I have an old LP album of the same title as this Cd and with the same photo of Fats on the cover that I consider excellant . I thought this Cd was that album but its not - not even close . Very disapointing .
 This is perhaps the worst album of the year . I had high hopes , but upon first listen I discovered this album really lacked everything previous albums had . Even `` CLAYMAN '' which I also thought was a very horrible album beats this . It 's main problem is its not In Flames . It sounds like some Nu-Metal band trying to be something their not . I do like Nu-Metal , but In Flames is n't that type . They never have been , and they should n't have changed . They made a big mistake with this album . They also created a void in fans with this album . Even if their next album were back to basics it would n't be able to save this fan . I like change , but I like change for the better .
 I bought the CD . I listened to it . I sold it . Why ? -- The vocals are 80 % clean , soft spokened however mixed with some decent fretwork . This did not make one such as myself very thrilled . I do n't buy records to hear someones emotions or try to relate to their pain -- I buy for entertainment and basic sound . This sounds bad .
 How could you let them do this ?? In Flames = sellouts . Listen to songs like the title track and `` Cloud Connected '' or any of the ballads . Then listen to anything from `` Whoracle '' or `` Colony '' . Hard to believe it 's the same guys . In Flames has officially made their transition from melodic death metal messiahs to the `` next big thing '' . The comparisons to Metallica are right !! Whoracle/Jester Race/Colony = KEA/RTL/MOPClayman = AJFARtR = Black/Load/Reload
 This album is garbage . I love in flames and i ca n't find anything nice to say about this album except that when thrown from a moving car it flies really nice and shatters into a million pieces !
 I used to love in flames ... Back when Whoracle was new I was listening to it constantly . Then Colony was just as awesome . Then Clayman was awesome too ... but granted not their best . Now I think their popularity has overcome them . To be honest with you , I think they are trying to sound like Soilwork on this album ; and do it poorly . And whats with all the ... quiet clean vocals ? They sound awful . ... If you heard this cd and didnt know it was In Flames , you 'd probably say it -LSB- was n't good -RSB- . Bad CD ; not In Flames . VERY DISSAPOINTING
 This has got to be the worst In Flames album yet ... if you have been listening to them since Lunar Strain and Jester Race . I wouldnt exactly call this selling out because i do n't really think even mainstream kids would be into Reroute to Remain . I dont know what to call it . Sure I like keyboards and synths ... when Im listening to Dimmu Borgir or Emperor or some other black metal . It just doesnt seem to fit in with the classic In Flames style . And the vocals . In past In Flames albums such as Clayman -LRB- Square Nothing -RRB- and Whoracle -LRB- Gyroscope -RRB- I tought is was cool the way songs would start out mellow and then end up being heavy and some of the best songs on the albums . But now a lot of the songs are just mellow . There are songs with out a trace of a growl or screech . The only thing I want to praise this album on is that it does have some catchy riffs even if they do sound drownded out . If you want to hear some great In Flames check out their heaviest album Lunar Strain , also Jester Race , Whoracle , Colony , and Clayman .
 In Flames has officially lost their touch . WIth this album , they moved themselves into the generic mainstream metal genre , and in doing so , turned themselves into `` just another '' band . Though Cloud Connected is a pretty good song , the rest of the album is dull and monotone , with a few extra notes here and there . I loved every album they made before this one , and I 've hated every album after it . A true shame .
 I 'm surprised to see so many positive reviews for this album because I was pretty disappointed when I heard it . I 'm not a fan of nu metal and to me , that 's what it sounds like . I do n't think In flames are selling out or anything like that I think they were simply experimenting . What ruins this album for me is purely the way its been produced . The catchy melodies typical of In Flames are still present but it seems they 've been put into the back ground and a thrashy nu metal guitar rhythm overpowers them in the foreground . I find myself straining my ears to hear the real music . Its a bit of a shame really - I think it could have been a really good album . Having said that , the track Metaphor is a little bit different , very interesting and worth checking out .
 Ive been into In Flames since the day `` The Jester Race '' came out , so I can proudly say they have been my favorite band . . up until 9/3/02 . Holy ... Batman , what a load of donkey doo-doo . I can honestly say this is not the old , good In Flames we used to know and love . Gone are teh uplifting melodies that used to be stuck in your head for days ... replaced with some of the worst singing I have ever heard . His growling vocals are still jsut as good , but the clean vocals remind me of . . * shudder * Jonathan Davis of KoRn . The music is a bit heavier than previous albums , but that is becasue the melodies have been pretty much scrapped , and there are 3 or 4 solos on teh whole album , the weakest the band has ever done . If you are new to this band . . please dont get this . . get one of the masterpieces before The Jester Race , Colony , or Whoracle .
 I love just about every In Flames album except this one . Compared to my other favorites such as Episode 666 , Clayman , Jotun , etc etc , these songs are horrible . This is just the opinion of myself and under 10 other Flames fans that I 've talked to , so maybe we 're in the minority . I do like Minus and Cloud Connected though . It only gets 2 stars overall from me though .
 Is this the same band that put out Whoracle or is this another Ozzfest / / MTV NU-Metal band ? This CD has made me lose all respect for In Flames . I love Swedish Death Metal do n't get me wrong -LRB- At The Gates , Naglfar , Night In Gales , etc. . -RRB- but this CD sounds like a mix of NU-Metal vocals mixed with White Zombie type keyboards and organs , give break guys and whats with the Trigger CD all the dance house techno mix -LSB- junk -RSB- , and a David Bowie , whats next a Michael Jackson cover or a stupid rapper on your next CD . IN FLAMES IS THE BIGGEST SELLOUT BAND SINCE METALLICA ,
 I used to be an in flames fan until this album came out , it 's that bad .
 This CD is like a diesease that has no cure . Firstly the music is nothing like the real In Flames I listened to when I first became a fan in 1995 , they just keep getting worse instead of better . I 'm sorry I will still listen to Lunar Strain and Whoracle but you lost another fan .
 Okay first of all there are three types of people on this planet , those who like the old `` In Flames '' , those who like the new `` In Flames '' , and people that do n't even know who `` In Flames '' are . I personally fall into # 1 , which means I like all of their old stuff , espicially Whoracle , and Jester Race/Black Ash . If you fall into category # 2 , then you really need to rethink this . This review area for this album has turned into message board with people arguing back and forth about old and new . Its time to set you all straight.For the people who like the new in flames , please listen to the song `` Dialogue with the Stars '' , and tell me how the hell `` trigger '' even compares with this , or any of the songs rather . If you still like the new crap , read this section over again until you do n't , or just forget about in flames ! Do n't give them support for their crap ! -LRB- dont get me wrong here , i still love them , and i listen to old albums everyday ! -RRB- For the people who like the old in flames , please listen to the song `` Trigger '' ... . Are you laughing yet ? You should be , because its total nu-metal crap . For all the people that dont know who in flames are , dont start with `` Reroute to Remain '' , I would suggest starting with their earliest album and moving your way up , this way you will respect songs like `` Wayfaerer '' and `` Jester Script Transfigured '' ! E-mail me please and let me know which you like better , old or new . I wana see how many people actually like this `` nu '' crap . Thanksoldinflamesbetter@hotmail.comE-MAIL ME !
 terrible CD , go back to your roots guys your losing the real fans that put you on the map in the first place .
 What an extreme disappointment . In Flames was one of the only bands I could count on to consistently put out good music ... I guess that has come to an end with this ... of an album . They seem to be following in the the footsteps of another formerly good band , Amorphis . -LRB- If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , check out Tales from the Thousand Lakes , then check out Tuonela -RRB- . There 's terrible , at times laughable -LRB- non-death -RRB- vocals , rarely any decent guitar work , and mostly just the same tired , uninspired metal riffs we 've heard a hundred times over . And that 's not considering the corny ... lyrics -LRB- which you can now understand -RRB- , poorly done keyboards and other annoying , terrible sounding ... that 's thrown in there for good measure .
 Around 1994 , I heard a song called `` Behind Space '' from a then pretty much unknown band from Sweden . I scoured the Internet to find out who was this band who recorded this incredible song . It was n't long before I found out who it was and started buying everything they had available and awaited newer material with bated breath . Then `` The Jester Race '' was released and I knew this was a band to be reckoned with . Fast forward a couple of years and I noticed their releases became different and frankly more generic . Still , I gave them the benefit of the doubt ... then they release this `` thing '' . Frankly this album sucks , I even felt embarrased playing it in front of my friends . I think In Flames started to believe critics when they -LRB- critics -RRB- said simply In Flames were rehashing the same stuff - they were n't . Even if they did want to change their style , there is a way to do it without sucking -LRB- see
 all and all this is a decent album , but doesnt come close to the meoldic and heavy songs on colony , clayman , or whoracle , -LRB- my favorite in flames albums -RRB- . this album just goes a little too mainstream and lacks some of the melodic , original solos that are on the previous albums . its almost like evry song sounds the same with a lame chorus added to it . Dont get me wrong , i love in flames and cant wait until their new album comes out , but i just hope its heavier and more melodic metal we have seen on their pervious works before R2R .
 I rate all their first records from Lunar strain to Colony as 5 star releases . Colony is a little weaker and sounds more like a party record but still very good , Clayman was a point in the right direction , wich I thought was to be followed up on this record . Before it was released I heard rumors saying that the type was changed from Melodic deathmetal to Nu-metal like Limp bizkit or Slipknot . I can tell you now that it wasnt the case . In Flames has once again gone their own way , but it sounds more commercial than all their other releases . I dont like the direction in wich this is heading , and to put 14 similar songs on one CD is just too much . Anders Friden sounds no longer as chaotic as he used to and the clean vocals are just an attempt to find a wider audience . Annother thing is that the synth takes over much of the Guitar parts and the typical inflames doubbel solos are gone . Verry dull . No track is very special and the only track i like is the title track -LRB- even if the other ones are listnable -RRB- . If you dont like this new direction buy their previous records and also try Dark tranquillity , AT the gates and Dark Funeral .
 this disc is NOTHING compared to `` The Jester Race '' , `` Whoracle '' , and `` Colony '' . im not saying that because i dont like the new sound -LRB- i like `` Soundtrack to Your Escape '' , also -RRB- , im just saying it because this album has 3 good songs ... and thats all.Standout tracks
 I used to be a In Flames fan , but where are the double guitarmelodies and the cool structures . These are hits who are easily to listen to but none of them are any interesting or fun and they sound very similar . Buy something else .
 What in frikkin hell happened ? They are such sellouts , especially now they released the Trigger single with the new song ` watch them feed ' . Thats a totally nu-metal song . I liked Clayman , I do n't know why people bash it , it was a departure from their sound , but still was Swedish death metal . My favorite is still Whoracle . I only gave this 2 stars cause I still liked some songs on it , like Trigger .
 This album put the classic heavy In Flames to shame . The clean vocals are much too poppy to be anything this band would put out . The music is n't wild enough either . I must agree with the aforementioned Dark album analogy . This is not black metal , simply put . People who do like intense death/black should n't look here , or even on Clayman for that matter . It 's too bad they had to sellout and go for the masses instead of where they were truly appreciated . Fans of this album should check out Killswitch Engage , other pop-metal .
 I will start off by saying that , after reading some of the other reviews for this album , I agree it is always good to expand your musical horizon . But In Flames went in the wrong direction in my opinion.First off , the Album consists of boring , lackluster vocals that lack any sense of depth . Secondly , The guitar work is genreic , boring and gets stale towards the end . Musicianship in general seems to be missing . Perhaps I 'm being slightly unfair in my opinion , seeing as how I CAN NOT stand ANY nu-metal in any of its forms , but that 's just it . In Flames was n't nu-metal before.For those of you who are hardcore In Flames fans , you 'll either love it becuase it 's In Flames , or you wo n't be able to get past the fact that it just ended up being another nu-metal album that will probably be forgotten in the next 2 years.The reason I give it 2 stars instead of one is because , though I do n't like their new sound at all , I give them credit for having taken a new path . It is hard to change your style completely and not have a few people frown on it -LRB- myself included -RRB- . To me , this album is failed ambition . But that does n't mean it 's an utter failure , and it does n't mean everyone feels that it was failed ambition .
 I actually liked Clayman quite alot , though it was a bit of a departure from their signature sound it still had all the elements that made In Flames a great band . So , they had the benefit of the doubt when I went and bought Reroute to Remain , I was hoping I 'd not be let down . Saddly though , this was not to be the case . The first thing which struck me , was the quallity of the production , or rather the lack of it . Ander 's growls are almost totally lost amidst an excess of vocal effects and seemingly poor mix work . The rest of the production work is adequate , but nowhere near the perfection of Clayman.The lack of guitar melodies established with Clayman continues here , to an even greater degree , with many riffs being rather chunky and lethargic rather than driving and powerful . The groove of the songs is rather lacking as well , seeming to favor a more `` slammy '' approach which quickly gets tiresome , and is certainly NOT the In Flames I know and love . Somewhat oddly , there are a few `` vintage '' gothenburg riffs tossed in , as if to say , `` look , we 're still OG ! '' but they do little to salvage the overall sound of the album.The drive is just not there on this album . It quite frankly sounds more like a pale immitation than the Godfathers of Gothenburg . Needless to say , I 'm not going to be blindly purchasing any more In Flames albums , they 're going to have to be screened and determined `` fit for human consuption '' before hitting my ears from here on out . Sad .
 Way to be trendy and lose all your real fans . The people like me that have listened to metal since the early 70 's know when a band sells out for the teenage audience and if want to get rich by marketing your music that way fine , but I 'm listening to -LRB- Naglfar , Night In Gales , Dissection -RRB- while In Flames takes a downfall into NU-Metal . P.S. WHATS GOING ON WITH THE IN FLAMES BOBBLE HEADS I SAW AT SPENCERS AND THE LUNCHBOXES AND DO N'T FORGET THE -LSB- WEAK -RSB- FREDDY VS JASON MOVIE SOUNDTRACK !
 Its really sad to see a band come to this . This is what I fear worst in metal bands of today . Conforming into that mediocre sound that gets radio play . `` Nu '' metal you might call it.I 'm a big fan of In Flames older work . And I was hoping this album would take a step forward , when it really just flopped . It sadly does n't rise over some of todays bands -LRB- slipknot , godsmach , etc. . -RRB- , and is at the most a fad.I hate to see a band with such good chemistry and musicianship fall apart like this . I 'd rather see them brake up than make another album sounding like this . In fact , the only song I was impressed with was Dark Signs , and it was only entertaining at best . I dont listen to music to be entertained . I want to feel humanity . I want to feel emotion . Whether it be hate , stress , love or fright . There 's not much to look forward to.Please , do yourself a great favor and go out and pick up `` Whoracle '' . This was when the band was at its peak , and did n't care about being cool . I hope IF does n't become a passing thing . This band had something , and I 'm hoping to find it again on their upcoming album , this spring/summer .
 Well , you can not blame the decline of the Gothenberg scene on In Flames ' 2002 release . In fact , you can blame this release for making the scene look even more profitable than ever . The famed Gothenburg `` sound '' is attributed mostly to this band of bands , who 's classic releases such as Lunear Strain , Whoracle and The Jester Race showed this band was also one of the most talented groups to emerge onto the metal frontier since Obituary put the state of Flordia on the map with their unique brand of death metal.Reroute to Remain however , as the title could be suggesting , is a different path , a new creative direction that is much simpler than the patterns of past releases . Each of the past two prior to Reroute showed signs of more commercialism in this band 's future , with Colony and Clayman scoring key singles and widespread acclaim from younger fans , but drew criticism from longtime hardcorests.This album shows the band as hardly the same group of guys that produced eye opening metal masterworks in the 90 's , with the singles coming closer to radio and the fanbases gathering larger by the day , In Flames could quickly become the next European product to sell a million records within a few years . Most metal cds are lucky to get that far in a lifetime . -LRB- we wont go into the fact that Back in Black is now # 6 all time -RRB- However , the oversaturated nature of this `` evolution '' corrodes the ears of a longtime Flamer.If you would like to see this band closer to its past glory , the 2004 release `` Soundtrack to Your Escape '' is closer to form , surprising as it may seem . We may only have to bear one Reroute to Remain , like Megadeth fans had to endure only one Risk . -LRB- an album i actually like -RRB- To the credit of the Flames though , at least they attempted something different , albeit unsuccessfully in many true metal minds . Do n't label these guys as sellouts for one album ... they are still In Flames . Trust me .
 I was so excited when I woke up on September 3rd to get the new In Flames album ! Of course I had heard the rumors that it was going to ... but I had faith in my favorite Swedish band . I noticed the art work they had done to their cover and already I could see the difference . Their classic `` Jester '' went from looking like the darkness they used to sound like and now look like a puffy marshmallow ! I got on the train and started listening and I could believe my ears . They had changed so much . Me being an In Flames fan for over 2 years , I got all their albums , and I could n't believe a band with so much talent went from something like `` Jester Race '' to `` Reroute To Remain '' . I hope the title has a secret messege behind that . I believe Nuclear Blast -LRB- their record label -RRB- should back off and let them play what they feel , sing like they used to and if not In Flames Should consider going to another label like Century Media . Over all there is something about the album that I do like because I keep listening to it but a true IN FLAMES fan , I am a bit disappointment .
 This is not Noel Gallagher , but instead a large pile of poo . i thought it was a bootleg or something ... but no !
 This CD is not by the wonderful Oasis ! This is a complimation of ` natural sounds ' artists !!! Thwe complimation is called oasis as in ' an oasis being a place of water trees etc ' this is in keeping with the artists and style of music yet was mixed up with Noel Gallaghers oasis .
 far out ... . I could n't really get into the CD . The music had no tune and the lyrics did n't make any sense . Better luck next time guys
 I never knew Noel Gallagher had influences from Stephen Bucchus and Ron Corb . Very interesting .
 Does the cover even look like an Oasis cover ? Did Noel ever write any songs with these titles ? NO and NO . You people need to learn about your favorite band . Oh yeah I do n't even have this cd because I 'm smart enough to know what an Oasis albumn looks like .
 the whole thing suck . . pure and unadulterated musical trash ... conjured up by shrewd businessman producer who know how to package an average handsome joe on the street and sell it to a global audience of teeny-boopers . u are better off buying another copy of HANSON . At least those guys play their own music . .
 the dvd did not work . an error came up when you put it in the dvd player . . looked like something had not loaded properly onto the disk .
 Remembering Perry Como 's songs and even his TV show decades ago , the DVD was a letdown . Maybe it 's just the passing of time .
 Nice picture of Hugh as a baby ! Very cute but what a dirge ! Only he knows what he 's going on about . As a lifelong stranglers fan my only hope is he 'll read this and offer to refund my hard earned wedge ! Then do the same for every other poor sod that bought this non event !
 This is not Noel Gallagher , but instead a large pile of poo . i thought it was a bootleg or something ... but no !
 This CD is not by the wonderful Oasis ! This is a complimation of ` natural sounds ' artists !!! Thwe complimation is called oasis as in ' an oasis being a place of water trees etc ' this is in keeping with the artists and style of music yet was mixed up with Noel Gallaghers oasis .
 far out ... . I could n't really get into the CD . The music had no tune and the lyrics did n't make any sense . Better luck next time guys
 I never knew Noel Gallagher had influences from Stephen Bucchus and Ron Corb . Very interesting .
 Does the cover even look like an Oasis cover ? Did Noel ever write any songs with these titles ? NO and NO . You people need to learn about your favorite band . Oh yeah I do n't even have this cd because I 'm smart enough to know what an Oasis albumn looks like .
 the whole thing suck . . pure and unadulterated musical trash ... conjured up by shrewd businessman producer who know how to package an average handsome joe on the street and sell it to a global audience of teeny-boopers . u are better off buying another copy of HANSON . At least those guys play their own music . .
 Not at all the best Mountain Goats record . Try something else , I 'm begging you .
 So often , the dividing line between good and bad comedy-rock/folk is low-fi . It 's strange , but I 've heard so many great comedy-rock bands put out amazing , beautiful albums onCD-R 's and Casette tapes , and some really , really bad comedy records recorded in studio , and I dunno , maybe it 's just me , but The Mountain Goats seem to have lost their -LRB- er ... his -RRB- soul . It 's easy to call me an indie rock snob and say that they 've sold out , or something like that , but really , if you just listen to the record through , it would n't be that great even if it was in Low-Fi . A lot of the strange and startling truth and tenderness of the masterful All Hail West Texas is gone . Compared to that record , which was absolutley hilarious , yet at the same time , very emotionally-charged and challenging , this one falls short . A lot of the lyrics rest of cheap irony and I dunno , a little bit of the soul is gone . My radio station eats it up . Of course they would , it 's made-for-college-radio stuff to the max , but in the end , he comes off sounding more like They Might Be Giants and less like the comedy-folk gods they once were .
 Many people who followed the great record label 4AD during its glory days of the '80s and '90s reached a point where they decided to go no further . For most , it was probably the label 's turn towards electronica in the late 1990s , but for me it was the signing of The Mountain Goats . The project of singer-songwriter John Darnielle , The Mountain Goats released their first 4AD album TALLAHASSEE in 2002 , after several years of activity with self-released cassettes and other indie labels.What disappointed me so much with this album was the low quality of the music . The simplest touches on acoustic guitar , with no daring chord progressions or time signatures . Everything done in low-fi production to reveal just how empty the music is . Darnielle 's vocals are rarely in tune and tinged with infantile intonations . At most points , I was reminded of the `` innocent '' manner of singer Geddy Lee used in Rush 's `` 2112 '' . Yes , there are some heartfelt and occasionally remarkable lyrics . TALLAHASSEE is essentially a concept album dealing with the misadventures of a couple who , though no longer in love with each other , remain together while trying to destroy themselves with alcohol . Darnielle strikes me less as a musician than a poet who feels better with musical accompaniment , like Bulat Okudzhava.If you heard about this album through any other manner than that it was released on 4AD , you may very well like The Mountain Goats . I 've refrained from giving this an entirely one-star review because I 'm aware there is a crowd out there that sees value in Darnielle 's work . However , if like me you are collecting 4AD 's releases sequentially , beware .
 I am disappointed with this CD collection . The music is too fast a tempo , and the instruments are too loud and numerous . John Denver 's voice is drowned out by the instruments . I dislike that many of the songs are a bit different from their original version . I would recommend this collection only to John Denver fanatics who have heard all his music before and want something different .
 All your favorate songs , just not the version you remember . CD titles are old album titles but track listings seem to have little to do with what was on those original albums . If you are looking for classic JD this is not your best choice .
 As a HUGE fan of the Replacements , Townes Van Zandt , Gram Parsons , early REM , and the Byrds , I find this album to be a calculated , pretentious and uninspired rip-off of the Uncle Tupelo sound . Whiskeytown sound like they 're trying to hide weak songwriting skills behind a facade of Americana authenticity.Although one or two songs start to take off a bit , the most promising song -- `` Houses on the Hill '' -- is a near-plagiarism job on Neil Young 's `` Thrasher '' . Once you make the connection , you just might have to get rid of this CD , not only because it is one annoying album , but on principle.And glorifying being a drunken loser is a dead end , not just musically -- in LIFE !
 This was a very disappointing buy . I immediately returned it when I realized the best song was basically the borrowed chords and vibe of Neil Young 's `` Thrasher '' with different and sometimes embarrassingly pretentious lyrics ; show me someone who can use the word `` artifact '' in a country/rock song without sounding ridiculous , and I have a bridge in NYC to sell you!This stuff does n't come anywhere close to the raw honest emotion of Paul Westerberg 's stuff when he was still writing great songs . Whiskeytown 's attempt at a hard-luck , wizened stance sounds like a total pose to me , especially when I saw them playing on public television and noticed how much hairspray and or money their singer must have spent on his carefully messed-up hair!He does have a good voice , but they might be better off as a Gram Parsons cover band .
 Just because you enjoyed Ryan Adams ' solo albums does n't mean you will enjoy this one . He is much more entertaining on his own . The songs are ok , but they are n't as good as his solo work . You will want to listen to it before you buy it .
 I was highly disappointed that Mr. Gibb only sang some back-up occasionally through the album . This is not a duet album as the cover may lead you to believe .
 This CD is possibly copy protected with MediaMax technology which installs files permanently on your computer . These files may act as spyware to report on your listening habits . See : http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/?p=925orhttp://www.cs.princeton.edu/~jhalderm/cd3/Be prudent and check to see what you 're getting before buying this or any Sony BMG CD.Note that my sister bought this CD at Costco and it would not play in her OEM Chrysler CD player . So she bought a second one and it would n't play either . The label on the CD says that it is a non-standard CD and may not work in some players . Do n't reward Sony by buying TWO CD 's , like my sister did !!!
 How I wanted to love this album . I even illegally downloaded Stranger In A Strange Land because I could n't wait for the album to hit the stores . When it did , I was there on day one to buy it . But after two or three weeks of heavy rotation on my home stereo , it is now acting as a coaster for my occasional gin and tonics placed surrepticiously by my computer . This is melodic and safe ... but ultimately forgettable , is n't it ? I am in awe of Barry Gibb 's talent but on this album he 's just cruising on his sea of retirement . Streisand 's voice is wonderful but she is let down by the material . It 's not bad . It 's simply not great . There are some nice moments -LRB- Above The Law -RRB- and what should have been magic moments -LRB- Stranger In A Strange Land -RRB- but it is also a little embarrassing at times , making you wish you could have grabbed Babs by the shoulders and shaken her ... albeit lightly ... before recording , asking `` What are you thinking ?? '' -LRB- Night Of My Life -RRB- . I have returned to rediscovering the original Guilty album . I have certainly learnt my lesson ; it 's not good to download illegally . It leads to disappointment .
 Their first album together is one of my all-time favorites . This one is truly a mistake . They should be ashamed of themselves.All of the songs have that boom-chucka , boom-chucka BOOM synth background . It 's as though they hit the `` start '' button on the synthesizer , sing a bad song , then shut the machine off . The music sounds like the auto-play buttons on a cheap electric organ . And NO strings !! Who ever heard of Striesand singing without strings in the background ?
 The arrangements are much better than the actual music . The arrangements are great and the sound is slick , but the songs are weak . The words most of the time do not make much sense . Striesands voice is intact , however it lacks the depth and strength it used to have . Then again , we all get old and can not manage the things the same way we used to . It is still nice to hear her do someting rather than the elevator stuff she has fallen into lately -LRB- the past 6 years -RRB- . I bought the CD after reading these reviews on this page . Die hard Striesand lovers are just that .
 Still has a pretty voice , but , the songs are bland , I was expecting more
 I am sincerely baffled by the great reviews for this record . I 've been a big fan for over 30 years , and people , this is not a classic Streisand recording ! While her voice is still in good shape compared to other contemporary singers , she is nowhere near her peak from the 60 's and 70 's . Not even close . Her voice is much deeper and broader than before . Yes , it is smoother , but she completely lacks the passion and conviction she once had . She used to be an artist lost in her talent , transported by her own voice , but now she is so preoccupied with sounding `` perfect , '' she has lost all spontaneity and naturalness in her performance . And the songs ... good Lord some of these songs are just out-and-out embarrassments . I do n't know why she 'd let herself be led astray by her producer/songwriter on this project and sing poorly-written songs like this . She was on 20/20 recently , and she named `` Letting Go '' as her favorite , citing that it fits best with her voice and her musicality . I completely agree . It would be so nice to hear her do a recording of real quality songs -LRB- sorry , but `` Night of My Life '' does not qualify -RRB- without the terrible over-production . At this point in her career , with nothing left to conquer and certainly nothing to prove , I doubt she has it in her . It is sad . But luckily we have the old recordings of this major talent whose gifts were so revolutionary at the time , they were almost shocking . If you saw 20/20 , then you were treated to a brief clip of Streisand singing `` When the Sun Comes Out , '' and it was an incredibly inspired performance , one that towers over anything she has done recently . It 'll be included on the upcoming DVD set to be released in November . Now that will be a classic !
 THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE WORST STREISAND ALBUMS EVER , THE FIRST BEING `` HIGHER GROUND '' . BARRY GIBB IS TRYING TO SING AS HE DID AS A YOUNG MAN ... HIGH PITCHED VOICE , IT MAY HAVE WORKED IN THE 70 'S ... BUT NOT TODAY . AS FAR AS BARBRA ... STICK TO WHAT YOU DO BEST ... GO BACK TO BROADWAY .
 Think every die hard Barbra fan knows this is Not a great album and trying to safe what can only be discribed this total dissaster of an album.I am a Barbra fan since a star is born ... loved the song prisoner -LRB- eyes of laura mars -RRB- to death , enjoyed her Donna Summer duet still and think ` Guilty ' is one of the best albums ever made . Guilty pleasures ??? What the hell went wrong ... The arrangments sound cheap -LRB- what 's with those 80 's -LRB- and not in a good retro way -RRB- synth sounds ... Barbra 's vocals sound lifeless -LRB- yes there still is a voice , but what 's a voice when the feeling touch is gone ? -RRB- , and the songs are just , well ... let 's say ... the best song in this album would not even be a good filler on the original Guilty.This was my most anticipated release of this year and i 'm disspointed beyond . . well everything ... This album has the sound of Has-been all over it ... sorry Barbra ... This project will sell well , but does n't deserve to
 I got the DualDisc versions of both `` Guilty '' and `` Guilty Pleasures '' from Amazon two days ago . I have now returned them both . There is a sticker on the CD case that warns the CD side may not be compatible with many stereo systems , and they were right
 There is so many beautiful compositions out there -- why does Streisand pick such losers . Her voice is incredible -- she needs incredible material , too.Plus -- save the political banter for those who have a clue .
 I was once a diehard Streisand fan and would find something to love about her work no matter how bad it was . While I agree that Barbra is still in fine voice , the material she has to work with here is weak and boring . The only memorable tune is `` Stranger in a Strange Land , '' which is probably why it was chosen as the video and the preview tune used to generate pre-sales of the CD . The rest of the CD is poorly written , derivative Barry Gibb garbage . Perhaps one of the previous reviewers is correct that the tunes will `` grow on you , '' but I am not likely to listen to it often enough to let that happen . The tunes are tedious and the lyrics do n't make sense . Barbra is capable of so much more . I wish she had n't done this one just to make a few million bucks .
 I bought this Streisand joke of a CD & threw it in the trash . Anyone who likes good music will do the same.Save your money -- total garbage .
 There use to be a time when I could n't wait for a new Barbra Streisand album or movie to come out . When I became a fan in the 70 's they happened so infrequently that it was the MAIN EVENT when it happened . Her vocals were always beautiful and her appearances on film were mesmerizing . Her albums were usually better than her movies -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . She is a wonderful recording artist and really knows how to bring out the best in her vocal cords . Today , when I look back on it , I think that Babs sung for the money . She knows she has a great voice and it sells . She wanted to be a great actress but her singing paid more -LRB- and it was easier -RRB- . I no longer rush out to get her new albums . Her last great and interesting album was `` Back to Broadway '' . Anything after that sounded like a female `` Perry Como '' . I just heard her latest , `` Guilty Pleasure '' with Barry Gibbs and I have to say I could not listen to the songs all the way through ... except one , `` Night of My Life '' . It 's a catchy tune that is easy to sing and dance along to . I want to know why Columbia does n't release the dance mix on a CD -LRB- its only in album form -RRB- . Is n't it cheap to make CDs ? Anyway , Babs voice is wonderful ... but the material is not that great . `` Guilty '' was pure pop . It was fun and easy to sing along with but this new one is not that great . I thought she did n't like to sing the dependent songs anymore ... like I ca n't live without your love -LRB- `` My Man '' type songs -RRB- . This CD is full of references like `` you decide if I live or die '' . Bab looks fab , sings fab and it 's a shame to waste it on mediocre , weak songs . Also , the album cover is backlit , which is not that flattering . I am still a fan but I have no expectations anymore .
 I am a big fan of Barbra . Have been since I was a kid and my mom and I would go on road trips and sing along with `` Guilty , '' `` Evergreeen , '' `` People '' ... etc. . I was really looking forward to some new music from Ms. Streisand . I was very disappointed in what I heard . Her normally very agile voice was subdued and lethargic . There was no joy in her song . And then there 's Barry Gibb . Get a real voice ! The lyrics to the songs are ... in a word ... bad . It 's like a `` word salad . '' `` I fight to the end for the night of my life , And nothing can stand in my way , And love has a colour and colours are many , Blue is for lonely and red is for danger . '' Hunh ?? I 've seen a few interviews with Barbra and truthfully she seems depressed , terribly , terribly depressed . I do n't think she wanted to do this album and it seems pretty evident . By the way when I bought this album , I also got her `` Essential '' two CD set . I 'm loving that !!!
 I purchased the Dual-Disc version of this album which I like very much but had a problem with extracting the disc from my car 's CD slot . If you plan to listen to it primarily in the car you might consider the standards CD version . I enjoy the DVD sidefor the interviews and videos but would prefer them on separate discs -LRB- like The Movie Album -RRB- .
 I 've tried to like this CD , but I just ca n't . Even the pictures of them on the cover are bad.It 's maybe pleasant as background music since nothing stands out or captures your attention.There 's currently so many used copies for sale on Amazon Marketplace - the price is down to $ 0.87 . I wo n't even bother selling mine . I 'm going to just through it in the garbage - where it belongs .
 While Babs does have great voice every song sounds alike . We agree with some of the other comments about weak , dull and boring . Do n't buy this . Maybe your local library will stock this and you could borrow it before you buy .
 Yet another mediocre album in the `` I 'm in love and lazy and fat '' period of Streisand 's career . The blandness of this record is blinding ; do n't even ask about the videos -LSB- and that crimped hair -RSB- . The only song worth the time and trouble is `` Letting Go , '' a poignant track that reminds the listener of what BS can accomplish with a tune that actually has some substance . Unfortunately there must be no one in her camp to slap her in the butt and remind her that she is an artist first , not some yenta content to sit in a garden trimming the rose bushes while noshing on a brioche topped with diet Cool Whip.Let us hope that the lady is capable of recording one last great album before she goes off into the sunset -LSB- lit on her good side , of course -RSB- .
 I did not enjoy this cd at all . Her voice is good-selection of songs `` poor '' . It is a cd that you listen to once or twice and forget about it .
 This has to be one of the worst productions in the history of music.There comes a time when a person should really take a long , hard look to see if it is time to hang it up . For Babs , that time has come.The good thing is that I have the answer to her introspective undertaking - STOP SINGING NOW !!
 I bought this CD because of Barry Gibb only . Although I loved the songs he did with Barbra Streisand previously , I am not a big fan of hers . I have been waiting for Barry Gibb to come out of his grieving time for brother Maurice and do what he does best ... make music . However , the two songs that he sings with Ms. Streisand are not what I would consider his best work . His wonderful voice is barely heard over hers , and the songs are well ... just BORING!I am a die hard Gibb fan , but this was not Barry Gibb 's best work at all . He is capable of so much more !!
 Do n't waste your money on this item unless you really want to complete your collection . I suggest get out of being stuck in the past and explore newer realms of modern music where hard-work and dedication is actually involved !
 Only thing I can say about this is ... boy did I waste my money . I was lead to believe this was a CD music collection but in reality it is an audio book , an unauthorized bio of the group . If you like this sort of thing and are a rabid fan of the Chicks then maybe you will like it but if your looking for their great music , do n't go for it here .
 I used to like Tiziano Ferro Songs . His first album was a straight hit in the face , a WOW ! Great dinamic songs . 111 was more normal , more calm . But this one is really really slow ... He changed his usual pop style for a R&B ; that does n't convince a lot.If you like calm balads or are a fan of Tiziano , then you 'll like it , but if you do n't ... . Better do n't buy it .
 John Lee Hooker provided some early memorable historic cuts but this album does not include any . The Healer was a milestone in his revival , Mr Lucky less so and this followup album loses even more of that impact . The album has guests
 maybe I missunderstood what this was . It was not what it apeared to be .
 Ok , face it Progress was a good album , it had promise I thought for the future of this band , but they steered another way and turned into a I wana be a punk band sound . When they first came onto the seen I found them by accident looking for something to fill my musical void since Bradley Nowel died . The hard thing is you can never replace Sublime , but progress had a somewhat similar sound to Sublime , and in some instances the vocals kind of reminded me allot of Sublime . I was hoping that this album would follow that sound they had and improve on it , but ... . well in my opinion they might as well be Good Charlotte now , and god I hate that band ! . Oh well , by the way to anyone else who was a big Sublime fan like me , you might want to check out Slightly Stooped Acoustic roots , and Dispatch . Two good bands .
 loved halfway between here and there and progress . saw them live and became a fan . was very disapointed with this cd . save your monney or get their upcoming dvd .
 I was so disapointed when I opened this cd I 'd only give it any stars for the who woulda thought video on the dvd
 maybe I missunderstood what this was . It was not what it apeared to be .
 I hooked into Beth Orton 's Central Reservation about 9 months ago and have not let go . A truly fantastic album that will surely stand the test of time . I needed more Beth Orton and bought Trailer Park . I really wanted to like this album but after every listen I still find it absolutely horrible . The lyrics are trite and shallow and the music is hollow completely lacking emotion . Take for example `` She calls your name , three times a day '' . It gets a lot worse . Is this the same person who wrote brilliant , piercing , and insightful lyrics on CR ? I am embarrassed for Beth and can not listen to this album without thinking it was from the mind of someone not thinking . This cd deserves one star for demonstrating how far she has come over the past two years . Buy CR and hear the true potential of this woman at her best .
 I purchased this cd in the hopes of finding more jems such as `` Touch Me With Your Love '' and `` She Calls Your Name '' . Unfortunately , all I got was dreary folk music . If I had known that this was what the majority of the album consisted of , then I would have never bought it . And her voice ? It left a lot to be desired . The plus side is that I got to exchange it for Luscious Jackson instead . Which is good because this is one of the few cd 's that have actually put me to sleep
 Here are the details broken down BY DISC . Please see my individual review of each disc -LRB- and more than fifty others -RRB- if you need more information.Disc One
 When I first heard the song `` Back To You '' I fell in love . I loved everything about the song , the lyrics , the message , the singer , the melody , I give the song five stars . However when I heard the rest of the album , my interest in the band fell apart.Disclaimer
 Four Versions Of `` The River Is Wide '' Why Was n't The Original 45 Version Included.Ted Knop .
 Well , what can I say , but stay away form this cd . Sadly I 've purchased this `` oldie but goodie '' and really enjoyed the selections . But on the end of every song -LRB- yes every song -RRB- you can hear the turntable it was playing on . There is a loud , humming noise of a turning phonograph player that really should of been faded out . I know others like Ace and Bear have master tapes but with no tape sources , they must rely on vinyl sources , but this is really a bad job of that . Do yourself a favor , stay clear and maybe buy the album , if your lucky , on e-bay .
 This music is n't very exciting and it 's not nearly as dark as some would have you believe or what the title implies . The song `` Darklands '' sounds too much like Bowie 's `` Heroes '' -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- and I get the feeling that 's not the only thing ripped-off on this album . Not that it really matters much anyway because there 's plenty of music I do like that rips off other tunes.I 'm sure many would slag my opinion , but it just comes down to a question of taste and this album tastes pretty bland to me . However , it 's certainly NOT true that all of J&MC 's albums sound the same and there 's 2 very different sounding ones that I would recommend far more than DARKLANDS
 This music is n't very exciting and it 's not nearly as dark as some would have you believe or what the title implies . This album has little in common with the surf tunes and buzzsaw distortion of their acclaimed debut PSYCHOCANDY . The song `` Darklands '' sounds too much like Bowie 's `` Heroes '' -LRB- if you know what I mean - the melody is a little too similar -RRB- and I get the feeling that 's not the only thing ripped-off on this album . Not that it really matters much anyway because there 's plenty of songs I do like that rips off other peoples ' music.I 'm sure many would slag my opinion , but it just comes down to a question of taste - and this album tastes pretty bland to me . However , it 's certainly NOT true that all of J&MC ; 's albums sound the same and there 's 2 very different sounding ones that I would recommend far more than DARKLANDS
 This was my 1st Technomancer CD . After listening to it I got all 7 CD 's in the series . This is cranking , pulsing music for rave , party , or club atmosphere . Turn on your black lite and lava lite and enjoy the wild rythyms . Hot tracks 4,9,10,11 . Some tracks are somewhat ambient . Trancesetters , Meeting of the Spirits is a progressive electronic drum cut 9:22 long . . it will totally take you away -LRB- whereever you might be going -RRB-
 Like Ringo Starr without the Beatles , or Garfunkel without Paul Simon ... the voices exist , but the songs are of poor quality . No hits here . Sorry .
 C. Brown is an exceptional musician , but despite all his apparent skill and deft musicianship , his recording left me cold . It is a beautiful Disneyfication of Brazil 's popular music spectrum . If there is `` innovation '' on this recording , it is lost in the forest of hyper-self-conscious hipness . Too bad . He 'd done so well with M. Monte 's recording -LRB- Great Noise -RRB- that I had high expectations . I was sorely disappointed .
 I really ca n't understand why everybody 's raving about Carlinhos Brown , an artist who tries so hard to be so many things to so many people that he succeeds only in being a mere curiosity in the rich , effervescent musical landscape of Brazil . Listening to Mr. Brown is very much like having sex without climaxing - it 's music that goes absolutely nowhere both musically and lyrically , it just leaves you there hanging clueless , without any resolution.Want an example ? How about `` Dry the phrases / where you across / with the soft breeze / covered saint '' as he sings -LRB- in english -RRB- on the 3rd track . And this is one of his * best * passages , mind you , and if you could understand Portuguese you would quickly realize what I 'm talking about . His melodies make just as much sense , and will make the forward button in your player work overtime.But to be fair , though , there is * one * great song , and it 's so good that it 's almost worth the 15 bucks - track 12 , strangely named `` Seo Ze '' , a Latin flavored samba with an infectious beat and wonderful instrumentation composed in collaboration with Nando Reis and Marisa Monte -LRB- herself being one of the greatest talents to come out of Brazil in the last 10 years , Chico Cesar being the other one , in my not so humble opinion -RRB- . But that 's IT , one song out of 16 and the only reason I give it 2 stars instead of ZERO.And to ad insult to injury , the insert booklet is easily the most convoluted , distasteful , graphically unappealing -LRB- Look at me , I 'm sooooooo hip ! -RRB- piece of cr * p I have ever seen.Sorry , Mr. Brown , `` alfaGAMAbetization '' does n't seem to be working . Hoocked on Fonickz , anybody ?
 Sixth form poetry and trashy guitars flower briefly into rock 'n' roll genius with Motorcycle Emptiness . They should have left this track off -LRB- a -RRB- till their fans were ready for it and -LRB- b -RRB- because it makes the rest of the album sound terrible .
 I thought I was hip when I picked this up in a well-hidden place in a well-hidden record store . Wow ! One of those not-very-heard-about Seattle bands.Well , you see , they 're not heard about for very good reason
 -LRB- cd deserves 0 stars , dvd deserves 2 stars -RRB- I 've been listening to kmk for well over 5 years now , and i have all of their albums and play them often . They had never disapointed me until this ` album ' . When I first saw an advertisement for this cd/dvd , I kind of frowned . I did n't know quite what to expect . Luckily my birthday was around the corner because I did n't really want to buy it until I hear some of it and knew it wasnt bad . I did get it for my birtday , and when I first put it on I decided to preview the cd by listening to the first couple of tracks . . I was confused and couldnt really grasp what it was , and decided not to judge it until I watched the film . After watching it , all I had was a headache . I am one to trip , but instead of ` trippy ' I found it to be very cliche , and a bad attempt to get some extra cash . I was astonished that the kings would promote it and let it be released , I read the credits and they werent even involved in the -LRB- poorly done and annoying -RRB- remixing at all ! In my opinion thats kind of a sell out move . . Although I do dig the tracks I 've heard from `` No. 7 '' , and i do realize that artists change and mature , it 's still sad for old school kmk fans to see their beloved band change up the style they grew to love so much . Do n't buy this garbage , the dvd is n't even worth it . If you want some good kmk , go pick up high society or rollin stoned , you 'll get hooked .
 Bad mic placement resulting in the drums drowning out the main soloist ... the pianist . It 's a shame ... this could have been a good buy , instead it 's Goodbye !
 This CD is listed as being by Madame X the R&B girl group . What you get is a CD by some rock group of same name , which is same as the picture -LRB- girl on green background -RRB- but does not match the description . If you are looking for Madame z/Klymaxx-produced music , do NOT order this CD !
 The earlier reviewer rated this 5 star , but I can only give it 2 , because the first selection , `` Intermezzo '' , does n't sound like Hines and is more classical and `` Dark Eyes '' features a violin . The best sides are clearly those with Muggsy Spanier , but they 're only the last five of the CD . There are better CDs , featuring both Muggsy and Earl `` Fatha '' Hines .
 It took longer for this PMK video to be processed and shipped than the others that I ordered on the same day through Amazon , however this video was in pristine shape . I would order through them again and suggest you do the same . Just build in an extra week , especially if you are trying to meet a birthday deadline .
 I hesitate writing this review because I 'm a big Al Hirt fan , but as a service to fellow fans and CD buyers I think it 's only fair to say I was disappointed by this CD.I recently pulled my copy of `` Al Hirt 's All Time Greatest Hits '' CD off the shelf for a listen , and enjoyed it so much I decided it was time to expand my collection of this legendary player . Unfortunately his performance bears only a slight resemblance to his former greatness . While there are no accompanying liner notes -LRB- a bad sign -RRB- , this CD was published in 1996 , which I assume was close to the time it was recorded . Unlike his unforgetable performances from the 1960 's , most tunes on this CD actually de-emphasize Al 's playing due to an apparent lack of stamina and control . Again , it hardly seems fair to make statements like this considering Al is nearly 70 years of age , a full 35 years after he hit the scene as a technical master and interpreter of song . As a former trumpeter myself , I can fully appreciate the difficulty of maintaining your chops , which I assume is a losing battle once you enter your 60 's -70 's . This is especially true of players that tend to be very physical players , As proof , the same could be said of the late great Diz , and the still incredible , yet diminished Maynard.So , if you 're looking for a disk with more of the legendary Al Hirt in his prime , this is n't the CD for you . If you have n't got it yet , I my suggestion to you would be to buy a copy of the aforementioned `` All-time Greatest Hists , '' which contains Al 's most legendary performances from the ' 60 's , when he was at his peak.But if you 're a fan regardless , and want an average dixie-land recording from an average band , the price of this `` Live '' collection certainly is right . Just understand up front what you 're getting !
 you guys really rate this guy ? do n't get me wrong , i 'm open to a different style than what 's spoon fed to us all by the mass media . i loved it when sage francis walked on stage pointing out his cd discman as his dj . i love El-P 's unorthodox beats -LRB- who does n't ? -RRB- . i love kool keith 's many different personas , regardless of how hard it is too keep track of them all . but i just ca n't get my head around MF Grimm 's flow.why does it sound like MF is reading his rhymes straight off his notepad for the first 6 tracks on disc 1 ??? then the next 4 tracks are ill . are we listening to someone else on these tracks ? here 's a tip
 Not a bad album , but in my opinion it is lacking the power , the anger and the political statement of the older Inti Illimani albums .
 OK , I am prejudiced . I love the Canciones Nuevas that Inti used to do . Now , 25 years later , the group is still together and recording . That should account for something . However , the qualities that I loved about the Canciones Nuevas groups are lacking in this recording . It is too smooth , to mellow and has no edge to it . I loved the raw edge of Bob-Dylan-like folk music that Inti used to do . It distinguished them from any other `` spanish '' music . Now , that edge is gone . For me , they might as well be Julio Iglacias . I have the CD . I think I played it once .
 WARNING , I you do not have a DVD AUDIO player and an dvd-audio compatible amplifier , do n't bother with this DVD-AUDIO . The DTS track does not have a discreet LFE -LRB- subwoofer -RRB- audio track . That 's a bummer . That was the whole reason for me to get this item.So if you want some big bass when the canon is lit , forget it ...
 Seeing this was converted from DSD . . well if I had known that , I would have just bought the SACD . No big deal as I 'm figuring with all the hyperbole about this one that ... 1 ... The surround part would be . .24 bit 96 kHz . . NOPE . . it 's converted to 24 bit 88.2 kHz . What 's up with that ? Cheapskates . 88.2 is done usually so they can convert to redbook easier .2 . The Stereo hi rez layer . Now this one really frosts my goat . It 's 24 bit 44.1 Why the hell even bother and it takes guts to even call this hi rez . Not even 96 kHz ? Heck they could easily have done a 192 ... The performance ? Nice ... the sound ? Not bad but hey ... I was looking for real hi rez . . * Edit * Ok to be fair , I just read this post to another forum by Michael Bishop the recording engineer.Let me add this to my review.DVD-A :1 . 88.2 kHz stereo pcm made from DSD stereo program2 . 88.2 kHz 6-channel pcm made from DSD 6-channel program with height channel3 . 48 kHz DTS 6-channel made from DSD 6-channel with height channel4 . 48 kHz DD 5.1-channel made from DSD 6-channel w/o height channel5 . 6-channel setup and alignment pink noise tracks on all surround programs6 . 48 kHz linear pcm stereo as default made from DSD stereo programplus slides and video7 . High quality variable bit-rate MP3 encoding of the stereo programWell ... it turned out our plans were w-a-y too ambitious for DVD-A at the time , but we had wanted to have the most complete DVD-A package possible for the time . We also wanted to have the opportunity to compare the two formats made from the same master . Our troubles started with having a DVD-A authoring system at the facility we worked with that was too crude and cumbersome to be able to handle all the components we wanted on the same disc . It also turned out that we would n't have enough space for all that we wanted - even with a dual-sided DVD . We had to start throwing out ballast or the whole thing was going to sink . We also found that no DTS encoder anywhere was setup to pass six full-range channels , so out went the height channel there . We learned that the version of MLP out then would not pass six full-range channels , so out went the height channel on the 88.2 surround ! Besides , the full-range height channel was taking up too much data . It also turned out that both the stereo and 6-channel 88.2 program would not fit on the same DVD-A side - and additional authoring and manufacturing costs prohibited splitting the DVD further into a 3 - or 4-sided release . Out went the 88.2 stereo because we wanted to emphasize hi-rez surround over the stereo . We had to ditch having video on the DVD-V side because we had chosen to use the higher bit-rate version of Dolby Digital and DTS for those versions . Just to make room for the slides we had to go with the lower bit-rate on the DD program . We had to drop the alignment section from the alternate surround programs due to space . On and on ... In the meantime , the audio press had been writing about what we were including on the 1812 disc so there were already certain expectations from our customers long before the disc was even ready to manufacture . And we were now 6 months late with the release ! We were now up to a $ 15,000 -LRB- USD -RRB- DVD authoring bill for a disc that if we sold 1000 of them we 'd be lucky . We had a DVD authoring engineer going nuts trying to make an authoring system work that had no effective user interface and no real-time testing of the program . Every time we changed anything it required re-typing hundreds of lines of code on his part . Every change meant having to burn a new DVD-R as a test to see how it worked . Our DVD-A authoring engineer was a real hero ! We ran into some MLP encoding bugs that were unknown 'til then - even at Meridian . These bugs were n't found until we had the first DVD-As manufactured and played them on some of the just-introduced DVD-A players . The entire first manufacturing run had to be scraped . Add to this fiasco the fact that we were also producing the `` Celebrating the Music of Weather Report '' DVD-A release at the same time and we were running into it 's own set of problems - and at similar cost of dollars and years off our lives . All along the way choices had to be made and we made them . Not everyone has been happy with the choices made , but no one can please everyone all the time.Incidentally , the SACD authoring and manufacturing went without a single hitch ... Best Regards , Michael BishopRecording Engineer -LRB- ... -RRB-
 ... but my appreciation for this band is highly unorthodox . I like the _ sound _ on PSYCHOCANDY , but do n't think the songs themselves are really that great , even though it 's still widely considered to be their best album . My favorite J&MC ; record by far is HONEY 'S DEAD with its killer guitar & feedback washes , pounding dance beats and , above all , mostly great songs . Second favorite would be the laid-back , super-cool strum-fest singalongs on STONED AND DETHRONED . To be perfectly honest , it 's been several years since I 've heard AUTOMATIC as I basically dismissed it as not worth returning to with so much other great music around I still wanted to hear . Only `` Head On '' remains notable in my mind as it was covered by one of my old favorites , The Pixies.So I do n't expect many people to share my exact opinions of this band , but I think it 's kinda useless the way so many on this forum vote that a review is `` not helpful '' because it does n't exactly mirror their particular opinions . Maybe this little review will point some people in a worthwhile direction for them if they can appreciate an unusual but sincere point of view .
 Compared to all other J&MC albums , this one stands out as the most banal and 2-dimensional . This album was produced by suits . End of story.There is no question that a reasonable album was cut in the studio and a bunch of remix jockeys massaged it into something that pandered to the lowest common denominator . Psychocandy had none of that and was a large commerical success - why the label decided that could not be replicated , I could not tell you.Muscially there are some very interesting elements in this work , but they have had all the rough edges sanded down . If you are looking for J&MC albums that are creative and push the edges of music , listen to Psychocandy and Munki.While I * do * enjoy listening to this album , keep in mind it is J&MC work in an `` Elevator Music '' warpper.Annoying and dissappointing .
 Released to almost no fanfare at all during the shoegazing years this album sounds like a great band that for some reason is having trouble getting the show out of second gear . Tracii Guns and Phil Lewis have a certain chemistry that at worst usually scored them a certain sleaze rock charm and their use of simple song structures , a sort of everyman party metal schtick , meant they connected to the inner dufus of their listeners . But on this album it just did n't seem to be clicking , perhaps showing via recorded wares that the chemistry between them had run it 's course.As to the album itself there are some curios on hand . Firstly it sounds quite clean and clear and not dour at all like their previous Hollywood Vampires . There is a reprise of one of the best songs off that album , Crystal Eyes . Which indicates to me that the band figured they had a hit on their hands and should give the thing a second shot . Exactly what Europe did with their track Open Your Heart by putting it on Wings of Tomorrow and Out Of This World.A number of the rockers on this album feel much like 80 's music updated with 90 's production values and that 's a good thing . But what is interesting is that some of the sentiments here also sound harsher , more metal . The delivery of Face Down , for instance , should certainly interest fans who grew up on Sex Action way back when . The touch of maudlin that the band first really exhibited on Hollywood Vampires is continued in tunes such as Long Time Dead.I guess with the parting of ways between Guns and Lewis this could be considered somewhat of a last hurrah . If so it 's not the bands best album . But it does contain elements of their different moods and show them capable of adding some new aspects to their music and so is a valid enough purchase for any hardcore LA Guns fan from the 80 's who gave up the faith .
 I had the pleasure -LRB- snick snick -RRB- of seeing this band live at a Tilly and the Wall concert . I have to say it , they were awful ! Yes the band is from Sweden and play horns ... but so do a lot of bands before for them . They are unoriginal and not even good abstract art . The lead singer just stood there looking at the corner of the wall and attempting to sing - which sounded more like screaming . Everytime they paused between songs people said under their breath `` thank God ! please let that be the last one '' . Being very open to the arts and different things I decided to try their musical cd . Wow , not a difference in any sense . I would pass up on this band as this is going to be a one hit wonder if that . If you are looking for something similar I recommend Tilly and The Wall and Pony Up ! from Canada.Blah to this band !! ugh . .
 2 1/2 None too shady metal , sprinkled with healthy doses of symphonic and progressive influences , over a bed of sufficient instrumental diversity , nonetheless falls prey to overcocked vocalizations strapped around too many generically apathetic passages .
 ANGRA is a polemic band in Brazil . Admired in Japan and Europe , most people know hoe their songs are just a rip-off of everything ever made in European power metal . Also , their singer Edu can sing only in studio , and half of the arrangements portrayed in the albums can not be played live .
 This pedestrian Brazilian band is a hard working outfit , but they simply copy the most recognizable cliches of the European melodic / power metal sytle . It 's such a rip-off that will make you nauseous .
 Any collection of music should have at least 60 minutes of music -- this CD only has 38 minutes . The 38 minutes are good -LRB- almost all 1960 's blues is good -RRB- , but there are many , many , many better blues collections which have over 60 minutes of equally good music for the same money . Also the album notes are totally wrong for the two Junior Wells selections . The album notes talk at great length about how the two Jr. . Wells selections were taken from the great Jr. . Wells Album `` Hoodoo Man Blues '' for which it gives the history , influences , etc. . This is totally wrong !! The Jr. . Wells selections , Key to the Highway and You Got ta Love Her with a Feeling are not on the `` Hoodoo Man Blues '' album !!!
 First off let me say that this is likely my own fault , so I 'll probably keep the item . I entered Dick Hyman and Scott Joplin in the Amazon search bar because I fell in love with the music of Scott Joplin because of the playing of Dick Hyman . Had I read closely enough I would have seen that this is not the Dick Hyman set I have on vinyl . Anyone else playing Joplin just sounds like a hack to my ears any more . The music is jumpy and bouncy , just like most other renditions of Joplin 's work that I 've heard . I hate to be critical , but my ears have been ruined for any other performer 's work where Joplin is concerned . I listened to a bit of Mapel Leaf Rag just to be fair , but I know I 'll never listen to the rest of this set . Anyone having a garage sale ?
 I am a live-and-breathe ragtime fan . I 've been all my life , and I know what I like , and I do not like this . It seems some people do n't know how to play ragtime . In my view Richard Zimmerman has done a diservice to Joplin 's fabulous rags , perhaps as much as the ragtime guitaists -LRB- a style I am not fond of -RRB- , and brashy New Orleans jazz bands . Admittedly this is an incredibly comprehensive set , and perhaps this is one reason to purchase it . I , however , am not a ragtime piano listener or critic , I like it , but I 'd never buy the CDs , this was however a purchase I made as an addition to my collection , just in case I heard the name of a Joplin piece and wished to hear what it sounded like , if only slightly . I am a Paragon Ragtime Orchestra fan , as well as some of the other wonderful orchestras , so I am biassed in some senses , but I do believe I am able to interpret the music appropriatley no matter what the medium . I would be lying if I said all ragtime pianist are not to my liking , I rather enjoy many of the calmer pieces played on piano , however their are some that I feel do not possess the skill to perform these pieces as they should be -LRB- JoAnne Castle for example -RRB- . So , as you can see I am rambling , so I must conclude by saying that this CD set does have value in the pieces never recorded before , buy it if you feel you can accept the poor playing abilities of Mr. Zimmerman .
 My review in two statements
 I am a musician and have played Joplin 's music exactly as he wrote for more than 30 years . I have also recorded it in the past . The Zimmermann boxed set has one great thing going for it . It contains many of Joplin 's works that to the best of my knowledge have never been recorded . For this reason the set is worth buying . The playing however is terrible . Joplin would turn over in his grave if he heard this . For some reason many musicians think that the faster you play ragtime the better it is . In fact Joplin 's works are highly syncopated compositions and much of the enjoyment in listening is to hear them at proper tempo so the mind is drawn into the incredible complexities of the score . These recordings contain many missed and slured notes . The tempo is much to fast . A few of the cuts are OK but not many . Zimmermann obviously did not read Joplin 's notes on the music as to tempo . Frankly there are many recordings of Joplin that are far superior to this set . A very good CD is the RCA `` Scott Joplin Greatest Hits '' played by Dick Hyman . If this set had been recorded by a musician knowledgeable in ragtime music it would be a treasure . Still it may be worth buying just to have many of the lesser known compositions but if you are a critical listener you will probably be very disappointed . How I wish this collection had been well played .
 I agree with my brother below , these recordings by Richard Zimmerman are not very good . Like John Lennon 's version of Chuck Berry 's Rock and Roll Music , Zimmerman plays the Joplin rags in his -LRB- Zimmerman 's -RRB- own style , hence destroying much of the emotional intensity that Joplin sought to create . Instead , it just sounds fast , and slurred . No syncopation and no expression . John Lennon 's pathetic rendition of Rock and Roll Music completely ignores the eloquence and elocution of Berry 's singing , and finds him simply screaming like a maniac . Similarly , Zimmerman `` whitens '' up the music with pleanty of heroics and histrionics . There are several albums of Joplin rags out there that fall into this trap . `` If you ca n't play it fast , you ca n't play it good , '' is that motto I think.Try out Joshua Rifkin 's versions of the Joplin cannon . At first you 'll have to break free of the mindset of hearing them played with `` breathtaking '' speed , but if you listen close you 'll hear that there is a lot more going on in the music , and that Joplin intended it to be played slow for a reason . Do yourself a favor and investigate Joplin in a better manner than this boxset . It 's like listening to Kenny G instead of Miles Davis . But if that 's your cup of decaf tea , then go for it . But my money is on the Rifkin set .
 You may want this just to have any recording at all of some of the otherwise unavailable pieces in this collection . But , this is the worst quality playing I 've ever heard on a commercial recording . The marches actually are n't too bad , but anything syncopated is not played right . Zimmerman fat fingers notes in almost every piece -LRB- i.e. he hits adjacent notes -RRB- . The dynamics and tempo are erratic . The attempts at ornamentation are forced . If you enjoy piano playing , you wo n't enjoy this .
 I have to agree with `` A music fan '' is his review of March 2003 . The piano used is poor , and not even all that well in tune . The recorded sound quality is muffled and ` processed ' - sounding.And the playing , I am afraid , is an insult to Joplin . What a pity to produce so full a set , and to do it so badly . A travesty.If you want a superb Joplin set , played `` as wrote '' , on a good concert grand and played with verve and style , and well-recorded , it 's got to be the new Guido Nielsen 4 CD set on the Basta label -LRB- Basta 30-91262 -RRB- . For a really fine single CD recorded on a top-notch piano and with playing that brings out all the elegance in Joplin 's music -LRB- which it is n't wrong to do - Joplin put it in there -RRB- , try the new Naxos CD played by Alexander Peskanov -LRB- Naxos 8.559114 -RRB- . The Zimmerman set , I am afraid , must be consigned to the dustbin . A pity .
 Unfortunately , I must agree with the negative assessments of this product . The artist playing the pieces does not do justice to Joplin 's style or flair . Many pieces are way too slow , muddy , and even missing notes that are generally heard in a well-played rendition . I bought this second hand , and even at that lower price , I do n't know that the money was worth it . I would suggest that you look elsewhere if you wish to find a good example of Joplin 's work .
 what cd were you people listening to , this is one of the worst albums yet . i have been listening to them for many years . i love the melvins , but really when are they gon na put out a serious album again . like ozma or gluey . get one of those or bullhead or lysol .
 a lot of self-indulgent syntho blips and squeaks instead of guitars , and the cover version of `` interstellar overdrive '' is just a straight remake of syd barrett pink floyd , only not as dynamic . i 've listened to it twice , just to be fair , but i 'm irritated at myself that i spent money on this .
 Avoid this compilation of Telephone , unless you know what it is you are getting . I ordered this CD primarily for two songs , `` La bombe humaine '' and `` Cendrillon . '' However , this CD -LRB- `` Best of Telephone '' -RRB- contains only * live * versions of those two songs , not the original versions . I 've wasted my money , and Amazon 's album details really should inform you that those two songs are not the original versions .
 A CD purporting to be Joplin 's complete works would certainly have more than 14 tracks . Instead try `` The Complete Piano Music Of Scott Joplin , '' AISN B000003QWN ; four disks containing 52 tracks ! I think this would be far more likely to be his `` complete works '' though I think even this one must be leaving out some of the compositions of this prolific ragtime composer . I know for a fact 14 songs would n't be his complete ... anything ! If you just want an introduction to his music , this CD may be all the Joplin you need , but be sure to rub out the word `` complete '' when your CD arrives . : -RRB-
 A CD purporting to be Joplin 's complete works would certainly have more than 14 tracks . Instead try `` The Complete Piano Music Of Scott Joplin , '' ASIN B000003QWN ; four disks containing 52 tracks ! I think this would be far more likely to be his `` complete works '' though I think even this one must be leaving out some of the compositions of this prolific ragtime composer . I know for a fact 14 songs would n't be his complete ... anything ! If you just want an introduction to his music , this CD may be all the Joplin you need , but be sure to rub out the word `` complete '' when your CD arrives . : -RRB-
 I 'm a long time fan of WASP & in fact THIS is the only studio album I do n't like , it just seem to take itself too seriously -LRB- if that makes sense -RRB- . It 's just my opinion but maybe there was too much thought put into this album .
 I 've tried a few times but I just ca n't make it thru this CD . While I 'm listening to it I find myself saying out loud `` This is BORING '' . The story is dull , the music is dull . I got really tired of hearing `` where is the love to shelter me ? '' The drummer sounds like he 's beating on garbage cans half the time . I did n't care for his singing either , it was too whiny . I did n't think there was even 1 song I 'd ever care to hear again . I ca n't see me ever putting this CD on again . However , a couple of other people really liked it as you can see from their reviews .
 I am a true blue W.A.S.P fan , but this CD is just not worth it . I see what Blackie was trying to do here , but he just did n't pull it off . However , he did redeem himself years later with another epic CD titled The Neon God , which is excellent especially on tunes like ASYLUM # 9 , ME AND THE DEVIL , WHY AM I NOTHING ? oh , that whole album rocks . Pass up The Crimson Idol ... go buy THE NEON GOD , you can thank me later .
 That 's what I do n't get . Yes , their Swedish . But just a few extra tracks should n't cost THAT much . And these are found on a lot of ABBA 's albums , including Gold , their greatest hits collection . These people should appear on every ABBA tribute album .
 This is not black metal , rather its bad , pseudo progressive rock with growling vocals . Should go great with your unicorn and wizard figurine collection . I threw it out after one listen . Just awful .
 Very disappointing DVD . Sadly , this DVD offers very little useful instruction . Although there are four sections , Beginner , Bronze , Silver and Gold levels , each section offers one short set of dance steps that are merely repeated from various angles for roughly 13 minutes . While the professional dancers repeat the moves , some poor narration comes in to offer the actual instruction . In fact , the Gold level is really just a repeat of the Silver level with stylistic elements added . So , if one copies the dancers exactly , one can `` dance like a star '' for about ten seconds . Then one just has to repeat the movements ad infinitum.I already know a little Rumba , so I was initially very excited to see that upper level moves were listed in the menu , but quite honestly , I already know the moves , as they are quite simple and were covered in my beginning level of rumba lessons . Stylistically , the pros show them at the height of competition style , which is fun to see and emulate , but as I said , the style is higher level , not the actual dance steps . So , I think it 's false to list them as upper level moves . -LRB- Actually , the Silver and Gold dance steps are the same , so really no steps are added for Gold , it 's just a little more stylized . -RRB- Very disappointing and not worth the $ 12.99 , as there are better DVDs available , which are also perfectly danced by professionals.Furthermore , this DVD includes extras that are quite silly
 This IS NOT the original AFRODESIA album from 1975 ! There 's enough trouble with people keeping Lonnie -LRB- Liston -RRB- Smith -LRB- aka ; the cosmic one -RRB- and -LRB- Dr. -RRB- Lonnie Smith separate without this mess . The original AFRODESIA was issued in 1975 on the fantastically funky Groove Merchant label . The program was : ** 1 . Afrodesia2 . Spirits Free3 . Straight To The Point ** 4 . Flavors5 . The AwakeningGreg Hopkins -LRB- tp -RRB- Joe Lovano -LRB- ts & as -RRB- Lonnie Smith -LRB- org , key -RRB- Ron Carter -LRB- el-b -RRB- Ralphe Armstrong -LRB- el-b -RRB- Ben Riley -LRB- d -RRB- Jamey Huddad -LRB- d & perc -RRB- `` Guitar Compliments Of A Friend '' aka ; George Benson -LRB- g -RRB- Sonny Lester -LRB- producer -RRB- Recorded in NYC ; 1975 ** -LRB- these are the only two titles from the original on this compilation -RRB- It used to be that one of the clues when looking at an anonyomous Lonnie Smith album , was to check for cosmic titles to see if you had the ` cosmic ' Lonnie Liston Smith ; note above
 Service good , quick receipt . CD was in good condition . But it sounded like it was recorded on a cassette tape . Poor quality sounding CD , sounded like it unprofessionally recorded .
 When you order something you expect it to be right and this simply wasnt what I ordered .
 I liked Billy Madason and Happy Gilmore a lot . One of my favorite movies . Bulletproof was not that good of a movie . Ypu are better off by getting Billy Madason and Happy Gillmore sepritly .
 I liked Billy Madason and Happy Gilmore a lot . One of my favorite movies . Bulletproof was not that good of a movie . Ypu are better off by getting Billy Madason and Happy Gillmore sepritly .
 Adam Sandler seems like a very nice guy and it 's great to see guys like him become successful . I just do n't understand why people like his work so much , though . I do n't think he 's ever made me laugh even once . I 'm not saying that I 'm right and that other people are wrong but Sandler is the clearest example I 've ever seen of how totally subjective humor can be . Afterall , millions of people gobble up whatever he does . I just wo n't be one of 'em . I doubt they 'll miss me , either .
 Excuse me , who or what is Adam Sandler supposed to be ? An actor ? A comedian ? An actor-comedian ? No , no , no ... Eddie Murphy is an actor , a comedian ; an actor-comedian . To watch Eddie 's stand up , his stint on Saturday Night Live ... then his movies ... even the BAD ONES ... then compare and contrast with what passes for Adam Sandler 's standup , stint on SNL and his movies ... what gives ? I 'm sorry even if you did n't compare ... Adam Sandler is devoid of comedic skills , and could n't act his way out of a paper bag with the president of the paper bag manufacturing council talking him through the hard parts . This ` collection ' is only , sadly , indicative of the decline of western society 's standards ... Chaplin , WC Fields , Buster Keaton , Milton Berle , Jack Benny , Benny Hill , Chevy Chase ... it 's been a downward spiral ever since ... leading to Adam Sandler as the lead ... going down the ... Admittedly , America 's tastes have changed and no doubt the youth contingent are leading the way in demanding Adam 's special brand of what I loosely term ` humor ' ... but this only shows they 'll watch anything ...
 Yet another carbon-copy Man Or Astroman album . This band is quite prolific , and this album , while certainly not a bad one , will suffice as the MoA album of your choice . The band can play with a lot of energy , and they 've always been tight , but the pitfalls still exist
 I have seen David Sanborn , live in concert so many times this DVD is a REAL JOKE !!!! It 's like you 're watching saturday night live . If you 're a real David Sanborn fan like myself please do n't waste your time this LIVE DVD is TRASH !!!!
 The music on this CD was not nearly as good as I had hoped for ... Too much similarity from song to song ...
 This 20 + track album was a surprise in 2 ways ... it 's lack of real musical tone , and that it grows on you . I bought it for one track , `` Clap Hands '' which I 'd heard on a juke box , but I was taken back at how unappealing the album was at first . I have now heard it three times and I 'm getting into it , but had I known the overall style of Waits , I 'd have never purchased .
 I made the mistake of purchasing this CD because it was the cheapest one with the song Tuxedo Junction on it . Unfortunately , someone is singing throughout the entire CD and it 's just terrible !
 I hate to put down anything Muddy has done , but truthfully , this is the worst album of his I have ever heard . Whoever is playing bass on the first 5 or 6 songs is completely out of key , and does n't appear to know the changes . The sound quality of the recording is very poor too . Muddy Waters does have some GREAT live albums but this is not one of them . Instead of this listen to LIVE AT NEWPORT , or MUDDY WATERS LIVE .
 I admit - I am a Chicago fan . Love the show . Have many discs , and this is one of the last ones , that I know of , in order to complete my collection of ` must have ' . Surprised when it arrived ; I did not think that it was possible to have such a mediocre interpretation of Kander / Ebb with a recording so close to the opening of the original production.Koonitz is no doubt a very talented sax player , but even in the cover notes , it speaks of his strong desire to be independent . In my humble opinion , he went a bit too far . The disc is only about him.The drummer has only one opportunity for a solo , about six bars in the entire disc . -LRB- A travesty ! -RRB- The rest of the band is there - not flashy , not terrible . Again , no real opportunity for any of the handing off associated with music from the 20 's right through to the end of the Big Band Era.An oddity that creeps into some of the numbers - someone -LRB- perhaps Mr. Koonitz showcasing his ` other talents ' -RRB- , sings in this deep bass / electronic monotone . It is quite disconcerting.Ten Percent , a cut from the show , is included here . Loopin ' is also included , in much the form as heard today . -LRB- Loopin ' was adapted for the stunning overture and subsequent segue into ` All That Jazz ' . -RRB- Here Mr. Koonitz does not wreak much havoc on the genius of John Kander.The rest of the songs are bland , at best . The keys player seems to have only one ` trick ' , a series of descending notes on the upper ranges of his synthesizer . He also seems to be quite fond of using the ` string ' overlay behind his piano sound.Interestingly , Mr. Kander often uses the same tricks over and over -LRB- the chromatic scale traveling toward opposite ends of the keyboard in a triplet feel , his sustained vamps , using specific chord patterns -RRB- , though they always sound fresh and new , especially when associated with the lyrics of Mr. Ebb.Perhaps the I am also feeling the loss of orchestrations by Ralph Burns . He captured the music of Kander at best . His inventive arrangements for the instrumentalists , combined with Fosse 's demand for percussion effects , gave Kander 's music a unique touch ... something distinct and recognizable . This disc loses that ` special something ' . Apart from the mentioned ` singing ' , the disc would be nice to listen to during a raucous dinner party . Other than that , it is for people who have to have every recording of the show , no matter the quality.Only two stars - simply for the interpretations of the two cuts .
 I was expecting this amazing production from my favorite artist , and received the CD with the Album . When I played the CD it had the songs from `` Ojala que Llueva Cafe '' , even though I love this album , is not what I ORDERED !!!! Not a good experience !!!! Never buying from you again !!!!
 The cd I received for this was defective in that it was only partially recorded . I wrote 2 emails to the provider , Bluesky , and I never received a reply back . I am therefore left with a useless cd and am out my money . I am not sure that I feel comfortable about ordering from Amazon in the future and will certainly never order anything from Bluesky again .
 While this middle-of-the-road compilation has it 's highlights , too many remixed versions of mediocre hits were a bore to me . Where are the underground dance classics `` On Your Knees , '' `` Sinning , '' `` Sorry , '' and `` Am I Ever Gon na Fall In Love in NYC ? '' Had these been included in remixed versions , I 'm sure sales would have peaked !!
 yes indeed this name suits her so well , she sounds terrible , and doesn ; t she look like a horse to me ! . . my god celine i used to be a big fan of yours pls ... give me some breakthrough !
 The instrumentals are n't bad , but the vocals are uninspired.Boring & flat.Go buy an Irish Rovers or Chieftans album instead .
 sorry , but this is not worth buying . they completely removed the noise and made a very , very , very boring album that is not `` sinister '' as one person put it . whoever thinks thsi is good has been listening to mazzy star for far too long , as it shwos becuase it has that singer on it . the only reason i like jmac is becuase of the noise they make and this was just wasted money . they should have never released it , but thankfully munki brought back the goods ...
 HOW CAN A SELLER BE ALLOWED TO USE YOUR MONEY FOR OVER A MONTH , NOT SEND PRODUCT AND NOT RESPOND TO YOUR INQUIRIES . . DISGRACEFUL !
 LOVE LOVE LOVE Sarah Vaughan ... but this is not my cup of tea ... a lot of talking and band time instead of the lady just doing what she does so well . Do n't care for `` live performance '' recordings and if I had known this was that , I would n't have purchased it . Gave it to a friend who loves Sarah so much she would probably purchase a recording of Miss Vaughan brushing her teeth .
 This one is a bit more focused than the first LTE album , but still overrated . For my money , there 's still way too much on here that goes nowhere - and why not ? It 's improvised , after all ! If you jammed/improvised with your band for an hour , you 'd come up with some good parts which you 'd extract and develop a song around . You 'd also have a whole bunch of twaddle that should remain shelved . LTE chooses to give us the whole hour , including twaddle.What really bugs me about this album is the instrument tones . The guitar and keyboards have some downright ugly , irritating sounds . Even Tony Levin 's stick bass groans like a wounded dinosaur in some parts . I like heavy prog-metal , but some of this stuff -LRB- the end of `` Another Dimension '' - ugh , stop that stupid riff already ! -RRB- is GRATING ON THE EARS !
 The trend of turning down the bass in DT -LRB- and now LTE -RRB- recordings has reached an annoying point for me . There is a point in ` Acid Rain ' where John 's guitar drops out and you are SUPPOSED to be able to hear Tony grooving on the Chapman Stick . Unfortunately , the Stick was turned down so low in the mix that you could hardly even HEAR it , much like John Myung 's bass notes in a live setting . If a prog supergroup is created , I want to hear individual instruments , not instruments turned down to satisfy the egos of other members in the band -LRB- and before anyone flames me for this , consider how conspicuously absent were ANY of Jon Myung 's songs from the last few DT albums -RRB- .
 They say the second Liquid Tension recording was spontaneous , quickly written . Sounds it ! If you own LTE-1 , save you 're money . LTE-2 is all energy but no melody . The first five tracks on LTE-1 are progressive masterpeices . I get chills listening to LTE-1 , most of the disc is that impressive . LTE-2 is self indulgent and a disappointment after hearing their first disc . What a shame considering the incredible musical talent .
 Impressive technicality is no substitute for soul . Sadly , Mr. Portnoy and Mr. Pattrucci for the second time show their blatant failure to understand this .
 C'mon everybody ! I know that scarce are the days when prog-rock fans are jubilant and that a superstar lineup like LTE always guarantees four star reviews before you 've even heard the music , but c'mon ! Instead of listening to it once and being wowed by the virtuosity , take a few deep breaths and LISTEN to it a few times BEFORE you write your reviews!With my lecture complete , let 's turn our attention to the album itself . LTE 2 is , of course , the follow-up to the highly successful LTE 1 . However successful that album might have been , it apparently did not dawn on any member of the band that they were also very LUCKY to end up with the arrangements they did . Somehow , all the inspiration was there that week when they recorded the album . Terrific stuff , but also highly fortuitous.Unsurprisingly , LTE 2 follows the same pattern of the debut . The album is evenly divided between arranged songs and improvised jams . Dealing with the jams first , unlike the inspired lunacy of `` Three Minute Warning '' all of the jams on this album , with the exception of `` Liquid Dreams '' fall flat on their respective faces . Chewbacca and 914 are particularly frustrating - they simply do n't go anywhere ! Chewbacca drags on for a excruciating 13 minutes and I seriously wonder if the band included the track just to pad out the album to 74 minutes . Fortunately , `` Liquid Dreams '' saves the album from being a complete embarrassment , and that 's only because Tony Levin steps in at the last minute with a great , subterranean riff . Alas , such inspired moments are few and far between.As for the `` composed '' material , much of it is haphazard and dull . `` When the Water Breaks '' could have certainly done with a good editor . 17 minutes of the music chasing its tail had me howling with rage . The band fails to develop a single solid idea , or follow on from an earlier riff . The song is directionless in the best sense of the term . `` Acid Rain '' recalls the hyper-virtuosity of the debut , but without any of the playful humour that characterised such passages on the debut . I appreciate virtuosity just as much as any other prog-rock fan , but DYNAMICS is a word that should have been foremost in the minds of the band during the writing process.The `` hybrid nature '' of `` Another Dimension '' is interesting , but poor writing once again lets down the track . The flamenco guitar , accordion and the many time changes would have gelled better had the band put more thought into their writing . The band try to cover their compositional shortcomings with furious soloing . It does n't work.Only `` Biaxident '' saves the day . On this track , everything falls into place . Obviously , the band took their time with this one , and it certainly shows . The virtuosity is balanced with great songwriting and dynamics . Every major idea within the piece is returned to and developed - this is how progressive rock should be.So what lets this album down ? Too much virtuosity and not enough solid ideas . Mike Portnoy 's drumming especially , is not exactly subtle . With all that mindless bashing , there 's little room for bassist Tony Levin . In fact , if Portnoy had n't been ill and downed some `` big f. . . ing Q '' as he calls it , Levin would not have found the space to lay down that great bass groove on `` Liquid Dreams . '' Subtlety is an art that Portnoy has yet to master . But if that 's what it takes , then maybe he should develop an addiction to the `` big f. . . ing Q '' by the time Dream Theater records its next album.For fanatical Dream Theater fans only .
 now i know why there is no detail . i assumed that because of the price , i would be getting a cd with the 2 albums of melting pot and soul limbo.instead , it consists of 3 songs - 2 versions of melting pot and 1 version of soul limbo.amazon should be ashamed of this deception .
 This is so horrible that it 's laughable.The pressure to change style in 70 's and become the new Buddy Rich to target the new generation comes across as a make it up as we go along Jazzrock Funky Blues sound which makes a jazz fan want to puke .
 I thought ` progressive ' meant ` to progress ' ; not imitate Dream Theater . Like most of the Magna Carta titles , boring after the 3rd or 4th tune .
 It is not unfair to compare this album to Dream Theater , because it is entirely and completely a ripoff of the `` Images and Words '' sound . If all those tired generic progmetal tricks still turn you on , maybe this album will be OK for you . But in my view there is much more important stuff on this planet
 Yet another carbon-copy Man Or Astroman album . This band is quite prolific , and this album , while certainly not a bad one , will suffice as the MoA album of your choice . The band can play with a lot of energy , and they 've always been tight , but the pitfalls still exist
 If you are looking for the group SQUEEZE , just back away -LRB- hit your back button -RRB- as this is not them . This is a bad listing !
 Wayne Shorter , like a lot of great talents , seeks their own voice . All the great ones have done that , this is simply one that reaches out for something new . This DVD has great video , great sound , here is the but , all this faux piano and bass give the music a synthesized sound . The free jazz movement has no continuity , no form . If you enjoy that , this is for you . However , the last two concerts are a save . The 91 concert brings the accoustical back . the second has Herbie Hancock playing some guitar like electronic thingy that sounds electronic . Again , if this is your bag , great ! . The last two tracks from 92 bring Ron Carter on bass , Tony Williams on drums , and a great trumpeter , -LRB- no name on box -RRB- , with Herbie on , a real piano . These last two are great for those of us that like that straight ahead sound , but still avant garde . Not a terrible DVD , just not one that I will reach for very much .
 I was expecting this amazing production from my favorite artist , and received the CD with the Album . When I played the CD it had the songs from `` Ojala que Llueva Cafe '' , even though I love this album , is not what I ORDERED !!!! Not a good experience !!!! Never buying from you again !!!!
 The cd I received for this was defective in that it was only partially recorded . I wrote 2 emails to the provider , Bluesky , and I never received a reply back . I am therefore left with a useless cd and am out my money . I am not sure that I feel comfortable about ordering from Amazon in the future and will certainly never order anything from Bluesky again .
 This is a reissue of a classic album . But this latest revision seems to have left off multiple tracks from the recording - the trumpets sound like they are in a different studio.A schlocky job of remastering . A crying shame since this was a GREAT album.boliver@mediacity.com
 Bad Quality of Remastering Work Really Disturbs .
 Disappointing album with lots of wack beats , wack samples and Peedo rapsKRS was probably forced to , or used a lot of some real bad shiiiit that he let them use his name for this album
 Delia Rigal was a singer of very varied quality . This recording covers a set of records made in Buenos Aires in the early 1950 's and a number of tracs from concerts in the 1960 's and early 1970 's . the Argentine recordings are not very good but they do show her in good voice and interpretation . The later recordings show a worn , rather tired voice . If you buy this , concentrate on the Buenos Aires set , they show what Bing heard when he made her a Met mainstay .
 This title is n't a title af Area . They are a incredible italian group and this is n't a their production
 i bought this cd thinking it would be more hard core crust punk like brutalised - -LCB- thier 1st album -RCB- the singer from this band is from the legendary ANTI CIMEX !! but like so many good punk bands they had to turn their backs on what made them good and turn metal !!! not that i dont like metal i just think it spoils the nature of the band.but the cover on this cd is a classic so buy it just for the cover .
 This album is mediocre at best . It seems to draw comparisons to Sade but Sade is Sade and Amel should be Amel . Amel and Bryce were a great team and the tracks that Bryce laid down in Groove Theory 's debut with Amel 's voice were phenomenal . Bryce 's beats are sorely missed in Amel 's solo effort . I was hoping for a reunion for at least a track or two but no luck . So do n't make the same mistake I did and expect Groove Theory II . Amel 's voice is indeed a beautiful one but the lack of musical direction is a fatal flaw . The music is just a meandering flow from one track to the other ; not one standout track on here . Groove Theory was/is one of my favorite CD 's and this one does n't compare . I know this is Amel 's CD and not Groove Theory but I expected so much more . You wo n't be bobbin ' yo ' head to this one , so if that 's what your lookin ' for pick up Amel 's first effort , `` Groove Theory , '' if you do n't already have it .
 there 's nothing new that has n't been done already.the beats have been done before a thousand times.this disc is 2nd rate Badu & Bliege.Amel has a good voice but this Material is Lacking anything New .
 I bought this album after hearing it was supposedly real good . I bought it and I could n't get into any track . I heard `` Sweet Misery '' on the radio and I liked it , come to find out that it was a remix -LRB- of course ! -RRB- and the original on the album was just plain wack ... What a shame , she needs to get another collaboration with Sweetback again .
 dull , tuneless , pointless . this album is just so empty and without rhythm or anything that grabs you . the songs are just plain bad , poorly produced and performed . possibly one of the worst albums i have ever listened to.check out amels singing in 1995s groove theory album . thats a classic album full of unbelievably addictive grooves and soulful singing , this album -LRB- without her old groove theory producer -RRB- is about as opposite as you can get .
 This is a terrible disk . I own everything he has ever done and love all of it except this . It is just a jumble of audio clips from a very bad film with a few minutes of mediocre and terrible songs . Each song has 30-90 seconds of clips from the film attached to it . You ca n't skip them because they are merged into the track . It means even if the music was good , you would n't be able to listen to it without the really low grade clips -LRB- sounds like a terrible movie ... like a jr. high school student wrote it -RRB- . This is a concept album at its very worst .
 This album is not typical Kevn Kinney . Even if you have been a huge fan for years -LRB- as I have -RRB- you 'll find little on this album that you will enjoy . Save a couple bucks and let this one sit on the shelf .
 To my ear , this is one of the most overrated albums I have heard . Not that it 's bad . It 's just all right . There is simply nothing here that merits the gushing accolades many of Buckley 's fans heap upon it . Or maybe I just do n't connect with it . After repeated listenings . If you can get your hands on a copy , you 'd do well to listen to it before buying your own based on its hype . You may becomes as enamored as many others have . You find find it so-so as I do . Or you may even fall into the category with several people I know who find it to be unbearably boring .
 I have a very open mind when it comes to music , but I have to say this is the worst excuse for music I have ever , ever heard ! I do n't mind going to the musical dark side every now & then and getting down and dirty with the pain , but this was beyond that ! I threw the CD out after listening once .
 This does n't even come close to being one of the best albums ever . Ok , i admit that the title track is great , but come onnnn . The rest of it ranges from boring to outright irritating .
 Sorry folks . The guy is dead I know . I read all the reviews thinking this was going to be one to add to the CD collection . . and I was truly disappointed . I appreciate great ballads , screaming , wailing , depths of despair stuff . . but , this guy 's voice did nothing for me ... It was irritating in fact.The tracks . . one after another are moaning , groaning , wailing , monotone , relentlessly boring and morose.Sorry but this was a waste of money built on a great amount of hype , and rather than feel a grand catharsis after listening to it , I almost opened a vein myself .
 I hate to be a naysayer -- Buckley 's voice is gorgeous and he obviously has talent , but his rendition of Leonard Cohen 's Halleluja struck me the wrong way ; while sung clearly and with talent , Buckley 's arrangement utterly fails to capture the essence of a truly beautiful song .
 I bought this CD because I heard the song Halleluiah on the movie The Edukators -LRB- pretty good movie -RRB- and the show House it is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard . Unfortunantly the rest of the CD just does n't live up to it .
 I hate this album . I bought it because someone told me that it was great . It 's not . I bought this album because every critic loves this guy . I do n't . I love all the bands in the `` If you like Jeff Buckley , you 'll also like ... '' box . The problem is that I just do n't like Jeff Buckley.In fact , I ca n't find any redeeming qualities to this at all . People rave about Jeff Buckley . Frankly , I do n't know why . His lyrics ? I ca n't make them out . His music ? Original , but unlistenable to me . I 've tried and I give up . I 'm sorry Buckley fans , I just do n't get it . Someone tell me the error of my ways .
 Sometimes you live in your own head and fill your own space with the past and the days disappear and recycle and blurr into one , even the music you loved seems empty then somehow you discover someone who puts everything right and gives inspiration to believe and try again . I had never heard of Jeff Buckley until a friend suggested giving the album a try . I played it with the usual reluctance to venture into the unknown . The immediate stand out track for me was ` Last Goodbye ' . The opening base line pulled me in and the song that followed lived up to its promise . Since then the album has grown on me track by track . I am still discovering it at base level , still do n't know the song titles , have n't listened to the lyrics or picked up the nuances , these are still to come and I am looking forward to it . It could take years and that 's fine with me because in Grace I have found a beautiful friend who can rock me , take me up and mellow me out depending on the prevailing mood .
 I bought this CD based on the glowing reviews and the one song I knew I liked - `` Hallelujah '' . I do n't usually write reviews but felt compelled in this case because I hated everything else on this CD . Save your money and buy just `` Hallelujah '' if you are buying this for that song . Do n't expect the other songs to be anywhere near as good as `` Hallelujah '' . Do n't be swayed by all the 5 star reviews . I was , and I regret it .
 nothing compared to his father ... listen to starsailor and lorca if you are really into music ...
 I had heard so many positive and glowing reviews I thought I would love it . I ca n't get past the first three tracks before I have to turn it off . It seems like a droning unpenatrable mess to me .
 I really wanted to like this . I 've heard so many people gush over Jeff Buckley and how wonderful he is and how I absolutely * must * get this album . I even pretended to like it , because I felt like I ought to . But , well , I do n't . There 's some good stuff here , but , having listened to so much of Tim Buckley 's music , I ca n't help feeling what Jeff did was only a good start . Tim really knew his voice and did some amazing things with it . Jeff was a good interpreter of others ' songs , but he had n't quite arrived as a songwriter . Tim , of course , wrote his share of duds , but he wrote some wonderful songs , too . And his best ones sound effortless , which is more than you can say for Grace . Sketches ... shows Jeff moving in a really interesting direction , and it 's unfortunate we 'll never see him fulfill his potential .
 I find his voice irritating , the mood down , and not a single song that I could tap my toes to , sing along , or an irresistible hook . He verbly wailes a lot , and the tempo is odd . I tried to like this CD , but I just could n't . `` Hallelujah '' is good , but that is it .
 Rarely am I drawn to an artist by one song alone , such is the case , when first hearing `` Hallelujuh , '' from the film `` Edukators . '' Outside that song , I feel I am listening to one of the most un-focused , undisciplined young men ever to draw a record contract.The wailing , sometimes heavenly voice , does not equate with monstrous talent . His guitar playing , so facile and engaging is ill-served by his undeveloped lyrics . I suppose he had the pedigree as the son of Tim Buckley . However , in my view , this promising genius needed a Norm Petty producer like Roy Orbison did to shape his lyrics commercially and met his tragic demise prematurely . His competition for limp presence and guitar threat today would be John Mayer , yet 2 stanzas of strong lyrics with more purposeful use of vocal range , would send his competition away . Only 3 songs on this CD had listening appeal for me . The rest were experimental efforts . Essentially , I think I 'm listening here to band try-out from the House of Kerouac , where the production is top-notch , the band is sound , but the lyricist could not approach a drunk Jim Morrison . `` Hallelujah '' is the standout , primarily because the lyrics can stand alone .
 Gratuitous and specious are words that come to mind while parsing this album . The only worthwhile song was written by L. Cohen -LRB- Hallelujah -RRB- , and Buckley did an excellent job with it . The rest were written by Buckley , and are regrettable .
 I find this guy 's voice extremely unappealing . He sounds like he ca n't control it . Sometimes his voice sounds good , but then it goes weak . I 'm amazed that so many people love it . This album is borderline pretentious and I just do n't think the songs are very good . But some of the more atmospheric stuff sounds kinda cool , especially on the last song.P.S . - the guy 's review below me is laughable . Buckley does n't hit any `` magic frequencies '' - how pretentious ! He ca n't hold a candle to NFAK either .
 When I bought this CD , the only song I 'd ever heard Buckley sing was `` Hallelujah . '' Naturally , I was enthralled by Buckley 's incredibly expressive falsetto -- he really does make that track a religious experience . What I was not prepared for was the application of that same technique to every song Buckley sang . When I first listened to this CD , I felt like his rendition of `` Hallelujah '' was cheapened
 I have heard nothing but great reviews for this cd so I got it and I 'm highly disappointed . I agree that he has good lyrics and is very emotionally expressive but this is music , not spoken word poetry , and melodies count . Unfortunately , his melodies seem to wander all over the place . Go check out Elliott Smith and Aimee Mann for great contemorary examples of songwriters who are literate and melodic.Buckley 's tortured falsetto voice is difficult to listen to in one sitting . Lacking any real subtlety or restraint it often comes off as whining.As for all those who gave this cd 5 stars , I have to wonder if it 's due to the fact that almost no one can write a decent hook , and Jeff Buckley is simply the best of a bland lot.The one highlight of this album is his superb remake of Leonard Cohen 's ` Hallelujah ' . However one song ca n't redeem the whole cd . Spend your money on Leonard Cohen instead .
 Got this cd based on the song Hallelujah and everyone giving it such great reviews . Let me just say I am completely disappointed . I listened to it twice to give it the benefit of the doubt and found there are are only 2 or 3 songs I would ever wan na hear on this album ever again .
 I was drawn to this CD because of the repeated use of Hallelujah in various TV shows . I 'm sorry to say that none of the other songs on the CD come even close to the appeal of that Leonard Cohen classic . I was surprised and very disappointed . Should have just downloaded that one track .
 I was really disappointed in this album , it was a real piece of crap ... I must say . I do n't understand why this guy is always compared to Elliott Smith and Nick Drake , they 're so much better and so much more inovative . Jeff Buckley ... thumbs down .
 Just was n't impressed with the music on this CD , a friend had it and I was ... forced to listen to it . It just put me in a stupor and did n't do anything to interest me what so ever . I think I was possessed to write this review having had to sit through listening to this CD recently ...
 This CD is boring & bland . The CD may be suited to someone elses taste , but it will be in our next garage sale .
 Like many others , I had heard Mr. Buckley 's rendition of Leonard Cohen 's Hallelujah and was somewhat impressed . Thankfully , I did n't buy this CD but was able to sample a friend 's copy and found the remaining tracks downright awful . Obviously , this young man has a large and devoted following , but I would not recommend this CD to any of my musical friends .
 It seems like Jeff Buckley attempts to sound like a crossing between Elton John , Gary Moore , Montserrat Caball&eacute; and Muse , with a twist of progrock.He does not succeed in any of those attempts.His very little voice - whining and weeping , turning to distorted screaming during the refrains - is only partly compensated by the all but original acoustic guitar play , and only little more by the progrock inspired drums and electric guitars.Therefore , Jeff Buckley is at his best when he does n't sing.But he does . So ... The only OK song on ` Grace ' is the final ` Dream Brother ' . And still , it is only OK , not exactly brilliant .
 Regrettably , `` Hallelujah '' is the one track worth listening to on this Jeff Buckley CD . Although he was most assuredly gifted , talented and promising , this CD does nothing to buttress that opinion . One wants a more varied and nuanced portrait of this man and he is no longer with us to provide that diversity .
 He 's an alright musician , but how hard is it to inherit your fathers talents when it surrounds you everywhere ? His music resembles it too much . Another thing , his music is so soft , listening to the first minute of this album made me want to go to sleep . I mean music should n't all be heavy , but cmon , this is sleepy stuff that is just , well if your having problems sleeping , pop this in your cd player and there you go . Over-rated to the extreme , the cd now now makes for a nice beer mug coaster .
 If sickly sweet is your thing then buy this album . But do n't listen to me or the others , liusten to at least 3 tracks first . I bought this after listening to the Leonard Cohen cover -LRB- hallejuha -RRB- which I love but no other track sounds like that one , the rest of the album is sickly sweet and incredibly irritating and nauseating .
 I am a professional musician , music teacher , and songwriter . I first Heard JB when a student of mine gave me his dvd , I was excited to hear what my student thought I would like . Was I ever dissapointed , no that does n't even explain . This guy is horrific . The only positive thing to say is that he has a gifted voice . By no means is his voice doing anything groundbreaking . His band was lame , they reminded me of my crappy band when I was a 13 year old wan na be hippy . His songs lack struggle to keep a grooving feel , his guitar playing is a-wall . He ca n't even keep it in tune and his compisitions show a total lack of writing maturity and craft . Half of the other recordings I 've heard of his are so unlistenable it 's enraging . Jeff Buckley is only recogized as a good artist by amature music listeners who are more impressed with his mellow-dramatic sissy persona than his music . I bet all his fans deep down inside are confused as to why they like him . I bet they like myself find themselves not being able to find where the hell the beat and melody and harmony are going . Jeff is unworthy of his praise .
 This CD in a word-is horrible . Jeff Buckley 's music is brutal to listen to and I want my money back !
 This CD is -LSB- bad -RSB- . I 've heard so many good things about Jeff Buckley , so I put my hard earned money down and bought his album . HUGE mistake . This album was obviously rushed together with little or no thought involved . The lyrics are nonsense and the vocals are bordering on obnoxious . The only half way decent song is Grace . Aside from that . . this album was torture . Jeff Buckely 's music is -LSB- bad -RSB- ...
 Jeff Buckley 's Grace is exactly what is wrong with music today .
 Jeff Buckley 's `` Grace '' is a weak album by an all around weak artist . This album is the same old `` been there , done that '' trash that has been killing our music scene says the 80 's . A lot of people thought he was here to save music but that is clearly not the case . The only good rock to come out in the past 15 years is the Strokes . In conclusion , dont buy this album -- youll regret it . . i know i did . .
 Only one word can describe this album -- Atrocious . Jeff Buckley ?? Ha -- more like Jeff Suckley .
 Wow . . Jeff Buckleys `` Grace '' should be renamed `` Disgrace '' . What a stinker this album is .1 star is all this deserves , and that is being awfully generous .
 All I 've heard for almost 15 years now is ` Like , oh my God , Jeff Buckley 's music is so , like , beautiful ... ' Well I decided to drink the Kool-aid and buy the CD - I figured , ` Hey , I like tragic rock stars , I like beautiful music when it 's done right . I 'll give it a shot . ' I 'm sorry I ca n't give a review to all the songs because I was always either asleep or had left the room by song six . He 's the classic singer without a song - his lyrics are full of the type of mawkish , frat-boy pathos that sorority girls swoon over and anyone with a brain rolls their eyes or cringes at . He 's nothing compared to the Cowboy Junkies or Nick Drake or Elliot Smith or Simon or Garfunkel . I only gave it two stars because it is indeed a good cd if you ca n't fall asleep . Another case of early death making someone into an undeserved legend . Maybe he might have matured into the genuine article but I guess we 'll never know .
 I bought this basically because Hallelujah is such an amazing song for his phenomenal voice . I thoughtwrongly that the other songs on here would be similar in nature . Well there are one or two that are sort of similar , but mostly the songs , while showing his vocal range , are like 70 's prog rock or something . I did n't like them at all.I 'm very very bummed about this purchase , I should have listened to more snippets of songs before I bought it.I still love his voice , the guy sings like an angel , but these songs in my opinion are not the best showcase for it .
 I bought this CD because I heard `` Hallelujah '' on `` The West Wing '' and really loved it . Still do , but the rest of the CD is either so so or noise . For those who think he has an amazing voice , have your hearing checked , as his voice is average at best .
 This title is n't a title af Area . They are a incredible italian group and this is n't a their production
 I thought this was a soundtrack to Black Jack the Anime series , it was n't . I gave it to my brother because it is heavy metal type music .
 This title is n't a title af Area . They are a incredible italian group and this is n't a their production
 Good thing this is out of stock ! If you follow Chappo get his anthology . You wan na know what Chappo thinks of this c.d. ? Check his web-site .
 Sadly , I have to agree with some other people here
 Cydonia is comprised of short pop songs , often with vocals , that are more content to safely tread water than explore the ocean . This was nothing like previous Orb releases and for me was my first disappointment with the Orb . In the past the Orb created sonic worlds that blended into one another with a kind of serendipitous cohesion . But alas this album has no organic flow , no overarching sonic concept . It sounds rushed , offhand and is content to imitate the trends of electronica/pop circa 2001 rather than innovate . For example the boring and pointless female pop vocals found throughout the album tether the music to a formulaic pop syntax that is neither groundbreaking , pleasant , nor anything but bland . In fact the vocals sound out of tune much of the time so let 's add irritating to the list of adjectives . I do n't have anything against The Orb trying something different only that they keep up a high level of imagination and quality . If they wanted to make discrete pop songs , so be it . But Cydonia fails to be anything but imitative , there 's no spark , no wit , no exploratory whimsy . With this album The Orb ceased to be leaders in electronic music and , to my ears anyway , lost their muse and it killed the band for me .
 This is a far cry from the Orb that originally defined what has become dreamy , mellow trance . Whereas other artists have expanded and improved upon their genre , it seems on this disc that Orb is intent on ignoring the foundation they helped built to try out an amalgamation of new sounds . Within the first 10 seconds of listening to this CD I had a bad feeling about it , as I have in each subsequent attempt to listen to the album . If you thought Orblivion was their best , you 'll probably get a lot of enjoyment out like this album more . But if you 're like me and pine for a return to the rhythm and composition present on UFOrb and Ultraworld , this album is a real letdown .
 Alright , Is this is new album from ORB or just a little joke meant to make the REAL album look that much better !? I mean , who are we trying to kid ?! These tracks straight sound `` filler-for-the-next-scifi-movie '' I mean come on . I ca n't stand listening to this album . Now , I 'll admit , its my first ORB purchase , and I thought maybe Im just not accustomed to the sound . Well , I showed the album to my friend Steve , whos been known to pick up a few ORB albums every so often , and you know what ?! He was n't down with it either . So he brings over the album U.F.ORB , and Im thinking `` Why the -LRB- ... -RRB- coul n't Cydonia even be a little bit like Blue Room !?! '' Im falling apart here . I mean , was Alex , short on cash , and therefore spent 10 minutes on this album so he could get some spending money ?! This album is a disgrace . I coulda spent that 13 bucks on a Surgeon Import Record ... Oh well ... Todays the worst day of my life . No wonder the Future Sound of London hates these guys . SPEAKING OF WHICH ... WHEN IS THE NEW FSOL COMING OUT ?!!? You know what though - I guarantee its not gon na suck like this Cydonia garbage . The ORB are just like Rolling Stones - They need to know when to backdown and live a life of retirement.Kyle
 I 've been an Orb fan for the last seven years , and I 've spent half of them waiting for this album . Unfortunately , I was disappointed by the Orb for the first time . I have always been keen on the way Paterson and co. would create their tracks as auditory explorations , which they undertook at a leisurely pace . When I play Orbus Terrarum , I become immersed in a world of sound that unfolds at its own pace and creates its own rules . I 've always loved the way the Orb densely layers its sound like a sonic sandwich.Cydonia lacks the spirit of previous Orb efforts , in my opinion . The songs are too short , and instead of creating a musical terrain to explore , they present a single idea and play with it for a little while before moving on . In addition , I do n't feel like the sounds themselves are as dense or complex as previous efforts . The songs are n't bad , per se , and there are no real stinkers , so you may think my rating is overly harsh . However , Cydonia lacks the qualities that made me a fan of the Orb in the first place without replacing them with something new.I should also mention that this is the first Orb album that lacks anything resembling a theme -LRB- as far as I can tell , I could be wrong -RRB- . Like I said , each Orb album sort of creates its own world of sound , but Cydonia sounds like a retread of the sounds of Orblivion . I have n't given up on the Orb , but if I have to wait another three years or so , it wo n't be with baited breath .
 not the orb i used to know . listless and uninspired songs for one or more female vox who sound like bjork at her most sweetly straight . -LSB- in other words
 Huh ? What the hell is this ? The Orb 's latest effort is in my opinion its weakest . Gone are the amazing atmospherics of Outlands and U.F.Orb . Instead we have an entire cd of low-rent ambient , and in a day and age where most electro bands could easily play in place of one another , one expects more from the Orb . Growing old is hard , eh Alex ? Like another reviewer , save your money unless you are looking to round out your Orb collection .
 I got a square deal on this disc , and purchased it in spite of my initial misgivings . I was an Orb fan from the start , and although their albums are n't the sort that I listen to straight through , there was always enough wow-inducing material available to make every album worth having . Relative duds like Orblivion and U.F. Off should have been warning enough.That being said , this is n't really an album that long-time Orb fans should go out of their way for . Cydonia is an obvious attempt by an artist to stay alive in a changing market , and sadly , it does n't succeed . If you appreciated them for their flashes of genius -- and their best tracks are aging extremely well , I 'd say -- it 's best to avoid this awkward amalgam of currently popular musical fashions . It all plays out as an attempt to find new musical footing , and sounds like a series of wishy-washy experiments , rather than a cohesive musical idea . Not good . I 'm sure that fans will be tempted anyway , and maybe fair weather fans hoping for another ` Little Fluffy Clouds ' will still find something catchy enough to hold their interest for the moment , but listen carefully before buying .
 To be brief ... I could n't wait for today 's `` new release Tuesday . '' Finally , a new Orb release . What a disappointment . This is completely unimaginative - not a single unique beat or sound . This release has a background similar to Pomme Fritz , but with sporadic , banal vocals -LRB- The Orb with melodic lyrics is just plain wrong -RRB- . There is absolutely no reason to purchase this -LRB- except to round out your otherwise spectacular Orb collection -RRB- . I give it two stars , because it has glimmers of hope on perhaps one or two of the thirteen tracks . You will find this soon in your local cut-out or used bin . I want my money back , and am very sad . I think I 'll go home and listen to U.F.Orb now .
 There 's really not much to cheer about with this album . Time seems to have left Orb behind . Gone is the long , spacey ambient flotation and we are left with music that is more dub with female vocals more than anything else . I do n't like the feel of this record though there seems to be plenty of other reviewers who disagree . Can anybody really say they like the cover ?
 What is this ? I did n't sample the tracks that -LSB- Amazon.Com -RSB- supplies . Wish I could have but my `` modern '' computer ca n't handle both my scanner and sound system so I disabled the sound . I thought name recognition would be enough . I expected Patrick Williams ' New York Band . Try his `` 10th Ave '' -LRB- Soundings 1987 -RRB- . Really catchy tunes that you 'll play over and over . I love his bass trombone ... I looked forward to listening to Patrick Williams ' interpretation of Latino music . Not to happen with `` this '' New York Band . My take is that the composition and musicians ' interpretation come no where near the sophistication of the `` other '' New York Band . I think early teens would like the bouncy style . Listen to one track and the others will be similar in style - loud , fast , no inflection - just different singers . Where 's the `` feeling '' ? Sounded too `` mechanical '' to me . I thought it amusing that this group , having used a similar name to that of the 1987 group found it necessary to list a few of its copyright restrictions - one is no unauthorized `` lending '' . What gall ! Guess they were proud of their name since -LRB- in the background -RRB- they shouted it several times in two of their numbers .
 Unable to find . I have been trying to get my hands on this CD for a year now . Not only do i continuously check the net , but i am also on a list to be notified should any of these CD 's become avail used or new . A year later-still NO luck . Is anyone interested in selling Jumpin ' 2 / The song i love and want most from the CD is Carl Bean 's ` Born This Way ' .
 Hello everybodY !!! :-D It 's your old pal , Mervie Cortez Jr. ! Did ya miss me ? :-D :-D :-D Well me reviewing Kidz Bop 8 , oh boy oh boy ! Well a fiddle dee dee , boi-yoi-yoi-yoing , and I come to the conclusion
 KIDZ BOP is the worst music series !!! They 're terrible , off key , and some songs on this CD these kids should n't even be singing/listening to in the 1st place . Examples
 First of all , I agree with all of you . Kidz Bop is almost the worst thing that could happen to the world of music . -LRB- To the webmasters of Amazon.com , please include a `` zero-star option -RRB- 2 . To the `` Wang '' family , there are NO CURSE WORDS in either `` Lonely No More '' or `` Take Me Out . '' LISTEN TO THE MUSIC PEOPLE . To prove my point , I suggest you visit the website
 Why . I hate you so much , Kids Bop . Words alone can not describe what you have done to me . I had to listen to you at a younger cousin 's birthday party . My ears bled . Nobody wants to hear cheap ripoff little kids singing other peoples songs . Mind you , the only good song on this one seems to be Boulevard . I would sooner use this piece of crap as an expensive frisbee , and when it broke I would stick the pieces in my eyes , then put it in my CD player and corrupt it . Why would these bands -LRB- ahem , Greenday -RRB- give the ok for these people to cover their songs ? I think they 've made the single biggest mistake in their musicmaking career by giving them the rights to play this . If someone hands you this as a present , disown and never talk to that person ever again . They are sick and need medical attention . And chances are , if you are old enough to be on here wanting to buy this CD , you are either a VERY bad parent for even considering punishing your child by giving the little chitlin a copy of this , or you are a pedophile . If you are the latter , please join your sick friend in the happy home.Thank you for reading my review .
 Let me start this review off by saying that I absolutely hate `` KIDZ BOP !!!! 11 '' . I hate it with a passion . Kidz Bop is the source of all suffering in the world , and it ruined my life . One day I was minding my own business when I saw an ad for Kidz Bop on the computer . `` Hmm ... young children singing along to the latest popular songs on the radio ? That does n't sound too bad . '' I had yet to find out how horribly wrong I was . So , thinking the thoughts of an innocent , uncorrupted mind , I downloaded some of the songs from the Internet . At first it was n't that bad . `` It 's kind of off tune , but they 're just kids , right ? '' But , as I went on they became worse and worse . `` These songs are of inferior quality and are at best shoddy , '' I said to myself . That was only the start of it ; my mild annoyance soon gave way to bewilderment and disbelief . `` But ... why would anyone buy this ?! They are completely butchering all of the good songs !!! And half of them are about sex !!! With little kids singing them !!! '' After that I quickly degenerated into madness ... `` fcukapoo !! asgaspogoofoo!!!@1@#$ '' ... At which point I blacked out . This event has left me an empty shell of the man I once was . Kidz Bop burned a hole in me ... a horrible , wretched pit of hate . From this pit in my soul comes infinitesimal sorrow and misery . It 's also great for kid 's birthday parties !
 Firzt of all , I 'm Anne Himmelfarb ' z zon , Nathaniel , not her . What I want to zay is , Haz anybody noticed that the only people who ever give any kidzbop high ratingz are motherz . They all say that their kidz loved it . Either the only kidz that like the cdz are 4 and ca n't procezz thoughtz , or thiz is what happenz
 I 'd like to inform everyone that I am rating this album off the commercial and what I have heard from other people , since I would not even dare to think about buying this piece of trash.I have gone through a whole bottle of tums just this week trying to fight the indigestion that I get when I see one of the Kidz Bop commercials . This is just disgusting . I 've heard more delightful music when pooping.Just a note , there is going to be a Kidz Bop 9 , I have seen the commercial for it . This time , yet another Nickelback song is in this album -LRB- Yeah , you know , Nickelback , the band that makes several references to hardcore sex in its lyrics ? -RRB- , as if this make much of a difference . They picked out one of the very few songs from Nickelback that is not related to pornography -LRB- `` photograph '' , I believe it 's called -RRB- , and squeezed it among the other once mediocre , now terrible songs in Kidz Bop 9 . After all , the lyrics in `` photograph '' only involve breaking into places , dropping out of school , getting in trouble with the police , and doing drugs . `` NOW THATZ REELY 4-KIDZ '' Do n't believe me ? Look up the lyrics , I am not kidding.So say an eight-year-old -LRB- after all , this is KIDZ bop -RRB- likes this particular song , and decides to get the original album.Nice parenting , super-mom/dad ! You 've exposed your second-grader to porn and violence , via-music -LRB- if you have the guts to call it music -RRB- ! Hey , you have to teach them early ! And I made the terrible mistake of thinking that the `` BRATZ DOLLZ '' were the only ones to fool parents . * gasp * If this series goes into the double-digits , then the world will truely end.Sorry about getting off - topic with the 9th album , that was really all I wanted to say . I would have said something similar about the 8th one , as well .
 People as you can see I do n't really have to even write a review at all ... . everybody else around me show how bad this album is , in fact every single review is 1 star , if their was a 0 star rating they would all be 0 star ratings !!! As you can see this is obviously a scam to get your money , because they think it 's so cute that they are butchering up music , using little kids , for a price $ 19.95 plus shipping and handling !!! Well , I got news for you this is n't worth s * it period . All , this will do is give kids the wrong meaning of music , just listen to the actual music instead , hey I 'm convinced now my neighbor 's dog can even get a record deal , ... yeah !!! Hey , at least they have n't come out with a heavy metal Kidz Bop , if that ever happens remind me to seek refuge in a WW2 bunker somewhere !!! I like music , but little kids screaming out notes is n't the answer , ok , please make the maddness stop !!! Look , have any of you ever thought of getting NOW cds instead of this !!! The Now series is about worth the same amount of money with real music , even though it is biased to MTV , but heck anything is better than this ok !!! Listen to this and 30 seconds later your ears will be bleeding , and you may even lose your hearing after listening to this display !!!
 Do not buy this for your children it will corrupt thier minds ! Please for the sake of the children !
 I hate these little kids singing about stuff they do n't even know about ! With trashy lyrics ! The songs were bad to begin with but now ... In the next album they ruined FEEL GOOD INC ! What are they going to do for the cussing part ?! Their high little chipmunk voices ... Ew . They do n't even know what they are singing about . I want to strangle all of them . I ca n't imagine those artists letting the kidssing their songs . I just ca n't say how much I hate them . If I could give this 0 stars , i would .
 These songs are n't made for little kids . They do n't understad what they are singing . Songs are changed , then sung with horrible volcals and background singers . `` Music videos '' made to go along with the songs are steryotyped and do n't show the real message of the songs as the artist intends .
 first come 9/11 then the terrorists set us with another kidz bop cd and they actually made 9 of these ! when are the people at kidz bop gon na realize they suck a ** . Plus the 9nth one will definitley piss off Green Day fans by singing Wake me up when september ends . For all u people who like kidz bop , u r retarted to like this . It sucks because their voices havent changed and they are high pitched plus their advertising campaign is so horrible . Kidz bop , u suck , take this from a kid who thinks all of u totally suck . If they stop making these cds , than it will be an early Christmas 4 us . Thats why i give u one star .
 When I first saw a commercial for Kidz Bop I thought `` Hey , this sounds cool '' ! It had a lot of songs on it that I liked . So for christmas I asked for Kidz Bop . A little while later , I came up with the idea that I could download the songs I wanted on internet instead . So I listened to clips of some of the songs , but then I realized this is the worst album ever , and so are all the other Kidz Bop albums!Okay , first of all , it is basically wannabe singers singing the main parts and then a bunch of 6 year olds screaming out the chorus . It sounds HORRIBLE , like a wounded animal or nails on a chalkboard . Then , they pick songs that kids should n't be listening to or songs that they should n't even remake in the first place . I heard somewhere that the Kidz Bop 9 album is going to feature them singing `` Feel Good Inc. '' by the Gorillaz . And in this album , why are they singing `` Vertigo '' by U2 ? That 's a good song , until they ruin it.So kids and parents , save yourself the money and do not buy Kidz Bop .
 I AM NOT A KID !!!! I AM JOSEPH 'S OLDEST DAUGHTER -LRB- yeah it me again -RRB- i have something else to say : This CD is BAD , PERIOD . Enough said . And to Jeri , THEY BUTCHERED BOULEVARD OF BROKEN DREAMS ! THAT IS NO IMPROVEMENT ! AND THEY BUTCHERED AMERIE AND THE BACKSTREET BOYS TOO !
 WTF ?!?! This CD series must be the worst I have ever heard ... worse than the Now Series -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- . Every single song on here is butchered and this entire series is an absolute DISGRACE and INSULT to the original artists and songs . Green Day ?! Franz Ferdinand ?! It makes me cringe just to listen to the remakes of their songs . The artists on here NEVER intended their music -LRB- in any shape or form -RRB- , to be listened to by a bunch of little kids still in elementary school . This CD and all others in the series should be banned ! And quite frankly ... I think it would be just fine to leave `` what 's f*cked up '' in `` Boulevard '' . It would serve the parents who buy this crap for their kids right for supporting this insulting excuse for a cd series .
 just when you thought it was safe to go to cd storesjust when you thought it was safe to watch to tv againkidz bop 8 came !!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!! I can tell this series is horrible just by the comercials and the reviews here at amazon . it 's just a bunch of6 or 7 year olds yelling out words to good songs in stupidchimpmunk voices . and the adults are either american idolrejects or people who are on the brink of insanity.the kids voices also sound like a mixture of william hungnails scrathing against a chalkboard loud schreeching catshaving sex and the people from munchkinland . i 'm extremelysurprised an awesome band like Green Day would let lameass kidz bop use one of their songs . if you are sane or have aweak stomach do n't get this cd . I bet in 20 years these kidswill be saying something like '' I was that stupid !!!! '' . it is a waste of money . how high were the creators when theycreated this crap ? i would rather listen to cher for 27 hoursthan listen to this crap . kidz bop needs to be stopped nowor else the world will come to an end -LRB- or something close -RRB- . the only people who like it are soccor moms 3 year oldsand mentally insane people.so do n't waste your money on this crap !
 I was babysitting , and the kid was listening to the CD , and asked why Billie Joe sounded so sick . XD
 What the heck is wrong with people these days . I know that sometimes that music can be a little bad . You know with swaring and stuff . But they did n't have to ruin good songs . Kids Bop 1-8 have done nothing but ruin the greatest songs ever . Possibly a couple can be an acception but still . U2 's newest hit `` Vertigo '' was n't just butchered but it was murdered . MY GOD THE KIDS WHO SING THESE SONGS DO N'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THEY MEAN . William Hung sounds better than the adults on these CD 's . I never heard such crap in my life . What the $ # @ $ # @ $ is wrong with these kids . All these cd 's are are just Karaoke . PARENTS IF YOU HAVE ANY DESENCY DO N'T BUY YOUR KIDS THESE CD 'S . Buy the actual cds or get them the NOW Series . It 's not bad for children it 's Music murder and the people who develope Kids Bop should be arrested .
 to start off , this is an insult to music.the kids voices are horrific and sound like they think there cool.the songs are just candy coated versions of there big brothers.the songs i sing in music class sound better than these turds.The sad thing is that most of these songs are good and franz ferdinand should persue legal action.These schmukcy kids turned take me out into a damn disco song ! . vertigo will make your eardrums bleed because of the kids awful voice.To sum it up , any parent considering buying this atrocity should have there ASS whupped personaly by ME !!!!
 First of all let it be known that I do n't own any of the Kidz Bop C.D. , nor will I ever . I really would give this 0 stars if I could . Kidz Bop has compleatly disgraced the name of music as we know it.First we a bunch of whiney kids singing the great songs that we all know and love , and horribly at that . I know that they are just kids and we ca n't expect them to sing like experienced singers , but honestly they 're just screaming the lyrics and do n't sound as if they are making any effort.Next the adults who sing along sound just as bad , if not worse . I do n't have a good singing voice and I sing 100x better this.Next most of these songs -LRB- On here and on previous Kidz Bop C.D.s -RRB- contain suggestive lyrics about drugs , sex and such topics kids should n't know about , yet some parents buy this for their kids , way to go . What type of parent would buy this for their kids , I know I wo n't when I have kids.And the fact that they edit out certin words does n't make it any better . The songs just lose their meaning and sound horrible when they replace any certin words with another . what self respecting artist would let their hard and meaningful written songs be murdered like this.Unfortunatly great artist 's songs like Green Day 's Boulevard Of Broken Dreams , U2 's Vertigo , Gwen Stefani 's Cool , and Gavin Degraw 's Chariot fall into this categorie.It really makes you wonder what they will do next?I can just see it now ... Kidz Bop 10
 This abysmal series smoked donkey nuggets since day 1 os the first disc . I 'd review this further , but Eggplant wrote what I was gon na say . Go buy `` Rhythm of Time '' by Jordan Rudess instead .
 who wants to listen to kids sing ? they suck so much . Plus they use horrible songs like caught up . Just buy the cd from the people who actually SING it RIGHT instead of dumb untalented kids who cant sing . Plus at 18 bucks is a complete rip off!this is pure crap and the title is dumb .
 I saw the commercial for Kidz Bop -LRB- i lost 10 IQ points writing that -RRB- and I screamed bloody murder . What the -LSB- ... -RSB- is wrong with these people ? because ... OMG BOULEVARD OF BROKEN DREAMS HAS A BAD WORD !!!!! WE 'RE ALL GON NA DIE !!!!!! if you have kids under 8 , who want `` adult '' music , but YOU do n't want bad themes/words ... get Hilary Duff . She 's way better than those losers . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Kidz bop is horrible . This is the worst cd ever ! These kids have no talent , and the adult singers are like rejects from american idol . The kids are n't even singing in most of the songs , they 're yelling ! These songs are NOT kid friendly , if you 've seen them on mtv . If you want these songs by the REAL artists , go to www.walmart.com and download them . Also , get Now 19 and Got hits 2 which are cds with a whole bunch of songs by the REAL artists . The only reason that anybody buys Kidz Bop cds is to make them laugh at how horrible they are .
 Britney Spears sucks.Good Charlotte/Simple Plan/Blink -182 sucks.Fake R&B ; superstars suck . -LRB- not all are -RRB- Rap sucks . -LRB- only Snoop , Dre , and Nas are accepted -RRB- But THIS my friend , tops the list.First , we have crappy songs.Then , to top it all ! ALL ! THE ONE THAT IS WORSE.So , what could be worse than a sl.ut like Britney?KIDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UGH !!! It terrifies me . They ruined these songs ! Now , I do n't mind the runing some of those fakes , but mocking Gwen Stefani , Kelly Clarkson , etc. . BUT FRANZ FERDINAND !!! This just flat out pis-ses me off.Not only is it 1-star , it 's negative ! -100000000000000 stars !!! Awful.Don ' t buy it !!!
 I dont even know how to start . This is terrible , it is beyond words how bad it is . Theyre high pitched voices jesus christ . Ok , most of the songs on here are just crappy pop songs , which suck bad enough.But theyve taken it to a new level of terrible . their cover of `` take Me Out '' was the worst . Most of these songs are not meant for annoying voices to sing . This cd has disturbed me to the core . Maybe a few of them should wait till their balls drop before they start singing this sh*t . DO NOT BUYDO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY !
 All of these kids should burn in hell for covering a u2 song .
 First of all , this is a horrible album . All the songs are ruined because they are sung by little kids that have terrible voices . Hizzay , I feel sorry for the original artists of these songs -LRB- except backstreet boys , who just suck anyways -RRB- . I recommend that all little kids should listen to Metallica and Nirvana . These bands are excellent . They are also the `` Shiznit '' .
 I mean comeon , I 'm a extrme Greenday fan and this just makes me mad , that these little squeeky kids are effortlessly singing my favorite songs . They 're barley appriote for little kids , most of these songs have bad words in them . Whats next ? Putting Milkshake , candy shop , Jesus of Suberbia , laffy taffy , or Eminems @ $ $ like that , and change it to butt like that ?! We do n't need little 4 year olds listening to Green Day god , espeily if they decide to sing it very badly around you ' r house . Further more I give this two paws down ! - Wolf
 i aplogize to green day and u2 who i like dearly . WHHHHHYYYYY IS THIS CREATED !!!! these kidz suck !! i wnatto `` bop '' them with a beseball bat !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh by the way , the review is really about -100000000 stars .
 iv herd howler monkeys sing better than kidz bop ! WTF WERE THEY THINKING !? most of there songs were bad to begin with . its all mostly pop crap . i feel sorry for green day and u2 and other serton bands . i dont feel sorry for all the pop artists though . and one more thing to say . if kidz bop is so `` unpopular '' , than why dont they stop making kidz bop albums ?! and why cant they WRITE THERE OWN SONGS ?!?!?!?!?!?
 Take a bunch of songs meant for teenagers . have some talentless 8 year olds sing the same songs and ruin them , and stick them on an album . Stop airing your stupid commercials on telivision because nobody wants to buy Kidz Bop ! It 's really bad and pointless . Just stop releasing CD 's , take your commercials off telivision , EVERYTHING !
 Ever since the 2000 's , music has slowly decreased in quality and talent , and it is being replaced by this thing called `` pop '' that seems to attract young kids , and obviously teens also . Unfortunately , for Christmas , I got this cd from Hell instead of some REAL music , after hearing the overrated and awful mainstream songs that are over played on the radio day and night , they seemed to `` kid-ified '' , I only listen to this for humor in fact , the voices make me laugh . Eventually , the cd became one of the awful mistakes that appeared in my closet . This music actually gave me headaches from hearing the stuff.Do yourself a favor , instead of buying this crap for your kids , buy some REAL talented music , such as Tool , Metallica , A Perfect Circle and some Stone Temple Pilots !
 I have been informed from someone who works with the executives of the Kidz albums and he gave me a list of the songs being considered for a new `` Classic Rock Style '' Kidz Bop album . Enjoy ! 1 . Led Zeppelin-Houses of the Holy2 . Beatles - I Wan na Hold your Hand3 . Eagles-Hotel California4 . Jimi Hendrix - Foxxy Lady5 . Rolling Stones - Its Only Rock and Roll -LRB- But I Like It -RRB- 6 . Steppenwolf-Born to be Wild7 . The Who-Behind Blue Eyes8 . Kiss-Rock and Roll all Night9 . AC/DC - Shook Me All Night10 . Mamas and the Papas-California Dreamin11 . Guns and Roses-Paradise City12 . Pink Floyd-The Great Gig in the Sky13 . Metallica - Sanitarium14 . Sex Pistols-God Save the Queen15 . Ramones-Judy is a Punk16 . Billy Idol - White Wedding17 . Tears for Fears-Dont You Forget about Me18 . Iron Maiden - Run to the Hills19 . David Bowie - Ziggy Stardust20 . Def Leppard - Pour Some Sugar on MeAwsome lineup for the new Kidz Bop album , Am I Right !?
 I think that these are the best songs ruined by the worst group of singers . I would give it 5 stars if the REAL singers performed the songs , but nNOoo ! They just HAVE to be sung by little kids who ca n't even sing !!!!
 This IS NOT Joseph . I am his oldest daughter.Kidz bop is a COMPLETE EMBARRASSMENT to every artist they use . The stupid little kids singing in the background sound like a bunch of chipmunks . If I made a CD , I would not want it demolished by the kids and the adults singing on this crap of the record as well . They screwed up my favorite songs -LRB- Incomplete , 1 2 Step , 1 thing , Since you 've been gone , you know what ... THEY SCREWED UP EVERYTHING ! -RRB- The idiots that produce Kidz Bop NEED TO STOP . If i was Ciara , I would screaming into a pillow , `` WHY ME GOD '' . Please people , I am begging right now . DO NOT BUY THIS CD ! EVER ! EVER ! And did i mention ... . EVER !
 This Cd is cruel and unusual punishment . All of these songs are now ruined . One Question ... Since when is Franz Ferdinand a kids band ? give me a break ! I can never listen to take me out withiout imagining those kid voices in the background drilling in to my head .
 who ever came up with kids bop is so dumb who could think they could get stupid kids to sing some good songs it totally ruins the music.die kids bop !
 First of all , how did this horrible series make it to eight ?? If this crap were on the market as recent as ten years ago , it would 've been laughed at from the get-go . Now , it gets to succeed and make some evil mind millions thanks to clueless soccer moms across the globe.But this one really fries me . Why ? Well ... they butchered the first band I really liked , Green Day . They took `` Boulevard Of Broken Dreams '' and used it to wipe their -LSB- ... -RSB- . Yes , I actually listened to the above sample -LRB- morbid curiosity -RRB- and I got what I expected . I also noticed U2 got the Kidz Bop treatment , not to mention the okay `` Take Me Out '' . Kidz Bop ... if you 're going to keep spewing out this trash , stick to butchering the boy bands , pop-tarts , pop-rap , emo , and miscellaneous -LRB- Baha Men , who still , IMHO , hold the title for the worst song ever , ` Who Let The Dogs Out ' . Yes , five years later , I still have yet to hear a song worse than that . -RRB- . Leave bands with actual merit , like Green Day and U2 , alone , okay?I know this next comment will open up a Pandora 's box of `` unhelpful '' votes , and will take my reviewer ranking down , and even some hate reviews -LRB- no need to insult them , they 're sticking up for Kidz Bop for god 's sake ! -RRB- , but here goes
 My little sister bought this cd the other day.Oh my god this is maybe the worst piece of Drivel I have ever had the mispleasure to listen to.It sounds like they took 30 kids , one male and one female karoake singer spent one hour in a recording studio and did this cd.The kids and the Female/male lead singers butcher this cd completely . There is no talent on this cd ! it 's so bad ! Wow really bad!Listen to the Samples if you do n't believe me , it 's the worst and most annoying cd ever released.Why shell out 15 or 16 bucks for this cd , when you can just go to any kids slumber or birthday party and listen to kids butcher popular songs for free.And to the parents who are thinking of buying this for their kid , when it comes to this CD , Your better off spending your money on a educational book or game.Don ' t spend 15 bucks just to get your kid to stay calm and not bother you for one hour.It 's not worth it.I 'm done .0 starsThe Opinionated One has Spoken
 ok if any makers of kidz bop r readin this then i have to ask u this ... . WHY !!!! i mean really , who buys these cds , even when i was about 6 i was maken fun of this cd , im sorry if i offended anyone by this review but please use this buying guide to buying belowAge/suggestion2 -4 / go ahead and burn ur ears5-7 / ok u need to rap up ur kidz bop listenings8-11 / ok seriously stop or u will get beaten12 + / GET A LIFE !!!
 Yes , all of the songs on this cd are bad ... i just had to listen to one sample and see the commercial ... However , all this nonsense about Boulevard of Broken Dreams being better on this cd is retarded ... the original one is 50000x better than any Kidz Bop version . Yes , most of these songs are not meant for children so get the originals ... Also for parents , Metallica , Led Zepplin and other artists are way better than this and contain no profanity .
 kids bop is terrible , everyone hates it . The music on this CD is made even worse than it was in the first place -LRB- with the exeption of a few songs -RRB- Why would anyone buy this ? I got this waste of a CD for my birthday and broke it after skimming through 3 songs , which i hated.I do not recommend this terrible CD , put your money into something more useful .
 I ca n't believe it ! This children 's CD has cuss words ! Kidz Bop has become an aldultrated Kidz Bop , which does n't make sense . Heh , not long til they put a Lil jon song . Boy , have I seen Judgement Day !
 Obviously , the people behind the Kiz Bop CD 's have not gotten the message
 Well , it 's a tribute to capitalism I suppose that here we have the 8th , and not final , CD in a series that only about 3 % of those who hear it do n't hate . So , who exactly is the market for this stuff ? Is is all just parents who think they are buying one thing and end up getting something else ? With each new CD there is a new crop of moms with three-year-olds just discovering music , and somehow these moms get suckered into buying this ? Why do the used copies of this cost more than a buck?Anyway , my wife borrowed this at the library and I woke up this morning to this cra ... uh ... stuff playing on my three-year-old 's CD player -LRB- usually reserved for Beach Boys and Barney tunes -RRB- . It sounded different from what he usually listens to so I listened to a few songs while I was waking up over my morning coffee.Talk about creepy ! All these angst driven songs about stuff my little guy has no concept of and hopefully some stuff he never will . What parent would buy this CD for a child knowing what 's on it?Anyway , I reserve my right as a parent to let my child have a childhood . He can wait until his teenage years to be a rebel and listen to music I hate , and even then I 'll draw a line somewhere . I just did n't want to deal with this stuff during the present decade .
 My 4 year old sister listens to this in the car and me and my brother want to explode ! WE hate hearing songs we know -LRB- and a few ones are good -RRB- song by kids with NO TALENT ! If you look at the booklet in the CD case it says the last names of the original artist but you DO NOT hear there voices in the songs ! I always complain to my mom that she bought it . ITs torture !!! I alos do n't see why people do n't buy the original cds . Who cares if they hear a bad word there are a million other words in the song . So everyone should chill about that and if they want there kids to listen to songs on the billboard charts buy the original artist 's album ! And if you do n't want your child to hear ` bad words ' by them albums with songs like the `` farmer In the dell '' and `` twinkle Twinkle Little Star ! '' It 's that easy !
 When in God 's name is this pathetic , repulsive , disgusting , and overall ridiculous series gon na end ?! It does n't take a genius to figure out when something is truly worthless , and obviously I 've figured out this series far surpasses that limit . A good way to describe these kids bop discs is `` pointless '' , because really , they are . I mean , this has been said billions of times but I 'm gon na add my contribution here . All of America needs to step up and take a stand against this series of trash . I am thankful to God I did n't actually spend even one cent on this because if I did it would surely mean that I 'd lost my sanity alltogether . Today 's rock is idiotic , sung only by stupid moronic teenagers , as opposed to the old days , you know , of Lynnard Skynnard , Led Zeppelin , Metallica , all of those guys . Well , the only satisfaction I get of this series is knowing that at least they butcher songs like Caught Up , which is a good song with 100 % pointless lyrics . Just another `` I found a woman I want , gon na take her home and have sex with her '' song . The beat is great and Usher has a great voice but he needs to focus his singing on useful topics we give a -LSB- darn -RSB- about . I mean whoever wants to hear an entire album of nothing but pointless relationship songs ?! I should n't have said it was ok for these -LSB- idiots -RSB- to butcher Usher 's 1 # hit . I 'm sorry . I was just talking about the -LSB- messed -RSB- up lyrics . I find it dispicable that any parent would allow their child to listen to these great songs , ruined by -LSB- little -RSB- -LSB- kids -RSB- . It 's like an entire part of me has been eliminated now to hear these great hit songs KILLED by the kids bop kids . I refuse to mis spell the name like these -LSB- idiots -RSB- do on the cover . It 's KIDS , not KIDZ . Stupid -LSB- morons -RSB- . I hope the day comes when they turn to Hilary Fluff and ruin her -LSB- moronic -RSB- songs instead of these great ones . She 's the most beautiful life form ever to live in history but she needs to stop singing , stop acting -LRB- She 's terrible at both -RRB- , and focus on just living with the 49867439876984376984789 dollars she makes because of her wealthy parents and her -LSB- ugly -RSB- sister . kids bop needs to ruin her garbage , not these guys ' . Now that we 've cleared that up let me take a moment to reflect on how I felt seeing the -LSB- messed -RSB- up commercials for this -LSB- bad -RSB- Cd . I first saw them murder3 Doors Down 's `` When I 'm Gone '' , which is really a song about supporting our troops , and then in the -LSB- bad -RSB- kids bop version , no , it 's about these two little -LSB- girls -RSB- looking at this `` dreamy '' guitarist playing that song supposidly and I ca n't believe I did n't write a scathing angry letter to the kids bop company , or orginization of -LSB- homosexuals -RSB- , or whatever . This angers me and I find it truly insulting that anyone , even my three brothers who are under ten , would support this stupid , idiotic -LSB- stuff -RSB- ! It goes without saying that no one likes it , so why the -LSB- heck -RSB- are we continuing to see these frisbee substitutes in the store ?! -LRB- I 'm known as the clean reviewer . I replaced the cuss words with slightly nicer words , but of the same meaning . -RRB- Signed , the Clean Reviewer -LRB- And truly angry at this disc for ruining songs -RRB-
 This cd sounds like a bunch of 8-year-olds screaming . I like most of the original songs , but they are sung increadible badly by young kids . Most of these songs are meant to be sung by only one person , but the `` Kidz Bop Kids '' have about 10 people singing them at once . DO NOT BUY THIS CD !!! I 'd give this 0 stars if I could , but there is n't an option for that .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Alright , I 'll be honest with you
 This is an insult to music , pure and simple . Only Kidz Bop can take a great song like Green Day 's `` Boulevard of Broken Dreams '' or U2 's `` Vertigo '' and completely destroy it . First of all , if they 're going to have kids sing songs , they should at least pick songs that are age-appropriate . I do n't think 7-year olds own the `` American Idiot '' album or listen to Gwen Stefani on a regular basis ... they should be singing Disney songs or the latest Hilary Duff hits , not music that they should n't be listening to in the first place , let alone singing them . Besides , most of the songs on the CD are rap/hip hop songs , and a few are pretty suggestive . Second of all , the kids completely destroy the songs . They are n't even singing half the time ; they 're backed up be equally bad -LRB- if not , worse -RRB- adults ! Who wants to buy a CD with a bunch of songs sung by kids when they could get the originals -LRB- which are 10,000 x better -RRB- instead ? It 's just an excuse for all these so-called `` stage moms '' to get their American Juniors rejects a gig.Overall , not a good buy . If you want some good , age-appropriate music for kids to listen to , try a Disney Mania CD or the Bratz Rock Angels . If you do n't want to gear towards the trendy , overrated direction , the Beatles are always good .
 so one day , i am talking to a good friend about various topics when she blurts out in agony , `` kids bop covered boulevard of broken dreams !!! '' at first , i didnt believe her , but when she insisted , i decided to check it out . i went onto amazon and pulled up the kids bop 8 page . i dont think i need to tell you , but i was appalled at what i saw . not only were my favorite band , green day , being covered by these snot-nosed monsters , but other great bands like u2 , franz ferdinand , and countless others were being massacred ! the entire kids bop corporation deserves a slap on the you-know-where for submitting this garbage to the public . The children listening to this dribble cant even understand what they are listening to ! I would never expect children that age to understand the lyrics to these songs . as a music fan , it is literally mind-boggling that someone would market un-talented , squeaky-voiced brats attempting to sing songs they shouldnt even be listening to . it disgraces me to find out that green day 's music is being marketed for kids as young as three . since when have they been a children 's band ????? not the last time i checked . parents who are reading this , this is not only musical crap , but it is not appropriate for your child . and if you are reading this after purchasing this god-awful product , god have mercy on your soul.signed , your fellow american idiot
 People actually buy this ? The original versions of these songs are much better . Whichever company makes these cds need to STOP.This Cd is nothing but an insult to the stellar artists who originally recorded and sang these songs . Please , do n't buy this junk that costs money . Instead , if you like these songs , buy albums from the original artists .
 The whole Kidz Bop Kidz idea is horrible.If you wa n't your kids to listen to kid-appriote songs , then check out Radio Disney , or something similar , NOT this . These songs are definetley not meant for kids . I would n't want my kid to listen to songs about infedility , and sex , or songs filled with curse words , even if they are bleeped out . Just because they 're sung by kids does n't make it kid-friendly . And if you 'll let you 're kid listen to this type of music , do n't buy Kidz Bop . Buy something like the Now series , that actually sounds good , and is n't just a bunch of off-key kids and an American Idol reject.Only buy this if you want songs that are definetly not kid appropiate , sung by horrible singers .
 Who thought this crap up like some producer guy said ok lets get a bunch of kids from the 5th grade take super mainstream songs sexual or not and make them sing them this is terrible i feel for the children on these albums whats next kidz bop gangsta or kidz bop thrash coverings songs from artists like GWAR Anthrax PanterA Metallica slayer and megadeth this is trash i fear growing up in this world with other children like this please just buy your children metallica pantera and anthrax albums please
 I have heard the commercials and read 75 reviews about `` kidz bop . '' I think , YOU STINK ON ICE ! I listened to Green Day 's Boulevard of Broken Dreams in 2 ways
 Oh , great , another cheap and easy way to make money . OMG THEY HAV KIDZ SINGIN THA CHORISIS OMG I ? GOTA GIT THIZ !!!! This needs to stop . It 's so blatantly obvious that this was made for the money . It 's quite sad , actually . I am offended that they copied a Green Day song and a U2 song . I love both of those groups and feel violated that these little 8-year-olds , who probably have no idea what any of these songs are about , dumbed down the songs of 2 of the best music groups in the world -LRB- Even if I do n't exactly `` care '' for U2 's new album , which what the song that they copied was from . But it 's the principal , you know ? -RRB- I ca n't believe that my friend 's parents bought this for his little sister . And I suppose the z in place of the apostrophe s is supposed to be kool , hmm ? What ever record company is making this , I ca n't imagine that they 're getting a lot of sales with this nonsense , so stop . It is an embarassment to kids , to the record company making these , to music , and to the artists that make these songs -LRB- Even if the majority of these artists are talentless bubblegum pop stars , other than U2 and Green Day , but once again , it 's the principal -RRB- . STOP IT !!!!! NOW !!!!!
 I HATE Kidz Bop ! Anyway , they ruin GOOD songs that Bands/Artists have worked hard for , and won awards for the Song/Music Video then on Feburary 21st Kidz Bop is coming out with ANOTHER CD ! Noooooo ! These are the songs on it : Behind These Hazel Eyes -LRB- Kelly Clarkson -RRB- Beverly Hills -LRB- Weezer -RRB- Do n't Lie -LRB- Black Eyed Peas -RRB- Wake Me Up When September Ends -LRB- Green Day -RRB- Listen To Your Heart -LRB- D.H.T. -RRB- Just The Girl -LRB- The Click Five -RRB- Pon De Replay -LRB- Rhianna -RRB- Cool -LRB- Gwen Stefani -RRB- Photograph -LRB- Nickelback -RRB- These Words -LRB- Natasha Bedingfield -RRB- You And Me -LRB- Lifehouse -RRB- Feel Good , Inc. -LRB- Gorillaz -RRB- Chariot -LRB- Gavin DeGraw -RRB- Boyfriend -LRB- Ashlee Simpson -RRB- Speed Of Sound -LRB- Coldplay -RRB- We Belong Together -LRB- ? -RRB- Wake Up -LRB- Hilary Duff -RRB- Axel F -LRB- Crazy Frog -RRB- > _ < Die Kidz Bop ! You DO N`T ruin Feel Good Inc. . !
 Just when you think it 's over.Just when you think it 's okay to watch TV again . * long scream * KIDZ BOP 8 !!!!!!!! first of all , to all the people who say it 's cute that they sing about sex , I honstly hope you 're being sarcastic . That 's the only reason I can think of that you would actually say that.Boulevard of Broken Dreams in on a CD with the dreaded Parental Advisory label . And now , it 's on a CD , fore kids , being sung by kids . No Parental Advisory . I do believe I make my point .
 trust me . . no kid wants this cd . for kids 1-6 its ok but the kids that sing the song are aggravating and after the first song or two u want o kill them . also , they kill songs . boulavard of broken dreams was a good song made by the best band . but now its on kids bop . take me out is a good song . killed by kids bop . the only reason that parents wud buy this -LRB- im guessing -RRB- is so the mean cuss words would be taken out . go buy the exact song on itunes that dont have the cuss words . most of the songs dont even have cuss words in them . this is a waste of your money !!!!! after you listen to them once i bet you will never want to listen to it again !! -- dont buy this cd and hopefully we can get kidz bop to stop killing songs and making cd 's !!
 I usually could care less about these ` Kidz Bop ' discs . They are just a bunch of tone deaf kids running around , acting like `` pop stars '' when , in reality , their living with their parents in a regular house.But when they butcher U2 's ` Vertigo ' and Green Day 's ` Boulevard of Broken Dreams , ' that truly got me mad . U2 is one of my all-time favorite bands , and coming from a guy who owns a ton of their bootlegged concerts , CD-singles and all of their albums , this makes about as mad as you could possibly get . Why Bono , The Edge , Adam and Larry allowed this to happen is beyond me . If I were an artist , I would n't let these kids touch my music.Same for Green Day . I own all of their albums and most of their CD-singles . And the Kidz Bop Kids take on ` Boulevard , ' a classic , is just disgraceful.Overall , if you want to contribute to having the music world completely go straight to h-e-double hockey sticks , than buy ` Kidz Bop 8 . ' But , if you were smart , than you 'd stay away and just pretend this does n't exist . Think of it this way
 This is one really awful CD . I ca n't really stand Kidz Bop , but I would n't even think of buying this trash . I 've just heard some of the songs . There IS going to be a Kidz Bop 9 , and it 's probably going to be just as rubbish as this is . What 's going to be on volume 9 then?Another U2 song being runied ? Yet ANOTHER Nickleback song totally not meant for kids ? Another Kelly Clarkson song which will end up being buchered ? I dread to think . And I do n't want to listen to any of them either . So I 'm not going to listen to these ones this time . I 've had enough . Do n't buy ANY of the Kidz Bop CDs.What 's happened to this world ? Will the dreadful sound and music of Kidz Bop ever end ?
 If you really want your kid to listen to kid music-get them a CD that was ORIGINALLY made for their age group . The people buying this are probably the same people who buy ` clean ' versions of rated R DVDs . You ca n't just water stuff down and make it PG . Ciara and Frankie J are for grown folks-leave it at that !
 I saw the commercial for this CD today and I still ca n't stop my ears from bleeding . I never understood why they make these CD 's . The regular versions of the songs are much , much better and as far as I know , they do n't have anything objectionable that should keep younger listeners from listening , so what 's the deal ? The worst song on here has to be Boulevard Of Broken Dreams . I just about died when I heard what they did to that . Steer far , far away from this and the rest of the discs in the series .
 I listened to some of the samples and then thought how hideous it is for small kids.there wo n't be a person who wants to uisten to this cd.there are so many and they all destroy some good songs.some of these songs are appropriate for kids but are now ruined.This is ot worth losing ur money over .
 I reviewed this album by listening to the samples . After the third `` song '' I had to stop as my ears were melting off my skull , and my internal organs haemorrhaging . Ahh , this must be the music they use to extract information from Guantanamo Bay detainees , cleverly disguised as a Kidz Bop album .
 The first or second Kidz bop was cute and fine . Now it 's out of control . Hearing girls yelling out lyrics of Green Day 's ` Boulevard of Broken Dreams ' and Avril Lavigne 's ` Nobody 's Home ' is worse than Hilary Duff yelling them out.They say these songs are kid approiate . Even through the songs listed above are some of the best songs this band and artist have sang so far , their best for tweens and up , being about being alone and losing hope . And many of the others are apparent without explanation.Stop the Bop and give the dignity of these songs back to who they 're meant to be sang from , and that 's the ones who sang them originally !
 Kelly Clarkson - Since U Been GoneU2 - Vertigo2 great songs ruined . Need I say more ? These `` Kidz '' ca n't sing , and I HATE Kidz Bop . What awful trash .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- The sexual messages in Frankie J 's song may be subtle , but they 're there ! I mean I 'm 11 and a half , and I know that I 'm at least close to the teen years , but these songs are directed at my age group and I can even notice the negative messages like I mentioned ! I 'm not even that smart -LRB- sadly -RRB- , and if I can notice these things , any kid my age can ! These Cd 's should be wiped off the market , and out of existence . I hate them , they ruin songs that I like -LRB- that contain no explicit material -RRB- , and most of them are NOT for kids !!!!! I also think it 's retarded that they intentionally misspell the word ` Kids ' in the title ! Are we just trying to dumb down our nation 's youth ?! By teaching them that it 's cool to misspell ?! Do you people read reviews ? No one had good grammer or punctuation anyway ! Before long we 'll be speaking a new language in this country ! It was once english , but kids were tought to misspell and pronounce things and the original english language is gone ! Do you want that day to come ?! It will if we do n't stop teaching kids these bad lessons ! Luckily I 've been raised properly , by parents who know how to be parents ! I know what 's wrong or right , and this retarded CD series is definiately wrong !!!!!!!!!!!! WRONG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's also dumb , stupid , and idiotic!Signed , Ralph Roberts
 What do these kids sing when the F bomb hits ????
 I truthfully do n't think that this CD is appropriate for young kids . On this CD there is Boulevard of Broken Dreams . I have nothing against Green Day , as in I do have some of their CDs . I 'm just really shocked that they would put a song on this CD that uses a swear word . Some of the songs they have on these Kidz Bop CDs talk about adult matters . I highly recommend you not to buy this CD for your kid .
 Most people HATE Kidz Bop !! I wish the stupid company who release these would just see this . It 's for `` kidz '' , is it?Some of the songs are really appropriate . Bit of sarcasm for ya.This sucks .
 Warning
 Oh my ! Another kidz bop disc ? Why am I not at all surprised ? This really must stop . I 'm floating on the fringes of sanity as we speak . Plus , I 'm running out of clever insults .
 From Somethingawful.co
 what the heck are people thinking ? kids messing up awesome songs ? come on!Also , the people who said bad things about it for their FIFTEEN YEAR OLD son . `` Lonely No More '' and `` Take Me Out '' have no cuss words at all . Listen to the music , people
 Every since i was young , i 've see this advertised and every time i say ` get a life to THE KIDZ-BOP KIDS ' all the songs are just being used like their bubble-gum pop ! Boulevard of Broken Dreams , is so much more than just some stupid kids singing it , because NONE of them , would actually know what it means if you read the lyrics . they should n't be singing rock/punk music or anything music for that matter on here . it insults the music world . i hate this kidz bop - they should be put out of business long ago . but they still buy it cause they wan na be ` cool ' well get a life . people if you like that , you 'll be so surprised when you actaully hear the musicians sing it when you BUY their CD , which you should have done in the FIRST place . it 's such annoying . dont buy this , please just do n't buy it , anything else is BETTER than this .
 I just ca n't believe people buy his ! It 's like my little brother and his friends screaming in front of the PC microphone with the original songs as background music . They 're just killing the artists . Green Day , U2 , Avril Lavigne , Franz Ferdinand , Kelly Clarkson ... there 's no way I would ever enev consider about buying this thing.Are you people really gon na tell me that these kids can sing ? I bet they 're just a bunch of kids whose parents are n't working and they need money for food !! Please do n't even try the music sampler , or your ears could suffer pretty serious damage , I mean it , that 's what 's happening to me now !!!
 For the one billionth time , if you want to listen to these songs , buy the originals or download them . Seriously , they made one of my favorite bands , Green Day , look like a pile of horse dung . Here are some artists that are JUST more talented than Kidz Crap : D4L -LRB- beats it by 0.0000000000001 % -RRB- Mike Jones -LRB- Who ? Mike Jones ! -RRB- Paul WallYing Yang Twins50 CentDem Franchise BoyzChingyNellyOKAY WE GET IT !!!!!!! Because its 2006 , anyone can get a record deal . But seriously , Kidz Bop needs to be taken down once and for all . Hopefully Vol .9 will be the last .
 Okay . I 'm sure everyone in the previous comments have spoken enough . I 'll just add some more info.I can see Kidz Bop 10 now.TRACK LISTINGS ! 1 . Ohio Is For Lovers - Hawthorne Heights -LRB- `` Cut my wrist and black my eyes '' -RRB- I mean , c'mon , they sing about the triple x , this is only expected next .2 . Heretic Anthem - Slipknot . I would n't really care if they ruined Slipknot . Slipknot stinks anyhow.You know . `` KIDZ BOP - EM0 !!!! 111onwshift ! 11 `` Ah . You all get my point.When I have kids , they 're gon na listen to the Ramones . Non-stop . 24/7 .
 As you probably see , I do make pretty short reviews . I try to make them as straight and to the point as possible . Looking at all of the other Kidz Bop , who would buy the new ones ? Unknown wanna-be adults are singing with children the newest hits at the time . These albums are making the actual song sound bad . If you pay attention closely , you can see that they are making fun of the song . Listeninig to the first song made me want to take it off . Bottom line , DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM , PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!
 Why is it that America must ruin songs by putting them in a Kids format ? I 'm sorry , but that 's just a bad idea to start with . Buy the original songs , in an edited format if you want to listen to them .
 Kidz Bop 8 is a waste of money . Why are you paying over 10 dollars for kids to sing ? Their taking great artist 's songs like U2 's and Kelly Clarkson 's and making them sound not any good . If you actually LIKE kidz bop , go ahead and buy this CD . But you SHOULD by the REAL songs buy the REAL artists . They sound much better .
 I have never heard of Kidz Bop , but I was reading `` Eggplant '' 's reviews -LRB- they are really entertaining -RRB- and I heard about all the Kidz Bop cd 's from there . When I heard Boulvard of Brokewn Dreams was on there , I really wanted to hear it , since that is one of my favorite songs . So , I listened to the samples above and I do n't believe it ! All screaming kids ! It killed my ears ! These songs were n't meant for little kids ! I wonder how they blocked out the swear in Boulvard of Broken Dreams , too ! I also ca n't believe Vertigo ! My mom has been a U2 fan since the were teenagers , and she has n't heard this song but she would die if she did ! Wonderful songs , butchered by kids screaming , its awful !
 the vocals are bad and most of them do n't sing together . And in kidz bop 9 they completly ruined wake me up when september ends . it 's very sad to me because that was a song that billie joe armstrong wrote because his father died in september and i find it very disrespectfull , i think they should discontinue this crap ! i do n't see why anyone would listen to these ear peircing shreiks . and to mention they ruined this is halloween from `` nightmare before christmas '' it 's bad , real bad .
 Its making fun of all the good artists in this world . and to the wang family , your insane !
 Five Reasons Kidzbop Is a bad spend1 . The singers can not sing2 . They do not ask singers for permission , they do n't need to as long as the mechanic royalty is paid .3 . Kids should not be listening to the adult concepts of the songs4 . They might as well listen to the original songs and not give money to the corporate giants that re-record the songs5 . Who wants to support those annoying , long commercials that advertise the dumb CDs
 I did n't actually listen to this CD , but I listened to sample clips here on Amazon . The sample clips were enough to make me sick . First , Kidz Bop ruined Boulevard of Broken Dreams and Since U Been Gone . That got me mad . But then they ruined Vertigo , Let Me Go , and Take Me Out . That got me extremely angry . To make a long story short , this CD is horrible . I 'm very sorry if I affend anyone by saying this . I would n't buy this CD if I were you .
 Ok , I have n't bought this album , but I have seen commercials and I know this is crap . This cd is trashing tons of my favorite songs , they SUCK !! Little five year old kids should n't be singing these songs ... if your kid likes `` True '' go buy your kid Ryan Cabrera 's album . If your kid likes `` Rich Girl '' go buy them Gwen Stefani 's album . I mean really , you are out of your mind to buy this !
 no , really . how ? or do they actually say it ? curious . oh well . these songs are the worst spoofs ever ! the lyrics are exactly the same ! these songs do n't deserve to be insulted ! why could n't they sing the teletubbies theme ? this sucks .
 What are these dummies doing ? They are taking songs by good bands like Green Day , Simple Plan and Good Charlotte and turning them into songs that sound like they should be on Barney or Seasame Street . They had ` Lose My Breath ' by Destiny 's Child on the last one and they completly murdered it !!!!!!! Do n't buy this CD if you do n't want to be disturbed out of your mind ! Okay . I 'm done .
 I think this CD has gotten the lowest rating ever in amazon music history .
 I dont even know where to start . First of all the makers of this cd should be eaten by a grue . They have taken amazing songs like Float On by modest mouse and Take Me Out by franz ferdinand and destroyed the meaning of the song by having little people with cant understand the song , sing with there high pitched Nail on chalkboard voices . Now im 15 and i cant even fathom what these KIDS BOP idiots are thinking ruining such greats songs . I almost think it would be better if good bands wouldnt get played on mtv and stuff so n00bs like kids bop wouldnt ruin them . thank god they havent started with The Arcade fire , Interpol , the white stripes , or the strokes . in short most of these song are not approprate for little people in the sense of maturaty . If this contiues i will definatly smash my head into the computer screen and hurl myself off the face of the earth.yours truly , annoyed music fanatic guy thing
 OMG i got the second one for my b-day and HATED it , really if ur going to buy a kid something do n't give em a copy of good songs done by some kids who wan na be pop stars and REALLY ca n't sing cause they r only probaly embaresing themselvs for $ . If you get it and ur kids love it ur going 2 b srry cause it is HORRIBLE ! I hate it my cousins friends family and everyone else i do n't feel like saying HATE it . PLEASE DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY FOR THIS IT IS NOT A GOOD PRESENT AT ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 With seemingly ENDLESS amounts of Kidz Bop , emo , and MTV being poured into the world , I 'm surprised that all of Western civilization has n't crumbled . This franchise is the spawn of overpaid record execs looking for a fast buck and must be stopped AT ALL COSTS . Your mission , if you choose to accept it , is to eliminate Kidz Bop once and for all by not buying any of the CDs.But seriously ... I 'm surprised that the R&T ; executives did n't take the hint after hearing the singing in the studio . Perhaps if they had noticed how horrifyingly bad it was , we would have been spared the never-ending travesty that is -LRB- gasp -RRB- KIDZ BOP ! AAAHHHH !!! Save your money and buy something different , like : Hung Up by MadonnaNO
 Whats the point of redoing songs that everyone already hates more than ever . Hell , this makes the songs performed by the real artists 1.5 % better.The KB Crew is working with todays 2-bit MTV artists to bring the next generation down and turn them into hacks , except these people are peers to the kids of today.Whatever , as long as these -LSB- guys -RSB- try recreating -LSB- bad -RSB- songs by -LSB- low -RSB- artists -LRB- like MTV , VH1 , or mainstream , radiorock crap basically -RRB- and come nowhere close to good music like Metal and all of its infinite subgenres then i am ok .
 Its pieces like this that lend credibility to the argument that the entertainment industry is destroying the morals of today 's youths.Simply put , NOT ONE of these songs was originally written with an audience under the age of about 13 in mind . There are a couple of GLARING examples , such as Frankie J 's ` Obsession ' with lyrics that make direct reference to sex and infidelity . How can someone possibly let a six or seven year old listen to this kind of stuff?Now , I do n't mean to come off sounding high and mighty . I actually like a LOT of these songs -LRB- well ... the non-disney ` ed versions anyway -RRB- ; but you ca n't tell me that a six year old can appreciate U2 's career retrospective in ` Vertigo ' or Green Day 's ` Boulevard of Broken Dreams . ' All of the creativity and uniqueness of all these pieces , which is what makes them all so special in the first place , is just totally lost.Kids will grow up fast enough as it is . There 's NO NEED to hurry them into music that 's more sophisticated then they can handle . They 'll be at that point soon enough as it is . Being a parent myself , I can appreciate how hard it is to monitor what your kids are paying attention to , but this is n't the answer . As the saying goes , you have to crawl before you can walk . Let kids be kids ...
 Everything that is wrong with this CD come be sumed up by one song , Vertigo . A good U2 song is taken and ruined . The kids pre pubecent voices are hardly heard on the song , leaving an adult to sing most of it . The song is plain awfuul , your ears will be bleeding . Also the collection of songs are not the best suiting for the tween group . If parents want to buy their kids a CD , stick to The Best of Disney . Real wholesome fun there .
 Those of you who are foolish enough buy this cd do n't realize that this was made by a company that wants to make easy money . Also if any of you parents have a real taste in music , do n't create another generation of this manufactured pop music craze . The world is going to end now if we keep buying Kidz Bop -LRB- this is teaching kids how to spell wrong too -RRB- .
 Kids Bop now has eight albums can I ask how long this is going to go on ? I 'm sick of Kids Bop . I do n't understand how people can listen to this . Even kids do n't like this stuff . I know so many people who hate this stuff . The kids ca n't sing they are all out of tune cant get the notes or anything . Its sad but the truth . My brother who is seven laughs and makes fun of the commercial everytime it comes on . I 'd love to work for Kids Bop because I love singing . But this is not what I call `` music '' .
 I ca n't understand how this CD made it into the top 100 best sellers on Amazon . This album is so POOR I would n't even want to download the songs illegaly . The kids sound like they have NO vocal experience and really butcher the song . I rather listen to the orginal version of songs I hate in the album than these . Do n't waste your money , and do n't get 10 minutes closer to death listening to the samples.Justin , 15 .
 This CD exists to sell itself , pure and simple . You could always make a mix of these same songs , and spare some of the torture ... Or if the songs are inapropriate , it is probably not an artist your child should be listening too anyway `` Kidz Bop , Vol . 8 -LSB- ENHANCED -RSB- '' . Apparently this is an enhanced cd . Hopefully , by ehanced , they mean that this CD has no sound . That would be a big improvement .
 The Kidz Bop music CD ` s are the worse thing that hit the music stores besides Worship Jamz . And about the kid-friendly songs Lonley No More , Obsession , Rich Girl , Let Me Love You , and other songs are NOT kid-friendly ! And I should know because I ` m a pre-teen myself and hear most of these songs on Kiss FM and other radio stations that most of the kids at my school listen to . Plus , this is just rushing kids Seriously ! In a second a 7-8 year old will go from Barbies and Hot Wheels to strolling down the street in high-heals and a handbag . These crappy CD ` s are just giving kids a bad name for singing , just because there ` s some stupid CD that claims that their the best thing in the Country . If you want to hear the REAL song buy THIER CD instead of this crappy one .
 I ca n't take it anymore ! THESE KIDS ARE TERRIBLE SINGERS ! WHAT THE HECK ?! I BET I CAN PREDICT THE NEXT CD TRACK LISTING ! 1 . Trapped In The Closet - Part 1 of 52 . Candy Shop3 . Holiday4 . Wake Up5 . Do n't Cha6 . We Belong Together7 . These Words8 . A Lil ' Bit9 . Milkshake10 . Behind These Hazel Eyes **** I BET THOSE SONGS ARE ON KIDZ BOP 9 ! THEY LOOOOOVE TO REMAKE GREAT SONGS LIKE TAKE ME OUT , VERTIGO , AND TRUE . THEY MAKE THEM COMPLETE TRASH . UNLESS THEY 'RE HILLARY DUFF SONGS , HER SONGS ARE A 10 ON THE SUCK - O - METER !
 I WROTE A REVEIW ON KIDS BOP 7 . IT IS SO SAD THAT KIDS BOP TAKES SONGS AND LITTERALLY BREAKS THEM INTO PEICES.I LOVE GWEN STEFANI AND ALL I HEAR IS PEOPLE ON KIDS BOP THINKING THEIR GOING TO BE HER . WHAT SICK VOICES.IF YOU THINK THIS SEIRIES SHOULD STOP THEN PLEASE SAY MY REVEIW IS HELPFUL .
 This is the worst music ever ! I think the only reason people buy this cd is so they can be happier -LRB- laughing because it is so pathetic and funny -RRB- . The kids sound like they 're doing the physical fitness test and yelling at the top of their lungs . Sometimes they are even chanting ! It 's so stupid that they have a music video . The adult singers sound like they 're either rejects form american idol or old farts singing naptime songs . On the commercial , the kids say `` It 's about fun , music , and me ! '' They sound so fake . If you watch the commercial in mute , it 's funny because the kids are so emotional and bad at mouthing . The -LRB- appropriate -RRB- lyrics are so dumb . Instead of saying `` she was gon na shake her -LSB- ... -RSB- '' , they say , she was gon na shake it well . Nobody , note even the people who made this cd , likes it .
 Why bother buying this awful pile of trashITS JUST POORLY RE-RECORDED VERSIONS OF ALL READY LAME SONGSYet with a lameo phoney hip-hop beat . The whole cd sounds like it was made on a 1 doller kiddie keyboard some one bought from 99 cent store
 ... nothing like a bunch of trendy eleven-year-olds doing horrible covers of songs that you already hate with a passion ...
 I disagree with some of the other reviewers . These songs are good , deep songs that teenagers have the right to listen to . They appreciate these songs and enjoy them . However , children do not need to be listening to these songs which have meanings that they will not be able to comprehend . It 's idiotic , what KIDZ BOP has done . The kids can not sing these songs that were meant for more mature voices . I would n't recommend buying this CD if you enjoy good music .
 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS MAKES ME WANT TO BURF !!! I MEAN COME ON !!! IT SOUNDS LIKE A MO0SE GIVING BIRTH TO AN ELELPHANT.OR CHIMPMUNKS HOWLING.THERE PUNY little VOICES MAKES ME WANT TO PUKE.KIDS POP WILL NEVER GIVE UP.IT SOUNDS LIKE CRAP.DONT BUY THIS PERIOD .
 I have heard nothing but good things about the kids bop series , so I decided to pick up a copy for my 15 year old son named Peter . After running down to the local walmart to pick up a copy of this `` so-called '' kids album , I wrapped it up and gave it to my son for christmas . On our way to rhode island , we popped in the cd and decided to take a listen . The first track titled `` Since U Been Gone '' started out with a cheerful melody , but soon turned into twisted , dark and chaotic guitars and the likes of which hurt my poor sons delicate ears . It also spells the word you wrong , which teaches you that grammer is not important . The second track called `` I do n't want to be '' is EMO to the MAX , it talks about how this boy does n't want to be alive and commits suicide . The songs `` Lonely no more '' , and `` Take me out '' contain so much swearing I vomited all over our new leather car seats , I heard the `` F '' word at least 7 times in those songs.The rest of the album is filled with songs about SATANIC CULTS and is very anti-mozart . I am DEEPLY disturbed with this album.Two months after purchasing this album , my son started wearing pants below his nipples , which is very disturbing to me . I like my son to have his pants high up , his shirt tucked in and his pocket protector showing , my son also received his first `` B '' in math class . I was shocked by this SICKENING behavior . He also started listening to the darker artists such as megadeth , they disgust me . I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS BEHAVIOR AND HAVING HIM LISTEN TO ANYTHING OVER THEN BEETHOVEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! - Sincerely , The wang familyHarry , and Nerditis Wang
 How many Kidz Bop CDs are they going to make ? I do n't see how they stay in business , these CDs are so terrible . I really like the songs Since U Been Gone , Boulevard of Broken Dreams , and Nobody 's Home , and they are all totally ruined ! Kidz Bop 's lead singers have weak voices and the kids ' voices are completely off pitch and whiny ! There is just no comparison between Kelly Clarkson , Green Day , or Avril Lavigne and Kidz Bop . In addition to that , the songs are not appropriate for little kids . I mean , a six-year-old would not understand a song like Boulevard of Broken Dreams , and the chances of them comprehending a song like Nobody 's Home are slim . Kidz Bop needs to go out of business . No matter what you do , DO NOT BUY THIS CD !
 OH MY GOD ! I LOVE KIDZ BOP ! IT 'S SOOOO COOL ! All the kids sining , That 's just so cute ! And even the Adults have good voices!PSYCHE!Haahahahahahahahah Sarcasm ? -LSB- ... -RSB- RIGHT IT IS ! This CD is complete TURD . REAL TURD ! I 'd rather have rusted nails hammered in my eardrums.PS
 This is a very stupid album . Trust me I am a # 1 fan of HILARY DUFF . She is way better than STUPID KIDZ BOP . Trust me parents get HILARY DUFF for your under 15 children.This is talia persad signing off . Please trust me PARENTS & KIDS UNDER 15
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . For one thing there really is n't any music aside from a guitar riff here & there . Most of this album is centered around what sounds like to me a leaky faucet & a tortured growl , that does nothing for me . Here is warning to anyone thinking of buying this , DONT !
 this is for the person that i lovehis is James F Murdock
 The most disappointing thing about this CD is the sound quality . It sounds as if it was recorded in a bathroom . Combine that with the vocals and you have incomprehensible music . Do n't get me wrong they still have a good sound but the lyrics need to be clearer and the recording studio needs improvement .
 i bought this on an online auction thinking i might be getting some brutal black metal . man was i ever wrong . compared to Black Funeral , those raw Darkthrone albums are ` heavy . ' this just is not for me , it is horrible prodcution on purpose i know but the instruments sound like toys . and i can not take this noisey low fi stuff seriously , its just crap . those raw Darkthrone albums suck hamsters too , but not as bad as this lame joke.i want to get rid of this piece of junk but do n't have anyone to give it too .
 First off , let me say I am a Kiki fan . I loved '' I Owe You '' . I was really looking forward to hearing her latest album . To my surprise , it was n't what I expected . It was too contemporary . It was just a lot of beats , with her trying to sing over them . I tried to listen to it . I found myself skipping from track to track . With `` I Owe You '' , she use different styles of music , which made the album great . With this album she headed in a different direction , and stayed with one style of music . It just did n't sound right . The only two songs I like are '' Hear This '' , and '' Why Me '' . I think I 'll stick with `` I Owe You '' , and pray that her next album is more like her first album . God bless .
 When I saw that Kiki had a new CD out , I was initially excited about how she was bringing it her second time around . Like with most CDs , I took a listen to a few tracks on iTunes and then went to Amazon to check some reviews . When I read the editorial reviews and saw that it featured production from secular producers like Darkchild , I did n't think twice about NOT getting this CD . When will we as children of God stop wanting what the world has and prefer the beauty of holiness ? Although I grew up in a `` church '' , it was n't until about 2 years ago that I TRULY gave my life to God by being baptized in Jesus ' name and then being filled with the Holy Ghost . -LRB- Acts 2:38 -RRB- Prior to that , I lived in sin and experienced first hand the moral bankruptcy of hip hop . I 've done the secular rap/music thing and seen the godlessness of the culture . I 've even tried gospel rap and found no one of prominence that was TRULY lifting up the name of Jesus and walking in some type of real anointing . -LRB- still waiting on Cross Movement to get down with Mark 16:16 & Acts 2:38 -RRB- The bottom line is this , Jesus came to destroy the works of the devil -LRB- 1 John 3:8 -RRB- , not to make records with him . You 're not reaching the world when you use secular producers , you 're only exciting the flesh of carnal saints . Sinners do n't want to listen to Kiki , they want to listen to secular artists ! We 're not going to draw them by being like them ! If Christ be lifted up , He said He 'll draw all men unto Him -LRB- John 12:32 -RRB- . I 'm tired of folks saying we need to change to get the young people . I 'm 24 -LRB- got saved at 22 -RRB- and it was holiness that drew me , not banging beats . There 's not an `` old '' church or a `` young '' church , there 's ONE church . Everything the old timers did was n't always on point , but if they 're here still holding up holiness , let 's follow their lead and honor our fathers and mothers . You 're only blocking the anointing of God by co-labouring with sinners . Kiki -LRB- and her fans -RRB- , please take heed unto the Word of the Lord
 This is the first album I 've heard by this band so hopefully it is not representative of this band . I 've heard that some of their other stuff is much better . This album has nothing to offer except some moments of thrash that sound like they are ape'ing Slayer . No talent , innovation , or creativity to be found here , but thats what some people like .
 The main song is ok but it was unknown to me that this album was a remix . That is unfortunate because it was a gift . Oh well , live and learn .
 Firstly , and most importantly , believe me when I tell you I am a Willie Nelson fan . Here we have yet another compilation from a relatively obscure , minor record company , which has probably purchased these forty year old recordings in the hope of '' cashing in '' on Willie Nelson 's popularity and his enormous fan base , which should mean huge sales . A further complication when considering this album was the lack of information about its contents . I have nothing against the songs on this album , in fact there are a number which I like and enjoy , among them are '' A New Way To Cry '' , '' Broken Promises '' , '' Lets Pretend '' its the fact that they all exist on previous albums whose production and sound quality is invariably much better to listen to and enjoy . The production of this album and the sound quality you recieve can only be as good as forty year old recordings can be expected to be ; thats rather poor and inferior . Although it states that this is a '' new '' year 2000 release the recordings are not and I believe this to be quite unfair and misleading . However should you like Willie Nelson and have a desire to experience what he was producing in his early twenties ; his vocals accompanied by his guitar , piano and little else , then this is for you . If , on the other hand you would prefer a similarly priced compilation with some of his more recent material give '' Yours Always '' or '' All Of Me '' a try as both are much better albums yet similarly priced .
 well , the ron ellis song hot california nights and the classic american trilogy are ok , the rest is ripped off the sayoy sessions from savoy records , great songs but bad sound , sign of the times is n't even sung by proby . buy the savoy sessions instead , this is crap .
 I was expecting this to lean more toward rockabilly than punk . Even for punk it 's pretty amateurish musically . Neko has the best voice of the 3 Maow-ers but her singing has vastly improved since this came out . Skip this and get her more recent stuff .
 How about a little variety . I 'm tired of hearing the same track with different lyrics
 If you collect tribute CDs to A/C D/C , as I do , then it is worth the $ $ . If you care not for tribute CDs unless they are outstanding , skip this one .
 very very very very mediumthey are good musician ... its like the originals songs , justbig balls sound like a circus musicall others are good but its reallynot Bon Scott !
 I 'm a Madonna fan from Turkey.I try to buy every Madonna CD.Don ' t buy this so called remix ep.There is nothing special about it and it 's too expensive.Luke slater and Fabian remixes are extremely boring.I advice you to buy the single version of this title.Dallas Austin 's low end mix is pretty good and you can find this mix in single version .
 Man , what can I say about these remixes ? `` Remixes '' is n't even justifiable ; `` Obsessive-compulsive '' is the more appropriate adjective . Huh . I mean , WHAT was Luke Slater doing ?! What was he THINKING ?!?! `` Freedom comes -- Freedom comes -- '' Oh , come on !!! Someone seriously needed to tell him toget that finger off that repeat button . Hmmm , maybe he 's deaf ... . Sheesh !!! I think William Orbit should have gotten ahold of this song . I have faith in him . I have the remixes of `` Ray Of Light , '' `` Nothing Really Matters , '' `` Frozen , '' and with great sorrow and disappointment , I have the remixes of `` The Power Of Good-Bye . '' Hmm , if I think Madonna had heard any of these remixes , I think she 'd PROUDLY walk into the ocean ! `` Ray Of Light '' was so unbelievable ; I love it ! `` Nothing Really Matters , '' the original , is FABULOUS ! But alas , the repetition arises again
 this is such a beautiful song , but remix ... major puke ! i have no idea how they approved all these mixes . buy the junior vasquez version .
 Really disappointing and boring . You have to go through so much bad acting to hear ANY decent music .
 Label shows region 2 -LRB- U.K -RRB- but would not play . Wrong region on screen . Managed to get a friend to re-record correct region after some effort .
 It 's not just the music , it 's the whole thing . If you 're into yourself more than pleasing the customer then I just do n't know what to tell you about this video .
 How about a little variety . I 'm tired of hearing the same track with different lyrics
 I listened to this soundtrack with high hopes , after hearing `` The Last Crusade '' , but , to be honest , this one is awful . The `` Temple of Doom '' music is dreadful and just sounds , well , evil . I do n't like to listen to it . The mine cart music was so bland , I kept waiting for it to start , but it never did . `` Anything Goes '' - This one may be a classic and all , but I was never a fan of sung music and I find it impossible to listen to . Oh well . At least the listening to the soundtrack is better than watching the movie !
 Despite all the rave reviews I 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . Maybe I 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . And some stars feel entitled to cash in . How else can you explain the John Anderson Anthology ... Horror . -LRB- John , how could you ? -RRB- Or the Bill Anderson Oh Boy Classic -LSB- Oh boy here comes a rerecord -RRB- . Hey , the CD sounds great . But what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this CD except for one . Also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . Could someone please clear this up . And not some RCR Bud Logan shill either . John Conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . I ca n't look at this CD with Rose Colered Glasses anymore .
 I bought this CD strictly for the one song `` Rose Colored Glasses '' . I should probably have downloaded the one title as I do n't care for the rest of his CD .
 Ordered this album because I am a fan of Bob Dylan 's music . The first copy I received had the spindle hole punched off center . This resulted in a few of the tracks skipping , you could see the needle wobbling back and forth . I got an exchange through Amazon -LRB- great return service -RRB- , and the second one I received had the same problem . I am about to return the second copy . This record was a nice heavy pressing and sounded good on the tracks that played properly , I guess they just had a bad run at the factory . I have seen similar complaints about other records this factory has made .
 I ordered this album as a gift for my wife , who is a huge Bob Dylan fan . The first copy was extremely warped and did n't play properly . The replacement copy was slightly warped and only played on one side . I am not happy with the quality of this vendor 's products , but I appreciate that Amazon ensured that they refunded my money .
 I bought this cd after reading the glowing review it got on Stereophile , after listening to it for 2-3 days , I had to return it . Mr Wallace do n't have a lot ideas to play , he has a certain phrase that he keeps playing over and over again in a song , on every song . 2 stars is for the rhythm section .
 I read a very rosy review of this CD at Stereophile Magazine and I went to buy it but had to return it right away . Perhaps B. Wallace 's style of playing is not what I care for , but I notice that he keeps repeating a phrase in a song , 3-4 times , on every song . I also tried out the Audiquest CD he made . Same licks . The quality of the recording is topnotch , but this CD tanked . I would rather to Eric Alexander , Rick Margitza anytime .
 I 've managed to miss most of what Manowar has been doing in the last few years so when I heard this album was coming out and that it would be a true concept album about the Norse mythology , I got pretty excited . Aside from such great bands like Tyr , Amon Amarth , Manilla Road , etc I could n't think of a better band to do such an album especially given Manowars track record with such topics in such classics as Into Glory Ride , Hail to England or their epicness in in Kings of Metal , Triumph of Steel , etc. . Thus , armed with these such expectations I warded into this album.If one has read anything in the reviews the sense that their is a lack of power to be found in these songs is absolutely what I found to be the case . Where was Adam 's treble shattering falsetto when many , many moments on this album called for him to let loose like in Hail to England ? Where where the killer riffs that should have kicked in repeatedly throughout this album but always managed to dissipate into blandness halfway through ? And most of all , where was the accompanying awesome solos Manowar is so fraught with in their older works ? I did n't even start to expect the drums to be amazing as half-way through it became abundantly clear that Columbus probably did n't break out the steel plated drums for this one.Compared to any of their great works , Glory , England , Kings , or Triumph , this album is missing pretty much everything about those that made them great . The drumming of Glory , the vocals/solos/riffs of England , the orchestral epicness or Kings or Triumph ... all not to be found.Instead , what I got and actually happened to like , was a huge swaggering sense of bombastic , not epic , glory in the form of many , many awesome spoken word tomes and orchestral selections . Then when the album truly kicked off , in every case , major failure to deliver except in some cases such as `` King of Kings '' or `` Blood of Odin '' . This was a huge shame in my view as most bands as old as Manowar are really putting out some of their best work in recent days , i.e. - Manilla Road , Dio , etc and while what I got was not as huge a change in style as to kill the enjoyment of the album -LRB- such as the latest couple albums from Running Wild for example -RRB- the musical intensity was very much absent . This absence did n't make me hate the album enough to toss it completely , as the lyrics , spoken word , and orchestral selections are just great by themselves or in mixes , but I ca n't say that anyone who is not as fond of such things to check this album out if they are n't just a complete fanboy . I mentioned Manilla Road earlier and I absolutely see that kind of spirit absent in `` Gods of War '' in their playing nowadays and highly recommend their last album , `` Gates of Fire '' to this album as in that they follow the true Manowar code
 I 've always liked Manowar , but I 'm with the first reviewer . The songs about metal , fire , steel , etc are fine but lets branch out a little . Eric Adams has the most amazing voice and the last few albums do n't do it justice . I 'm sure I 'll be dismissed as not being a true fan , but I 've followed them since the early 80s . Personally , I 'm now at the point that I turn them down in my car because their lyrics are so childish that I feel I should have a license plate with `` DungeonMaster '' on it . They can still sing their fantasy songs , but lets mix in a few songs with substance . Even one called `` drunk as hell '' would be a welcome change .
 WHAT HAS HAPPENED HERE ? I WANT METAL MUSIC NOT THEATRE AND ACTING . VERY DISSAPOINTING , THIS SO CALLED BAND HAS BEEN GOING DOWN HILL QUICKLY ON THE LAST SEVERAL ALBUMS .
 Avoid at all cost , this album is not worth any amount of money , and if was given to you as a gift then it was n't given by a friend ! Very boring , only three real rocking tracks on this release with the rest being musical interludes and narration and a bunch of useless crap . If you are any kind of a fan of Manowar you will be extremely disappointed after hearing this .
 I 've been a Manowar fan from the VERY first album , one thing you could always expect from a Manowar album was a batch of solid , no nonsense , straight-ahead slamming metal tunes . Since the return of Scott Columbus and the addition of Karl Logan , Manowar has gotten less and less metal with each successive album , `` Louder Than Hell '' was a good album although it was burdened with the ridiculously prolonged and musically-empty `` Today is a Good Day to Die '' . `` Warriors of the World '' continued the `` What the heck is going on ? '' trend with more orchestration pieces and just the truly awful `` An American Trilogy '' . `` Gods of War '' breaks new ground with overwrought orchestration and narration pieces that just go on and on and on . Have n't we heard `` Glory Unity Majesty '' before on `` Kings of Metal '' ? -LRB- The Warrior 's Prayer -RRB- Granted when Manowar finally does decide to PLAY , some of the songs are probably as good as they 've ever done . But a solid HALF of the `` tracks '' on the album are not `` songs '' per se , and after one or two listens , you 'll be immediately forwarding to the next `` song '' . I understand you have to take Manowar with a grain of salt , with all the `` swords in the air '' and `` to the battle we ride '' lyrics in virtually every song , but in the `` extra '' song `` Die for Metal '' , Manowar takes lyrical stupidity to a new level . . `` quit my job this morning ... cuz I need metal like an eagle needs to fly '' ... its too bad , because the song is actually pretty solid.With all the hype that went into this album , this is an amazing disappointment . Sure bands should grow over time , but before you get all upset at me , have a listen again at `` Into Glory Ride '' or `` Sign of the Hammer '' and tell me that `` Gods of War '' is even slightly comparable to those albums.Rather than spending their time putting out DVD after DVD , Joey and the boys should be spending a bit more time in the studio getting back to Manowar `` basics '' .
 First off , I 've been a Manowar fan for 15 years , so I 'm not trashing this album b/c I think they 're some cheesy power metal band . I 'm trashing this album because it is one of the most boring metal albums I have heard in ages . The orchestral , symphonic sections are supposed to sound grandiose and epic , but instead they come across as simplistic and boring . The spoken word sections are supposed to instil the True Metal Spirit in all Brothers of Metal , but they just sound lame and corny , hitting rock-bottom with the drawn-out repetition of ` the warriors prayer ' from ` Kings of Metal ' , an album that 's almost 20 years old . And there 's alot of repetition on this album - rehashed lyrics , rehashed ideas , etc that give the whole thing a ` been here , heard this ' feel . And as for the concept ; why in the world would you start a series of albums dealing with war gods with Odin/norse mythology ? Is there any topic that has been overdone any MORE than vikings when it comes to heavy metal ? The few decent metal tunes -LRB- 4 -RRB- are too few and too far apart , and even they do n't offer up anything very interesting or that I have n't heard on every other Manowar album . Granted , Manowar is a band whose fan base wants consistency , not experimentation . However , as a fan I can honestly say that this album is n't consistent with their catalog - this one is boring and plain and a huge disappointment to this longtime fan .
 Okay , they 're cheesy , over the top , Spinal Tappy and all around silly . But they have some good songs and can play it an inimitable sloppy , fast , over the edge sort of way . The lyrics are worthy of Ed Wood but ya know , there 's something appealing about them . There 's an honesty . And when they 're on , they rock pretty damn hard . The problem with MOW is that they have no definitive album . There 's a few songs on this album and some good moments on that album but it never all came together for them . I think that 's what they were trying to do here . What a disaster . Again , some good moments , but not nearly enough to sustain interest . Every other song is bogged down with some lame pitch deepend narration . The `` orchestration '' is really just samples . My guess is that even the choirs are sampled this time out . MOW fell in love with technology and lost their way . They still remain pompous and silly however .
 Ive been a manowar fan for about 20 years , maybe i havent listened to anything more than this band ... i am really disapointed , i find my way to listen to it yesterday -LRB- tired of waiting for my amazon cd to arrive , it 's been a month since they `` send it '' -RRB- , back to the album , the songs never starts , and when you think manowar riffs are comming to stay , they went down again . Lot 's of intros and talking ... and the worst is that the intros sound like a cheap electric organ , no intros with plain guittar and with eric entering the song in a magestic way ... only choruses of repeated voices ... this album is terrible , worst of manowar by far .
 I am a Manowar fan for more than a decade and this is the worst album to date . It is uninspired and repetitive . Valhalla this and Valhalla that ... The songs that are OK are nothing new . They are OK because they sound exactly like the other -LRB- last 2-3 -RRB- albums . and this after ALMOST 5 YEARS ! Grow up guys and start doing some good music ... 1 star because this album is a shame !
 I bought this album because it had 16 tracks and I thought well 16 tracks of songs will be enough for a new fan of manowar but no there was mostly nothing on here but a whole bunch of worthless interludes skits And less of their decent metal except for die for metal which I did n't like.I did not spend a good $ 15 dollars just for their silly mideval interludes and narrations I just wanted more decent metal from these guys '' I tell you this cd is a little good but mostly junk.What 's the point of releasing an album like this ?! Do n't waste your money on this it 's not worth it .
 What next ? Braodway show tunes ! - WTF - This is NOT Manowar !
 Manowar has self proclaimed the loudest band on Earth , ... but this release leave them completelly out of that statement !!!! Let me put it this way , there are 16 tracks in this CD
 I am a Manowar fan for more than a decade and this is the worst album to date . Like a Sleep medicine.The songs are nothing new . They are sleeping , because they sound exactly like the other -LRB- last 2-3 -RRB- albums . Enough!When the start doing some good music?This album is a shame !
 I first heard Exciter in Germany around 1985 . I immediatly liked their sound guitar hooks . My interest peaked in 1986 with the release of their wonderful album , `` Unveiling the Wicked '' , and after that , I was hooked . This latest album , Dark Command , is uninspired and droll .
 EXCITER was not great even at their prime , back in the eighties . Try to return now with a weak album was not a smart movement ...
 HOLD THE FAITH
 Kierra first cd was stellar . It was a great sound for a person with such a strong voice in a youthful body . But the new album is a total disappointment . The problem may be that Ms. Sheard has not found her signature sound yet and she has too many producers who have put their sound on her voice . Ms. Sheard 's talent is lost in too hype beats and over induced lyrics.I know Kiki is a great talent , I am not downplaying her . But this album does not showcase the skills I know that she has . You may not be happy with this purchase , but it 's worth a try .
 I enjoyed Kiki 's first album which sounded more like her . I would have to agree with one of the reviews on how this album did not sound like her . It almost sounds as if she is younger than 18 . There 's a lot of head bobbin ' music on this album which I do not particularly like . I wish this album was more of a mixture of sounds like her first album . I heard snippets of all of the songs on my computer through Windows Media Player , and from what I heard , I do not think I want to go out and buy this . I only enjoyed one song which was `` Why Me . '' I heard this song on my way to church on the radio and it really touched me because inspite of what I am dealing with in my life right now , God sees all my mess and junk and still loves me . I wish she had that song out on a single , I would definitely go and get it . I hope in the future , that she will work with producers who will bring her sky-cracking voice back . Hint hint -LRB- PAJAM -RRB-
 This is a compilation that was really unnecessary . There has been two best-of compilations made prior to this , the best of which being `` This Is It '' in song selection , and all of the winners on here can be found there , or better yet , on the actual albums . `` This Is It '' even had `` Arabian Disco '' from their indie debut `` We Care A Lot '' album , whereas this one has none . If you are on a budget , a Mike Patton fan , and want to check out FNM , get `` Angel Dust '' or the aforementioned `` This Is It '' instead.Trust me on this .
 The two most successful satires in music are P.D.Q. Bach and the Rutles . Probably because P.D.Q. Bach 's satiric range is so broad -LRB- from early music to Philip Glass -RRB- and Professor Peter Schickele is so good , P.D.Q. Bach 's albums have gotten subsequently better over the years . As for the Rutles , `` All You Need is Cash '' is one of the funniest movies ever for those in the know , and the first album was a masterpiece of faux-Beatles pastiche . To keep the satire perfect , it was necessary to release `` Archaeology '' . While the look of the album , down to the cloyingly silly picture on the cd itself , is a perfect delight , the music was a disappointment . This is not to say the music is bad . Schickele has been able to keep the excitement and joy of his parodies going , but Innes seems to have lost the first euphoria of writing almost-Beatles songs . It simply does n't have the satiric kick . There 's certainly enough silliness to go around if you listen to the lyrics , and the music is still better than most everything else that 's out there , but it makes me repeat Mick Jagger 's words in `` Cash ''
 I am a huge Rutles fan , so imagine my surprise when I saw that they had done a follow-up to their phenomenal 1978 soundtrack to the hilarious tele-film `` All You Need Is Cash '' . Ca n't believe I had never heard of this before ! And it was released in 1996 , as a parody of the Beatles ' `` Anthology '' cd . And , from all the rave reviews on here praising it , I felt that I just HAD to have it!I got the cd today . Not as good as `` All You Need Is Cash '' music though , but then again maybe it is and it just needs to grow on me ? I 'll give it a fair shake here.Ok , no , it is n't that great . Matter of fact , no , it s ** ks !!! This is n't like when Spinal Tap did a cool follow-up cd in 1992 , this is bad . Real bad ! It 's really not even good music , and it does n't sound like the Beatles at all , and it sure as h * ll does n't sound like the Rutles!I am still listening to it to see if there is a place where it starts getting good , and it is almost like torture . It is way , way off ! The vocals do n't sound right , the music is n't as close to sounding like the Beatles , and they are just lame attempts at songs . It sounds like a cash in ! And funny thing is , that the follow-up ` film ' that Eric Idle did called `` Ca n't Buy Me Lunch '' is all but trashed by reviewers on Amazon , and h * ll , I think it is just as good , if not better than `` All You Need Is Cash '' . But this `` Archaeology '' does n't deserve the Rutle name !! It pains me to say this , especially seeing what a huge fan I am of Neil Innes , and the Rutles , but this is painfully bad ! Whoever is on Amazon praising this is either a plant with the company who released this , or people , who like me regret buying this , and are trying to sell theirs , and trying to sucker people into buying it by making the review rating higher by giving it 4 and 5 star reviews . Do n't be fooled ! Avoid this like the plague and rabies ! Thank you !
 Eric Idle 's pre-fab creation , The RUTLES , were an hilarious dead-on knock-off of the Beatles . But that was 1978 , and all four Fabs were alive then -- so laughter came easy . This 1990s rip of the ANTHOLOGY specials and CDs is Idle-less , ill-considered and quite unnecessary.The new `` old '' songs here are dismissively mediocre , the three-man-left joke in poor taste , and even the mixes seem wrong
 This is a collection of old songs by the original artists that Ry Cooder has covered . . NOT RY 's VERSIONS . If you like the old songs , and want to hear what they sounded like , it may have some value to you . In that context , there is nothing wrong with it . But this is basically a total rip-off by putting Ry 's name on it . I was looking for a good ` collection ' of Ry 's early songs , and thought that what this was . Thank goodness , I just paid for 1 song and found out what it really was .
 OK . i 've never been a big fan of LZ , but , on an urging , i listened to this album . good god , this album blows . it fails to ever produce even one memorable track . Do n't get me wrong , it produces memorable moments , memorable riffs , but never a track that does n't derail . They may start off great , but then they fall apart into some stupid psychadelic interlude where there 's neither a beat nor a key , there 's just ... for lack of a better word , noise . this music is truly inept . Worst of all , the album is boring.music like this makes me ask myself a few questions : are the people who like this band dumb ? given that that 's not the case , what is it that i 'm not getting ? must i be high?how did this album get produced ? who gave these people a record contract ? why were they allowed to make ANOTHER album ? why are they `` classic '' ? there are so many things wrong with this steaming pile of crap , i just ca n't even begin . stay away if you have taste .
 Oh I just creamed my pants at the very mention of the two God like words Led Zeppelin . This is a work not of humans , but GODS . Zeppelin is God . Everyone should bow down before these mega beings and thank themselves lucky that Led Zeppelin think we are worthy enough to be within a million miles of their glorious presence .
 LED ZEPPELIN ARE OVERRATED GARBAGE ! . This album stinks from start to finish just like the 30 year old corpse that Led Zeppelin are.Yes I do like Heavy / hard rock but this album , like any other album of `` Zep '' 's is so lame it makes me want to laugh . How can so many people be hoodwinked for so long into thinking this ` band ' are good?Also , some of the songs that are credited to them are really just old blues songs that they sneakily ` borrowed ' .
 No good songs on this CD , Led Zeppelin sucks , probably the onlygood song is Communication Breakdown from the Glory Days show.Plus Guns N ' Roses rock and they did a greater album than theseloosers , Greatest Hits . Buy it insted of this at a cheap price .
 Oh well , here I find myself at the mighty , towering altar of yet another washed up , brigade of ex-junkie geriatric relics of the 70 's . 2009 marks a momentous year in the long , long history of this band from across the pond . For starters , it is the 40th anniversary of their debut album . 40 years old and believe me , it sounds it as well . There is certain music and certain musicians who simply have neither the brains , creativity , or originality to offer something that ca n't instantaneously be pinned down to an exact time period . This band is one of them . They are such a staple of classic rock radio in any city in any state merely because , like the Who , they exemplify what it means to be 70 's rock . Given that this record was made in 1969 , we can I suppose say they were ahead of their time by a year . That only means of course that they foreshadowed the absolute worst aspects of 70 's rock . Long , masturbatory , exceedingly dull guitar solos , unimaginative lyrics about women -LRB- and usually little else -RRB- , and on one fine moment on a live album , a 12 minute drum solo called `` Moby Dick '' or something inane like that .2009 has also made for a busy year in the world of classic rock radio DJ 's and virtually every balding , tubby , beer swiggin ' 50 + year old man engaged in the emotive , soap operatic , tug of war of the `` will they or wo n't they '' reunion gossip . I have n't followed the developments closely because unlike Jimmy Page and the average Led Zeppelin fan , I actually have things to do that are relevant to the future , but from what I can surmise this sad attempt to bring the boys -LRB- I use the term loosely obviously -RRB- back together for the money has been sabotaged time and again by Robert Plant who refuses to accept a tour performing songs that are 35 years or more old for millions of dollars . Why ? Well , unlike 1994 when he reunited with Jimmy Page for an uninspired acoustic performance on MTV -LRB- of mostly very old songs of course -RRB- , his career is n't in the toliet . Apparently his latest effort with Alison Krause was nominated for a Grammy , not that that actually means it has any merit , but that it did well commercially . I 'm afraid a reunion will have to wait until Plant is scraping the bottom of the barrel again commercially -LRB- not in artistic terms because he is of course already a more than competent bottom feeder in that department -RRB- for a Zeppelin reuinon . That 's the bad news . The good news is that that probably wo n't take very long . There 's more bad news though and that 's that Plant 's voice which was horrible in 1994 , is even worse today . Still more bad news , of course the ticket prices if and when the reunion takes place , will be exorbitant . This is an especially harsh fact given that most of Zep 's fan base is probably approaching pensionable age and may well be on fixed incomes.There are a number of really solid , impressive debuts that signal the beginning of something very unique and significant . This is n't one of them . There has really never been anything sadder in the world of rock music than a group of white musicians mimicking the sounds of African-American blues music . They did n't just mimick it , they parroted it . Imagine Jimmy Page is a parrot and instead of repeating vocal expressions verbatim , he repeats blue riffs . I doubt any Zep fan will want to own up to this , but one of their `` classics '' was just ripped off from an old blues player named Willie Dixon . This was a fact that took years to properly address and only in the last ten years or so has Dixon been credited along with the members of the band in the composition . That 's a song on another album , but it highlights what these lads are lacking . I do n't know if I really need to fill in the blank here , but here goes . Talent , orginality , creativity , intelligence , and last but not least , basic scruples . But then again if any of the above is of interest to you as a music fan and consumer , you probably are n't listening to Led Zeppelin anyway.I find the prospect of a track by track review as tedious as I found listening to the album so I think we can sum it all up with a few words about the last song -LRB- which incidentally provides a great punchline for many occasions -RRB- . How many more times must we listen to some overweight , musical ignoramous on any given classic rock radio station crank out songs that were already dated in 1969 ? This was the modus operandi of this band . They found their muse looking backwards . Way backwards . `` How Many More Times '' , aside from being self-indulgent , excessively long , and just plain dull , is a perfect and pitiful exemplar of everything that is wrong with this sad foursome of blues riffs hijacking wanna-be 's . The sound that is on display is nothing short of coma-inducing . If you want to hear the blues , let 's listen to the originators of this style of music . All black , all American , all blacklisted on radio because they were black -LRB- this is 1969 remember -RRB- . So what you get in their stead is a group of white youths from England who , despite doing their best impersonation of real blues musicians , are an inferior , frankly piss poor substitiute . I do n't like the blues much at all . I hate imitatory little scumbags who bring nothing more to the table than a carbon copy of a music whose heritage lies elsewhere . The band wails and screeches on , Page unleashing one frightful solo after another , whilst Plant moans like a pig in heat . Plant 's lyrics , as per usual , are pre-occupied with the pre-pubesecent concerns of life . Girls and all the things that they do to him . How could this go on for 9 minutes ? It does and the liner notes to the album should have contained an apology . In lieu of that , I 'll do you one better and say that I do indeed , without any equivocation whatsoever , feel sorry for anyone who ever listened to this album and thought it was decent .
 Try the Velvet Underground , the Stooges , MC5 , the Strokes , The Clash , The White Stripes or even complete silence for something better than Led Zep . They are the worst band in the world ever . Stop fooling yourself , you 're not a rock and roll fan if you like this bland , sad , dribble . Listen to any -LRB- all -RRB- of the above bands for your own sake .
 I originally wrote a review totally slandering Led Zeppelin , but I realized , how can this album be overated if it 's not even on the radio ? The answer is , the same assumption alot of music fans -LRB- including myself -RRB- that if one album is overated , all of their albums are overated . I listened to this recently and it sounds decent , but I cant change the friggin rating I originally gave this . Anyone reading this assume that I gave this album 2 stars .
 You Americans have made yourselves the laughing stock of the world by describing everything as `` awesome '' , `` cool '' , and `` gnarly '' . And , oh yes , I think that Led Zeppelin are the most overarted band of all time , even more than u2 and Pink Floyd .
 the way everyone say its awesome because , they do n't really say that there music is good . they just find good sounding things about the song . Like if i said babe i 'm gon na leave you has a great acoustic tune then it goes into a fast heavy metal tune . There not saying its a good . It really a boring song . and having the album go really high on the charts also gives them another excuse . i hope that cleared you up .
 What can I SAY ???? To the most overrated and horrible bands everto come out of the 60s , Led Zeppelin . They sure never made anything decent . They are overrated . Stay away from this junkmasterpiece along with all the other Led Zeppelin.Dire Straits is god and will always be !! Do n't say anythingabout Green Day either . They are overrated.BYE BYE LOVE , ENTER SANDMAN .
 First of all , I absolutely love Led Zeppelin . After all these years , I finally decided to upgrade to better MP3 's from Amazon . I was listening to them , with some high-quality earbuds on my MP3 player , while I jogged on my treadmill , and I suddenly realized that the music was clipping here and there . Especially when strong drum and guitar seqeuences happen to overlap . I tried turning-off my MP3 player 's EQ.I tried playing it on my PC using studio headphones and 2 different media players -LRB- EQ on and off -RRB- . The clipping is still there ! In fact the clipping ocurrs on all 4 of the original Led Zep albums , at various times , on various songs.My first thought was that the MP3 's were not created properly . I compared the quality to some old low-bit-rate MP3 's that a friend had ripped from his Led Zep CD 's several years ago . I listened to them , and the same clipping was there.I think that I will now limit my Led Zeppelin listening to the classic `` Song Remains the Same '' concert DVD . : - -LRB-
 Sorry Zep heads this debut is a mixed bag to my ears . Whereas I can indentify with Zeppelins infuence on heavy metal and their respect for different styles of music , this debut recording is fairly uneven.The Good Times - well lets start off with the leadoff track Good Times Bad Times which mixes a good level of pop harmonies , cool drumming and interesting guitar riffs . Possibly my favorite track on this debut is Your Time Is Going To Come as I like the organ presence along with the vocal harmonies . Jimmy Page puts in just enough guitar to make this track a winner.The Decent Times-Like the bluesy You Shook Me All Night Long as well although the Robert Plant caterwaling is annoying in spots . Good keyboard presence somewhat offsets the song being a bit too long . Communication Breakdown is good too . I can even overlook Plant 's vocals on this one because it fits the mood of the song . Its a wee bit generic specifically the lyrics . Black Mountain Side is pleasant although lacking of a decent melody.The Bad Times-Babe I 'm Going Leave You-Although I like some of the instrumental embelishments , Plant 's voice just ruins the song . Too much screaming just drains my last nerve . And it goes on for 6 minutes plus !!!! Dazed And Confused , How Many More Times and I Should Have Quit You Baby just all sound like a heavymetal band trying to play the blues with little in the terms of feel and dynamics . Plant 's voice again is the main culprit and the arrangements are a bit too heavy handed . And the last song -LRB- ? -RRB- How Many More Times lacks focus meandering on for close to nine minutes.Yes there are are good tiems but the bad times bring down the overall impression this debut recording gives . Zeppelin would do better on future recordings . That is my opinion and I 'm sticking to it just like all of you have your thoughts .
 My review is 2 stars for the distributor and product -LRB- I would give 4 stars were I to review the album -RRB- . The reason that these Zeppelin remasters are being sold so relativly cheap on Amazon is because the seller , MusicStore2000 , is selling lesser quality imports from Argentina . First off , 2 of the 3 cases I ordered from this seller arrived broken and cracked -LRB- a real pet peeve of mine -RRB- . As for the disc itself , the printing on the actual disc is kinda sloppy . The disc appears to be of lower quality than the other Zep remasters I already own . The sound quality is acceptable ... I do think the disc does contain the '94 remaster . Overall , I would say this disc is on par with the ones you get from those 12-for-a-penny record clubs ... slightly inferior to the store bought versions . What bothers me the most , though , is that nowhere on the Amazon sales page does it say you are getting Argentinian imports . I would not have bought them had I known ahead of time .
 I 'm so sick of people slamming Foreigner , Dire Straits which are the greatest bands and all they listen to is hugly lousy bands like Led Zeppelin , Pink Floyd , Rolling Stones , ACDC . Robert Plant is a huge joke of a singer , just cant sing and sounds more like a baby . I hate Led Zeppelin and they surely never made a good album . Foreigner were miles , miles better than Led Zeppelin and they have a great lead singer like Lou Gramm , why ca n't everyone sing a lot like him ???? Avoid Led Zeppelin at all costs , go buy Foreigner 's 4th album insted . Believe me , you will love one of the songs off that album . Led Zeppelin are huge loosers and meant for people with a very poor taste . Foreigner are winners and for people with good taste .
 This is funny . I hear these 2 minded idiots all the time . Led Zeppelin are just as bad as Green Day . They are overrated , and get played every day on radios . They are n't good at all . They only made 1 good song and it 's Stairway to Heaven . Avoid them for sure as they pure suck and go with Foreigner 4 insted.The God That Failed .
 I sucked into buying too many CD by man at work who say they really good . Each one I listen to too many time and none good , this one too ! Man who sing the song sound like a woman , like a woman feeling painful . And too much scream and yelling . Wish I could take back . My english not so good but my music taste very good and know this CD not so great ! Songs all sound like same too . Just scream and yell , loud guitar , too much noise . Not good !
 this cd is responsible for all the -LSB- ... -RSB- thats being called music . if you want music im going to say this again buy good charlotte they my friend are true musicians NO i am not joking ! i swear led zeppelin , black sabbath all of those bands are posers they just tried to start new trends and fads . good charlotte didnt need to start anything they are and always will be part of the trends . do you see led zeppelin on mtv , i dont think so because in order for someone to be a good musician they have to be sponsored on mtv.AIM screen name
 I can never understand why anybody could like this annoying band . Led Zeppelin are amongst the most overrated , worst , lousiest , stupidest , and discusting bands ever after PINK FLOYD ROLLING STONES . The lead singer Robert Plant just screams and sounds like a baby and Jimmy page is n't all that great . Why is this piece of s#@t so popular when better bands like Dire Straits and Foreigner never get to be winners ?? Do n't buy any album from overrated bands like LED ZEPPELIN , PINK FLOYD , THE ROLLING STONES , and AC/DC who are trash and only meant for babies !!! Get any album from good bands like Dire Straits , Foreigner , Metallica , Tom Petty , Bon Jovi , Neil Young , and Clash insted .
 Hey come on now , how come Led Zeppelin are so popular because I hate them . All these people want me to listen to them but why ? Led Zeppelin are just a bunch of posers.First of all Led Zeppelin are the most overrated band ever.I hear them on every radio station.The lead singer Robert Plant ca n't sing , he just screams and he sounds like a crying babyThis is n't music . . this is just noise.It is garbage music.Foreigner 's 4 album is miles better than this.Don ' t buy this album.Destroy .
 Led Zeppelin ARE AMONGST ONE OF THE WORST BANDS IN HISTORY . THE SINGER SCREAMS AND THIS CONTAINS AWFUL SONGS LIKE YOU SHOOK ME.THEY ONLY MADE 2 DECENT SONGS IN STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN , AND KASHMIR.Get NIRVANA , GREEN DAY , DIRE STRAITS , AND GUNS AND ROSES INSTED.DON ' T LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE WHO LOVE LED ZEPPELIN . THEY ARE JUSTAS BAD AS THE ROLLING STONES , BEATLES , & WHO.EXPRESSO LOVE .
 I totaly agree with the previous reviewer . In fact , Led Zepplin is ALREADY forgoten -- NOBODY in my hi school has ever hear of them , or any song they 've ever done . The only thing I disagree with the previous reviewer is about what is a real band . Duran Duran -- Hah ! They ai n't nothing either . If you want to hear REAL music , check out Britny Spears and Ricky Martin and Cristina Aguilera . If you want to hear REAL bands , look for N'Sync and the Backstreet Boyz . Now that 's stuff that will stand the test of time ! If you do n't believe me , just ask yourself
 This cd is the worst of the Led Zeppelin . I really hate the boring covers of `` Shook Me '' and `` I Ca n't Quit You Baby '' . Also `` How Many More Times '' is repetitive and meaningless . The lyrics are very stupid in this one . The only track that I enjoy is `` Your Time Is Gon na Come '' and -LRB- a little -RRB- `` Babe I 'm Gon na Leave You '' . I do n't understand why the most enjoy very much Led Zeppelin . Awful blues guitar rock . Only `` Stairway To Heaven '' -LRB- found in L.Z. IV -RRB- is an excellent song . Go listen to Pink Floyd or Alan Parsons .
 It 's interesting to me how many Zep fans here , like Peter Stratton for example , who seem to suffer from severe amnesia when it comes to Cream 's mighty existence in the 1960s musical world , which clearly preceded LZ . Or , perhaps it 's varying episodes of chronic ignorance or denial . Whatever the case may be , I pity you . `` Led Zeppelin '' comes from a band that has always , in my opinion , been a band that has been given far more credit than it deserves . While this album and the others that ensued are simply okay , there has been a myth regarding Led Zeppelin that I feel needs to be examined . They are not the fathers of `` heavy metal '' or `` blues/rock fusion '' or , for that matter , anything original . `` Moby Dick '' is a brazen ripoff of Cream 's `` Toad '' , yet John Bonham seems to be credited as being an innovative drummer , even though Ginger Baker did this several years earlier . The first band to actually achieve this was Cream , the power trio that paved the way for bands like Led Zeppelin to come along . It was Cream who fused rock , blues and jazz in a very heavy and unheard of way beginning in 1966 and made a host of other contemporary musicians take notice . Cream fought with Atlantic Records early on because their style was not yet bankable but gradually convinced the bigwigs there that a song like `` Sunshine of Your Love '' was not too heavy-sounding and could win over the musical public and it certainly did so , for example . And for those who think Black Sabbath was the originator of such a sound , you 're sadly mistaken . Led Zeppelin fans seem to be ignorant of Cream 's reign as the originator of such music . Well I 'm here to remind you .
 Please , is just me , or Led Zeplin not so good ? I have hear some of good songs their , but rest not so good .
 When I was in my late teens / early 20s I listened to Jimi Hendrix . I owned about a a dozen of his records . I whiled away many an evening with the headphones on listening to him . But in the back of my mind there was always something that did n't quite seem right . Something never quite clicked . I never knew what it was until I reached my early 30s . Then I realised what it was . I did n't actually like Hendrix 's music . I listened to it , but I did n't necessarily like it . I think it was due to the mystique of Jimi Hendrix . He was a cool guy , he influenced almost all guitarists and is the by - word for guitar virtuosity . I suppose I was putting an act on to get credibility from my friends . It always helps to be into influential music acts , how can people possibly question your music taste with that ?! I also listend to Led Zeppelin in my late teens . And you know what ? I later realised that I did n't actually like them either . Bu they have all the right ingredients . Influential and gifted musicians , they possess as much `` cool '' and credibility if not more than Hendrix . So in popular music I might say that trying to gain credibility with your friends is a significant part . I listened to Led Zeppelin more for the image surrounding them rather than deriving any enjoyment from their music . They 're not bad or anything , but I actually * enjoyed * the music of Deep Purple , Rush , Queen , Black Sabbath , marilion , Aerosmtih and The Scorpions . I never enjoyed Led Zep . And Page may be a good player , but I could say that dozens of guitarists are as good or better . So if I pretended to be into Zep , then what 's stopping others ? Late teens are a time of turmoil and people like to fit in . Peer pressure rules . Some may genuinely enjoy Led Zep , but I think that some are going to inflict a teensy weensy white lie on themselves and listen to something just for it 's own sake.It seems that with Led Zeppelin two different mindsets are at work . The first mindset regards that if a piece of music , whether it 's a band or album , has been influential , then it 's almost a God given right that it must - MUST - be better than anything that followed . That 's what the majority will belong to . The second mindset does n't give a toss whether the music was influential and is only interested in whether you like the music itself or not . I belong wholeheartedly in the latter mindset . It 's up to you.And personally I think all this breathless psuedo-religious raving about The Gods Of Rock is damn silly . Why do you all prostrate yourselves before a pop group ? Page and Plant are laughing all the way to bank .
 We need to have less of these pompous journo 's around who inflate the importance of the bands they grew up with or for which they copied other journo 's reviews of . Initially you might listen to Dazed , babe and a few others a bit , but the whole thing wears out quite soon . It 's popular today because of hype and nostalgia . Case in point
 Along with Physical Graffiti , this is the only tolerable one of Led Zeppelin 's albums . I have nothing against the fact that quite a few of the songs on this album are covers of blues standards ; they are performed fairly competently . I would strongly recommend listening to the originals over the Zeppelin covers though , especially the Willie Dixon numbers -LRB- Zep have no hope of holding a candle to these -RRB- . Also recommended
 1 . Good times bad times - same title as a rolling stones song , but one of 2 non-covers on this album2.Babe I 'm Gon na Leave You - by Anne Briggs -LRB- real name Bredon -RRB- , adapted from Joan Baez cover3.You Shook Me - by Willie Dixon , his version is good , Page fell out with schoolfriend Jeff Beck who had just released a version of this track on his album with Rod Stewart singing , partly over this .4 . Dazed and Confused - by Jake Holmes , the Yardbirds did a cover before them , and yet Page claims it as his own .5 . Your time is gon na come - the 2nd original6.Black Mountain Side - Originally a song , Black Waterside by Anne Briggs , Bert Jansch did a version of it , and Page stole his guitar part and called it this .7 . Communication Breakdown - based on Nervous Breakdown by Eddie Cochran , same Chord Sequence and structure , the main riff has the two open chords switched around to disguise it . Includes the words Nervous Breakdown . An interesting version .8 . I ca n't Quit you baby - by Willie Dixon , straight cover .9 . How Many More Times . From How Many More Years , The Hunter , the Yardbirds version of Smokestack Lightning , No Place to go , Beck 's Bolero , all stuck together and pretending to be original material , in fact this track is like a collage.The whole album shows how good Page was at ripping off other people 's styles . Unlike the Stones , Beck , Clapton , Free , Beatles , Korner and the like he does not credit his sources . Get some real blues , Howling Wolf or Muddy Waters instead , or for folk look up Anne Briggs or Bert Jansch .
 I 've never understood what people saw in this band . No real melody , loud drums , gimmicks galore , etc. . The Beatles , Stones , Who were much better .
 This was one whopper of a disappointing album . After hearing such effusive praise lavished on this legendary , phenomenal album my hands were nearly shaking with awe when I popped the CD into my player . And you know what ? I nearly fell asleep listening to this piece of junk . If anyone thinks this is the greatest hard rock album ever recorded , then do what is called `` expanding your musical horizons '' This album is really just a slightly louder Jeff Beck Group . I would even go so far as to say that it 's actually better than The Jeff Beck Group , but that 's not saying much because they were n't great .
 Led Zeppelin butchered the blues on this album . They use these classic songs as a vehicle to propell them to commercial success . This sad mockery of the blues basically signifies what Zepp was all about - making trivial music .
 Led Zeppelin were a mediocre band at best , but their fans have got to be the most obnoxious people in the world . According to these fans `` Zep '' were supernatural beings , every other band is garbage , and every song that any other hard rock band wrote sounds exactly like Whole Lotta Love or Kashmir , . Well let me say that Led Zeppelin copied the Who , Cream , Blue Cheer , and old blues like Muddy Waters .
 You call this trash rock ? How come is it that whatever we export over to you guys you treat it like its the greatest thing invented since dry land ? Literally ! Come on mates , there is nothing as overated as a lad whose vocals sound like a moaning woman and a guitarist who plays scratchy guitar ! Plus the bass sounds like a whomping willow and the drums sounds like breaking glass , you call this rock and roll ?! You want some good British rock , listen to Deep Purple , Black Sabbath or the Who , but not this ! Next time we export something to you , check it out before proclaiming it the greatest thing since the invention of breathable air .
 I bought the disc and was extremely bummed to find that the `` ghost track '' on _ Babe I 'm Gon na Leave You _ had been mixed out . Listen for this haunting and weird track on your pre-remix version
 I confess - I used to be heavy metal fan some years ago . The usual things , denim jackets , playing air guitar . Looking back now I wonder what I ever saw in metal.Firstly Led Zeppelin are n't really true metal , despite the claims of many . Metal did n't `` start '' , anywhere . It evolved through various sources . But Led Zeppelin are one of the biggest influences on metal development , so people view them as `` originators of heavy metal rock '' Many seem to herald this as one of the greatest things in history . Why ? Metal as a music form is fundametally flawed . Led Zeppelin are in essence a blues rip off band , so bands that try to be `` metal '' by emulating Led Zeppelin are a ripping off of a rip off band . That should n't inspire you with much confidence . And being a `` rock fan '' largely involves hating other bands . I 've lost count of the times when I 've read comments like `` Zeppelin destroy Black Sabbath '' `` Zeppelin kill The Stones '' `` Zeppelin obliterate The Beatles '' The violence of the language is a dead giveaway . People seem to spend more time hating other bands than liking their chosen idols in the music genre of hard rock . It seems that hate is a big drving force of the metal fan , and especially Zep fans . -LRB- as per reviewers below wanting others to `` burn in hell '' Nice . -RRB- That kind of nonsense does n't appeal to me anymore . Oh and some seem to think that a mark of Zeps `` greatness '' is `` cuz they 're better than modern cr@p like Limp Bizkit '' Oooooh ... impressive.The main feature of metal is probably energy , but as your listening habits expand you 'll find that composers were writing music with all , often more of the energy of metal hundreds of years ago . And a harpsichord can actually produce sounds that sound uncannily like an electric guitar power chord . A fast arpeggio chord on a harpsichord can literally sound like the heaviest Black Sabbath . I do n't see the point of metal anymore . I suppose it creates a market for T shirts .
 I thought this album sounded familiar the first time I heard it . Then I realized that I had heard it before , when it was released -LRB- six months earlier -RRB- under the title TRUTH , by the JEFF BECK GROUP.Boring and derivative . Robert Plant should have served 10 years in prison for impersonating a harp player on that dismal solo in `` You Shook Me . ''
 I 've never understood why this album made Led Zepplin into instant superstars.I 'm sure that at the time it was released it was quite grounbreaking -LRB- and I mean merely grounbreaking , not revolutionary-there is a difference -RRB- but I just do n't think it has stood the test of time well.The opener Good Times Bad Times is basically a passable 60 's pop song , albeit with a blistering guitar solo.Babe I 'm Gon na Leave You is n't actually their song.The hard chorus bit was perhaps something fresh in 1969 , but by today 's standards it 's nothing special . You Shook Me again is n't their song and again , by todays standards it seems pretty lame.Dazed And Confused is perhaps the song that made this album , but it 's a song I 've never liked . It 's basically a blues song that has a kickin chorus and a `` blistering '' -LRB- for 1969 -RRB- guitar solo.Yeah in 1969 it was somthing new , but after we 've had Van Halen , Black Sabbath , Joe Satriani , Steve Vai , Randy Rhoads etc. is it something we should be listening to all the time ? In my opinion , no . Side 2 has Your Time Is Gon na Come which is a pleasant enough song although the chourus makes me cringe a bit.Black Mountain Side is a nice acoustic ditty.Communication Breakdown sounds , frankly , lame by today 's standards . At the time I 'm sure that Zeppelin thought they were really mean hard rockin ' dudes but , sorry , when I hear it today it sounds almost quaint . I ca n't Quit You Baby is a dreary blues song with some sloppy guitar playing.How Many More Times , contrary to popular belief is n't their song it 's just a medley of old 50 's blues and pop songs , and it 's just too damn long and dull.So there we have it , an album which was fresh in 1969 but pretty darn stale in today 's day in age.So why is so popular ? Simple . It 's by Led Zeppelin , and people will tell you that if you do n't listen to Zeppelin , you 're simply not cool.Now I 'm not saying that Led Zeppelin did n't write a few good songs but I feel that this album is clearly overrated by the majority of people.Personally I consider the first Black Sabbath album to be much more groundbreaking , fresh , and exciting , yet it did n't make Sabbath into instant superstars.I do n't consider Zeppelin to be the founders of heavy metal , I consider it to be Hendrix -LRB- how can you not bang your head to Purple Haze , Spanish Castle Magic or Wild Thing ? -RRB- I think that Zeppelin were able to take the sound of Hendrix , Blue Cheer and Cream and make it more `` defined '' on a piece of vinyl . If you saw Hendrix play live I 'm sure that you would n't consider Zeppelin as the founders of heavy metal . I feel that part of Led Zeppelin 's appeal is not because they wrote breathtaking music , but because they have become so indelibly ingrained in American Rock n roll culture , that they have an aura of greatness , which I consider largely to be undeserved .
 i was very excited about receiving the last recording of jean terell , but to my surprise this was a sad disappointment . I mean every record on the cd lacked was just plain lousy . i 'm surprised she settled to sing the songs that were written . i am a great fan of hers and i thought this would be a treat . not !!!!!
 What a piece of self indulgent junk . While the song selections and arrangements are good ... the voice ruins everything . dont waste your time buying this
 For all of you who love Ghost in the Shell and music by Yoko Kanno , this is not it ! This is scream death metal or something . Needs a better title that isnt already pretty much used .
 As strange as it may sound as minister for health in rural Australia , I was asked to reduce the number of h.i.v infections in the region I represent . I asked my Canadian counterparts for advise and they were only to happy to send me over 1000 `` educational kits '' related to being sexually and globally educated . Inside each kit was a condom and compact disc of the band Propagandhi with the title being `` Less Talk More Rock . `` Now perhaps I should back up here a bit . This part of Australia only recently got television -LRB- black and white -RRB- . Most people here do n't know what a compact disc is , and the brief instructions in the educational kit said `` enjoy some music while having safe sex . `` The problem with good ideas from elitists is that the simple folk in nowhereville , Australia stretched the condom between two fence posts to make a twanging sound they could hum too , and awkwardly the males placed the compact disc on their genitals to prevent conception . Mr Cooper of Wagga said '' My god this makes a good contraceptive , feels like i 'm having sex with a carrot grater . '' Other men were badly cut up , with doctors seeming to have the giggles when certain patients said they had actually forced themselves through the round window . It was however these doctors who informed the population that the condom was not the musical instrument and that in fact there were machines that could produce music when the compact disc was inserted into such a device . At first this all seemed like more Canadian bull , but in time the population were introduced to music produced by a compact disc and the rather more comfortable condom . However yet another problem was to occur . This was summed up by Mrs Winterbottom a sprightly 72 year old from Burke -LRB- Central New South Wales -RRB- she says , '' I was all ready for bit of romance and so was me husband . We had just set up our compact disc player to fill the room with joy full glory to the lord when on come the most unholy racket . Lyrics about men having you know what with other men , and all this talk about how to make money out of investing in oil ... . Well this sort of nonsense may be for all those fruitcakes in Sydney , constantly dressing up in wigs and underwear and wondering which toilet they should use , but here in the country we have standards ! `` Regretfully my constituents have spoken , and we are sending the kits off to New Zealand who we are also selling our black and white televisions too , as we update to colour.Regards minister for health Mr. Snicko
 This work sounds like it was recorded in the mildewy basement of an anemic whining limp-wristed flake who ca n't even play an instrument properly . The people responsible for this hideous affair should be locked in a deep dank closet and forced to read The Complete Works of Joseph Stalin by candlelight until their whimpering ceases . Do not buy this CD , unless you want others to do your thinking for you , which supposedly is what the `` bARTIST '' is trying to get you to avoid . I have yet to hear such a juvenile and immature piece masquerading as a serious piece of work . After listening to it , I resisted the temptation to smash it against the wall , or to mail it back to the artist C.O.D. Instead , I threw away the case and gave the CD to my two year old son to play with . He likes bright shiny things of no actual substance that he can take outside and play with in the dirt . Save your money for something with more clarity and maturity .
 No one should have this much belief , when they do they begin to contradict themselves . Like in that `` stop consuming animals '' song they talk about killing humans but we ca n't kill any stupid animals.And the whole gay thing , I mean woopee . When I hear a hetero love song I never hear all that `` receiving end '' metaphor.And the whole punk thing , I just do n't get what they think they 're doing . They 're never really talented and they never make much progression with their music . Not like some good indie bands like Placebo and Cooper Temple Clause.No thanks
 this cd is lame for a few reasons 1 -RRB- the music is week no real strong song nothing stands out as good the music is basicly watterd downed NOFX 2 -RRB- they seem to be more about talking then rocking IE it seems there not a band just an activist group that plays instruments 3 -RRB- they dont eat meat ... . i guess what im trying to say is regardless of thier views they seem more about sending a message then making good music ... oh yea ps they said if you can make a case for eating meat you can make a case for lycnhing black people ... rock on propaghandi !
 I really really wanted to like this album because I ` ve been a fan since their big label debut ` Gauze ` , but this album shows them tired and out of ideas . Frankly I wished I had saved my money . I was lucky enough to see them in Sapporo a couple days ago and while the show was good , the songs , mostly taken from ` Withering to death . ` , were uninspiring at best . ` Gauze ` worked because of the X Japan influnce and strong , varied songwriting and ` Kisou ` worked because of the absolute rage conveyed in the music and those albums I recommend a million times over ` Withering to death . `
 This Japanese band produces noisy , psychotic Rock with Metal influences and a touch of industrial music . Sounding very funky at times , mostly due to the improvised bass playing , the band go from extremely quiet moments to furious bursts of adrenaline , resulting in intense passages accompanied by screaming vocals . You ca n't deny the influence of punk rock on many of the songs . Cleanly sung catchy choruses are present throughout the whole album . While these guys seem to be having fun while experimenting with different musical genres , in the end this all sounds like a mixed bag of incoherent compositions .
 allright Ducky Boys `` Dark Days '' and `` No Gettin Out '' are two of my favorite CD 's in my collection . the new ducky boys CD 's however i cant stand , its sounds to commercial , like a song youd here on m-tv being requested by a lettle girl with a room full of unicorns or something im gon na sell it to a used cd store and pretend i never bought it ! oh ya `` the war back Home '' is even worse.now to be fair to the music and to the Ducky Boys , because with there other music i consider them my favorite band ! my style of music is punk ! you might like the newer ducky boys , to each is own !
 I trusted Amazon to list the product information correctly - how hard can it be ? It 's written on the back of the DVD case ! Amazon product details state `` Region 1 -LRB- U.S. and Canada only -RRB- but on the back of the DVD case it CLEARLY states `` DVD 9 , PAL , Zone 2 '' TWO . Will not play on U.S. equipment . So I could n't rate the DVD above one star as I could n't watch it . VERY VERY disappointed . Expected more from Amazon .
 Oh MY lord ! I was expecting a whole load of bad reviews on this cd , as it was DEFINATELY a bad cd ! I mean . . apart from Liberty Bell , what the hell was nice ? This slow crap , which is not heavy enough , and this long boring beat , while she goes on and on about noting in particular , I was VERY dissapointed with this album , I should NOT have got it . I mean it was way too light , and look at the cover , what on earth is this yellow stuff ? I do n't know , I 'm not going completely put it down , her voice is still as enchanting as ever , and some of the `` ballads '' I guess you could call them pretty nice if you 're snoozing and have nothing better to listen to , but I found this too peaceful and psychadelic for my liking , and many people said it was too commercial . I agree , please go back to what you were like during Mandylion The Gathering . Sorry to dampen the good reviews .
 Extremely disappointing , to say the least ! This album has it 's moments , but they are few and far between , and not enough to balance out the extreme bordom this album creates . I love slow , quiet , melodic music , but with the condition that it 's catchy and entertaining . This album is neither . I love Mandylion and Nighttime Birds , and listen to them both frequently , but I 'm afraid How To Measure A Planet ? will not be played nearly as often . This is a two star album ; one star for Anneke 's beautiful -LRB- but on this album , rather boring -RRB- voice and another star for the great talent of the others ' -LRB- which they decided not to put to a lot of use on this album -RRB- . I 'm hoping If_Then_Else will proove that we all make mistakes , but they can be amended .
 I own the first two major releases by this group , and they are wonderful . This album , though , sounds like a collection of b-sides , with none of the hard rocking or symphonic chord changes of the other two albums . This album is one CD too long , and even then it 's half sound effects and static . Almost every song is in a dreary slow-jam beat , reminiscent of a group called Renaissance from the late ' 70 's . This album , I hate to say , is virtually unlistenable . Sorry .
 The best album of 1997 was easily `` The Gathering . '' This new album , however , sounds like the group is trying to do too much and forgot the most important stuff that made them great -- the metal , the rock and those delicious chord moves that sent chills up and down your spine . I was thoroughly bored by this trash .
 i was amazed at what i heard . this was the only gathering cd at the store . first of all this isnt metal . its kinda electronic rock sometimes . the vocals by annek are wonderful . but there are hardly any guitars at all . and the lyrics arent doom anymore . if you want metal with great female vocals buy either nighttime birds or mandylion . this isnt recommended for metal fans . BY ALL MEANS DO NOT GET THIS CD IF YOUR A METAL FAN ! even though its good stuff its definitely NOT METAL
 It 's been 12 years since I wrote my first bad review of this album . After Mandylion and Nighttime Birds , it was clear this group was creatively DONE . And they were . R.I.P. Gathering , your 15 minutes was up LOOOOONNNNGGGGGG ago .
 Mandylion and Nighttime Birds are two albums I really love -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . Unfortunately in this album quantity has won over quality . The amazing voice of Anneke -LRB- I hate to say -RRB- ca n't capture my attention and at times begins to annoy me . It really lacks a song that stands out . When I hear this album I have a feeling that i 'm hearing the same thing over and over again . This album has not made it to my car-stereo .
 The Gathering seems to be one of those bands that you either love or hate . I hate it . I think it is not musical and certainly not subtle . Above that I have a problem with the voice of Anneke van Giersbergen . And besides that this is their worst cd . Sorry , that 's what I think
 You guys better start counting , because this is not the 3rd or 4th album ... The album which remains the best is still `` Always '' , the only metal album made by the Gathering . This one should read `` Rock '' or something . I 'm pretty fed up with the vocals of Anneke
 This disk deserves 1 star , no more ! It is so-ooo boring , flat and poorly composed ! Melodies and arrangments are very primitive.I had very high expectations after Mandylion , which is really enchanted opus ! . My first thought after very first listening was
 I was very excited when I heard there was a new album of The Gathering and I immediately bought it . But hey , where is that typical heavy guitar sound that was on the two other albums ? There are only a few songs that have that special The Gathering sound . Okay , the album sure sounds great and is well produced , but next time put more songs like ` Liberty Bell ' on the album .
 How can I review this album if I do n't know what songs are on this album . There is no track list on the album 's page . Please put the track titles on the Ramon Ayala pages . Many of them do n't have the track lists . Without the list , it is very hard to choose wich album we would like to purchase .
 The music was anything but relaxing . Some selections were actually irritating to the point of prohibiting sleep rather than promoting it . Donated it to the local charity store . A waste of money !!!
 It has some nice quiet music . However , it 's inclusion of Greensleeves / `` what child is this '' was a poor choice ; it has this quiet music , followed by this sudden and loud `` den '' , which always wakes me up . Very very annoying !
 I should have paid attention to the two negative reviews . This CD does n't put me to sleep at all -- in fact , it keeps me awake . I find myself listening to the music instead of going to sleep.One of the pieces has irritating and dissonant passages mingled with relaxing , soothing passages . Also the music changes tempo and volume quite often , which would wake me up if I did start to drift off.Since I expected something that would put me to sleep , listening to this is upsetting , because I wasted my money.However , since it works well for most reviewers , I figure I must hear things differently , or have a harder time falling asleep than most . Maybe if I listened to it enough to get used to it , it might work better.I would like to find something totally soothing and relaxing -- maybe I need actual recordings of water or rain , but I prefer music . Any suggestions ?
 So , so . I anticipated this being relaxing bedtime music - but it has some more uptempo stuff on it - not what I expected .
 I agree with the other reviewer I found most of the music to be too up beat for falling asleep , and my problem is staying asleep , not falling asleep . Some of the music made my heart race and then I could not fall sleep . I tried this CD 4 times before calling it quits . I would not recommend this CD . I have resulted to using my very loud air purifier as white noise so that as I sleep the street sounds do not wake me up , but recently someone recommended to me trying a Homedics SoundSpa machine , which has all kinds of natural sounds for background noise when sleeping . I may try it . I hope this review helps .
 Somehow , from the description of this album , I expected jazz to sleep by . What I got was very dull classical . So boring , it does NOT occupy my mind enough to distract me from cares of the day , so not a sleep tool for me .
 Avoid at all cost , this album is not worth any amount of money , and if was given to you as a gift then it was n't given by a friend ! Very boring , only three real rocking tracks on this release with the rest being musical interludes and narration and a bunch of useless crap . If you are any kind of a fan of Manowar you will be extremely disappointed after hearing this .
 I 've been a Manowar fan from the VERY first album , one thing you could always expect from a Manowar album was a batch of solid , no nonsense , straight-ahead slamming metal tunes . Since the return of Scott Columbus and the addition of Karl Logan , Manowar has gotten less and less metal with each successive album , `` Louder Than Hell '' was a good album although it was burdened with the ridiculously prolonged and musically-empty `` Today is a Good Day to Die '' . `` Warriors of the World '' continued the `` What the heck is going on ? '' trend with more orchestration pieces and just the truly awful `` An American Trilogy '' . `` Gods of War '' breaks new ground with overwrought orchestration and narration pieces that just go on and on and on . Have n't we heard `` Glory Unity Majesty '' before on `` Kings of Metal '' ? -LRB- The Warrior 's Prayer -RRB- Granted when Manowar finally does decide to PLAY , some of the songs are probably as good as they 've ever done . But a solid HALF of the `` tracks '' on the album are not `` songs '' per se , and after one or two listens , you 'll be immediately forwarding to the next `` song '' . I understand you have to take Manowar with a grain of salt , with all the `` swords in the air '' and `` to the battle we ride '' lyrics in virtually every song , but in the `` extra '' song `` Die for Metal '' , Manowar takes lyrical stupidity to a new level . . `` quit my job this morning ... cuz I need metal like an eagle needs to fly '' ... its too bad , because the song is actually pretty solid.With all the hype that went into this album , this is an amazing disappointment . Sure bands should grow over time , but before you get all upset at me , have a listen again at `` Into Glory Ride '' or `` Sign of the Hammer '' and tell me that `` Gods of War '' is even slightly comparable to those albums.Rather than spending their time putting out DVD after DVD , Joey and the boys should be spending a bit more time in the studio getting back to Manowar `` basics '' .
 First off , I 've been a Manowar fan for 15 years , so I 'm not trashing this album b/c I think they 're some cheesy power metal band . I 'm trashing this album because it is one of the most boring metal albums I have heard in ages . The orchestral , symphonic sections are supposed to sound grandiose and epic , but instead they come across as simplistic and boring . The spoken word sections are supposed to instil the True Metal Spirit in all Brothers of Metal , but they just sound lame and corny , hitting rock-bottom with the drawn-out repetition of ` the warriors prayer ' from ` Kings of Metal ' , an album that 's almost 20 years old . And there 's alot of repetition on this album - rehashed lyrics , rehashed ideas , etc that give the whole thing a ` been here , heard this ' feel . And as for the concept ; why in the world would you start a series of albums dealing with war gods with Odin/norse mythology ? Is there any topic that has been overdone any MORE than vikings when it comes to heavy metal ? The few decent metal tunes -LRB- 4 -RRB- are too few and too far apart , and even they do n't offer up anything very interesting or that I have n't heard on every other Manowar album . Granted , Manowar is a band whose fan base wants consistency , not experimentation . However , as a fan I can honestly say that this album is n't consistent with their catalog - this one is boring and plain and a huge disappointment to this longtime fan .
 Okay , they 're cheesy , over the top , Spinal Tappy and all around silly . But they have some good songs and can play it an inimitable sloppy , fast , over the edge sort of way . The lyrics are worthy of Ed Wood but ya know , there 's something appealing about them . There 's an honesty . And when they 're on , they rock pretty damn hard . The problem with MOW is that they have no definitive album . There 's a few songs on this album and some good moments on that album but it never all came together for them . I think that 's what they were trying to do here . What a disaster . Again , some good moments , but not nearly enough to sustain interest . Every other song is bogged down with some lame pitch deepend narration . The `` orchestration '' is really just samples . My guess is that even the choirs are sampled this time out . MOW fell in love with technology and lost their way . They still remain pompous and silly however .
 Ive been a manowar fan for about 20 years , maybe i havent listened to anything more than this band ... i am really disapointed , i find my way to listen to it yesterday -LRB- tired of waiting for my amazon cd to arrive , it 's been a month since they `` send it '' -RRB- , back to the album , the songs never starts , and when you think manowar riffs are comming to stay , they went down again . Lot 's of intros and talking ... and the worst is that the intros sound like a cheap electric organ , no intros with plain guittar and with eric entering the song in a magestic way ... only choruses of repeated voices ... this album is terrible , worst of manowar by far .
 I am a Manowar fan for more than a decade and this is the worst album to date . It is uninspired and repetitive . Valhalla this and Valhalla that ... The songs that are OK are nothing new . They are OK because they sound exactly like the other -LRB- last 2-3 -RRB- albums . and this after ALMOST 5 YEARS ! Grow up guys and start doing some good music ... 1 star because this album is a shame !
 I bought this album because it had 16 tracks and I thought well 16 tracks of songs will be enough for a new fan of manowar but no there was mostly nothing on here but a whole bunch of worthless interludes skits And less of their decent metal except for die for metal which I did n't like.I did not spend a good $ 15 dollars just for their silly mideval interludes and narrations I just wanted more decent metal from these guys '' I tell you this cd is a little good but mostly junk.What 's the point of releasing an album like this ?! Do n't waste your money on this it 's not worth it .
 What next ? Braodway show tunes ! - WTF - This is NOT Manowar !
 Manowar has self proclaimed the loudest band on Earth , ... but this release leave them completelly out of that statement !!!! Let me put it this way , there are 16 tracks in this CD
 I am a Manowar fan for more than a decade and this is the worst album to date . Like a Sleep medicine.The songs are nothing new . They are sleeping , because they sound exactly like the other -LRB- last 2-3 -RRB- albums . Enough!When the start doing some good music?This album is a shame !
 I 've managed to miss most of what Manowar has been doing in the last few years so when I heard this album was coming out and that it would be a true concept album about the Norse mythology , I got pretty excited . Aside from such great bands like Tyr , Amon Amarth , Manilla Road , etc I could n't think of a better band to do such an album especially given Manowars track record with such topics in such classics as Into Glory Ride , Hail to England or their epicness in in Kings of Metal , Triumph of Steel , etc. . Thus , armed with these such expectations I warded into this album.If one has read anything in the reviews the sense that their is a lack of power to be found in these songs is absolutely what I found to be the case . Where was Adam 's treble shattering falsetto when many , many moments on this album called for him to let loose like in Hail to England ? Where where the killer riffs that should have kicked in repeatedly throughout this album but always managed to dissipate into blandness halfway through ? And most of all , where was the accompanying awesome solos Manowar is so fraught with in their older works ? I did n't even start to expect the drums to be amazing as half-way through it became abundantly clear that Columbus probably did n't break out the steel plated drums for this one.Compared to any of their great works , Glory , England , Kings , or Triumph , this album is missing pretty much everything about those that made them great . The drumming of Glory , the vocals/solos/riffs of England , the orchestral epicness or Kings or Triumph ... all not to be found.Instead , what I got and actually happened to like , was a huge swaggering sense of bombastic , not epic , glory in the form of many , many awesome spoken word tomes and orchestral selections . Then when the album truly kicked off , in every case , major failure to deliver except in some cases such as `` King of Kings '' or `` Blood of Odin '' . This was a huge shame in my view as most bands as old as Manowar are really putting out some of their best work in recent days , i.e. - Manilla Road , Dio , etc and while what I got was not as huge a change in style as to kill the enjoyment of the album -LRB- such as the latest couple albums from Running Wild for example -RRB- the musical intensity was very much absent . This absence did n't make me hate the album enough to toss it completely , as the lyrics , spoken word , and orchestral selections are just great by themselves or in mixes , but I ca n't say that anyone who is not as fond of such things to check this album out if they are n't just a complete fanboy . I mentioned Manilla Road earlier and I absolutely see that kind of spirit absent in `` Gods of War '' in their playing nowadays and highly recommend their last album , `` Gates of Fire '' to this album as in that they follow the true Manowar code
 I 've always liked Manowar , but I 'm with the first reviewer . The songs about metal , fire , steel , etc are fine but lets branch out a little . Eric Adams has the most amazing voice and the last few albums do n't do it justice . I 'm sure I 'll be dismissed as not being a true fan , but I 've followed them since the early 80s . Personally , I 'm now at the point that I turn them down in my car because their lyrics are so childish that I feel I should have a license plate with `` DungeonMaster '' on it . They can still sing their fantasy songs , but lets mix in a few songs with substance . Even one called `` drunk as hell '' would be a welcome change .
 WHAT HAS HAPPENED HERE ? I WANT METAL MUSIC NOT THEATRE AND ACTING . VERY DISSAPOINTING , THIS SO CALLED BAND HAS BEEN GOING DOWN HILL QUICKLY ON THE LAST SEVERAL ALBUMS .
 Before the release of this album I was looking forward to it , as I am a fan of many of these artists who make up the compilation . After sampling every song , I have to say that I 'm disappointed . Most of the songs sounded uninspired , and left me wishing I was hearing the original DC Talk version . The exception was 4th Avenue Jones ' rendition of `` Jesus Freak '' , that one sounded pretty good . In my opinion , Gotee Records missed the mark with this one , though I love most of their artists . I do recommend most of them , but doing their own stuff . 4th Avenue Jones , Paul Wright , Sarah Kelly , Relient K , John Reuben , and Fighting Instinct are all excellent . But I would advise steering clear of this cd .
 How come when someone 's soloing the camera shows everyone except the soloist ? Lame . And Carter 's in the vid too much . I know I 'm biased cuz I play bass , but the songs are for Vic 's solo album , not Carter 's . It does n't matter , Vic does little of the stuff that wows bass players -LRB- triplet thumps/snaps , tapping , etc -RRB- . The jams are all blues jams with no flash from either party and neither of them says anything profound about playing music . I expected 'em to be goin ' off . Instead the tv was goin ' off so I could sleep . Get Victor Wooten at Bass Day 98 & / or Under the Table & Drumming if you wan na learn how to go off . Get this one if you wan na learn how to sleep with your eyes open . For what the vid cost , it did n't deliver .
 I happen to be a serious Victor Wooten fan . But , I watched a few minutes of this tape in a music store and was , well , bored . It is more or less a tape of Vic 's experiences in the studio . Which , to be honest , if you 've ever did studio work , you know can often be like , uh , boringggggg ! They should have taped much more playing and much less talking . Save your money and buy any one of Vic 's other tapes .
 Listen , this cd ONLY has 3 songs . `` Roll of the Dice '' -LRB- which sound like it was copy for his original cd -RRB- , A live version of `` Leap of Faith '' -LRB- that why I gave it 2 stars -RRB- . This song is great !! This was the only song listening to if you pick up the cd . The third song was all right . But save your money !
 I used to dig his style back in 1991 , on his mid-day radio show and when he was holdin it down at The Zanzibar , but this joint is a joke ... Sorry to sound like I 'm hatin ' , this is not at all a representation of his style . He was doing what he was told . `` Selections '' is n't all that either .
 The very first album by post-Purple Ritchie Blackmore 's project . Unfortunately , this debut is two steps behind in the quality department compared to the next two studio jewels by the Blackmore/Dio association.This CD still sounds excesively derivative from the decadent Deep Purple that Blackmore so desperately left behind . Music and production are in general unexpressive still making evident the creative void of our guitar hero in his late Purple stint . However , there ' s still some life in Blackmore 's Rainbow in songs like `` Sixteenth Century Greensleeves '' , the enigmatic and beautiful `` Temple Of The King '' where the medieval and gothic sound of future releases can be perceived and finally `` Man On The Silver Mountain '' that althought sounds like `` Smoke On The Water part II '' is still a nice rocking track ; Ritchie ironically admitted in a GW interview that he confounded the riffs of `` Water '' and `` Silver Mountain '' during a concert repeating the latter twice.Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow in resume , is an anticlimatic record with a few sparks of geniality .
 This is garbage ! Ritchie Blackmore took himself way too seriously . He left Deep Purple for this ? Grown men singing about fairies , kings , dragons and the middleages ? For , like , all the songs ? `` Man on the Silver Mountain '' is a great , classic song -LRB- it is also acts as a bait switch ... great first song and then all down hill from there -RRB- . The instrumental at the end is enjoyable since it showcases Blackmore 's guitar playing -LRB- which is the reason why most people checked this out -RRB- . This sounds so silly and dated today . Ronnie James Dio 's voice was a bad match for this muscular sound.Sorry metal fans , this stinks !
 I spent some time with Dan Rios -LRB- aka Alom Ahau Tze'ec Ba ` lam -RRB- and he is a sly and wily teacher of the `` Mayan secrets . '' Over all the CD is ok . Dik Darnell is a talented musician and like any other CD there are tracks that are much better than others .
 I could n't stand the voice on this recording , and all the songs on it were similar , and kind of embarrassingly silly . Sounded more like Priscilla of the Mayan Desert . I love the Voice of the Four Winds , and thought this would be similar , but it was NOT . Wish I had my money back .
 The other review is totally false . This CD is a completely diifferent band than the one founded by John Balance and Peter Christopherson . Instead of experimental music , you will find generic Japanese guitar pop .
 Here 's how I 'm gon na set it off . I think Sole tha best female rapper , tha only prollem is , she need ta be found.then she might get some money ta hire some1 ta git her betta beats.Her lyrics is good , but tha beats -LSB- stink -RSB- , she needs more beats like on `` Iy Yi Yi '' , then she would have dat flow . If , Like me , at first the only track you hear is `` Iy Yi Yi '' , then you think that this chick Is HOTT ! , but if you hear all the rest , they -LSB- stink -RSB- cus the beat just ai n't cuttin it.So I rated this joint 2 stars , I would give it 2 and a half , but ai n't no halves so woo woo.If you planning on gittin this c.d. , I would n't recommend it , I would git tha single fa `` Iy Yi Yi '' , unless you ca n't find it and you willing ta pay ... fa this piece of junk . Peace , holla back > ...
 This cd is okay but it could be better . Her skills -LSB- stink -RSB- the best thing about the cd is the beats . I hope and pray when she comes back she comes correct .
 Mindless Lyrics & music.nothing but 2nd tier FOXY&LIL KIM.very run of the mil GARBAGE .
 How obvious is it that the same person has written multiple `` praise '' reviews for this piece of garbage . Just what we need is another sistah putting out a trashy Lil Kim-like disc . Thank God for Lauren Hill !
 while the music and sounds were indeed -LRB- potentially -RRB- very relaxing - I found the heartbeat distracting and after a while , downright annoying . Just not my idea of calming .
 I got this because it had a slow heartbeat , and I liked Holy Harmony by the same composer . This was only annoying , and I could barely discern the heartbeat anywhere in the piece .
 I found a copy of this CD in a thrift shop and decided to check it out . I like the concept of replicating sounds from the womb . As it turns out , I do n't like the haunting dolphin sounds - too much like Halloween . It had a few scratches but I knew the disc would play . In this case , any scratches could only have helped and would have just blended in .
 already mailed review TWICE to costumer service-no response , so here again-THIS CD IS HORRIFYING , CAUSED ME TO HAVE NIGHTMARES AND HEART PALPITATIONS SINCE IT SOUNDS AS IF GHOSTS HOWL AND MOAN , IT WAS SO UNRELAXING AND UNCOMFORTABLE THAT I CAN NOT IN GOOD FAITH EVEN GIVE IT HALF A POINT , HOW THIS IS SUPPOSEDLY HEALING AND CREATING GOOD FEELINGS IS WAY BEYOND ME.I WANT MY MONEY BACK AND A CD WITH DOLPHIN/OCEAN SOUNDS THAT TRULY IS HEALING AND RELAXING .
 I really ca n't begin to explain why this album is so bad . It 's really sloppy and hardly original . The only reason it got two stars is because `` Fashion Boy/Fashion Girl '' is on it . I was lucky enough to find it used for a dollar , which is what it 's worth to have this song . The song is fun , catchy , and has minimal vocals . Minimal vocals is a plus , since when there ARE vocals on the album , they 're bland , tone-deaf , and very annoying -LRB- his voice is just too hard to bear -RRB- . Not to mention that the lyrics are completely mundane . If you ca n't write good lyrics , PLEASE do us all a favor and alter your voice so we ca n't understand them . However , I doubt Fuzz has the technology or talent to even do THAT effectively . Please , do n't buy this album . If you want interesting and unique techno , check out Mirwais 's `` Production , '' the Boom Boom Satellites ' `` Out Loud , '' or The Crystal Method 's `` Legion of Boom . ''
 As a big BT fan , I picked this up looking forward mostly to the second disc . BT 's `` Rare & Remixed '' mix CD is easily the best mix CD I 've ever heard , and really brings forth his abilities as an artist and remixer . This , however , just falls flat on its face.Disc One : This is where you begin to understand that BT started in the very early 90s , and this sort of sound coming from this guy sounds very weird . The first three tracks , `` The Moment of Truth '' , `` Relativity '' , and `` Embracing the Sunshine '' all sound straight out of the early 90s , which handicaps them to begin with . They are very clunky and formulaic . If you 're a huge BT fan , there may be some points of interest in these 3 , but other than that , you sort of cringe when hearing them . `` Loving You More '' , `` Blue Skies '' , `` Believer '' , and `` Remember '' show off his work that really got him noticed , but even they sound a bit dated too . A good intro to people unaware of BT 's work , but otherwise , BT fans will have heard these anyway . `` Love , Peace , and Grease '' is a good little groove , but some things need tightening , and it just does n't FEEL right . Also , the abrupt cut at the end really could 've been easily fixed ... The edit of `` Flaming June '' is good to have in , probably his most famous trance piece . However , since this style of dance music has been COMPLETELY overplayed , `` Flaming June '' does n't seem all that special , other than a nice melody overtop of a standard beat . Not BT 's fault , but the wind is out of the sails on this one by now . `` The Road to Lostwithiel '' is a juvenile attempt at drum 'n bass , and is overly boring and repetitive . An interesting direction , but it grows old VERY fast . Repeat same criticism of `` Lullaby for Gaia '' ... `` Dreaming -LRB- Libra Mix -RRB- '' is ok , but you really ca n't outdo the album version . It 's a good mix , but then it DRAGS ON for FAR too long without changing anything . Album version is far stronger ... `` Giving Up the Ghost '' is a good tune actually , and really gets the feet moving , although it too is pretty long . It has a better groove though , so it does n't pale so quickly . `` Never Gon na Come Back Down '' is a pretty decent and catchy tune , a good one for anyone yet-to-be-introduced to BT 's work . For big BT fans , you 'll pretty much skip this one , it sounds basically the exact same on the album version . `` The Revolution '' provides a decent end , with good slick production , nice beats , and a decent pace too . All in all , the only things worth your money on disc one are `` The Revolution '' , `` Giving Up the Ghost '' , and `` Love , Peace , and Grease '' . The others you 've either already own or are unbelievably bad . For unintroduced BT fans , tracks like `` Flaming June '' , `` Blue Skies '' and `` Dreaming '' will serve as good jumping points to find his artist albums , but that 's about it.Disc Two : A continuous mix of rarities and remixes done by BT ... `` Tripping The Light Fantastic '' is a great trance tune , works really well as a starter , and keeps the energy going . `` Dreams -LRB- BT 's Circadian Dream -RRB- '' is ok , but feels a bit dated , same with Billie Ray Martin 's `` Running Around Town -LRB- BT 's Shelter Mix -RRB- '' . They keep the groove going , but feel kind of , well ... old!Then it all falls apart . Grace 's famous `` Not Over Yet '' is remixed here , and it is GODAWFUL . I highly recommend the version on `` Rare & Remixed '' , called `` Not Over Yet -LRB- BT 's Spirit of Grace Mix -RRB- , but this version is just bland and boring . A way-too-simple groove underlies Grace 's lyrics and sucks all of the momentum and life out of the song . I could hardly believe that BT did this mix , and that in the liner notes , he called this mix his favourite ! `` Nanita -LRB- A Spanish Lullaby -RRB- '' and `` Stranded '' fail to provide any kind of catchiness or to at least keep the energy level up , I was really surprised at how weak these tunes were . `` The Promethean Groove '' is easily one of the most annoying tunes I 've heard in a LONG time . The high pitched squelches just turned me right off , and they sounded very unoriginal to boot . Even if you 're a fan of that sort of thing -LRB- i.e. Aphex Twin -RRB- , it really is n't done well either , and it totally sticks out like a sore thumb in this mix . We 're literally going from nice pop vocals and boring grooves to ear-piercing and EXTREMELY repetitive tones.A decent tune follows up at least , with `` Anomaly
 One of the worst CDs I have purchased this year ! I highly recommend you spend your $ on Deep Dish or Erick Morillo .
 I 'm sorry but after having heard so much about him , I had a go and checked this CD out . Terrible . The songs are lame , and there is nothing here that jumps out and grabs me . I was expecting a lot more . He must have friends in high places because talent alone did n't get him where he is today .
 His music sucks major big time . It 's the same old lame music over and over & same old filter sound . I am very disappointed about this CD . What a rip off!If you got one BT 's CD , that 's enough . The other CDs all sound the same . Do n't waste your money buying his other CDs . They all sound the same . He just ca n't come up with anything better .
 I bought this cd because I had to refund something at the store for the same price . This quite possibly may be the worst musical selection I have bought.I do n't care if this was a greatest hits collection from BT , many songs that should 've been on here were not . No versions of Mercury and Solace were on this cd , no remixes of Godspeed , Namistai was nowhere to be found , Sunblind is n't here , and I could go on and on . Somewhere in the process of making this compilation , someone had the great idea to put a picture of BT on every other page , followed by an analysis to each song . Fame must have gone to his head to actually go into depth about everything , topping it all off with a picture of him in his limosuine with a terrier . However , I also have problems with the song selection , giving me the impression that the producers thought it more important to put the name of a famous person BT worked with as opposed to quality . Such artists include Tori Amos , Richard Butler , and Madonna , and not surprisingly , most of them are overplayed and the epitome of pop culture.Overall , cd one is ok , except the first 4 songs suck , Blue Skies got old after hearing it too much in 6th grade , Flaming June is edited too much , and Remember can just be found off ESCM or the Hackers soundtrack and you wo n't have to spend 26 bucks on this whole cd . Dreaming and Giving Up The Ghost are the only songs that really stick out on both cds . However , these tunes can be found on the double disc version of Movement in Still Life , which consists of incredible tracks . As for Revolution , this song is a complete copy of Gil Scott Heron 's song . I ca n't listen to it , because the original was by far better and this version plain sucks.As for cd 2 , I was ashamed I owned this cd . Calling Your Name is the only good song , and it is cut short from the original thanks to time constraints.All in all , do n't buy this collection if you do n't have to . If you are a die-hard fan of BT -LRB- not me -RRB- , then buy this album for the rare songs , or so they are called , otherwise stick with ESCM , Movement in Still Life , and Rare and Remixed . At least those cds are grand and do n't have pictures of Brian on every sleeve .
 I did purchase `` Bach and the Italian Influence '' , but when the item arrived it was `` Bach and the French Influence '' . I called Amazon and was told they would have the correct CD to me the following day . However , again , I received `` Bach and the French Influence '' . I called Amazon again . By no fault of Amazon , the item had been packaged incorrectly and I received a full refund of the item . I must admit that the service and demonstrated professionalism by Amazon is unmatched . Again , by no fault of Amazon , there was a mix-up but , by the great lengths taken by Amazon to remedy the situation , I am still a satisfied customer .
 Well , I hate to spoil the party , but I found this CD disapointing at best.The bands are certainly Big , but they sure are n't swinging . I love swing -- but it ai n't here.The sound is flat , flat , flat , as if the bands played at one end of a huge warehouse and the microphone was set up at the opposite end . Most of the performances are a few beats too slow , and the soloists sound uniformly tired.On the other hand , the cover art is repugnant .
 This band 's awesome `` Breakbeat Science Excercise 6 '' is what encouraged me to buy this disc . I love the artwork on the disc itself . However , I live continous DnB mixes , and this had segregated songs . You can tell the duo is trying to branch into new genres , or at least not do just typical DnB . However , since I was in a pure DnB mood with them , I was disappointed . Do n't get me wrong
 Steve Vai is a terrific guitarist , a virtuoso . But this album left me unfulfilled . Not only is this a short album , most of these tunes are sloppy and inconsistent . `` Die to Live '' and `` Kill the Guy WIth the Ball '' are cool jams , but that 's it . If you want to buy a Steve Vai album , get `` Passion and Warfare , '' which is amazing . But on `` Alien Love Secrets , '' Vai does n't know if he wants to be a rock guitarist or a metalhead . Pass on this one .
 I did n't buy the CD - I bought the DVD , which is just a studio shot of the band playing . The track Ya Yo Gakk was funny the first time , and only for a few minutes -LRB- this song features kids I 'm assuming are Vai 's -RRB- . The only track I really liked was Boy from Seattle - but I would n't say it is worth the buy . Flex-Able is a great one though
 Radio station in-house recordings can be hit or miss . The Mountain and others have some really great productions . I wish I had passed on this one . The selections are poor with no production quality .
 Firstly , let 's get one thing straight before you even begin to look more closely
 Firstly , let 's get one thing straight before you even begin to look more closely
 This is a ragtag collection of sides taken from source material of varying quality
 Although it has some excellent moments , `` Missing Piece '' marked the beginning of Gentle Giant 's decline as they headed in a `` pop '' direction
 I already have the `` Playing The Fool/Civilian '' , also issued by BGO , and it 's fine . I also have `` Freehand/Interview '' , which is also fine , except that it seems to miss the last part of the interview at the end of the last track . But they are both decently made and packaged . I would rather have the originals , but nowadays they are not very easy to find.Now , I 've just got this `` The Missing Piece/Giant For A Day '' , and it 's a -LRB- bad -RRB- surprise . The package is ok , but the CD itself - it 's green on the bottom ! It 's a CD-R , unless some company started making CDs in green aluminum without letting anyone know ... So , 1 star less for that , because I 'm not sure about the quality/durability of this disc . Besides , my lame , half-a-star DVD drive on my laptop ca n't read it very well -LRB- it happens with some brands of CD-Rs , so for me this is another evidence that it 's a CD-R -RRB- . I ripped it in another computer to put the music into an mp3 player . You may run into the same trouble if you buy it.Now , regarding the music , it 's cool . Not the coolest giants ' stuff , but it 's cool . `` The Missing Piece '' was the missing piece in my collection , and I regret not having bought it before . Some tracks are actually as good as most of the `` Interview '' tracks . Unfortunately , there 's a horrible pop/crack/whatever in the first track , at 2:43 , and there are some more -LRB- several ones -RRB- , not so bad , but still annoying , in other tracks . It 's hard to believe this is what they could get from the `` original master tapes '' mentioned in the Editorial Review . `` Giant For A Day '' is definitely the weakest of their albums . But it still has its moments , like the title track . It 's worth listening.So , it would be a 3-star for the music , comparing to the rest of their work , but I took one star back because of the quality of media and mastering .
 Missing PieceIt 's a real disappointment . To me GG influenced by New Waive and Punk sounds the same as Bach influenced by Irving Berlin . On top of that , I 've always thought that to be a successful NW group one would need one string , a huge drum and a van big enough to fit it . So it 's not New Wave , it 's a fake , too good a performance . But not all is lost here . As Old As You 're Young is a real GG thing , this one alone is worth buying the record for and if it was the only track on the album I would have given it 5 stars .
 I love that this attempt to milk MLP fans for all their worth comes complete with new artwork on the cover that actually reflects the contents , but seriously , do we need another DVD of the same episodes that are in the box set ? I sincerely doubt it . Although this DVD may be a low cost way to relive some of our cherished childhood it does not justify the expense particularly when most DVDs created today have at least four episodes per disc.Maybe they should have focused on creating new artwork for prints instead of creating new DVDs of the same thing . I do not suggest you buy this item , sell out the cash for a copy of the First Season instead it will save you money .
 My 3yr . old loves My Little Pony , so I bought this DVD ... She asked me to turn it off because it was scary . I also , was disapointed when I got it in the mail and saw that it was made in 1986 and on the descrition it said 2006 .
 Warning to parents
 I do n't know why Superchunk has decided that its songs need to be slathered with keyboards . And Mac has decided that he likes crooning when his excited yelp is a whole lot more fun . This album just does n't have a lot of energy , and that 's something Superchunk used to have in spades . `` Rainy Streets '' and `` Out On The Wing '' rock out nicely . And `` Late-Century Dream '' is an interestingly low-key experiment that actually works . The pedal steel on `` Phone Sex '' is a nifty touch , but the song winds up being a near-miss .
 I loved Superchunk back in the day . Saw them live in the mid-90s and they were amazing . But after `` Foolish '' the energy just seemed to leak out of them until they 've come to this . Alt , indie , rawken role -- whatever its alias -- should never have strings . Period . `` Maturity '' is no excuse for a viola or a cello . If you 've really found maturity , write better lyrics . This is elevator music for indie punkers starting to gray around the temples . Sadly , the `` chunk '' could learn a little something from old punkers like Dead Moon about how getting long in the tooth does n't mean you ca n't still tear it up . For those new to Superchunk , go back and listen to everything from `` No Pocky For Kitty '' to `` Foolish '' . Those were great recordings and they had a good run . Too bad they outran their own legend .
 It 's not that this is a terrible album in concept -LRB- or in title , Here 's to Shutting Up is definitely a favorite for me , if only Fred Durst would make an album like that -RRB- but the album lacks any of the elements that Superchunk is known . This is not to say that they should n't explore new avenues , but this album demonstrates more of a lack of enthusiasm than a need for growth . It starts out ok and credit should be given that the opening track states the new mission state ment with folkier guitars and poppy back ground vocals , but the back is missing something . Even when they return to puchy guitar style of old they lack something vital . I suppose that if I ca n't put my finger on exactly what 's missing , than it would be unfair for me to expect Superchunk to , but I still found myself growing increasingly bored as the album played itself out .
 Do I also hear some keyboard on some songs ? Except for PERE UBU , SCREAMERS and I REFUSE IT ! -LRB- Italy , early 80 's -RRB- , I can barely stand any keyboard in any rock . Course , I 'm not sure how much this is rock any more . That nice indie rock sound they had is mostly gone . Nice album title . Fancy packaging but silly/pointless cover art which usually is n't much of an issue for me . This is almost like a different band . In the early to mid 90 's they did albums with wonderful dual guitars , fun dual vocals and a driving sound to well written songs . Not this stuff . This is paisley , soft , nice , mostly calm . No thanks . This is apparently their most recent album , done in 2001 . They start to stretch out musically and turn into something too delicate , man , that keyboard just do n't work for me . I 'll mindlessly listen to this one a bit but , heck , when those other 5 great albums exist , why would I ? Ok , maybe it 's nice for when I 'm in a more quiet mood . Their great albums are incidental music , foolish , no pocky for kitty , on the mouth and indoor living . Two or three powerful songs but not particularly well written , goin ' nowhere musically . This is so grown up . So long man . chrisbct@hotmail.com
 Get some of the biggest remixers in the clubs to remix dance classix for a continuous mix . Sounds great . But what you get here are uninspired soft house mixes that are most often not half as interesting as the original mixes . We 're talking long harmonica solos and organ riffs . Yes , I 'll admit that this is n't my taste in music , but realistically , with the DJs participating , there is a specific audience expecting a specific sound . The junior mix of Another Man sounds nothing like a junior mix . It 's mostly funk disco . Ralphi Rosario also goes soft disco house with his Linda Clifford track ... and he 's done some slammin tracks with her previously . Angel Moraes manages to capture his trademark dark sound on his mix of Work That Body . Two mixes of Ressurect Me are included from the CD single , but the second mix is more energetic-but nothing like your typical Hex Hector mix . The final Junior mix is another disco track that is not what fans expect from junior , but then again , it 's called the `` discoverse '' mix . Having said all that , if you are a lover of disco house , funk house , and soulful house , this is probably a great investment you will love ... you wo n't be getting the hardhouse sounds you despise from most of these remixers . Plus , you get pretty long mixes of each song . Times are :1 . Thank You -LRB- 6:56 -RRB- 2 . Kinf of Life -LRB- 6:20 -RRB- 3 . Another Man -LRB- 7:07 -RRB- 4 . Changin -LRB- 6:23 -RRB- 5 . Ressurect Me -LRB- 7:53 -RRB- 6 . Heatbeat -LRB- 8:07 -RRB- 7 . Work That Body -LRB- 6:54 -RRB- 8 . Give Your Body Up -LRB- 6:37 -RRB- 9 . Ressurect me -LRB- 6:55 -RRB- 10 . Let 's go Dancin -LRB- 6:32 -RRB-
 Get some of the biggest remixers in the clubs to remix dance classix for a continuous mix . Sounds great . But what you get here are uninspired soft house mixes that are most often not half as interesting as the original mixes . We 're talking long harmonica solos and organ riffs . Yes , I 'll admit that this is n't my taste in music , but realistically , with the DJs participating , there is a specific audience expecting a specific sound . The junior mix of Another Man sounds nothing like a junior mix . It 's mostly funk disco . Ralphi Rosario also goes soft disco house with his Linda Clifford track ... and he 's done some slammin tracks with her previously . Angel Moraes manages to capture his trademark dark sound on his mix of Work That Body . Two mixes of Ressurect Me are included from the CD single , but the second mix is more energetic-but nothing like your typical Hex Hector mix . The final Junior mix is another disco track that is not what fans expect from junior , but then again , it 's called the `` discoverse '' mix . Having said all that , if you are a lover of disco house , funk house , and soulful house , this is probably a great investment you will love ... you wo n't be getting the hardhouse sounds you despise from most of these remixers . Plus , you get pretty long mixes of each song . Times are :1 . Thank You -LRB- 6:56 -RRB- 2 . Kinf of Life -LRB- 6:20 -RRB- 3 . Another Man -LRB- 7:07 -RRB- 4 . Changin -LRB- 6:23 -RRB- 5 . Ressurect Me -LRB- 7:53 -RRB- 6 . Heatbeat -LRB- 8:07 -RRB- 7 . Work That Body -LRB- 6:54 -RRB- 8 . Give Your Body Up -LRB- 6:37 -RRB- 9 . Ressurect me -LRB- 6:55 -RRB- 10 . Let 's go Dancin -LRB- 6:32 -RRB-
 I like Mandy Moore . `` I Wan na Be With You '' -LRB- IMO -RRB- is one of the best teen-pop ballads rivaling Christina 's `` Beautiful '' . Her self-titled album `` Mandy Moore '' was fun Pop-music with real creativity . And `` Coverage '' was really an album showing a more mature direction that Mandy decided to take . But this collection of songs was a last attempt for this music label to make money before she moves to another label . She did n't want to release this ; but what can you do ? Well do n't support this obvious cash-in . Other than her self-titled album and `` Coverage it 's also worth checking into `` A Walk to Remember '' soundtrack . I ca n't wait to see what Mandy does next .
 I would buy this album if it was under WB/Sire . This is just a good example on how record companies cash in on an artist that has left their label . Mandy is no longer with Sony , so I do n't think I 'll be buying this album . It 's just a good example of them trying to cash in on her success . I rate it 1 star because of the record company releasing it , not because of Mandy . She has a wonderful voice and amazing talent , but she 's not promoting this album , and neither will I buy it if it 's not being backed by her .
 1 Candy2 Walk Me Home3 So Real4 I Wan na Be With You5 In My Pocket6 Crush7 Cry8 Only Hope9 Have A Little Faith In Me10 Can We Still Be Friends11 Senses Working Overtime12 I Feel The Earth Move13 Top Of The World14 Secret LoveAlthough her only singles were1 Candy2 In My Pocket3 So Real4 Crank It Up -LRB- feat . Jessica Simpson , Allure , and C Note -RRB- 5 I Wan na Be With You6 Crush7 Cry8 Have A Little Faith In MeHmm ... I think they went a little overboard and included non-hits in this collection . Maybe Mandy should n't of ended her career . Maybe , she did n't deserve a greatest hits album . But , somethings wrong . 8 CD singles and 14 tracks on this CD . Plus , it would have also been nice to add new songs . Also , it would have been really cool to add Crank It Up .
 In 2003 , actress/pop starlet Mandy Moore stunned the musical world by releasing a solid , mature covers album -- wow , it was , like , so different from the forgettable bubblegum she had released in order to get her foot in the door . That makes `` Best Of '' a deceptive title for this tepid gooey collection.The first several tracks are the aforementioned bubblegum , generally cloying pop tunes that express teen longing and adoration , such as `` Candy '' and `` Walk Me Home . '' The fluffiness of these songs is not helped by Moore 's vocals -- while she has a good voice , she sounds very young in the early songs . A few soundtrack songs are tacked in , such as the competant `` Only Hope '' -LRB- from her screen debut `` A Walk To Remember '' -RRB- and pleasant `` Secret Love '' -LRB- from `` Mona Lisa Smile '' -RRB- . But things perk up when Moore 's `` Coverage '' songs come on -- she sounds smoother , more assured , and far more mature . The songs are covers of songs by Todd Rundgren -LRB- `` Can We Still Be Friends ? '' -RRB- , XTC -LRB- `` Senses Working Overtime '' -RRB- , Carly Simon -LRB- `` I Feel The Earth Move '' -RRB- and Joe Cocker -LRB- `` Have a Little Faith In Me . '' She retains the `` feel '' of the original , while shifting her vocals from mellow to rock-ish , depending on what the song needs.Moore is a good singer , there 's no question about that -- she has some very good musical taste and vocal talent , and she does justice to the songs she covers . But unfortunately this collection appears to be a last minute cash in , since she left Sony in the past year . At least `` Best Of '' shows just how much Moore has grown as a singer.The early pop is virtually unlistenable -- as sugary and lightweight as a giant wad of cotton candy , with songwriting that could have been churned out of the Big Generic Love Song Machine . And while Moore did not make the songs on the second half , she chose well-written classic rock and pop songs by respected musicians.Moore 's vocals also grow up in the most recent songs . In songs like `` Candy '' and `` Crush , '' she sounds like what she was -- a teenage girl whose voice had n't fully matured yet . But in the most recent songs , Moore 's voice has a richer sound and wider range . And she puts plenty of passion into her vocal delivery , something that is definitely lacking in the early songs . Since Moore reportedly detests her first few CDs , it 's not surprising . `` Best Of '' is definitely a lie . While it has a few tracks of Mandy Moore 's that are well-done , the main focus is on the gooey love ballads done years ago . Here 's hoping that a few albums down the road , Moore can put out a true `` Best Of '' album .
 I am a fan , but this is not Mullen 's best work . She is trying to be too different on this one , when a good Christmas CD simply relies on the tried and true classics .
 Oh , man were we disappointed with this & we really enjoy N.C. Mullens ' work/offerings . A bit too secular and the other pieces were just off - did n't really `` wow '' us as her other CD 's have ?
 The comparisons to Will Oldham and Nick Drake in various reviews , including the editorial , got me hooked as I really like their work . Having listened to the album I am underwhelmed and feel that the reviews were very misleading . Where are your heads at ? He is not like them at all ! Iron & Wine is far more naieve and sentimental in a sincere singer-songwriter sort of way . In fact he is more reminiscent of Irish troubadour David Kitt , which is fine if you are into that sort of thing , but he is no Will Oldham . If you are a fan of the latter - approach with caution - have a listen to it before you proceed to checkout ! It is unfortunate as I will be much slower in future to take a flyer on new artists on the basis of Amazon reviews .
 I picked this one up after reading some glowing reviews on Pitchfork and Amazon . Well , it just goes to show you that Pitchfork ca n't always be trusted ... this music is simply boring , folky music that puts me into a coma every time I try and listen to it in it 's entirety . I 'll admit that he has a gorgeous , rich voice , but the production is so lo-fi that I can barely make out half of the material , and the music itself is dull and monotnous . All I could think of listening to him was that he sounded like Jack Johnson , which is NOT a compliment , sitting in some liberal arts college quad strumming mediocre folk songs about peace and love on his guitar . I can not for the life of me understand why this album is praised so highly . Too bad ... I was really looking foward to hearing it the first time around .
 This CD is certainly inoffensive , but hardly justifies the too-fulsome praise it has garnered here and elsewhere . Think `` O Brother Where Art Thou '' / Uncle Tupelo , but a lot slower and less interesting . As a co-worker/co-music critic suggested , it is perfect for lying in bed and reading , trying to fall asleep . Otherwise really not worth it .
 I bought this album after reading all the reviews here figuring this is right up my alley . I mean I love acoustic Dylan , early Bruce Cockburn , Nick Drake , all of that . How could I not like this ? Maybe because it 's mind-numbingly boring and tedious ? Also perhaps because the lyrics are often half-baked and meaningless ? If I 'm ever brain damaged in an accident I will instruct my wife to play this cd when I become agitated ; I believe I will be much more receptive to the `` genius '' so many people here admire . But as I am now in full potential of my critical faculties I have about 500 other cd 's more worthy than this .
 This CD got the record for the quickest play in my cd player . I pretty much hated this CD right from the beginning . If you are looking for something to put you to sleep at night then this is the one for you . It seemed like Sam Beam kept playing the same chords over and over again for every song . I also found his lyrics to be a little outlandish at times . I actually read a review that put him in the same category as Elliot Smith . That is so far from the truth . Do not fall for that trap . I am glad that I actually downloaded all of the songs before I purchased this CD . I would n't have been this easy with my review if I actually paid for this album . Iron and Wine should be named Iron and 3 bottles of wine because you need to be drunk to listen to this .
 Hard to enjoy the music when the sound quality is so so bad . Very limited dynamic range and bandwidth and poor resolution of details , even for a home 4-track recording . Has been compared to Nick Drake but even his recordings from 40 years ago allow the emotion to come through unlike this one that is limited by poor production .
 Many of the songs are real obscure recording . Most are the B side of her hits . Although she ca n't do much wrong , skip this one .
 No need to waste money on this special edition . If you already have Dragontown , save your money . `` Clowns will eat me '' is a good song but not worth $ 15 . The `` Brutal Planet '' remix is garbage . Stick with the original .
 worst lp of his career , sorry metal alice fans -LRB- and i love metal -RRB- but not alice metal . wtmn II is great .
 After hearing the great work Alice did with a new deeper metal sound on Brutal Planet , i was hoping this album would deliver just as well . But IMO it failed ! Only a handful of songs I think were good ! It does contain a great , and one of my fav Alice songs , called `` Fantasy Man '' which is something i feel i can relate to , and found to be a great song . Alice slows down a notch and does another slow song called `` Every Woman Has A Name '' which seems to be a song about Alice lost a dear friend or something ? I 'm not sure , but its a nice little number ! `` DiscrgraceLand '' is Alice singing a bit like Elvis as a. . . well , i would n't call it a tribute , its like Elvis has gone to hell and Alice has sung about it!I really only liked about 4 of the 12 songs on this album.The rest were very disappointing IMO ... . It is my second least fav album by Alice.This Album just did n't appeal to me and lacked that classic quality that Alice adds to any form of Rock N Roll . It just did n't shine through on this one!EDIT 6 Years later
 Alice 's vocal performance on this album is great , as are the lyrics . But the music is very dull , incorporating way too much Industrial-style influences and simple mashing of one-note power chords . This is one of only 2 or 3 Cooper albums I do n't like .
 I felt overall the music had entirely too much electronic effects and dramaticism -LRB- if that 's a word -RRB- . I absolutely loved track 2 . Very moving and patriotic . But the rest was not my taste . Too many songs sounded like a production for dramatic effect .
 Another reviewer wrote that this album is great `` massage music '' and is therefore compatible with a state of relaxation . And I sadly have to agree ! If you 're looking for energetic and rousing battle songs that testify to the courage of the ancient Scots , you 're definitely NOT going to find it here . These songs are utterly lacking in energy and inspiration . It seems the New Age movement has emasculated even our proudest memories of ancient courage and valor.This album is an insult to the memory of the brave kinsmen who struggled against many worthy adversaries to achieve dignity and freedom . The lyrics reflect little more than self pity , and the music could not stand alone without the vocals as most of the `` songs '' do not even have a strong melody by themselves.I was expecting some rousing music such as that found in the old tune called `` Men of Harlech '' , a famous Welsh song that has been rewritten time and time again to inspire Her Majesty 's warriors on to battle , as in the movie `` Zulu '' , for example.So if you want some bland bedtime music buy this album , but if you want to be inspired with the glories of Scotland , look elsewhere .
 As strange as it may sound as minister for health in rural Australia , I was asked to reduce the number of h.i.v infections in the region I represent . I asked my Canadian counterparts for advise and they were only to happy to send me over 1000 `` educational kits '' related to being sexually and globally educated . Inside each kit was a condom and compact disc of the band Propagandhi with the title being `` Less Talk More Rock . `` Now perhaps I should back up here a bit . This part of Australia only recently got television -LRB- black and white -RRB- . Most people here do n't know what a compact disc is , and the brief instructions in the educational kit said `` enjoy some music while having safe sex . `` The problem with good ideas from elitists is that the simple folk in nowhereville , Australia stretched the condom between two fence posts to make a twanging sound they could hum too , and awkwardly the males placed the compact disc on their genitals to prevent conception . Mr Cooper of Wagga said '' My god this makes a good contraceptive , feels like i 'm having sex with a carrot grater . '' Other men were badly cut up , with doctors seeming to have the giggles when certain patients said they had actually forced themselves through the round window . It was however these doctors who informed the population that the condom was not the musical instrument and that in fact there were machines that could produce music when the compact disc was inserted into such a device . At first this all seemed like more Canadian bull , but in time the population were introduced to music produced by a compact disc and the rather more comfortable condom . However yet another problem was to occur . This was summed up by Mrs Winterbottom a sprightly 72 year old from Burke -LRB- Central New South Wales -RRB- she says , '' I was all ready for bit of romance and so was me husband . We had just set up our compact disc player to fill the room with joy full glory to the lord when on come the most unholy racket . Lyrics about men having you know what with other men , and all this talk about how to make money out of investing in oil ... . Well this sort of nonsense may be for all those fruitcakes in Sydney , constantly dressing up in wigs and underwear and wondering which toilet they should use , but here in the country we have standards ! `` Regretfully my constituents have spoken , and we are sending the kits off to New Zealand who we are also selling our black and white televisions too , as we update to colour.Regards minister for health Mr. Snicko
 This work sounds like it was recorded in the mildewy basement of an anemic whining limp-wristed flake who ca n't even play an instrument properly . The people responsible for this hideous affair should be locked in a deep dank closet and forced to read The Complete Works of Joseph Stalin by candlelight until their whimpering ceases . Do not buy this CD , unless you want others to do your thinking for you , which supposedly is what the `` bARTIST '' is trying to get you to avoid . I have yet to hear such a juvenile and immature piece masquerading as a serious piece of work . After listening to it , I resisted the temptation to smash it against the wall , or to mail it back to the artist C.O.D. Instead , I threw away the case and gave the CD to my two year old son to play with . He likes bright shiny things of no actual substance that he can take outside and play with in the dirt . Save your money for something with more clarity and maturity .
 No one should have this much belief , when they do they begin to contradict themselves . Like in that `` stop consuming animals '' song they talk about killing humans but we ca n't kill any stupid animals.And the whole gay thing , I mean woopee . When I hear a hetero love song I never hear all that `` receiving end '' metaphor.And the whole punk thing , I just do n't get what they think they 're doing . They 're never really talented and they never make much progression with their music . Not like some good indie bands like Placebo and Cooper Temple Clause.No thanks
 this cd is lame for a few reasons 1 -RRB- the music is week no real strong song nothing stands out as good the music is basicly watterd downed NOFX 2 -RRB- they seem to be more about talking then rocking IE it seems there not a band just an activist group that plays instruments 3 -RRB- they dont eat meat ... . i guess what im trying to say is regardless of thier views they seem more about sending a message then making good music ... oh yea ps they said if you can make a case for eating meat you can make a case for lycnhing black people ... rock on propaghandi !
 I found this movie looking thru new music concert videos . Somehow by the picture I dont think this is about music .
 After buying a BIG BAD VODOO DADDY cd this was nothing . If you want swing get a BBVD cd and hold on tight .
 After buying a BIG BAD VODOO DADDY cd this was nothing . If you want swing get a BBVD cd and hold on tight .
 I agree with the two previous reviewers . This is indeed horrendous fake swing that does n't hold a candle to the original masters . It is also GRATE -LRB- not great -RRB- modern swing !
 These losers have a brain-dead idea . They trot out the old Swing/Jump sound of the '30s , then figure that in order to update it for the '90s , they 'd better add some downer lyrics and foul language . This is the modern '90s idea of fun , I guess.No thanks . If I want to listen to Swing , I 'll stick with the original masters . Do yourself a favor and buy a Duke Ellington , Fletcher Henderson , or even a Louis Prima CD , and you 'll see how lame these neo-Swing pretenders are .
 The swingin ' sounds on this may rock , but the swingin ' words on Zoot Suit Riot are simply awful . Abuse and swing just do n't go together ... this stuff is supposed to be FUN , not miserable . Go listen to the Squirrel Nut Zippers or Brian Setzer Orchestra instead .
 There 's one - yes , count them , one - good song that I 've heard on this album , and that 's Zoot Suit Riot . I say `` that I 've heard '' because I gave up on this album halfway through it - it was getting that bad ! There may be other good songs towards the end , but I 'm too shaken by what I heard in the middle of the CD to try to find them ... If you 're really into swing music , you might like this , but I could n't stand it .
 If you like this type of music , the Brian Setzer Orchestra is much better
 This album was good for music quality but the lyrics were at times foul . There has been a lack of new musical ideas , everyone is trying to make it on shock value and pushing the envelope of social acceptability . People are tired of being screamed at and assulted by `` music '' and that has helped the resurgance of music such as swing . The Cherry Popin Daddies have taken the revival and put some tasteless lyrics to add the 90 's garbage influence . I played this CD one time and took it to the local store and sold it .
 This CD i bought because of Zoot Suit Riot . That was the only song i had heard prior to buying the CD . THe other songs I liked were Dr. Bones and Master abd Slave . This CD caught me by supprise with how bad it was . If you are looking for a good CD this ai n't it .
 Stupid , lewd lyrics coupled with songs that use on average 8 or 9 instruments and still manage not to be rich . `` Zoot Suit Riot '' is ok , but the album just went downhill from there . `` Here comes the snake '' , for example , is one of the most disgusting things I have ever heard.I do not scorn all modern rock . I am 14 , and like modern rock as much as the next teenager . I 'm not one of those classical-music-loving kids who thinks that everything made after 1900 is n't worth listening to . But this CD is n't . Do n't buy it unless you feel like throwing up . And if you want good ska , try Big Bad Voodoo Daddy .
 I 've been swinging for about a year now and I 've heard Zoot Suit Riot so many times I figured that I should buy the album thinking that the rest of it is really good too . BIG MISTAKE . This is your typical one song album . You see , the CPD used to be a ska band until the swing revival and then they jumped on the bandwagon to cash in . The whole album is just a compilation from their two past albums , really making this album a ska album . The lyrics are horrible , the songs are n't even swing songs , and the album will give you a headache . If you are into ska , by all means , buy this album . However , by swing standards this album is as bad as you can get . If you are n't into ska , do yourself a favor by not buying this album and by getting a real swing album .
 If you 're the type that thinks swing dance belongs on the same radio station that plays the top ten Billboard , and/or If you like jazz but do n't know who Duke Ellington , Benny Goodman and Count Basie are , get this!If it 's so good , why are so many people selling it used ??? No offense to the band , but there are many , many better albums -LRB- and bands -RRB- out there that are * so * much better . Granted , some of these songs are catchy , this would be my last pick for this type of music . Closer ? Big Bad voodoo daddy and Setzer . Even more ? Indigo Swing and Rhythm rockets . Ray Gelato . Lavay Smith . Steve Lucky & Rhumba Bums . Want to really get closer to jazz and / or swing ? check those out first . Closer ? Look into the real evolution of swing dance . But please do n't look here and start on the wrong foot .
 These guys are a ska band , not a swing band . It shows . You listen to their horn arrangements , and they sound like bad rips offs of the 30s style . Listen to how they try to swing - it sounds mechanical , forced . How on earth can one listen to this and enjoy it ? How can one dance to this ? It just does n't work.Maybe their ska is okay , but their swing is sickening
 The name of the band shoulda warned me , but it really did n't sink in until I started to listen and read the lyrics . I really do n't understand why they have to use such foul language and subject matter . It completely takes away from the enjoyment of the music , which is n't bad . And Steve Perry 's voice certainly is n't anything to write home about . In fact this album would have been perfect if it was an instrumental . And it is a shame , because the music is pretty good . The only thing that stopped me from giving it one star , was for the fact that Kenny G does n't play on it . That alone bumps it up to 2 stars .
 Album had some high musicianship points BUT the songs sound the same , the lyrics are juvinile , and there is just has no originality . They are basically a strong cover band re-doing things that were done 50 years ago only not as good . Likely a great band to see live and dance too but too repetetive and un-original for CD . If you really want to Swing , with lyrics pick up some Louis Jordan from the late 50 's . He was a great song writer , lyricist -LRB- catchy , entertaining , pure -RRB- , and alto saxaphonist . Also go for some Duke Ellington or Count Basie .
 Just not a very good album . Rather than creating new music that lives and breathes -LRB- like the Squirrel Nut Zippers -RRB- , CPD just photocopy a style they like .
 Most swing music that I own has some sort of originality . This does not . The songs are so repetitive it makes me want to vomit . I thought these guys were a ska band anyways . Why all of the sudden are they swing ? If you want some real swing goodness , try the old school big band stuff from the 40 's , or buy an album from The Mighty Blue Kings , Indigo Swing , or the Squirrel Nut Zippers . When listening to this CD you can just hear the trendy vocals and lyrics , creating a sound that not only is a disgrace to the uprise of swing , but it has no soul at all , and stirs no emotion in the listener . Lame , lame , lame .
 I bought this cd after hearing the title song for the hundreth time on the radio , thinking maybe the whole cd would be as good . Boy , was I wrong . I would return it if Amazon would take an opened cd back !
 The CPD is one of the bands trying to bring back the swing craze . They have two good songs on their CD -LRB- the rest are not all that great -RRB- and two songs ca n't make one whole CD great . If you are desperate for only two songs , I suggest that you buy the singles or listen to a friend 's CD . This is not an all around great CD . You want some good swing , go buy the Big Bad Vodoo Dady 's CD . They can play better , and all of their songs are good . Beat that Cherry Poppin ' Daddies . Do NOT buy this CD !!!!!
 Not really all that good . And , the language used could be better . Not a keeper ... Sorry .
 This CD blows so much Goat Sac I ca n't stand listening to songs that have no point like `` Pink Elephant . '' This CD loses its pizazz after about the 3rd time listening to Track 1 . What hateful B.S.
 Most of the people criticizing this album are taking issue over CPD 's mean-spirited lyrics , as if this is a 90s defamation of innocent swing -LRB- oh , and `` Mack the Knife '' and `` Her Tears Flowed Like Wine '' were such cuddly tunes -RRB- . But CPD has another reason to be criticized
 I had high hopes after reading the reviews , but I really regret wasting my money . If I want to hear about fathers beating their children and the kids ' painful begging not to be hit with that thing in your hand , Daddy , I will meet with my clients . Word-pictures to let us all in on how it feels to be abused by a parent is not , IMHO , appropriate lyrics for the wonderful fun I have dancing to Swing . Stick with the classics . Do n't let depressed people or children near this . I even hesitate taking it to a CD reseller .
 After listening to ` Zoot Suit Riot ' on the radio , I bought this and two other Cherry Poppin Daddies CD 's , wanting to support any neo-swing band . Unfortunately , the CPD was nothing like I had hoped for . First of all , ` Zoot Suit Riot ' is a great song , but the rest of the album sounds nothing like it . As you go through the album , you can hear how the lead singer changed his voice for ZSR to get that jazzy sound . His real voice , heard in most of the other tracks , is squeaky , and quite annoying , to me . You might be interested to find out that the CPD were originally a ska-type band , but with the lead singer 's voice , not a great one . Those who 've listened to older swing will be very disappointed with this album , it 's like a tourist 's version of the music . It sounds like a bunch of guys just trying to sound like a swing band , but they just do n't have it . Get the ZSR single instead , and most of all , do n't waste your money buying their former albums -- it 's not neo swing .
 I did n't pay attention to the reviews , sigh . I tossed the cd . The music may be good , but the concept is creepy . I glad for my naivete , this is n't the sophistication that I want to embrace .
 I love swing revival music , but my exposure to various groups has been limited . I bought this as a `` buy it together '' with another CD , listened to four songs , and turned it off . I wo n't listen to it again . The themes of the songs are sex-charged and the language vulgar . I guess I should have known by the title , `` Cherry Poppin ' Daddies , '' but I was thinking more along the lines `` poppin ' = jivin ' '' rather than it having a sexual connotation . Shows how out of the loop I am , I guess . Some people would probably love this CD , but as a Christian , I 'm offended by the themes and the language . There was a low-class knock on God , too , and that was the end of the CD for me .
 The rough vocal style and raunchy lyrics in this album are more typical of blues than swing , and if that 's what you like , fine . The musical composition is more upbeat and genre-defying than stereotypical blues riffs , but if you were expecting to hear swing music , you 'll be sorely disappointed . Give me Benny Goodman any day .
 all the songs sound the same .
 I 've got to give props to the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies for starting the swing revival . But for anyone out there who is just starting into the swing scene this is deffinitely not IT ! Yes , there is a lot more to swing than just `` Zoot Suit Riot '' and `` Jump , Jive , An ' Wail '' I suggest trying Blues Jumpers and Colin James . Listen to some of this stuff and you will realize that Zoot Suit Riot is nothing but a song for banwagon swingers .
 I think that it is absurd that the Cherry Poppin Daddies feel the need to swear though out their album . Swing lyrics are supposed to be fun , light hearted , and make fun of the times both today and of yester-year . I wrote them off my swing list until they can clean up their act - it is a shame because they have a real tight horn section .
 The instrumentals and musicianship itself are great , but the lyrics make this hard to listen to . The vocals are either overdone or over the top . If this had been just an instrumental release it would have been great ! This simply is n't fun to listen to . You want fun interesting music and good lyrics , check out Brian Setzer and The Big Bad Voodoo Daddies .
 This is n't really that great at all !! I do n't know what you people were listening to , but it sucked . I brought it back that day and said it was all messed up and got a different CD . This is a 90 's rip off of swing style/big band music .
 Listen up all you people who think you know swing . This ai n't nothin ' ! This is n't swing , this is something I do n't know with a name attached to it . You want some REAL swing try the classics , the real thing , like Benny Goodman , Glenn Miller , Gene Krupa , Artie Shaw , listen to them ! the real thing ! This is just a modern excuse for music .
 Next to the REAL genuises of Swing music -LRB- Count Basie , Duke Ellington , Bennie Goodman , Louis Prima , and even Glenn Miller -RRB- , these guys look like the foul-mouthed wannabes from the other side of the tracks.I really like the Swing revival -LRB- and yes , the word is correctly capitalized -RRB- . Some of the bands are fantastic , and I especially like Brian Setzer 's great Orchestra . But Cherry Poppin ' Daddies are a black mark on Swing music . Lest some of you younger folks think that Swing music originated in this decade , please do yourselves a favor and check out the big band stuff of the '30s and '40s . If you think big band music of yesteryear equals Lawrence Welk , think again . In terms of compositional style , musicianship , and just plain fun hot tunes , you ca n't beat the originals .
 Well , like always when records are n't selling good , we have to recycle old crap again to a whole new generation of listeners . The music is ok for what it 's trying to do . However , i could of sworn i heard the exact same beats on my grandpa 's old records . The lyrics are stupid , pointless , and most of it is talking about sex , to get the listeners attention . All in all , this is BORING . Not inovative AT ALL . Furthermore , all the songs sound the same . It 's like listening to an hour of the same weak beat , with a guy mumbling over lines . I 'll never shop at the GAP again becuase I know that they are the biggest reason for this `` craze '' . Without that commercial this band -LRB- And all other swing bands -RRB- would probably be playing shock rock dressed in drag , or whatever else sells albums these day.P.S . Di d I menion I would n't of given this cd 1 star if i had the choice ?
 I was majorly disappointed with the lyrics . Call me fickle if you will but , the sexual overtones in the lyrics were just too blatant . Swing to me has always been a refuge away from this . If I want to hear music about sex and such , I listen to rock , it 's expected there . However , the music is first rate with tight rythms and wonderful horns . Peace ...
 Then check out Big Bad Voodoo Daddy . I picked this up because of Zoot Suit Riot . The vocals are weak and somewhat whiny and the lyrics are lame . The only thing saving this disaster disc from the lowest rating is the music . This band can play ! Unfortunately , I just ca n't get past the vocals and lyrics to listen to it and enjoy the instruments . If you want a cheap copy of this , check the shoulder off of I-405 , that 's where I 've tossed mine . Seriously , for the complete package , do yourself a favor and check out BBVD !
 This album is very repetitive , that sums it all up . Every other type of music has changed at least a bit , it has been 60 years since swing came around . Guess what ? It sounds exactly the same on this album as it always has . BORING !
 Zoot Suit Riot is great . The rest almost put me to sleep . I liked Setzer 's CD a lot more .
 As a huge fan of swing , I was really excited to get this album , but as soon as I got past Zoot Suit Riot , which is an incredible song , I was instantly disappointed . Other than Zoot Suit Riot , the rest of the album just does n't have the swing and fun of that one song . It 's not a bad album , but it certainly is n't good either .
 They 're reissuing this ? Why ? This was a half-baked collection of out-takes . Sometimes the songs cut off mid-way . Of all the Rahsaan albums I have , I never listen to this one , and was n't surprised that it was no longer available . There are so many good original Rahsaan disks out there , as well as good anthologies , this one just adds nothing to what you already know . Even if you 're a beginner , get the Mercury Recordings or something better than this .
 I have just listened to the album and it is the worst recording I haveever heard ! It sounds like Willie and his band are being recorded in awell!In conjunction with not stating that it was recorded `` Live '' , yourreviewer , Stephen Middlemas , states
 Not a single well-known song by Glen Campbell , just a bunch of unknowns . Very disappointing considering the album is titled `` Platinum . '' Did n't even listen to it .
 Grrrr . `` This is a spoken word product and contains no original music by the artist . It is not authorised by the artist , their record company or management . '' You can read more about why this is lame on the White Stripes official website . This sort of parasite production creates bitterness in the music industry and disappointment in true fans . I should have known that I was not ordering some unknown gem of previously unreleased White Stripes music . Unless this is your sort of thing I would recommend giving it a miss .
 When I purchased the cd , there was n't a very good description , so I thought it was songs not previously released by The White Stripes . The description that there was described the cd as a cd by The White Stripes , well , it was n't . It is a spoken word album . Not worth the time or money I spent on it .
 I 'm sorry to say I ca n't recommend this album . Due Mondi is the only piece in it that is good and it can be found in other collections of his work .
 Aside from the radio friendly unit shifter `` Little Razorblade , '' and the impossible hit `` Hollywood Fix ... '' this album has all the aural charm of a cat in heat . Not only have they been able to make it more embarrassing to be pseudo-punk , -LRB- better known as `` emo , '' -RRB- they 've managed to put a blemish on the face of low-fi as well . That 's right . This is a digital recording with a vinyl-esque treatment all the way through . Every song has static and pops throughout all tracks . -LRB- I have thirty year-old records that sound better than this CD ! -RRB- Chiming in at a lean 29 minutes and 59 seconds , this album manages the feat of being able to offend the consumer just by being itself . Also , lyrics such as
 However , only 1 track is worthy of consideration from music fans wanting something other than banal howls
 This is hands down the worst digital transfer I 've ever heard of this material ! It 's got an astonishing amount of high-end distortion that has absolutely nothing to do with the 78s themselves , and will be torture for any dogs in your neighborhood . I 've heard very low-grade copies of these 78s that sound better than this CD . The first few songs are pretty much unbearable even if you turn the treble all the way down . As the program goes on the poor transfer is still in evidence , but it 's not quite as horrifying.If you have the slightest interest in this material , try the single-disc comps on Phonodor or Jazz Archives instead . They 're not as extensive , of course , but the music 's clear and clean .
 This CD set is particularly disappointing . The music contained on these CD 's is essential Ellington , however , the the surface noice -LRB- crackle , hiss , pops -RRB- is so horrible that this set is unlistenable.Hopefully this important music will be re-mastered and properly re-issued without all the noise . I simply can not listen to it this way . For now , opt for the OKeh set , which is contains an equally important collection of Ellingtonia , and is nicely transferred to CD .
 Many people have posted on various discussion boards wondering if this is the Christian pop sisters group AURORA . IT IS NOT ! ...
 I got hooked on country through Lonestar , have all their albums , and of course expanded my so limited country music experience , by listening to lots of different artists . Could not wait to get the newest Lonestar , but I am not sure who I listend to just now , the only song that sounded like the group I liked , is the title `` I am already there '' , seems to me the guys are trying to be to much Rock and Roll rather than sticking with the old familiar sound , new is good but not always best . I am for one am disappointed , this is not one CD that I will be playing over and over again . Do n't know which direction their going but hope they come back .
 Lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . I 'm Already There and Not A Day Goes By suffers from `` Amazed '' syndrome . Amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every '80s heavy metal band power ballad . Did they listen to Monster Ballads 2 too much while making this album in Nashville ? I 'm Already There comes off as very Diane Warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . Their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . These songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this .
 I am listening to `` Lone Star '' As I am typing this.The band I am hearing has nothing to do with what I am seeing on this web site . What gives ?? Are these guys ripping off a band that pioneered hard rock when no body else had the balls to do it ??
 I will summarize the album , quickly . Not country . Not at all.It seems like Lonestar went downhill , after their debut album , hit the stores , back in 1995 . Their sound was non-consistent , as was the way they dressed.I gave this album 3 or 4 listens -LRB- ca n't really remember -RRB- , and I can say that there are 2 great songs . `` I 'm Already There -LRB- though it reeks of Amazed -RRB- and `` Without You '' ; which is one of my favorite Lonestar songs . Had these songs been included on their last album , it would have been a whole lot better.My advice to anyone who is thinking about purchasing the album - ... Do n't put money in this 80 's rock-band-wannabe group .
 THE ITEM WAS DELIVERED TO ME IN VINYL FORM AND I CHOSE CD . DONT OWN A RECORD PLAYER.ALL THE REST OF MY PURCHASES WERE RIGHT .
 Good god ! All the songs sound exactly the same ! Is this dude related to the guys in AC/DC or something ? GONG !!!! NEXT !!
 1st of all let me say I think Ian is a real talent . Unfortunately , he diverted too far from his natural style here . I suppose he was trying to get air play and feed his pocketbock . I do n't blame him , although his real talent does not come through here . He probably agrees as well . I bought this because I like most of his stuff . Glad this was n't my 1st Ian Matthews purchase because I would n't have bought his other great material . Ian , stay where your roots are because that 's where your love of music come through best and where you really shine . thx , for the effort . LOL , Skip
 Good god ! All the songs sound exactly the same ! Is this dude related to the guys in AC/DC or something ? GONG !!!! NEXT !!
 Workshy has long been my favourite , unfortunately this album just does not quite cut it . One thing that I could definitely notice was that they had gave the horn section the boot as featured in some cool songs they included in the Soul Love album . The pace is really slow and the album never picks up . The songs are played with much of the same instruments that they seem like one boozy haze . The lyrics did not get me curious attention even through several listens.Having released this album for quite a year now they have yet to score a hit and that is just the story of this album , nothing hits home!The only saving grace for this album is Cryta Jones ' voice which I have grown attached to . That aside I would have given it the no star rating .
 I have bought this CD , paying a lot of money to get it , being influenced by the 5 stars amazon.com reviews , but it turned out to be a huge mistake I have made . I am a big listener of John Mahavishnu 's recordings -LRB- I own the best of them , from IMF to VOEB -RRB- and I consider that there is no possible comparision that can be made with Magma . Mahavishnu is a milestone in the 20th century music , while Magma is only a boring , a very boring , 100 % not musically band . No history . No one would remember anything about them . No wonder it is a french band . They should do what they do best and leave the progressive rock and the jazz-rock fusion for the anglo-saxon world . No ofense .
 If you liked Kaptain Kopter and the Twirlybirds , you might like this album a lot more than I did.But , if you are considering purchasing this album because you ca n't get enough of Spirit , I would recommend that you buy all of the Spirit albums , everything by Jay Ferguson , the Spirit reunion album , and everything by Jo Jo Gunne before descending into Kaptain Kopter.The Good
 It kind of sounds like Rocky Balboa trying to sound like Sinatra . With all the deese , dem 's and dose 's who can understand what this guy is singing . Word of advise Tony Micelli ... stick wit da actin and da boxin !
 Hey Tony , you 're not Frank Sinantra . After seeing numerous commercials of him begging people to watch his show , I decided to check out his website for laughs and found out he actually made a CD . His lack of talent speaks for itself so there 's really not much to say . `` I 'm Going to sit right down and right myself a letter , and make believe it 's from you '' ... great lyrics . Sorry but your face lifts and `` just for men gel '' hair dye are n't fooling anyone .
 I 'll just go back to my worthless show with my fat fans
 save your money . you are better off buying another yellowman cd this one is not 20 hits -- more like 4 hits and 16 lame songs.Yellowman is a great dj/toaster and his band is great -- but this cd -- skip it , I urge you to check out other Yellowman cd 's .
 I was waiting for Nectar with much anticipation . It was a huge let down . Jai Uttal has abandoned his incredible talent in mixing Indian rhythms and melodies and has gone super religious ! If I want to listen to a pure kirtan CD , Id pick up some original kirtanists from India . There are scores of them . What made Jai 's earlier work with the Pagan Love Orchestra so great was the mixing of Western instruments with Indian chants . . Jai , when will you go back to your roots again ? Please dont disappoint your fans . . Nectar does not have a single decent song except perhaps for the last track.Its time for Jai Uttal to get the Pagans and go back to the Recording Room ! His comparative advantage is in mixing his Western musical roots with Indian music , not in becoming another Indian kirtanist . . There are 2 million of them in India and they have an authentic Indian accent ! Although I must say Jai is getting better and better at his Sanskrit . .
 I echo the reviewers below in saying that if Jai went back to more interesting music and blending east with west , he would be better off . I do n't need to buy a cd with an american singing kirtans when i have more beautifully produced cds of authentic kirtans from india -LRB- without the american accent -RRB- . The chanting on this cd is leaning towards a repetitive `` hare krishna '' type sound and i dont need images of bald hare krishnas dancing around in my mind as i hear this ... sorry but his earlier albums are better ... it seems as if he put this cd out cause he HAD to and probably took all of maybe a couple of weeks . These are all traditional bhajans so he did n't have to write any lyrics of his own so ... then ... what 's the point ?
 as buying this album will provide you with a piece of music , getting you into a gloomy and sensual mood after a hot day spent on the beach . Truly awesome ! After heard Nude Dimensions vol . 2 , which is a more upbeat album , I really thought the Naked Music record label could impossibly outbeat themselves from a quality and beauty perspective . Well ... they did !!
 I like Gangsta as an artist and a person . He 's got a classic OG style that I can relate to -LRB- i.e. hittin switches three wheeling and cap peeling -RRB- . But this album is missing just that . It 's on the verge of being on that commercial style where a lot of cat 's is going now to try to get paid . I aint haten on nobody that 's trying to make some `` mail '' , but at the same time you disappoint the true fans . I hope Gangsta 's next album is more like his old style . If you wan na compare , go and cop the `` Comrads '' 1st album , `` Bad Azz '' album titled `` Word On The Street '' and listen to `` Addicted To Crime '' -LRB- track 10 -RRB- , and if you can find his first solo album titled `` Wanted '' you 'll definetly will see what I 'm talkin ` bout .
 I heard Ghost Love Score first - and just like everyone else -- thought it was a really cool song . So i bought it -- and found it was the only real decent song on the album -- a couple others come close -- but overall its just blah - and boring sound effects ! SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I 've loved Nightwish from the moment I heard their Oceanborn album . The music was powerful , the lyrics varied between weird and brilliant , the melodies memorable and inspiring and the musicianship first class.You could feel the rumblings of the band losing their way on Century Child , which was n't a bad album thanks mainly to a few outstanding tracks amid the mediocre rest.On Once , the band has veered completely off the road and is stuck in a ditch . They employ a full orchestra , and for me this is the downfall of the album . Now trapped between metal/rock and philharmonic theatrics , Nightwish fails to do either genre justice , and manage only to churn out an album that can at best be described as orchestra driven progressive rock . When the orchestra kicks in it stops sounding like metal , and when they go the metal route it 's mostly in the form of hard but repetitive riffs with Emppu 's searing , melodic guitar solos sorely missing , replaced by violins , trombones and trumpets . Catchy melodies are almost non-existing and I found myself , for the first time since discovering the band , not listening a Nightwish album all the way through on first listen because , quite simply , I got bored with what I was hearing.The album opens with Dark Chest Of Wonders and Wish I Had An Angel , two hard songs which are n't bad but does n't come anywhere near the likes of Stargazers or Dead To The World from previous albums . This is followed by Nemo , just about the only fresh and decent melody on the entire album . Halfway through Emppu embarks on a superb guitar solo that lasts all of 6 or 7 seconds . Why waste a guitarist with the uncanny ability to churn out hauntingly beautiful solos like this ? Let the guy play.It 's here that the album seriously loses its way . Planet Hell sounds like a night at the theatre , so bombastically overbearing is the orchestra in its opening sequence . Creek Mary 's Blood is an ok ballad , but again the dominating orchestra reaches a level of near cheesiness when you remember that you 're listening to a supposed rock/metal band - there 's more trumpet and violin in this song than guitar . The song ends with someone talking in what I 'm guessing is an Indian language for about a minute and a half . Since you ca n't understand what he 's saying , this is just daft and tedious to sit through.The Siren , Dead Gardens and Romanticide are pretty generic Nightwish fare - none of them are bad songs , but in the same breath none of them can really compete with anything on Oceanborn . Ghost Love Score again has almost no electric guitar other than in the background on it , with the orchestra dominating almost the entire song.The last two songs , Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan and Higher Than Hope , can both be classified as ballads , but neither grabbed my attention or gave me goosebumps like Sleeping Sun did when I heard it the first time on Oceanborn . They epitomize the spirit of this album - fair , but nothing special.In the end , Once is a thoroughly forgettable album from a band that seems to have lost the ability to craft a strong tune - their soaring melodies and Tarja 's inspired singing are what distinguished this band from the usual metal fare . On Once Tarja still sounds like an angel , but the flat melodies , over-the-top orchestra and repetitive metal riffs all serves to dull the emotional impact of her wonderful voice.Album highlight - Nemo , the only song that sounds like the Nightwish I 've come to know and love . Nightwish should drop the orchestra - it does n't add any power to their music , quite the opposite . Stick to the basics and allow Emppu to do something other than play simple 3 or 4 note metal riffs on his guitar . The guy 's too talented to waste like that.Once could have been a more than decent album . Unfortunately the band managed to thoroughly butcher it . Oceanborn and Wishmaster are still their best albums , and they 'll be wise to not veer too far from that formula . The band will do well to let Once stand as their failed experimental album , and get back to basics
 I heard ghost love score and was hooked-now im tired of that song cause its the only good track on the album - agree with other negative reviews - STAY CLEAR - trust me !!!
 Whats this twit on ? People trying to pull down the rating ? Same people slagging off the record ? When people spend their money they have every right to comment pal ! I ca n't endorse this record , it 's just not as good as some are saying . So Avoid !
 I agree with the last review . This is a goodish album but the lyrics are stupid . I 'd actually be embarrassed if I were to be playing this to somebody and they asked me what the song -LRB- s -RRB- were about . If Nightwish could put together some sensible chorus lines to their tracks , then they would most probably have more appeal .
 NIGHTWISH ARE JUST A TOTAL RIP OFF OF EARLY DREAM THEATRE AND SYMPHONY X WHO WERE A HELL OF A LOT MORE TECHNICAL AND HEAVIER THAN THIS . THE HEAVY GUITAR RIFFS HAVE ALL BEEN DONE BEFORE AND THE STUPID OPERATIC BACKGROUND SOUNDS ARE EMBARRASSING TO LISTEN TO . I RECKON SOME OF THESE ' 5 ' STAR REVIEWERS HAVE MORE TO DO WITH THE BAND THEN WHAT THEY ARE LETTING ON , CAUSE I HAVE NEVER WITNESSED SO MANY ALLEDGED REVIEWERS ATTEMPT TO SUCKER PEOPLE INTO BUYING THIS !!! CHECK OUT DREAM THEATRE 'S EARLY MATERIAL AND SYMPHONY X , THE GUITARISTS CAN PLAY DECENT SOLOS FOR STARTERS . I 'VE LISTENED TO EVERY TRACK OF NIGHTWISH THROUGH MP3S AND THEY ARE ALL CRAP !!! SO BUY AT YOUR PERIL !!!
 I have read all these reviews and have listened to every track that Nightwish have released to date , and there is nothing special about this band at all . Dream Theatre is much better than this . They are heavier , they play decent guitar solos and they write original material . What half these people are on beggars ' belief . Nightwish 's music is annoying to listen to . I was listening to their album ` Destiny 's Child ' and a track called ` Phantom of the Opera ' . I have never heard such a stupid track ever . It 's total b ****** s . The album ` Once ' is just a bigger compilation of stupid tracks which only a **** head could get into . The opening guitar riff for starters has been done a dozen times before . What let Nightwish down are 3 main things . Their singer is awful , they ca n't write anything original and they are blatantly ripping off music from past metal bands . If you are looking for something original , avoid Nightwish .
 This album is 1 of the worst records of the decade . Ignore the ramblings by the ' 5 ' star reviewers . They do n't know what they are talking about cause they are stupid . I can some up Nightwish in 1 word - CRAP .
 Nightwish ca n't write , ca n't sing , sound pathetic and are total and utter crap .
 Heard it all before . Opera and Metal , yawn yawn yawn . You 'd think some of these reviewers had just been born ... . This album is crap . Luckily we needed a new frisbe , so thank you Nightwish .
 Superbly written ? More like superbly ripped off from elsewhere . This is n't a beautiful album at all but a horrible album to listen . Proms type outtakes with a heavy guitar riff and out of key vocals sounds crap in my mind . In fact Nightwish are one of the worst bands I 've ever heard . Kids will love em though , and from reading most of these reviews , I doubt there are many reviewers over 13 years old that are praising this band . Except of course the Finnish loyal .
 I do n't know what this reviewers is on , but to describe this album as the best thing going is very naive . Nightwish are probably one of the worst metal bands ever . Their music sucks , pure and simple . This album and infact all their albums are simply terrible . So ignore all these daft 5 star reviews and save some money . Nightwish suck ! suck ! suck !
 Are all of you serious ? This is HORRIBLE.Orchestra , mixed with a feeble attempt at metal , with the worst singing I have ever heard.Finland must stop the export of all it 's music to the outside world .
 I sometimes wonder whether people are abusing the reviewing system and just hyping up records to sucker people into buying them . I agree with the last more honest review . This album is n't that good . Very repetitive and aggravating . I hope this is the last from Nightwish .
 So cool - I never thought Yanni would put out a rock album .
 Worst album I 've ever heard . This band is awful ; the music is just so embarrassing to listen to . The first track alone makes you cringe and as for the rest , it 's just ripped off from scores of metal bands before . The vocals are dia , the guitar playing is crap , the arrangements are stupid and I bet there is n't one reviewer for this album that has given 5 stars that 's over 14 years old . If you are a pre-teen nerd then you must really enjoy this trash . For later generations I would avoid Nightwish because they Suck ! Suck ! Suck !
 Nightwish have once again failed to progress . In a desperate attempt to capture Metal and Opera they have failed terribly . An earlier review said that ` Once ' was like an adventure , yet I would have to be high as kite to agree with this becuase the adventure would only go as far as my trash can . The singing is out of key . The guitars are toned down too far and mixed with silly synthesiser sound effects makes the whole charade give you earache . I would much prefer to be tortured with electrodes then put my music system through this again . However , there is one good thing to say about the album ` Once ' , it makes a dam good ` frisby ' . So Nightwish , go back to Europe and die .
 If this is the best from Finland , then no wonder they f *** up everytime at eurovison . This is one of the most annoying records I have listened to . If you are into opera , classical music . Listen to the real thing .
 Nightwish has sucked and will always suck ! Please , do n't waste your time on this album -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- when there are REAL masterpieces out there.Don ' t buy `` Once '' or any of Nightwish 's albums , buy these following albums : '' ... And Justice for All '' by Metallica `` Lost and Found '' by Mudvayne `` Lateralus '' by Tool `` Believe '' by Disturbed `` XIII '' by Mushroomheadand `` Toxicity '' by System of a Down.Thank you !
 Why do kids love this band so much ? I have had to listen to my 13 year Niece play this album over and over again for the last 3 hours and in buying headphones for her , its the best money spent this year , as for this annoying band , as far as rock goes it is such a pile of crap and I just hope that eventually she will grow out of it .
 Nightfish stink . This album falls well behind expectations ! Avoid !
 When you thought Nightwish could n't get any worse , they release this pile of garbage . Symphonic crap , blasted out with stupid synthesiser effects , awful vocals and done all before guitaring.Once is a terrible album .
 Who are these people ? If this album was so good why is n't this band on the television ? This album sucks ! 3 people who I know that have heard this album agree . The people that are writing these reviews are just trying to sucker people into buying this record , which is an abuse of the Amazon review system . Before anybody considers buying this and parting with their hard earned cash , download a few MP3 's . Then you can decide . I personally think this is a biggest piece of ` metal garbage ' going .
 I have to agree with some of these lousy reviews . When people spend money they expect value . Nightwish deliver nothing . The trouble with Nightwish is that they use computerised sound effects of opera all the way through and it sounds flaming terrible . Get into some proper garage bands you morons !
 Imagine Omen with a Rock Riff behind that was done 20 years ago , and a vocalist that ca n't sing . Well that 's Nightwish .
 You can only listen to this piece of trash once . Then it 's straight in the trash can . Total and utter crap . The singing is dia , the songs are stupid and the backing music is unoriginal . Uninspiring , dull , painful and depressing . Do n't waste your money !
 Who 's writing all these 5 star reviews ??? I bought this album expecting something out of this world , but found it a pathetic album to listen to . Symphonic rock ? Symphonic bull more like ! Get a life you Muppets .
 Terrible singing , stupid melodies , stupid opera based keyboard overtures and one of the most ugliest , daftest looking bands I 've ever set eyes on in ages . If you 're into amateur metal then Nightwish will appeal to you , because all they are amateur . Finland is a useless country when it comes to musicianship . Same as YGM and his Rising Farce from Sweden . If you want to get into decent European metal go for Ramstein . Germany has provided the world with some awesome metal over the years , but Finland , forget it !
 What 's this guy on ? Why so many a ** licking reviews for Nightwish ? Is this a member of the family that ca n't sing , write etc etc ??? I have heard this album and it is crap . Perhaps I should have been stoned when I first heard it . Then I would be able to harp on about how ` good ' they are ????!!!! To anybody who is thinking of buying , 3 words - SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 What is this nonsense people are saying ? Every rock riff I have heard by this band has been done before . None of the songs are remotely original because they are all stolen medleys from opera based compositions . The singing is diabolical . Be realistic if this woman could sing properly she would be singing at the proms , but she ai n't that good so she sings in Nightwish . All Nightwish have done is attempt to come up with an idea which has been done by many bands before . Play me an original composition with an original melody then I just might change my mind on this , but I know from hearing this that Nightwish ca n't . Finland has never been able to come up with any original material before because they are 35 years behind the NWOBHM and American metal guitar movements . Sweden and Holland have come out with much better talent than this and that 's going back over 20 years . All I can say is that the only people who can get into this kind of music are very young people with limited music knowledge . As this is obviously Nightwish 's mainstream audience , anybody over 15 years old should avoid !
 I am dissappointed with this album . It sounds the same as their previous releases and the whole charade of symphonic metal is getting tedious and boring .
 Being a fan of hard rock bands with female singers -LRB- Within Temptation , Lacuna Coil , The Gathering , and yes , even the dreaded Evanescence -RRB- , more people than I can count have told me to check out Nightwish , with `` Once '' being the album most recommended . So I did ... and came away from the experience unimpressed . Tarja Turunen does have an absolutely beautiful voice and the band rocks extremely hard , but the juxtaposition of the two sounds like Renee Fleming geting lost on the way to the Met and ending up in the studio with Iron Maiden . It just does n't mesh . Tarja is now out of the band so perhaps the band will get -LRB- or has gotten -RRB- a singer that 's not so technically perfect . I can see where the music would have appeal , but it 's just not for me . Your mileage , of course , may vary .
 This is one of those if your a collector like me you just have to purchase it to make the collection complete . I 've been listening to Nightwish since Wishmater and fell in love with them . I have all their cd 's . This is probly the most annoying cd that I have of them . I have all their cd 's and most of their singles and I just ca n't listen to this thing except for a couple of songs . NEMO , I WISH I HAD AN ANGEL and PLANET HELL that 's it . It was and is a pleasure to see them come to the states , I have seen them 3 times , ATLANTA , CHICAGO AND MINNEAPOLIS . Great shows , great songs , but awful new album . Please , I beg you please , to go back to Century Media you released some great albums with them and when you reunite with them , you 'll release your greatest album -LRB- 's -RRB- ever . On your next CD , have a duet with Tarja and Marcus .
 1 review says that the first track is heavy as hell . Well Metallica of the 80 's were heavier than this . As for the songs ... Opera and rock only ever worked with Queen . I had high expectations but from hearing this album can only say this band Sucks big time !
 What a stupid band . All this sounds like to me is Laaa ! Laaaa ! laaaaa !!!!! Bang bang bang !!!!! Laa ! Laaa ! Laaaa ! , Thump thump thump !!!!! No decent guitar work , no dialogue , no substance , absolutely no direction and very very very ! Aggravating to listen to . Sucks big time if you want my opinion !!!!!
 What a naff album by a naff band ! Silly operative overtures with grunge guitar , bleedin awful vocals and stupid lyrics . I hate this band , they do nothing for me . In fact I 'm embarrased to play any of their music !!!
 This album is rather crappy . My main problem with the album is the severe shortage of guitar solos . Secondly , Tuomas 's writing has apparently gone to crap -LRB- Wish I Had An Angel is the WORST song I 've ever heard -RRB- . Thirdly , Marco 's vocals suck and have gotten worse since Century Child . Other than having an annoying voice , he ca n't seem to sing in key . I did n't think anything could suck as much as his vocals on Phantom Of The Opera from Century Child , but his vocals on Wish I Had An Angel manage to take the cake . The bottom line is that Wishmaster was a masterpiece , and this band has gone downhill ever since that album . Century Child was still ok , but Once is utter crap .
 This is the crappiest album I have heard this year . What beutiful vocals I ask ? What beutiful ballads ? Yer right . I give this a thumbs down . The review system is being totally abused , as I belive a lot of these ' 5 ' reviews are coming from the same people . Nightwish are the worst Metal band thats come out in over decade . Period .
 Once again I 've been suckered in by copious five star reviews . I 'm always on the lookout for heavy metal I can stand . I should know when I read that something is a `` blend of heavy metal and classical '' that it 's going to be a travesty in both areas . It always is , but I keep pretending I 'll find something actually progressive.This is not it . This is , as another reviewer aptly put it , embarrassing to listen to . If any of my friends heard this and knew that I paid money for it , they would disown me.I 'll admit , I 've not heard any of Nightwish 's other albums , but it seems impossible that a group of `` musicians '' capable of producing something this terrible could ever do something I 'd like.This is pedantic pop music tarted up with dull guitar playing and uninspired orchestration . If I was forced to say something positive , it would be that their lyrics are n't the absolute worst I 've heard on a heavy metal album -LRB- but they are horrible -- do n't get me wrong -RRB- . Now , can somebody please tell me if there IS any progressive metal out there ? And I mean progressive as in forward-looking , not progressive as in Rush or Yes -LRB- both decent bands , but that day is gone -RRB- . So far the only heavy band I 've found that I can honestly call progressive is Dillinger Escape Plan -- and they 're not really metal IMHO -LRB- more like prog-thrash -RRB- . So what gives ? Is new metal just another cookie cutter genre like Top 40 pop ? Is there no one who has the guts to try something new AND heavy ? I despair ...
 I do n't know what the reviewers are carrying on about here . It 's Evanescence-type dreck with an orchestra . Silly people creating really silly music .
 this album is so bad it makes me want to kick my mum in the face . i hate it . nightwish are the worst band ever . i do n't really understand what the other guy was thinking , this is bad plus eight . all the members love gladiator and the lead singer 's favourite actor is russel crowe . every song is bad times eight . i hate it .
 First track , bum , bum , bum . bum , yip ! yip ! yip ! . How can anybody say this band is fantastic ? They are total and utter crap !!!!! I can only describe this as -LSB- ... -RSB- nerd music for lonely teens . Buy this at your peril !!!!!
 I usually do n't write reviews ; I 'm more of a review reader . But this CD has really bugged the hell outta me . If you 've listened to the previous albums of Nightwish -LRB- Wishmaster , Century Child , Oceanborn , etc. -RRB- , their newest one sounds like CRAP . Their strong powerful guitars in many of their songs back then have now been diminished or drowned out by annoying synth effects . Also , the male vocals in this new album are REALLY REALLY ANNOYING . He sounds like a weasel that 's just been skewered . If you go listen to `` Century Child '' , the male vocals sound in there sound so much nicer and enjoyable . Another thing , WHY THE HECK did they add these Rammstien-esk beats in the second track ? It does not sound nice at all ; it takes the whole purpose of symphonic metal and chucks it a crowd of posers who give five stars to this piece of crap and call it a `` masterpiece '' . So do n't go buy this album ; go buy some Lacuna Coil , Edenbridge , previous Nightwish albums , or if you ca n't help it , some mainstream Evanescence . The only reason I give this album two stars is because the female vocal still retained her unique sound .
 From reading a lot of the reviews on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk I decided to buy this . But I can not see why this band is so popular . The opening track is as heavy as hell , but the Opera influence makes it confusing . It 's a shame that rock has gone to this level , were you are literally putting garage based riffs into classical music . The transition in my mind does n't work . Nightwish will appeal to people who are basically into opera with thrash metal , but musically it is n't worth 5 stars and I wish I had n't bought it . I read a previous review that mentioned Symphony X and as the reviewer pointed out , Symphony X were playing this kind of material long before Nightwish . The main difference between the 2 bands is that Symphony X are more technical and their guitarist is one of the best around . Nightwish 's guitarist is mediocre at best . I can not agree with some of the reviews on this record , but I notice that quite a few are from Europe anyway . Which I guess makes sense at Nightwish are a European Band .
 I 'd like to do a proper review of Nightwish as well . Lets go back to the seventies when rock/opera and classical music met , Ritchie Blackmore , the late Randy Rhoads and chart toppers Queen especially incorporated classical and opera into their music . During the 80 's Neo-classical metal thrived with Yngwie J Malmsteen , Calchony and countless other Metal Bands that played their guitars in Minor Keys , incorporating Bach , Paganni and Opera into their Metal Music . In the Nineties , bands like Dream Theatre , Symphony X and numerous other neo-classical based musicians from Shrapnel records appeared . Even well established bands like Metallica took to mixing their music with orchestral arrangements . To anybody who has n't lived through all this , then Nightwish would seem to be a good band . To anybody that has then they would notice straight away that Nightwish are using countless pieces of musical ideas taken from the past . I honestly think the difference between the reviewers is simple . One set are young and the other set are old . Nightwish sound like a goodish band , their music is tight and is a change from the nu-metal crap that 's out there , so that 's a thumbs up from me in that respect . But , whenever I have listened to any tracks of theirs , I know in the back of my mind that I have heard a band do something similar before , and when this is in the back of your mind it 's impossible to get into them . It may be fresh in Finland , but it sure as is n't fresh in the West .
 The production of this is good but the contents lacks anything new . Some of the tracks sound absolutely awful . I am surprised this album has so many good reviews . It does nothing for me .
 I too am disappointed with this record . I liked the first listen , but then I quickly started skipping tracks and now I do n't play it at all because it 's boring . There 's too much overlapping in it , one minutes it 's metal , next minute it 's poppy .
 Why so many reviews ? a rave review seems to be followed by a crap one over and over again . Everyone to their own , but there is definately some massive differences of opinion on this album . To some it is simply fantastic or trash . I 'll go down the middle , It is n't as good as some people are making out .
 Some of the reviews on this record are strange because this album is no way a 5 star album . In saying that it is n't a 1 star either . 2 Stars is the best I can give this . There have been a few reviews saying that nightwish are unoriginal and I agree with these reviews . It is impossible to put out much music nowadays without it being associated with something thats been done before . Nightwish are no exception . There music was done 20 years ago . Some reviews have attacked the singer . This is n't the best I 've heard , but not the worst either , so again 2 stars . If you are into neo-classical opera type rock then you will probably like this . But no way is this as gooda album as some people are making out here , and to be frank I found a few tracks on this album annoying to listen to . Infact some of the tracks with their symphonic overtures , sounded plainly stupid .
 Wow - wierd - Look at the review below - I feel the same way . One or Two good Songs-thats it . Her voice gets annoying after a while - almost to the point where you 'd like to hear someone beat her to a bloody pulp in the middle of a song - just for the listeners amusement .
 The musicianship is different , but I just can not get into this at all . Sometimes these bands can just go to far with the Opera influence and the music starts to sound fascicle . I prefer listening to classic garage rock like ` the Darkness ' .
 This has got to go down as one of the worst albums of 2004 . 17 used already up for sale says it all .
 I agree with the privious review . This album Sucks . Why do n't you bozos do a web search on symphonic rock ?
 This album is weary . The songs just sound daft . To use opera as a basis of rock , shows that Nightwish can not write anything original . The singing is terrible , I know that because I have a degree in music . Overall , save your money .
 I can not agree with any of these reviews . This album is stupid . There has never been much talent from Finland over the years apart from perhap Stratovariuos . But this band ai n't as good .
 I was interested from many of the reviews to find out what all the hype is about . After subsequenty listening to half this album I can only say one thing ` it 's all been done before ' . I can say this with confidence because I have been listening to neo-classical shred and Opera Rock since the 70 's . There is no genre , as the genre has passed . The only original thing about this music is that the band hail from Finland . Though there have been many bands over the past 20 years that have attempted to release metal based music like this , a heavy rock riff -LRB- usually always tuned down a couple of steps -RRB- followed by keyboards playing symphony , with a high pitched singer , -LRB- This is n't a very good singer anyway -RRB- . If you have never heard music like this before and enjoy it then thats cool . But if you have a wider experience of metal/rock then I would avoid as you would probably agree with me that the composition of the tracks have been ripped off from other bands in the past . So to some up , unoriginal .
 I am dumbfounded by the comment `` lyrics are often left to the interpretation of the listener so if you do n't get , make up something . '' Is this why Metalicca has been so successful over the past 25 years ? Lyrics need to have a meaning that makes a song . If you are only going for Nightwish because of their rythms then I am sorry to dissappoint you but their music is NOT original . It the same old story , a band releases a song over decade before and then a new band steals it and then re-sells it to the next generation that 's none the wiser .
 1 . Dark Chest Of Blunders2 . Wish I Had Earplugs3 . Numbo on my ears4 . Planet Awful5 . Creek = crap6 . Sirens sound better than this7 . Dead Gardens , dead tones , bleeding awful8 . Suicidal music , wish I was deaf9 . Ghost Love Music Score10 . Stupid name for a stupid song11 . Higher Than Hope this is their last album
 I only wish I had read all the reviews before buying this because I hate it . This band should be re-named ` Nighmare ' .
 If you like pop music then you will like where they went with this album . I hate to say I hate the album it makes me sad.Their levels all wrong . Turning the keyboards down was horrible . Then turning the guitars up and simplifying them . While they were at it they also made the drums dissapear . I dislike Marcos vocals . I hope they go back the direction they came from before this album.It seems like some big producer walked up to the band made them mainstream their amazing music . I hope this isnt the end of the old nightwish .
 I should first establish myself as a great fan of Nightwish ; I found their first three albums moving , melodic and artistic . Tuomas is truly a poet , Tarja , an angel with voice to match ; Emppu , Sami and Jukka created a fascinating blend of sound meeting opera and classical as I 'd never quite heard before . And now , all I hear is rehashed , synthesized crap . It seems that Nightwish has certainly kept up with the times -- in falling into the mainstream mangling of sound in order to enthrall a childish audience that gleans nothing from their more mature pieces . I am fond of a few songs on this album , but I can honestly say that not a single one can compare with Angels Fall First or Oceanborn , the former being perhaps their finest release to date . You ca n't kill a classic . I know that the band experienced a great deal of change before collaborating on Once , but I never expected that it would yield results as catastrophic as this . Tarja is now enjoying great success in her musical career , I know the others are working are multiple projects themselves -- and if this is the quality of production Nightwish intends to make tradition of , then I think the band is finished , and better that it is , because this simply is not music with the symphonic beauty and integrity preserved in their previous works . Oh , and , what the hell happened to the flute ? I miss Esa Letinen : -LRB- If you are a Nightwish die-hard , and if you can truly communicate with their previous releases -LRB- with the exception of Century Child , which I found absolutely atrocious -RRB- as such music was intended to speak to the listener , I would not suggest disappointing yourself by buying this album . Then again , while it falls agonizingly short of the mark Nightwish had consistently set for itself prior to the release of Century Child , curiosity just might compel you to purchase it . I have to admit that I listen to the album from time to time -- but I tend to skip between two tracks alone , which are not by any means soul-shaking ; just a bit catchy , and lacking the grating sound so many of the songs on this album tend to have.Meh . All bands experience a kind of evolution , oftentimes for the worse . Consider Metallica , gone terribly awry , and unable to compete with its better days . Well . Go buy Angels Fall First or something .
 DVD one contains parts 1 and 2Part 1 was frankly terrible and my son walked away from the TV . He wants to see bulldozers and dump trucks , not long segments on toy trains and another even poorer section on a national park . Seemed like they ran out of content -LRB- for a 30 minute video ? -RRB- and cut in some national park service scenes.Part 2 was bearable though it did also have some really weird stuff in it for Caterpillar DVD . How hard could it be to get 30 minutes of good footage of earhmoving equipment?I was surprised of the low audio quality for this DVD -LRB- parts one and two -RRB- . Many of the section were over-modulated meaning the sound ` clips ' at the top end and is all distorted.Amazed that Caterpillar would lend their good name to such a poor overall effort . I have scene childrens birthday parties with better production quality . Good think I did n't pay that much or I would have been really ticked.p.s . I read the other review - not sure I understand how we could have watched the same video . I double checked and confirmed I watched CAT machines DVD 1 .
 I had high hopes for this video especially considering the cost and Caterpillar endorsement but was disappointed . My son loves watching big earth moving equipment and out of an entire 1-hour DVD there was maybe 15 minutes of good scenes . Part one was kind of bizarre . Most of the 1/2 hour was spent on Glacier National Park , some obscure circus in Wisconsin and a toy train . And a large portion of scenes with machines were mostly old footage of antique tractors . I also did not like the video quality . Most of it consisted of 1 second clips strung together . Part 2 was better but still not what I was hoping for .
 This may be the DVD for you . It was created and follows the same format as the popular I Love Toy Train series . However , I find the footage on these dvd 's less stimulating than the train series . Most of it appears very old and certainly was n't recorded or produced for the digital format . It also lacks any technical explanation of the vehicles . I would recommend the Real Wheels -LRB- There goes a Bulldozer , There goes a Monster Truck/Firetruck/Tank etc. -RRB- series . In addition , I Dig Dirt is also a good find -LRB- and much cheaper than this one -RRB- .
 This CD is a compilation of tracks from the `` Early Ellington '' multi-disc set , which is hands down the worst digital transfer I 've ever heard of this material . It 's got an astonishing amount of high-end distortion that has absolutely nothing to do with the 78s themselves , and will be torture for any dogs in your neighborhood . I 've heard very low-grade copies of these 78s that sound much better than this CD . The first couple of songs are pretty much unbearable even if you turn the treble all the way down . As the program goes on the poor transfer is still in evidence , but it 's not quite as horrifying.If you have the slightest interest in this era of Ellington 's music , try the comps on Phonodor or Jazz Archives instead .
 I was waiting for Nectar with much anticipation . It was a huge let down . Jai Uttal has abandoned his incredible talent in mixing Indian rhythms and melodies and has gone super religious ! If I want to listen to a pure kirtan CD , Id pick up some original kirtanists from India . There are scores of them . What made Jai 's earlier work with the Pagan Love Orchestra so great was the mixing of Western instruments with Indian chants . . Jai , when will you go back to your roots again ? Please dont disappoint your fans . . Nectar does not have a single decent song except perhaps for the last track.Its time for Jai Uttal to get the Pagans and go back to the Recording Room ! His comparative advantage is in mixing his Western musical roots with Indian music , not in becoming another Indian kirtanist . . There are 2 million of them in India and they have an authentic Indian accent ! Although I must say Jai is getting better and better at his Sanskrit . .
 I echo the reviewers below in saying that if Jai went back to more interesting music and blending east with west , he would be better off . I do n't need to buy a cd with an american singing kirtans when i have more beautifully produced cds of authentic kirtans from india -LRB- without the american accent -RRB- . The chanting on this cd is leaning towards a repetitive `` hare krishna '' type sound and i dont need images of bald hare krishnas dancing around in my mind as i hear this ... sorry but his earlier albums are better ... it seems as if he put this cd out cause he HAD to and probably took all of maybe a couple of weeks . These are all traditional bhajans so he did n't have to write any lyrics of his own so ... then ... what 's the point ?
 The fake appaluse track used about every 30 seconds totally ruins the limited authentic feel this collection offers -LRB- Plus it is the exact same track used over and over to boot -RRB- . You can clearly see shots of the lame middle aged crowd sitting quietly through the performances , while a three second appaluse and cheer track plays at just the right emotional point in each song , but done with way too much cheese . The applause at the end of the songs are real , but throughout the songs when the crowds are shown there is no one clapping or whistling and it actaully looks awkward at times . It 's just really annoying like the fake applause on the sitcom `` That 70 's Show '' . A couple of the performances are actually decent such as the lead off with McGuinn . Most are cheesey and only feature one of the original band members.They actually want $ 120 -LRB- as a pledge for PBS -RRB- for this utterly stupid release , but even paying $ 18 is insane.LAME CANNED APPLAUSE/CHEER TRACK OVER AND OVER = LAME AS LAME CAN BE .
 The good parts are choppy and along with the many comments on the fake applause
 The fake appaluse track used about every 30 seconds totally ruins the limited authentic feel this collection offers -LRB- Plus it is the exact same track used over and over to boot -RRB- . You can clearly see shots of the lame middle aged crowd sitting quietly through the performances , while a three second appaluse and cheer track plays at just the right emotional point in each song , but done with way too much cheese . The applause at the end of the songs are real , but throughout the songs when the crowds are shown there is no one clapping or whistling and it actaully looks awkward at times . It 's just really annoying like the fake applause on the sitcom `` That 70 's Show '' . A couple of the performances are actually decent such as the lead off with McGuinn . Most are cheesey and only feature one of the original band members.They actually want $ 120 -LRB- as a pledge for PBS -RRB- for this utterly stupid release , but even paying $ 18 is insane.LAME CANNED APPLAUSE/CHEER TRACK OVER AND OVER = LAME AS LAME CAN BE .
 if you like music from the 60s and want to see the original performances , steer wide of this doozy.nobody is telling you what this dvd really is.sure , the music is live . sure it features the original artists -LRB- mostly -RRB- . but they are mostly ** recent recordings ** . this dvd features live concerts recorded in recent years performed by the original artists . if you want to see the `` live '' performance of the piece by the musicians , you sorta get what you want
 I 've enjoyed Chris Knight 's music for some time , on radio and in other people 's collection . But DO N'T BUY THIS CD if you plan to use a computer to play it
 It must be confessed that I bought this CD by mistake . I thought it might have been by Christopher Knight , the former actor of Brady Bunch fame -LRB- or infamy -RRB-
 This song was somewhat cool but they still suck and still itis not very good even what happens to them.Lyrics 4/10 Production 1/10 Overall 2.5 / 10
 CD I 've purchased . JC Lodge 's song was the best . The balance was unadulturated boredom .
 The product was delivered quickly and in perfect condition , so I have no complaint about that . I was extremely disappointed with the product itself . Much of his monologue is drowned out by laughter of the crowd , and what you can hear is extremely difficult to understand as his Scottish brogue is the strongest I 've ever heard for Billy , and I 've been a fan for over 15 years .
 Rockin ' chair lady
 I decided to get this after having all the material from the singles on the 2 disc set of ` Hours ... ' , this single containing the only single-exclusive tracks not re-released at a later date . As I personally am not much a fan of either the songs Survive or Seven-Thursday 's Child is a pretty good song , though not one of his best-I still felt compelled to check it out.I had half-expected to hear edgier live re-visitations of three of the album 's singles , but , as in the studio recordings , the songs remain very soft and rather vulnerable , even more so actually in these recordings . I can understand why a live version of The Pretty Things Are Going to Hell , the fourth Hours single , was not included , as it would definitely surprise the crap out of the audience there.The songs themselves are not bad , Bowie 's lyrics are as strong and intelligent as ever , with of course a unique brand of vocabulary and ideas behind his work , the music is not terrible either , but the instrumentation is really flowery , and 14 minutes of the same easy listening-esque music , from the likes of Bowie , is a little off-putting , especially since some of the other material on the rather short album is really great.I still enjoy having this item , as it pretty much completes the entire ` Hours ... ' material that I own personally , but if live recordings are n't your thing , stay away from this . And if you 're looking to find rawer , less vulnerable interpretations of these songs , look elsewhere .
 CD I 've purchased . JC Lodge 's song was the best . The balance was unadulturated boredom .
 With the talent on hand for these sessions the next masterpiece of progressive and challenging music should have been delivered and I should be writhing in joy and listening repeatedly with abandon just struggling to find the right adjectives and hyperbole to properly describe the joy that is Bozzio/Sheehan . Oh , I 'm looking for the hyperbole all right , it 's just that I ca n't find enough words to express my extreme dissappointment with this , uh , effort . All right , maybe it 's not quite as bad as all that but it ai n't good either . Muscically it 's everything I could want -LRB- and much more -RRB- . It 's challenging , surprising , beautiful , progressive . But for crying out loud , why on earth did Terry decide to sing !!!!???? He 's awful . His delivery 's awful . His phrasings are awful . He delivers the vocals in sneering , gutteral , whisper which is completely distracting to the music . I 've tried over and over to listen to more than one song in a row from this work but Terry 's voice and delivery is just so grating . Everytime I put it on to try just once more to give it a shot I just end up curled up in a ball and screaming AAAAGGGGHHHH !!! I 'm gon na sell it to a used CD dealer tomorrow . God , I ca n't wait . Then I 'm gon na run right back home to order another Lonely Bears CD or anything where Terry just plays drums and leaves the singing to someone more qualified .
 Musically this disc is actually good.I 've always liked Bozzio.The problem here is the spoken-word vocals.It ends up sounding like a rock version of hip-hop . If there were no vocals and maybe some guest musicians this could be really good.I 've tried to listen to this and just ignore the vocals , but it 's difficult because they are way up in the mix.The drumming is excellent as usual and Sheehan also is very good , but overall the musicianship ca n't make up for the mix or the overbearing talk-vocals . Next time hire a singer who can add another musical element , rather than detract from some good ideas and rhythm work .
 Unfortunately , the `` singing '' is needed to add melody to an otherwise monotinous album . Nevertheless , very , very nice chops.I could n't listen to more than four songs .
 Musically this disc is actually good.I 've always liked Bozzio.The problem here is the spoken-word vocals.It ends up sounding like a rock version of hip-hop . If there were no vocals and maybe some guest musicians this could be really good.I 've tried to listen to this and just ignore the vocals , but it 's difficult because they are way up in the mix.The drumming is excellent as usual and Sheehan also is very good , but overall the musicianship ca n't make up for the mix or the overbearing talk-vocals . Next time hire a singer who can add another musical element , rather than detract from some good ideas and rhythm work .
 This would be good instrumental music Terry Bozzio ca n't sing I bought it with high expectations very disapointed given the talent level of Terry and Billy Terry stick to playing drums your vocals -LSB- are bad -RSB- !
 Strong contender for the worst album of all time
 Do n't even think of wasting your money on this CD -- it 's a complete ripoff . These recordings may be by the original artists , but they sure ai n't the original recordings . They stink !
 i liked the songs on the cd but they werent all the original singers i have some of the original hits and u could definitely tell the difference
 I had this concert on cassette tape years ago and wanted to buy the CD . As mentioned by others , the music and on-stage entertainment from this `` album '' is top-notch . However , the CD I received sounded like a boot-leg recording of a scratched LP .
 It is a real shame that the record company did not re-release some of the best material from this concert . I have a cassette tape copy , and it is a great treat to listen to it . The quality of the music is top-notch , and the on stage bater is priceless . This is what reunited Makem and Clancy together again ! If you can , search e-bay for a cassette or an LP , do n't waste your money on this botched reissue .
 ... the best track is gone - once again , I find another supposed reissue of an older LP with tracks missing . Why ? This song is the best on the album !
 I am a Puppets fan . I love their melodies and hooks despite their vocals . The other 2 guys do nothing for me , but I figured I would like it if Kirkwood wrote the tunes . After 2 listens , it 's official
 I mean I respect people having different tastes ... but this is as bitter music as two guys on a lawn chair beating on there chests like cavemen . C'mon guys , taste for exotic music is cool too , but what the ... I 'm not gon na get violent though , though I should ... Using self-restraint to prove my point ... this is just a shock from two of their members . You can guess which two I mean .
 I do n't know who the rest of these people are but this records is awful . I was so excited as I am a huge Meat Puppets fan . I have never been more disappointed in a record in my life . At best this record sounds like late commercial Soul Asylum . At worst it sounds like dying wildebeests . The third track `` Inquiring Minds '' should get the band arrested . I played it for a friend as a prank it is so bad.Instead of buying this record , drag your knuckles against a brick wall until the bone is exposed .
 This record really bores the heck out of me . The music just seems so mediocre . The obvious problem is people are looking for some sort of Nirvana brilliance to rub off on this record ; after all , you 've got Nirvana 's co-founder and bassist on it , and in addition , a guy that played with Nirvana on unplugged , one of Nirvana 's most successful feats.Me , I 'm a hardcore Nirvana fan from way back , and one thing about Krist that was always great was the way he 'd sing these freak out jam songs , all crazy with that high-end , sometimes out-of-tune voice . Take their infamous ` Dazed And Confused Jam ' as a perfect example of that . It was always a bit ridiculous and a bit awesome . Plus he was always very witty and humorous and the crazy stuff that would come out of his mouth really added to the greatness . Even Kurt Cobain would complain that Krist Noveselic 's humour outshined his own.Now if Krist would make some freak out music like that old stuff he used to jam on , he 'd be back in the game . He 'd never be as big as Nirvana but I could totally see him touring with bands like Sonic Youth -LRB- obviously -RRB- if he could put together some sort of freak out jam band . Maybe that 'd be too close to his Nirvana days for him . Or maybe he never realized that besides his bass playing , those silly jams were his musical strength . But either way I hope he returns to music some day . The political world needs people like Krist Noveselic in it but the rock and roll world does too !
 To call this album dull is a monumental understatement . I love Folk and Blues , and this album ai n't neither although it tries its hardest to act , sound , and reek of it . But in all actuality , the only thing Eyes Adrift reeks of is disc rot from being left on the shelf unbought in music stores across the country . I never cared for Nirvana very much -LRB- except for Unplugged -RRB- , but you 'd figure a little bit of Kurt 's folk sensibility would have rubbed off on Krist after all those years of them living together . Too bad the only thing Krist was inspired to do was make the worst possible career move a musician of his level of former-fame could make ; Krist Novoselic became a politician . And nobody likes a politician . Especially when he 's a drunk and a stoner like good ` ol Novie . After claiming he did n't quit Eyes Adrift and music altogether because of the money and popularity this record failed to bring him , he then proceeded to whine about how poorly it sold . What , did you actually expect a politician to give a straight answer and not flip-flop ? Me neither . The moral Krist leaves you with
 CD I 've purchased . JC Lodge 's song was the best . The balance was unadulturated boredom .
 I never thought I would live to see the day that the Ryche started grasping at straws . Instead of the well-crafted songs and stellar musicianship I have come to expect , all I hear is a bunch of industrial noise . I do n't blame it on Chris DeGarmo 's departure -LRB- `` Hear In The Now Frontier '' was n't that great either -RRB- , but on someone 's misguided notions about `` what the kids will listen to . '' C'mon , you guys , you can do better than this !
 Please put out an A.P.B. for Chris DeGarmo . This band is the reason I began to play guitar in the early 80s and I want to know what happened . I got married like these guys but my guitar work and songwriting capability has n't become muddy and undestinguishable . What happened to the solo work and the heart wrenching vocals of old ? Queensryche has become just like the other horrible bands that have come out of Seattle . Maybe they need to get out of the rain . You ca n't believe how disappointed I was when this long awaited CD came to me in the mail . The only good comment I can make is at least it 's not Rap .
 Since the release of Empire -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Queensryche 's ability to write great songs has somehow been lost . No surprise , really , considering their best songwriter , Chris DeGarmo , left the band before Q2k was written . Yes , Queensryche 's last two albums with Chris were n't exactly great but at least they were decent . Chris 's absence shows . Q2k is , in my opinion , an awful album . It is just awful songwriting .
 The common thread that runs through the reviews of this CD by people who were less than satisfied is that Chris leaving the band was a bad thing and that QR needs to return to the writing style that built their fan base in the first place.It must be harder to write good songs than I thought - the last 3 CDs have all been a disappointment .
 Before they released this album , their new guitarist Kelly Gray said that they were going to make a much heavier album than the previous album , which I will not mention again for merely the name sends me into epileptic seizures . This album is even worse -- its even got a tambourine on one of the songs ! A TAMBOURINE !!! Apparently the band is still on vacation from writing interesting music , because once again , I can see zero effort in every song on here , except `` Right Side of my Mind , '' which is an excellent song . So there you go . Queensryche rips you off again by giving you one good song amoung a slew of garbage that they probably wrote in one afternoon while heavily intoxicated . Its like hiring someone to do work for you , and they do a real slop job while slacking off , and then working really hard the last ten minutes on the job . There is nothing progressive or interesting about this album . And another thing ; the TITLE -LSB- is horrible -RSB- !!! This album was n't even released in 2000 , it was released in 1999 . Such a title would imply that the band has entered a new phase in life , but such is not the case . They instead intend to wallow in self-indulgent effluvial waste while they tread deeper into the septic tank that is modern pop music . I myself choose not to bear witness to their collapse into oblivion . They should n't have even replaced Chris Degarmo with faceless Kelly Gray , because there are n't any interesting twin guitar harmonies or good solos on here . Unlike most musicians , these guys are actually getting stupider and playing even worse as they get older . Perhaps they have alzheimer 's .
 Man what happened ? Where is the feeling , the energy , the strong meaningful lyrics ? I remember when these guys made a statement and drove it home .
 OK , Queensryche fans , this is the newest CD from our boys from Seattle . Well , lets get right to it , shall we : I kept trying to find an exciting song to listen to here , but I could n't ... I 've been a serious fan of QR since their first album . The songs all seem to have the same sound on this cd . I hate to be the bearer of bad news for QR fans , but , this one is just NOT the Queensryche I 'm used to . If you 're expecting to hear the technical guitar wizardry , the great vocals , the new-aged style of their brand of `` metal '' you so love from these guys , you 're not gon na get it here ... There are no guitar solos here , basic vocals , no excitement ... etc. . It seemed like there was more hype for the release of this album than there was rehersal time in the studio ! I found two or three songs OK , but on a whole , I 'm very dissapointed with this CD . I 'm sure that with the departure of Chris DeGarmo , this group will never be the force they used to be ... However , I hope not . I hope they prove me wrong with their next CD ! Maybe they have matured a bit ? I do n't know ... The songs just have a bit of a horrible `` grungy '' , `` ethereal '' sound . The songs are , in my opinion , just plain ` ol `` BORING '' and have a `` droning '' feel , like all the songs are in slow-motion ! I know they can do much better than this . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not trying to `` bash '' this new cd entirely , some people might really like this `` new '' Queensryche , it 's not the worst CD I 've ever heard , but I warn you , please listen to soundclips BEFORE you buy it . You might not recognize it 's Queensryche at all.Conclusion
 I have been a ryche fan since I first saw them as an opening band . The music mad you feel something when you listened to it . The last two cd 's just do n't do it anymore . It 's almost like they are trying to hard . Maybe it 's the pressures from record contracts or they feel their popularity falling . They need to remember where they came from and who got them there . I usually buy there cd 's without listening first . They are the only band I will ever do that for . There have been so many times when their music was the only thing that made sense , and kept me going . I 'm dissapointed , but I still think they are the best all time band ever . I like Rage For Order the best and hope they can get it together .
 I 'm not going to convince anyone who thinks that Metal is good music that this is a good CD . They 're pretty much too far gone . The first time I ever heard Queensryche was during the Empire days -LRB- You 'd think myself and others like me had leprosy from some of the comments I 've read here -RRB- , and went on to listen to Queensryche 's entire catalog ... and loved it.I 'm not a metal fan . Sure when I was an idiot teenager I listened to Megadeth , Anthrax , all that stuff ... now I like to think that I 've matured ... and my musical tastes have grown . I like harmonies and actual musical talent.The one constant through Queensryche 's many different releases has been its talent . I still like every single one of their releases . In the end , Q2K will be rated as one of their less stellar albums , but it is very listenable if you only put aside your prejudices as to what you think music should sound like and let the masters tell you.Q2K , though much superior to HITNF , may eventually be ranked lower because it adds no new songs to the QR canon . HITNF had Anytime/Anywhere , Spool , and Hit the Black . Q2K has several likable songs , Burning Man , Wot Kinda Man ? , but nothing outstanding.So , if you think The Warning and Rage for Order are the best . . and if you believe Dokken and Savatage should rank with The Beatles as great music , this CD probably is n't for you .
 I 'm listening to the CD right now as I 'm typing , and its droning music and whining lyrics might as well be white noise . Another disappointing album . None of the songs are remarkable . I defy anyone to remember any of the choruses or hooks three hours later . Terrible . While bands like Savatage and Dream Theater seem to be getting better as they get older , Queensryche has fallen apart more and more since Mindcrime . Everyone , do yourself a favor and pick up `` Dead Winter Dead '' or `` Wake of Magellan '' from Savatage -- that 's the kind of music Queensryche should be putting out these days , instead of this sleep-inducing stuff .
 After listening to Queensryche 's latest offering , I must say I was a bit shocked at the number of favorable reviews of Q2K contained in this forum . However , I soon realized , that most of the people positively reviewing this CD , probably discovered QR through MTV 's overplaying of Silent Lucidity and Jet City Woman . For those fans , this CD stacks up well , and seems par for the course.Speaking from the point of view of a fan who fell in love with Queensryche 's music , with the release of their self-titled EP , I must say that Q2K is Queensryche 's fourth disappointing release in a row.It would seem only obvious to cite the departure of Chris DeGarmo as the main reason that Q2K is not worthy of baring the Queensryche monikor . However , since DeGarmo was present for the uninspired Empire , the God-awfull Promise Land , and the boring Hear in the New Frontier , he deserves no such credit.For starters , Geoff Tate 's singing continues to deteriorate . Once reguarded by many as the finest vocalist of the genre , Tate has managed to transform himself into a ho-hum singer . I do n't know whether he has actually begun to lose his voice , or whether he is simply not interested in the vocal acrobatics that he once performed with grand ease . Reguardless of the reason , Tate no longer sings with the precision or passion that were once his trademark.In like fashion , Rockenfield , whose was once one of the finest hard rock drummers , now plays without the intensity and complexity that were once his calling card . I assume this is not so much because he has lost his chops , rather he has dumbed-down his drums to fit QR 's new sleep-inducing style.As a whole , the music that Queensryche is now producing is boring and without any of the characteristics that once made them the finest rock band ever . Gone also are the brilliant , thought provoking lyrics that were capable of creating an emotional response from the listener.I am however glad , that there are people who enjoy the type of music that Queensryche now sees fit to create . They fully deserve all the sucess they can garner . I wish them well , and thank then whole-heartedly for their first four releases .
 QR is a band with an exceptional career and legendary albums . _ Operation
 I am so pissed off that a band with such incredible talent ; that created masterpieces like Rage for Order -LRB- Probably the best album ever recorded -RRB- and Operation
 What happened to this band ? The opening to Operation Mindcrime ... `` For a price I 'd do ` bout anything , accept pull the trigger . For that I 'd need a pretty good cause . '' has more emotion than this whole stinkin ' album . This band lost all emotion since Promised Land . You could feel those songs . There 's nothing to feel here . They started with a new kind of sound on Promised Land . Which is OK . I think we all liked it . But on this one , the music is flat . Nothing stands out . I saw one reviewer complain about the `` wa '' effect on guitars on a lot of the songs . He 's right . The guitars are so weak . Sixteen years ago on The Warning the guitars sounded better ! The music is just kind of `` there '' on Q2K . And Geoff 's vocals are very lame . He talks a lot and his singing style just does n't grab you the way it used to . What happened to the range like on Suite Sister Mary ? What happened to feeling like on Jet City Woman ? What happened to rage like on Damaged ? What happened to disgust like on Needle Lies ? What happened to energy like on Chemical Youth ? Or spirit like Take Hold of the Flame ? A lot of people complained that they went pop with Empire . They did n't . That album was good . I think we all agree . It had emotion . Their overall sound went somewhere ... I do n't know where ... on the last one and continued down there with this one . There was a distinct shift on Promised Land , but the last two albums have n't held up to Promised Land . Similarly , Metallica underwent a sound shift with Metallica . Sadly , Load an Reload have more to offer than Hear in the Now Frontier and Q2K . I thought Michael Wilton was the shredder of the group . With DeGarmo -LRB- Silent Lucidity boy -RRB- gone , I thought Wilton would let loose . Not ! I gave it 3-4 good listens , and there 's not a memorable lick on it . Who the heck is Kelly Gray anyway ? Only song with potential so far is Liquid Sky . This CD will sit racked with the rest of the collection . However , Queensryche -LRB- EP -RRB- through Promised Land are the only ones that will get any play . You could listen to Mindcrime for years and still get something from it . The more you listen to this one , the more it makes you want them to do Mindcrime II . And , why could n't they just do that for us ?! Think of it this way . On New Year 's Eve Y2K , you 'd rather have Mindcrime in the player than Q2K !
 Queensryche , in trying to keep up with mainstream popularity , is continually changing their style , much to the dismay of their original audience . This album lacks the great melodies set by guitarist DeGarmo that was seen in prior albums Operation Mindcrime and Empire . Furthermore , this new album is missing the climatic choruses that Queensryche used to excel at . It seems that this band is trying to keep up with contemporary artists instead of relying on what made them popular in the first place . An overall disapointment ... especially after reading that this new album will do what Def Leppard 's Euphoria had done ... back to their roots . Not happening .
 I have been a fan of QUEENSRYCHE since I heard them in 1983 . I have enjoyed all their albums , especially their earlier ones . I think that each one of the band members has a special talent that adds to the magic of their music . This latest seems to miss one thing , Chris DeGarmo . I am sad that he is no longer with the band . I hope that Kelly Thompson can fill Chris ' big shoes left behind . Sincerely-Dani Francis -LRB- Mike 's wife -RRB-
 Well , I 've listened to the CD for a couple of weeks , now , and most of it is still unbearable . The only saving grace now -LRB- besides a mediocre `` Falling Down '' -RRB- that has come with multiple daily listening is the three song group of `` Beside You '' , `` Liquid Sky '' and `` Breakdown '' , and of those , `` Beside You '' is truly the only memorable one . After those three songs , I just hit rewind , and play those three songs over again . `` When the Rain Comes '' and `` How Could I ? '' , and the last three songs might as well not even be on the CD , because they 're unremarkable and truly forgettable.Where 's Chris DeGarmo 's new band ? All of a sudden , `` All I Want '' from HITNF does n't seem so bad .
 Probably the worst QR album made . I bought the album without seeing or hearing any sales hype , so no `` over the top '' expectations were set . But after the first listen , it was VERY apparent that Chris DeGarmo had left the band . Not only did Chris give QR their definitive sound , but also helped push Geoff Tate into writing and producing some great lyrics . The music on this CD are below QR standard , relying heavily on long , stale grooves that seem to never start , stop or climax . No solos , no hard riffs that imprint memories ... nothing . By the third song you realize that Geoff may still have those golden pipes , but his lyrics really need substantial help . Not only can you predict his next line , but can forcast what the bridge will be for almost EVERY song on this album . Is this the end for one of my Favorite bands ? Lets hope not ...
 This album was a huge disappointment . No inspiration . It sounds as if they were trying to finish out a contract that they were n't happy with . I sold this one back for half price .
 I was very interested to hear what Queensryche would sound like without Chris playing , and after wasting my money buying this album , I decided that I should have borrowed it from a friend ! This CD is not near the quality of any other Queensryche album that 's been put out . I 'm not just saying this because it 's different , because all their albums are different from each other . The technical aspect of their guitar work is far below that of their other albums . And one of the greatest things about Queensryche is sorly lacking on this album
 I was a HUGE queensryche fan up until their previous album HITNF . I held out all hope that this album would be a return to their intelligent lyrics , mesmerizing guitar play and a rock solid rhythm section . I bought this CD the day it came out and listened to it as soon as I got home . Each song was as bland as it 's predecessor . The lyrics were contrived and lacked the emotions of the queensryche I remembered listening to . It seems abundantly clear that Chris DeGarmo was a HUGE factor behind the bands lyrics and music . Many were unhappy with his `` poppish '' song from the previous album . I actually thought it was one of the better songs on the album . It 's beginning to appear that Degarmo is to Tate what Gilmour is to Roger Waters . DeGarmo was apparently the heart of this band and I was terribly saddened after hearing the last song . I have n't listened to it since , which is exactly how I reacted to another fave band , Extreme , going grunge . I simply hope that DeGarmo returns to the band and takes them back to making classic albums like MindCrime , Empire and Promised Land .
 I concur with the majority of people here who think this album bites . I 've listened to everything Queensryche has put out since their EP days . The guitar work is boring , the lyrics dull or moronic , and the vocals are just plain flat ! It 's unbelievable that this is the same group that put out Mindcrime and Empire , albums that were musically and lyrically explosive . I used to tell people Queensryche was the `` thinking man 's metal group '' . After listening to Q2K , I do n't even want to think about them anymore ! C'mon guys , put out the music that everyone knows you 're capable of !!
 I can only repeat what I see is the consensus here . I bought the CD . It was lame . I 've loved Queensryche since I heard `` Gon na get close to you '' and I 'm afraid it has stopped with `` Sign of the Times '' . I even tried not comparing this album to others . But the lyrics are trite , the guitar riffs all sound similar and there 's none of the interesting sound effects that made them an original.I miss Chris !
 What the heck happened after `` Promised Land ? '' This has been my favorite band for 10 years and I love them to death , but this album stinks almost as much as the last one . . where are the soaring lyrics ? Where is the emotion ? Where is that crisp , heart-thumping rhythm ? What happened to songs like `` Take hold of the flame '' , `` Eyes of a Stranger '' , `` Empire '' , `` Bridge '' . . I know they want to stay `` updated '' but at what cost ? If you crave that `` old queensryche '' sound , check out an independent album -- Inflagrante ' Delecto .
 Having been my favourite band of all time , since the release of their first EP , and having the unique honor of meeting them in person , it pains me to write this review . After the disappointing HITNF , I was hoping Q2k would restore my faith in the band . However it was not to be . After listening to Q2K in its entirety , I slapped on a couple of their earlier releases and I could n't believe the difference . Gone is any kind of melody , and Geoff 's voice is getting progresssively worse ! To those who say he is in top form ; I beg to differ !! Whether from the rigors of touring or his stupid smoking habit , Geoff 's voice has been on a steady decline for over a decade now . Gone are the crystal clear , soaring highs and trademark vibrato . He now sneaks up on his notes , and tends to stay in the same annoying register . And if you do n't believe me , check out their `` Live in Tokyo '' video . His voice was 1000 times better than this latest `` studio release . '' But Tate must not shoulder all the blame ... none of the songs realy stuck in my mind , none of them really stood out . I 'm forced to agree with those who say it 's not about the departure of Chris DeGarmo , -LRB- who I consider a songwriting genius -RRB- as he played a large hand in the disappointing HITNF . Nevertheless , I still admire the band and wish them all the sucess in the World . I 'd like to thank them for their earlier releases , but as a longtime fan I expected more . Thank God , King 's X has filled the void for me ...
 man , this album goes absolutely nowhere . it 's even blander and less remarkable than HITNF . i did n't think that would be possible , to be honest . i was really hoping for a return to the glory days , a la the RFO through Empire days . while HITNF has its moments -LRB- `` The Voice Inside '' , `` You '' , and `` Saved '' come to mind -RRB- , this album has nothing worth mentioning . i played two or three times through the first day and that 's it for me . i do n't want to `` accept '' or `` learn '' to like the new QR . i want good , melodic hard rock . they just do n't have it in them anymore , i guess . i mean , it sounds -LRB- and reads -RRB- like they spent an hour max working on the lyrics and arrangements . it 's just five guys f *** ing around in a studio , if you ask me . oh well , we 'll always have those old gems . my last request to this band is this
 Q2K is the best Soundgarden album I 've heard in years.I wish I could blame former guitarist Chris DeGarmo for QR 's ever disheartening spiral into the ugly abyss that is `` 90 's rock '' , but with this latest effort , they 've successfully continued the dronesludge borefest they started with HITNF.Could someone play a real solo , please ? How about some tempo changes ? Perhaps a riff or two ? What happened?I guess when grunge blew up and died in Seattle , a big festering chunk landed on Queensryche . New guitarist Kelly Gray was quoted as saying they 're putting the '' *** '' back in Queensryche -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . Sounds like they succeeded .
 At first after listening to new Qr clips online , a few plays of the album were thrilling , but only on a few songs , and even that did n't seem to last . Queensryche just does n't seem to have that unique abstract energy that they once did . This album is Qr cheapened to a commercial level . It 's sad really ...
 Not a awful CD , but definitely lacks the substance of some of their earlier efforts , ie Promished Land . Just not the same without Chris Degarmo
 for some reason QR ca n't seem to write a catchy tune anymore , as displayed on the last two records . boring , plodding , standard metal . nothing special . dissapointed again .
 I am a huge Queensryche fan ! Most fans will be optimist and try to write things positive about this Q2k . I ` am usually the same type of person . However I have lost my patience . I though the last CD was OK but not up to par . This CD -LRB- Q2K -RRB- is another attempt by a once great band to sound `` modern '' . What happened to awesome solo 's or song lyrics that grab you and make your heart pound and give that lift that only great hard rock/metal music can do . If your looking for material simiar to
 I figured with the exploratory sound on Hear In the New Frontier , Queensryche would give us a back to basics metal album . Sadly , I find that as displeased as I was with Hear , There was much more to like on it than the latest offering . Chris DeGarmo must have shouldered much of the load through the years as far as establishing the band 's once brilliant guitar edge , because most of the time Michael Wilton and new guitarist Kelly Gray sound like a couple of underground 1990 grunge guitarists slowly picking notes into a boom box in the back of a van . There are a few moments , but Geof Tate never really seems to give his voice much of a workout throughout the entire recording , and Scott Rockenfield is guilty of overplaying every song . Eddie Jackson 's play is very reserved and plays it safe . I ca n't belive what a fan I used to be of this band , but with each offering , one ca n't help but feel the previous album they did n't like was n't that bad after all . This is not a return to what they do best , like Def Leppard and Dokken have done . Play Mindcrime and Empire again , this one is definitely one to pass on .
 Thanks to all who gave this cd a less than positive review , which resulted in myself buying it used , thus saving me a bunch a cash because it is not that great.Such negative reviews tend to tee off others who think such a cd is the greatest thing since sliced bread , thus pressing the `` NO '' button on whether the afore-mentioned negative review was beneficial or not.I know , since I have been tempted to do the same thing , and may have.Such negative reviews I believe are mostly done to save others some bucks and to spend their hard earned cash elsewhere.They helped me because I would have been disappointed in spending full price on a cd that is not up to Queensryche standards of well crafted song writing and strong vocals.Let 's just hope they have hit the phase that happened to Helloween when they released two in a row ok but not great cds called `` pink bubbles go ape '' and `` chameleon '' then released three great cds after that being `` master of the rings '' , `` time of the oath '' and `` better than raw '' . It this was a 10 star rating , I would give it 4/10
 I 've been a Queenryche fan since the first EP and I do n't know how to review this record . This is not the real Queenryche for me . This must be a very bad clone . If you 're looking for a first record to buy go for `` Operation Mindcrime '' . If you can afford two go for `` Empire '' . If money is no subjet when you 're talking about great music , buy the first five records and PLEASE avoid `` Hear in the Now Frontier '' and this one . As I said this is not the Real Queensryche .
 First , let me remove myself from the categorical misconceptions certain others might make about me based on my review ... 1 . I have listened to Q2K * many * times . Not just once or twice .2 . I did not , nor have I ever hoped for Mindcrime 2 . That said ... When QR put out HITNF , I was initially disappointed and only after about 5 listens did it really start to grow on me . At this point , I consider HITNF a good Queensryche album . . not their best , not even nearly so . . but a good Queensryche album.When I listened to Q2K for the first time ... I heard nothing that grabbed . Ten listens later , still nothing . The only song that comes close is `` Right Side of My Mind '' - that has the ` ryche `` feel '' but not the unmistakable sound . Q2K to me is , by and large , a forgettable album . Nevermind being a `` good Queensryche album '' , it barely acheives being a `` good rock album '' in my opinion . That one of the most talented groups of the past 20 years is responsible for it is all the sadder to me.Some say that DeGarmo 's leaving the band has everything to do with the difference in their sound . . others say it has nothing to do with it . I say it has alot to do with it . That there was alot of turmoil around the band at that time could n't have helped either.As for DeGarmo 's replacement , Kelly Gray ... I do n't know alot about him , but I 'm confident he is a talented musician in his own right . Perhaps with Q2K he was just getting comfortable in DeGarmo 's shoes -LRB- a big pair to fill by any measure -RRB- and , likewise , the rest of ` ryche were getting used to playing with someone new after almost two decades.Hopefully their next release will show a more solid performance , something more worthy of Queensryche 's name . As such , I 'm keeping myself open-minded to what the future may hold . As for for the established recent past , in this case Q2K . . I 'm afraid it leaves much to be desired .
 I do not know what happened to Queensryche after Empire . Did they take some substance that made them start a slow , and I most say , painful process into becoming horrible song writers . It started with Promised Land , which had a few classics , then HTNF , which had maybe one song that I can actually remember the words to , and this effort . WOW is it bad . I heard it on the internet last night and said to myself ; it has to sound better on CD . NOPE . It is pure garbage . I have front row tickets to their show in San Jose and am just praying that they stick to the classics and play very little off of this effort . My advice to Queensryche is find a cure for whatever happened to , what used to be the most thought evoking band ever ; that now is turning out mindless drivel . Unless they want to be remembered for torturing their loyal fans with one piece of garbage after another .
 I eagerly awaited the new release from one of my favorite bands , & although I did not expect much -LRB- now that the brains behind Queensryche is gone - Chris Degarmo -RRB- I was shocked by how BAD this CD is !!! Just like the saying goes `` Every Dog has his Day '' , Every Band has their day & Queensryche 's day has come & Gone !
 Queensryche 's `` Q2K '' is an album that is almost universally reviled by Queensryche fans . With the departure of guitarist and principle songwriter Chris DeGarmo , the band 's future was in doubt . His replacement , guitarist Kelly Gray , just was n't up to the challenge . The band , which has always evolved musically , continued this trend with this album -- the problem was that hte sound they 'd evolved to was n't particularly engaging , and thi is coming from somoene who enjoyed both `` Hear in the Now Frontier '' and `` Tribe '' quite a bit -- `` Q2K '' just does n't work.Continuing the trend of somewhat stripped down arrangements of the previous album , Geoff Tate moves into a lower register , and most of the songs feature extensive vocal harmonies at a minimum in the chorus . The problem is that the songs are n't particularly good . `` Falling Down '' , `` How Could I ? '' , `` Breakdown '' , `` Wot Kinda Man '' , and several others feature nice arrangement , good harmonies , but are n't particularly good songs . And yet it seems like the strong arrangements get either overambitious or just purely awful on some of the better pieces
 QUEESRYCHE FANS BEWARE , THIS IS A STINKO.IF YOUR LOOKING FOR ANOTHER EMPIRE OR EVEN HEAR IN THE NOW FRONTIER FORGET IT.THIS CD JUST DOES NOT GET IT.APARENTLY THE LOSS OF GUITAR PLAYER CHRIS DEGARMO WAS JUST TO MUCH FOR THEM.IF THIS IS HOW THEY ARE GOING TO GO , PLEASE BRING CHRIS BACK FAST .
 This is horrible . I was hoping they would have a return to form after the joke called HITNF , but I was wrong . What happened to good music ? Did they forget how to write ? These guys should hang it up , because they are well-done .
 After the last flop Hear In The Now Frontier one would think that Queensryche would take a step back and re-evalute their musical direction , but no , even after losing DeGarmo they kept plugging along on the same boring path as the last CD . What happened to Queensryche 's musical imagination ?? It obviously exited stage left with DeGarmo . Every one of the songs on this recent attempt are forgettable , there 's nothing there for you to sit back and say `` wow good riff or how 'd they get that sound '' Without Degarmo 's imaginative songwriting -LRB- unfortunately not evident on the last CD either -RRB- Queensryche has just become a mediocre band from Seattle . If you 're interested in REAL Queensryche songs purchase anything before Hear In The Now Frontier . What a shame ...
 I seem to remember one or possibly two passable songs off of this release but this pile largely picks up where Here In The Lame Frontier leaves off . To add insult to injury , Geoff Tate hired some hack named Kelly Grey to enable him to achieve his fiercely determined , meteoric plunge into the depths of banality . S2K , Sucksryche for the Nu-Millenium
 I could n't agree with a Music Fan from Pittsburgh 's 9/27/99 review more.The first thing you should know that Chris DeGarmo is no longer with the bad . Yes , the same Chris DeGarmo who was responsible for writing 95 % of their music . Not only an accomplished writer but a great guitarist as well . I have listened to the disk 8 times all the way through and there really is n't a memorable song on the disk . The only two songs that even resemble a bad QR song are Falling Down and The Right Side of My Mind.For anyone out there hoping for anything close to Operation Mindcrime or Empire , bury the dream . Rage for Order blows this one away . Their last two cd 's which were marginal at best -LRB- compared to Mindcrime and Empire -RRB- at least had some memorable songs like
 The effort is somewhat lacking , to an extent , that it does n't sound like The Ryche at all . If you want to hear classic QR , better get the older albums.I hate to say this , but we want Chris back .
 This is all but a joke . Being a Queensryche fan from the first EP in 1982 , this all but completes their career for me . The only salvagable song is the last one -LRB- The Right Side of My Mind -RRB- , and they would do far better in all aspects if they produced more material along this line . Maybe the tour with Maiden and Halford will give them a shot in the arm . I will give them one more shot , and if they reguriTATE the same grungy garbage , they wo n't get another cent from me . There 's plenty of other good stuff being released -LRB- Dokken , Maiden , Fates Warning , Motley Crue , Dio , etc. -RRB- so if they ca n't cut it anymore , they should hit the golf course , for good . I really hope they can come back with a worthy next release , more identifiable of their sound , which is the reason they are where they are . If not , they can always tour with the Scorpions , or maybe even the Backstreet Boys :-RRB- ...
 Well , I have had this cd for a year now . I thought I would give it time to grow on me , but it never did . Queensryche has really lost it . In the first song `` Falling Down '' one of the lines states
 Another dissapointment here , when DeGarmo left so did the heart and soul of Queensryche . With the exception of 2 good songs the rest is very weak . I expected Wilton to shine now that it was his turn to step up , but it did n't happen . The guitars are very thin throughout , Kelly Gray does nothing here . His influence is questionable -LRB- remember Dokken 's Shadowlife CD ? -RRB- he produced it . Well , maybe some day DeGarmo will come back and save the mighty Ryche !
 Throw in the towel !! God , this is awful !! Queensryche really should have stopped after `` Operation Mindcrime '' but this is just embarrasing . Sad , sad , sad !!!
 That 's , well true of where I work now , but how I feel listening to this album . Or at least when I relate how I felt at the time , reminds me of the office I work in . Well my office is worse , mostly fat old women , but the same concept will still apply . Kind of like being in an area where all the women are less than attractive , and you find a couple that are , eh ok , maybe 5 's or 6 's , those suddenly rise to your attention , when if you were out at the bars , you would n't give them a second thought . Or to put this in terms of a Queensryche album , you take the few songs I , eh like , and put them on any of the previous albums and they would be barely recognizable , except for having a different sound . But , let 's say which ever album you put How Could I , Falling Down , or Liquid Sky , the songs I kept , say they 'd take on the sounds of that particular album , Mindcrime , Warning , Empire , then my statement would really hold true . There 'd be nothing recognizable , except seeing the song title and wondering , `` Why ca n't I remember that song ? '' . Most of the songs on here are n't TERRIBLE . They just are n't any good . Many have a few good ideas , but they just did n't take the time to make them better , nor expand on what they had . This is evident in the choruses especially . the songs I mentioned seemed to have the best choruses , and they were n't that great . Take Breakdown , which had decent verses , but when it came time for the hook ... All Tate could come up with was , `` headed for a breakdown . . A breakdowwwwwnnn ... `` The sound of the guitars is n't really that great either , but I do n't really hod that too much against them because a lot of bands in the late 90 's were coming out with albums with crappy sounds . On a positive note , Tate 's vocals improved slightly from the previous album . they were still decent , and you could almost hear the Tate of old , well Empire or Promised Land era anyways.Overall I do not recommend this to a newcomer . Get anything that came before this one . If you like the band , and are checking out albums you missed then I recommend listening to it on youtube , if it 's up , first , and seeing if you like it first . I would n't have gotten it if I 'd done that . And , now with all the sites selling MP3 's I could just buy the 3 ok songs I wanted .
 I 'm sorry to say it but this was once my favorite band and Operation Mindcrime is probably the best cd ever , but I am really disappointed in Q2K.I ca n't blame the departure of Chris Degarmo cause HITNF was below par too . I think they should have hunted for a guitarist instead of going straight to Kelly . Most bands go with the flow of what is popular with today 's youth instead of continuing to play what got them to where they are . This is what their fans want from them . Small changes are good but trying to please people with commercial pop tunes -LRB- which I consider a huge change -RRB- is wrong . I borrowed this cd thank god cause I wo n't buy it . This is to the guys of Queensryche , If you want to get back to the minchrime/empire days when you could do no wrong , do n't be the norm . Make another cd like those because it can be done by you , but you have to want to . Do n't lose your loyal fans by making any more Q2K 's , go back to your roots . PLEASE !!!
 What does Queensryche sound like with a new mediocre guitarist ? I remember listening to this album repeatedly to see if I liked it , then listened again months later . I still ca n't stand it . The lyrics do n't really strike any chords and the music is nothing _ but _ chords . It 's bargain bin fodder.All of their albums up until Empire were great . Empire had some good songs . I even like `` Promised Land '' and `` Hear in the Now '' after that . Q2K and Tribe test my patience .
 Without Chris DeGarmo , QR became an ordinary hard rock band . Actually , * extremely * ordinary . I really ca n't even get through this album . DeGarmo seemed to be the guiding force behind QR 's best work and without him , there seems to be no direction - nothing holding the songs together and nothing feeling very passionate . The music is played well & Tate sounds find , but this does not stand up to their best work -LRB- _ Promised Land _ , _ Empire _ , & _ Mindcrime _ -RRB- . Listening to this album will only make you want to shut it off , grab one of their classics , and remind yourself why you liked them so much in the first place .
 OH MY GOD WHAT IN THE H #LL WERE THEY SMOKING ? THIS ISNT EVEN FUNNY BECAUSE THESE GUYS HAVE TALENT I KNOW WE HAVNT HEARD.BUY THE WAY WHO EVER WROTE THIS IS THE BEST HAS NEVER BEEN '' ON THE ROAD TO MADNES ! `` ORSEEN `` SUITE SISTER MARY `` I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU AND ALL THE GREAT MUSIC YOU MISSED.I WAS HOPING THIS WOULD BE ANOTHER MINDCRIME OR BETTER BOY I COULDNT HAVE BEEN MORE SHOCKED
 I think it is clear that all the screaming and Touring has caused permenant damage to Tates voice -- that is the reason for the change in their music . It is really a shame and is not the bands fault the tunes just dont sound the same without his high energy vocals.I would bet anything that when we hear Chris ' new band -- the vocalist with have restored Tate-type voice.I will say that I saw QR last year live and even though they had to tip-toe around the high notes and screams of old -- they can put on an awesume show
 I was a HUGE queensryche fan up until their previous album HITNF . I held out all hope that this album would be a return to their intelligent lyrics , mesmerizing guitar play and a rock solid rhythm section . I bought this CD the day it came out and listened to it as soon as I got home . Each song was as bland as it 's predecessor . The lyrics were contrived and lacked the emotions of the queensryche I remembered listening to . It seems abundantly clear that Chris DeGarmo was a HUGE factor behind the bands lyrics and music . Many were unhappy with his `` poppish '' song from the previous album . I actually thought it was one of the better songs on the album . It 's beginning to appear that Degarmo is to Tate what Gilmour is to Roger Waters . DeGarmo was apparently the heart of this band and I was terribly saddened after hearing the last song . I have n't listened to it since , which is exactly how I reacted to another fave band , Extreme , going grunge . I simply hope that DeGarmo returns to the band and takes them back to making classic albums like MindCrime , Empire and Promised Land .
 They 're on a totally different track now to appeal to a different audience . Geoff 's singing about `` Someone Else , Not Me . '' It has nothing to do with old fans being stuck in the past and not accepting change . Original fans like myself could accept change and new directions if they were good ! A band is supposed to mature and evolve , get deeper . Where 's the depth , the lyrics , the melodies , the guitar solos , the intensity ? Where 's the passion in his voice ?! There are only two good songs with even a hint of real Q coming through , the rest is boring and lifeless . I just do n't understand how they could create such great music in their early years and then regress like this after PL . Empire and PL were new directions too , but it was still Queensryche . I ca n't believe the trashing DeGarmo 's getting . Trademark Queensryche left with him . HITNF was so bad because the band was fighting over `` creative differences '' , and obviously DeGarmo lost . If this is the new direction , they may gain new fans , but they will lose the old faithful ones as well as their individuality .
 This is a very uninspiring album . Only a couple tunes are catchy , none are edgy . I wish they could sing a different type of background vocal , and I 'm tired of the waahh-waahh guitar sound in the background , present both on this album and Hear in the Now Frontier . I used to LOVE these guys , and have been a fan since the EP and The Warning came out and I blasted them in my dorm room while studying . I think nearly all of us agree that Promised Land was the creative end of the band , they 're just putting out stuff now for the sake of supporting them and their families . It 's okay , we 'll always have Mindcrime , which has enough genius in it than most band 's entire discography .
 After the refreshing `` Hear in the Now Frontier , '' Queensryche has returned with an unfortunate change of style . After years of playing prog metal , it is odd that they waited until 1999 to begin picking up elements of industrial and grunge , even if they are from Seattle . The result is a forgettable set of songs and a major misstep . There are no highlights here to mention and die hard fans only need buy this one .
 Everything I loved from Queensryche ... their playing , Tate 's vocals , and amazing songwriting ... HiTNF and this simply mock . None of those great highs and lows where Geoff Tate seems to duel w / Ian Gillian , none of the gut-wrenching poetry I 've come to love . Empire was worth the money just for `` Empire '' and `` Anybody Listenning ? '' , Rage for Order , however dated , still shows great poetry , and their other albums are in the middle somewhere , though all worth buying . However , they 've now released two that are nothing but crap . No poetry being belted out by Tate 's amazing throat , and none of that great songwriting ... the whole album is predictable , and the only good track is `` On the Right Side of My Mind '' . Hopefully , this poor album is simply related to the new label I see ...
 Once again , another great metal band falls victim to the grunge/alternative hole . Save some money ; do n't buy this CD . Save it for older Queensryche , like Rage For Order and Empire .
 This is regressive rock with lyrics that sound like a forced attempt to imitate Promised Land . The expected Queensryche emotion , energy , insanity , and creativity have faded to a rather boring mess .
 Queensryche used to be a band that mattered and made thought provoking , intense music with awesome guitar work and even more amazing singing by Geoff . If that is what got you hooked on Queensryche , DO N'T BOTHER BUYING THIS CD !!!!! This is not the Queensryche of old , but hey if you are into shallow , grungy music with no integrity or meaning , by all means pick this up !
 `` Live Grape '' is a welcome addition to any Moby Grape fan 's collection because of its historical importance , being the 1978 reunion album . Truth be told , the contents are slight because of the absence of original drummer Don Stevenson and original bassist Bob Moseley . Skip Spence apparently makes a cameo or two -LRB- `` Must Be Goin ' Now Dear '' -RRB- . With substitutions Cornelius Bumpus -LRB- later in the Doobie Brothers -RRB- and John Oxendine , the playing is very well executed and the energy level is high . However , the creative songwriting impetus that carried them through their first five albums seems to be lost . There are some highlights , including the Peter Lewis compositions `` That Lost Horizon '' and `` Up In The Air '' . Overall , one gets the impression that Moby Grape were , at this stage , a great bar band -LRB- the Cornelius Bumpus tune `` Set Me Down Easy '' is a great example -RRB- . Unfortunately , without the full quintet of principals , the writing is n't as varied . One misses the the throaty soulfulness of Moseley , the other half of the Miller/Stevenson writing duo and the mercurial fire of a fully-participative Skip Spence .
 I have to admit that I hate to be disappointed by a Towa Tei project , even though technically it 's not his fault this remix collection is lukewarm at best . The Sharp Boys ' remix of `` Congratulations ! '' is a good track , incorporating unexpected samples from the song with a tweaked housed beat , and Jay Denes 's remix of `` A Ring '' is a breezy , funky disco number that salvages some of the humor present in the original version . The remixes of `` Angel '' and `` Butterfly '' choose to go the obvious way -- into even faster breakbeats and more of a drum 'n' bass atmosphere than the originals , but lose some personality as a consequence . The `` Pianopella '' version of `` Funkin ' for Jamaica '' is exactly that , nothing too exciting , and Victor Calderone 's remix of the same song sounds very much like any remix of any song he 's done -- cliche house at its most vapid , Joanne Thomas 's vocals treated just like any other diva 's ... in other words , too long and too boring . Clubheads might enjoy most of this remix project , but Towa Tei fans might be a bit disappointed .
 I 've enjoyed Chris Knight 's music for some time , on radio and in other people 's collection . But DO N'T BUY THIS CD if you plan to use a computer to play it
 It must be confessed that I bought this CD by mistake . I thought it might have been by Christopher Knight , the former actor of Brady Bunch fame -LRB- or infamy -RRB-
 2 1/2 These morose minimalist melodies can at best emit hazily haunted intrigue , though more often lets the ambient repetition wear thin .
 My problem with this album is that it sounds too much like Anne Clark & Vini Reilly -LRB- i.e. Durruti column type of soundscapes -RRB- , early Slowdive era , ... it 's just mere emulation , no innovation or genius as other reviewers pointed out . Furthermore anyone out there would prefer listening to the actual innovators
 Bjorn Strid needs to stab himself in the face and the other band members need to jump off a cliff for allowing this atrocity to occur.I was highly anticipating this album . I got Into Soilwork through Natural Born Chaos , an amazing melodic death album , and Figure Numer Five had some good moments . I went further back into their catalogue and got Predator 's Portrait and Steelbath Suicide , and those albums blew me away . Complex riffing , ambient keyboards , crazy solos , and Bjorn 's vocals were great.Stabbing the Drama on the other hand basically spells the end of Soilwork as a Gothenburg band because this album is pure watered down Nu Metal garbage . It sounds like Dry Kill Logic with some synth in it.Bjorn 's voice has turned into an annoying tough guy growl , the riffs are so simple I can probably play most every song on this album and I 've been a guitarist for only 4 months . No more mind blowing solos , harmonies and melodies , just the same muddy bar chord riffing in every goddamn song with what do you know a sing a long chorus to match.While every American band is evolving and adapting the complex style that Soilwork helped pioneer they are devolving and taking up a sound that sounds like the last days of the Nu Metal explosion.If this is n't bad enough , the new music video for the single off Stabbing the Drama shows only Bjorn with a beanie on walking around a junkyard . Not one other band member is shown AT ALL . Not even for a frame . The whole point of metal is to display the musicmanship of the band members , not glorify the lead singer . The band may as well be called Strid.If you 're a fan of bands like Dry Kill Logic , Nothingface , Slipknot , Fear Factory , and the like you may like this . But for those who are looking for complex metal or the Soilwork of old stay the hell away from this crap pile.I 'd recommend getting the new Dark Tranquillity over this . They unlike In Flames and Soilwork have not compromised their Gothenburg sound for commercial success .
 So irritating to hear these guys paint radio rock with a thin layer of metal , using the deteriorating skeleton of the `` Soilwork sound '' as a brush . So pitiable to hear Bjorn awkwardly -LSB- attempt to -RSB- hit notes outside his vocal range . So ironic the album cover is proportional to the music in terms of boringness.Oh , but then there 's `` Blind Eye Halo , '' the obligatory pseudo-thrash snoozer . The inclusion of this song means Soilwork are as great as ever , evidently . Too bad the drug industry could sell bits of this song to cure insomnia.Basically , this album is fail . Try Chainheart Machine and A Predator 's Portrait , those albums were Soilwork 's peak .
 Let the `` was this review helpful to you ? ... no `` s roll . Believe it or not , I 'm not here to give this album a 5 . I 'd much rather try balancing that deceiving 4 stars the album currently has . Which will be hard to do with an album tailor made to garner the widespread support of mallcore kids the world over . But try I must ! I would realistically give this 2 stars . Soilwork has sold out . In a witty retort to the question `` Why ?!?! '' Speed -LRB- vocals -RRB- only commented , `` Hey soilmates , we 're facing the end !! '' For a band that could do anything and go any direction at this point in their career , they would be hard-pressed to have done worse . If you 'd like to hear some Soilwork remotely worth listening to , check out their first and second Steelbath Suicide and Chainheart Machine . Really everything before Figure Number Five is pretty swell . A long-time follower of Soilwork , I started worrying about the way they looped simple catchy riffs and lyrics closer and closer together with each album . The main problem with being catchy is usually sacrificing long-term listenability , depth , and variety . With this album , Soilwork has completed their transition from ambitious light melodic death metal to mainstream nothingness . Speaking of variety , the tracks sound mostly the same too . You may find yourself wondering how track one became track four . No depth is to be found here as the act of stabbing drama apparently does n't involve much thinking . On a side note , the last time I saw anything being `` one with the flies '' it was brown n ' squishy . Could the parallels have been drawn into this album ... ? But I digress . This album is garnering a lot of attention . And why not ? Maybe friendly soil-metal sounds good to you too.Curiously , I thought that despite their heavy association with associate contemporaries In Flames , who notoriously traded their interesting and original sound for nu-metal pop sing-alongs , the disease would surely not be contagious . Well , if you liked In Flames daringly regressive `` Soundtrack to Your Escape , '' you 're gon na love this !
 I plan on going to Ozzfest this year , despite the unusually lackluster lineup -LRB- I 'm really only going to see In Flames , Mastodon , Rob Zombie , Killswitch Engage , Mudvayne , Maiden , and of course Sabbath -RRB- , so I 've been trying to get into more bands that are on this year 's tour . I 've heard nothing but good things about Soilwork -LRB- this was before this particular album 's release -RRB- , and I knew they were -LRB- supposedly -RRB- melodic death metal , and being that melo death is more or less my favorite genre of metal I decided I 've give them a shot , but I waited for the release of this album , which I had seen advertised , before I actually purchased anything , as I wanted to get this first . That worked with Dark Tranquillity -LRB- `` Character '' is a jaw-dropping album -RRB- , but maybe I should 've started with an older release with Soilwork.After all the rave reviews I 've seen of their past albums , and simply their label of melodic death , I expected to hear some complex and beautiful music on this album . I really did n't get it . While I 'm not saying that Soilwork does n't have talent , I 'm just saying that if they do have it , they 're not showing it as much as they should be on this record . The songwriting is bland as can be , like a pop rock record
 I feel bad for Soilwork fans . Soilwork has changed from melodic death metal to Nu-metal . Although I like this cd better than figure # 5 which sucked beyond belief , this is a pretty good album if you are into nu-metal . Think simple riffs and classic hooks ... that explains this album . If you want to listen to serious metal check out cipher system , bynight , mnenic , dark tranqulity and strid 's side project with disarmonia mundi which kicks ass . I give this 2 stars because this is not Soilwork anymore ... it is metal commercialized just like Killswitch and ill nino .
 Not as good as `` NATURAL BORN CHAOS '' and `` FIGURE NUMBER FIVE '' . Absent are the more melodious guitar solos and ambient keyboard atmospheres . It seems that they are trying to please the mindless brutal pit moshers . `` STABBING THE DRAMA '' will not be very memorable at all - they do not demonstrate any evolution whatsoever.Overall , I am not that fond of this band - they are way inferior to fellow countrymen OPETH and DARK TRANQUILITY . Their style of METAL sounds like some contrived hybrid of FEAR FACTORY , CHAIMERA , MESHUGGA & INFLAMES - a bit too cyber/industrial sounding with nu-metal/metalcore attributes . According to my taste and standards , this is not true METAL at all . Just alot of noise and punch . Anyone who says that this is some of the best metal they have ever heard probably does not have very diversified taste in music and not much listening experience.Spend no more than $ 3.00 for this .
 If there was one thing that Soilwork had shown during its first few albums , was the bands ability to mix so many forms of metal into one , and make it work . When I heard the first few works by this band , I had thought they were the most unique band since `` Hypocrisy '' . Even though I am not die hard fan of Soilwork , I still enjoyed what they had to offer , and found myself sneaking in a listen every now and then . As the albums and time went on , it was apparent that Soilwork was starting to change over their musical style . They had seemed to abando some of their Death and Thrash metal sound , and were almost crossing into a more Nu Metal sound . That is fine . Even though some Metal Heads critize Nu Metal as being generic and poppy , that is a really broad statement . There are some Nu Metal bands that are fantastic . True , some are generic and sound like every other , but some try their best to create that sound , while still creating thier own `` Bells and Whistles '' to stand out from the rest . So on to `` Stabbing the Drama '' When I first heard it , I was ashamed that Soilwork would even be dabbling around with this generic sound . Gone was everything they had built , only to be torn down my genric pop Nu Metal core , almost like the band was releasing something for the masses of pop radio , and not for the fans who so dug the sounds that made them stand out from the rest . True , there are fans and people that will love this album , but I tend to be really critical of bands that have a ton of talent , and then release an album of this calibur . Korn , Metallica , Machine Head , Pantera and Coal Chamber are all bands that I had either loved the debuts , or some of the bands early works . Then it seemed that they crossed over in sound , and in my opinion , this was done not because of a want to make something different -LRB- most of us know that as we get older , we all seem to have changes or long for something different musically -RRB- but they did it to sell more albums and appeal to the masses . Some of those bands recovered , some didnt , but the damage was still done . So the conclusion is , what will you think of `` Stabbing the Drama '' It depends on what you are looking for . New to Soilwork ? Like a more generic Sound or simple Metal ? Yes , you might like it . Even fans of Soilwork might appricate the change here . I look at this as strictly a marketing gimmic . I also found myself not liking one single track . Not a ONE ! Change can be good , but here , change isnt good . Sometimes it is just better to leave well enough alone .
 I think Soilwork reached their peak with Natural Born Chaos . Figure Number Five showed us Soilwork reaching for a commercial direction , and Stabbing the Drama is the final execution of that idea.I want so bad to like this album , but I could only recoil in horror as `` Fate in Motion '' played through and I came to the realization that it sounded like a Korn song . I do n't even mean `` one riff sounded Kornish '' or `` this chorus sounds Korn-like '' , but the SONG AS A WHOLE.There are moments of their past glory scattered about an album which is , as a whole , mostly commercial nu-metal pop trash . As an example , while I like chocolate , I do n't especially like feces with chocolate chunks mixed in.A tolerable album , but mediocre and a slap in the face to their previous work . Melodic death metal fans should buy Dark Tranquillity - Character or Insomnium - Since The Day It All Came Down instead .
 I thought this album would have really stood out from the other soilwork albums , the vocals are n't strong enough , the heaviness in this album is a low down , pretty calm and mellow , -LRB- track 3 -RRB- weapon of vanity probably a good track . 2 stars ; one for the mixed around drum work , and another star for the bonus track .
 Soilwork really blew it again with this one . I 've listened to this cd more than enough times to make a judgement on it , and my judgement is that it sucks . . really bad . The only good track on the cd is Nerve . The number of good riffs on the album can be counted on one hand . Most albums I listen to have more good riffs on a single song . I do n't mind melodic singing , or real singing at all . I 'm not just a death metal listener . I listen to Power Metal and Prog as well . The instrumental work is sorry , the singing is decent at best , and the songwriting is terrible . It 's obvious Soilwork continues to aim their sound at people who think Slipknot and Atreyu are the heaviest bands around . This is a sorry excuse for Gothenburg material . If you want a band that 's evolved , and not devolved ... check out Dark Tranquillity - Character . They 've evolved , unlike Soilwork ... who 's devolved into a band I no longer respect , nor consider a band I like anymore . Wichers knew this , and that 's why he left this sinking ship .
 Come on guys this albumn is not amazing or briliant . I mean aside from a few decent riffs , this hinges on nu-metal . I hate to say this about a band that Dark Tranquility actually praised but its true . The songs , as stated in other reviews , are simple and extremely formulated . The are some catchy songs but hell nu-metal and metalcore have these . I read the albumn label and it said the Swedish Metal Masters are back , come on . They should be considered lucky to be in the same breath as the three kings -LRB- In Flames , Dark Tranquility , At the Gates -RRB- of Swedish Metal . If your into Mudvayne or Slipknot buy this . If you like hellashiously kick ass music buy early In Flames or DT .
 I thought I should give my 2 cents on this album . I became a fan of Soilwork with their release Natural Born Chaos . I am not a big metal fan , I actually ca n't stand metal at all -LRB- with the exception of newer soilwork and newer in flames -RRB- . I was really turned onto their music by the song As We Speak , which did a great job at mixing synths and metal . It was beautiful . I picked up the cd and loved it . Figure number five came out and i thought it was ok . There are a few really great songs on that album.I was looking forward to this album . I heard Nerve on their site and got even more anxious . I just recently put it in my car stereo ... and that will probably be the last time i do . The only songs that were have decent were Nerve and the last two tracks . The rest sounded too repetative , too dry . And what happened to all the synths ? They are merely backround layers , not too much lead as on the last two albums . They clearly just tried to put out more headbanging songs . I was greatly dissappointed by this cd . However , i 'm sure fans of Soilwork 's older material will appreciate this more . But a lot of the `` singy '' choruses on this album seem really forced and out of place . Sorry , but I 'll stick to NBC and FN5 .
 What is this crap ? Chainheart Machine was a great album and then I hear this as their new release . There is nothing good about this CD the vocals sound like a little girl crying and the music sounds like Korn of some other crap amercian metal band . Soilwork has lost their touch . I didnt believe they did until I saw them live with Dark Tranquillity . I had to leave 30 seconds into their set and I heard they played a half hour longer < _ < This CD deserves a 0 . Any true metal fan should aviod this at all costs
 You guys are funny . Ok im not gon na lie , Soilwork used to be a guilty pleasure for me . After this album , I 'm burning anything with that name on it . Yes , they are great musicians , awesome musicians . But even their old cd 's -LRB- my fav , figure number five -RRB- are all soooooo predictable and cheesy . Every chorus is like 2 or 3 major scale notes both vocally and lyrically . Some riffs are cool , and their solos are so solid , but lets face it , they are 10 years too late . Everything they do has been done . This album is n't even catchy like some of their others . WASTE OF MONEY . You want good new metal with something to listen to not just mosh to ? Go for Nothingface or American Headcharge . They throw down something infinitely greater than overpolished 80 's riffs and choruses . All bands such as this and in flames are dead because there is nothing new to listen for . Great Musicians , but can do so much better if they just move on . Even Killswitch has gone almost totally emo , makes me want to cry . Like I said , Soilwork 's `` Stabbing the drama '' is metal pop . Heh I like that , because unfortunately it is true . So many people think they have an opinion and in all actuality like to hear cheesy outplayed predictible garbage . Yes , you , the 12 year old kid , can learn the major scale and write these songs appart from the solo 's . But lets face it , who puts in these solo 's still . There are a million guitar players that can play those , but a thousand who can write an original song . Soilwork needs a consultant . You need to turn away from this album .
 Ladies and gentlemen , I have contemplated suicide after listening to this filth . Let me tell you a story ... About 4 years ago , I purchased an album by a band called ` Creed ' . The music that expelled from my speakers was innovative , original and to put it quite frankly , the best band I have ever heard . Now fast forward over to 2005 , and along comes a band with an unoriginal name such as ` Soilwork ' . To give you a hint of what this band sounds like , imagine the band gathered around A CD burner , burning Creed 's album ` Human Clay ' onto a blank disk , and then writing the word ` Soilwork ' on the once blank cd . If this isnt a good enough hint for you , then I presume you have an I.Q. below 75 . This is the biggest rip off of Creed I have ever heard , and I have heard quite a bit . If you cant see that , then you must have gallons of water atop your brain . It seems as if every riff , beat , bassline and vocal work was stolen from the Gods of Creed and put onto this CD . If that isnt piracy , then I dont know what is . I give Jada Pinkett Smith 's -LRB- Will Smith 's wife -RRB- band , ` Wicked Wisdom ' more credit than the members of Soilwork -LRB- who by the way all have trisomy 21 -RRB- . For the real deal , Check out Creed or Creed-Influenced bands like Puddle of Mudd , Nickleback , 3 Days Grace and Hoobastank . Peace Out-Franky
 I found myself dissapointed when I first heard this record . I had been expecting somthing different . I let it fall into the depths of my CD book , and stopped listening to it . About 1-2 weeks ago , I thought I would pop it in ... Let me just say I was blown away . I dont know how I wrote it off as nothing special when I gave it the first 5 spins or so , but I was amazed that I stopped listening to it . Now enough of that ... here is what I truly think of the record.Let me say that this is not like any other Soilwork CD released thus far . It is along the lines of `` Figure Number Five '' but adds some elements remenicent of `` a Predators Portrait '' . I find this CD much , much better than `` Figure Number . . '' in the sense that it seems to have more depth , and rawness . Every track gets your head banging at one point or another . Speed creates a beautiful blend of raw vocals , and mixes in the harmonous , singing very nicely . From start to finish ... once it grows on you this is a great CD ... almost combines their last 4 CD 's all into one , but sounds like nothing else they have ever done before . A must have record in 2005 !!! * Update
 Horrible ! I first caught ear of Glampire through his rather aggressive marketing in various underground subculture oreinted zines such as ` OUTBURN ' , ` GOTHIC BEAUTEY ' , and ` NEWGRAVE ' . I love glamrock as well as gothic rock ... and I heard a decent Glampire song `` Kill All Those feelings '' on the Unquiet Grave Compilation 3 by Cleopatra records ... I decided to give in and buy a full length album by this Glam-Q-Cumbur ... to my anticipated dissapointment , my doubts were all confirmned . For the record , yes , `` Glamflake '' can sing just fine ... but this music and overall production just sucks a ** ... and not pretty glamrock vampyric goth a ** ... more like jogger sporting-mustache-retired cop a ** !! Major Suckage going on here people ! Do n't bother with ` Soft white ghetto ' ... BTW , does n't that -LRB- Soft White Ghetto -RRB- sound like a great name for a toilet paper brand for rappers ? If you like glamrock/Spacepop/glitter metal ... Stay with David Bowie , Bryan Eno , Placebo , Psychotica , Roxy Music , The Darkness , Tubeway Army , or Marilyn Manson 's Mechanicl Animals album . Glampire will only rob your wallet and test your patience . Truly , ... he really , really , totally , sucks in a major , major , Un-MajorTom way !!!!! Ok , I 've got some ecstacy and blue faethers to get back to . Tata . > : -RRB-
 Glampire 's ` Beggining of Terror ' was the worst 14 dollars I ever spent . It lacked originality , creativity and to be honest , talent . If I want to listen to the Cure , or NIN , I will buy the original , not some cheezy knock-off . Do not buy .
 the remastering job and cover art and liner notes are great , but westbound edited the beginning of atmosphere . i bought this version instead of the import because i read that the import had this edit also , so i figured that westbound would n't make the same mistake but they did . the edit is just stupid because it 's only about 10 seconds they take off the beginning of the song and it makes no sense to do it.don ' t buy until you know for sure that the edit has been fixed .
 A pathetically wack jam compared to all other 1960 's and 70 's P-funk . Get it last .
 I am a big Who fan , and have been since 1981 ... this album is truly bad . I bought the double LP of this concert in 1983 when it came out . The mix is muddy beyond belief , Daltrey 's vocals are buried and sounds like he is gargling . The guitar is ... difficult to describe , there 's no ` snarl ' like you find in other recordings ... it sounds bleary and tired . There are virtually no solos ... just monotonous windmilling chords in the place of vibrancy . The drumming is wooden and passionless , it is everything you do n't expect from the who . I ca n't think of any reason at all to buy this except to see how ` by the numbers ' they had become . All other live recordings of the who are good to brillant ... this should never have been released ... let alone rereleased .
 I just do n't get it . $ 65 -LRB- current price -RRB- for the CD and the DVDA goes for $ 9 ... . how crazy is that . DVDA = CD ...
 Jewell Woman 2 Woman is the only reason I have this Soundtrack . When I first heard that song I knew I had to buy Murder Was Case . I love that song so much and Im glad that I have it . The rest of the songs are okay I guess . I nevered really listened to the other tracks besides the ones released as singles . Its funny how a great R&B song like Woman 2 Woman made it on hardcore rap album . I gave this soundtrack 2 stars one for Jewell and another one for the singles .
 If you 've heard one Peter Rauhofer mix , you 've heard them all . Why he chose to include the tedious Future mix of `` Magic Orgasm '' is beyond me . The original funk mix of that tune is the only cut Peter has ever produced that has any staying power . If you like predictable , cookie-cutter tribal hump tracks , get this . If not , then wait `` Until The Day '' something good comes along .
 I purchased this item because I heard this cd at a friends house and loved it . When it finally arrived there was a strage sound in the recording . Every three minutes there is a sound that is very disrupting . I wanted to use the cd for healing work , but just as you start to get deeply relaxed there is a sound almost like bamboo dropping . So I wo n't use it . Also the jacket of the cd is all written in spanish . I did n't realize i ordered it from argentina and the cd cover is written in spanish and i do n't read spanish . so i would say all around not such a good product . wo n't order from that company again .
 I was surprised to see the CD arrive from Argentina but was none-the - less glad as I had had this CD before and it is a wonderful meditation CD . However , I thought this was a bootlegged copy because there are really weird grinding engine noises mixed in ! I am very unhappy with this recording .
 This Cd was n't any good . It shows that Bruce needs to stick with acting . Especially his bad version of crazy mixed up world . It 's a waste of your money to buy this .
 I purchased this item because I heard this cd at a friends house and loved it . When it finally arrived there was a strage sound in the recording . Every three minutes there is a sound that is very disrupting . I wanted to use the cd for healing work , but just as you start to get deeply relaxed there is a sound almost like bamboo dropping . So I wo n't use it . Also the jacket of the cd is all written in spanish . I did n't realize i ordered it from argentina and the cd cover is written in spanish and i do n't read spanish . so i would say all around not such a good product . wo n't order from that company again .
 I was surprised to see the CD arrive from Argentina but was none-the - less glad as I had had this CD before and it is a wonderful meditation CD . However , I thought this was a bootlegged copy because there are really weird grinding engine noises mixed in ! I am very unhappy with this recording .
 I think this song sucks . It 's such a waste of money . The beat is a total yawner and the story 's lame , too . Is this supposed to be scary or something ? Well , it 's not . I do n't get why older kids think the Horrorist is freaky or scary , because to me he just seems like a boring guy who makes boring songs that sound just like tons of other songs .
 Notorious
 The flow of the music is very good , but it 's not extordinarily different from other music in this genre . What I deeply dislike is the use of sacred Reiki symbols as a marketing gimmick . I expect that future CD 's will use other Reiki symbols in the same way . It 's for this reason that I will not use it during my sessions . Sorry .
 I am a massage therapist and am always looking for new music to use in my practice . I also do energy work similar to Reiki and thought this would be an excellent chioce based on the reviews . I and many of my clients were dissapointed . My clients complained that the music was boring . I try to use music that is very calming and relaxing without being boring or too stimulating to my clients . I actually foun this music agitating and promply resold it especially after my clients complained . I also think that the placement of the sacred symbol on the cover was not handled with the appropriate reverence .
 I also think this is disrespect of the symbols and energy .
 There was a time when the swastika did not represent the Nazi movement . Now , a swastika is burdened with the meaning of hatred and small minded inhumanity , just as the cross has come to mean guilt , judgement and sorrow . There are too many other examples of this to list here . This is the fate of a symbol that is left lying around for the uneducated and manipulative to gather up . It is perfectly possible - indeed , one major point of the Reiki symbols is - to spread that love and harmony without having to be visible or make a show of it . Share the power of Reiki without tossing the sacred symbols carelessly about . Just something to think about ...
 No question that this is a five-star collection of songs from a great band . I was truly disappointed in the quality of the mastering , though , which sounded like the old tapes I used to make by holding a cassette microphone up to our Sears hi-fi -LRB- the one with the penny taped to the tone arm -RRB- . Maybe it matches the quality of the original LP , but I find it almost unlistenable . Surely the later `` best of '' cleaned up the original masters , making it a better purchase .
 Watch out ! I thought I was getting a European version with the rare/alternate `` Magic Bus '' . No ! I got a Canadian release with the ordinary/familiar version . How do you spell GYP !
 I first heard this album when I was a kid and I had an urge to hear it again . It still sounds fresh . Very clever album . Good lyrics and catching instrumentality . What is the title a reference to?DB
 This is not a true soundtrack album , but just some music taken directly from the movie put on CD . The producers tried to hide the fact by often fading the tracks out whenever a voice or sound effect is heard . The bonus tracks seem to be played on a completely different organ and I wonder why the producers could locate unused material but not the actual recordings made for the movie . Maybe this material is n't any `` unused material '' at all , but completely different music . It 's a shame Moore 's interesting score is so poorly presented here .
 This CD , supposedly Gene Moore 's score from the classic film soundtrack , is actually nothing more than a cheaply produced recording of the mixed film soundtrack , with dialogue , footsteps , noises , etc. along with the music . If you think - as I did - that you 'll be able to hear the admirable organ score better on this CD than you can with your own videotape - think again . This is a completely worthless CD , as you can easily make a cassette or CDR recording off your VCR that will be EXACTLY the same , except for some irrelevant organ hymn music that was never in the film in the first place .
 during the past year , the chilean music scene has been flooded whit teen groups like this , absolutely manufactured teen pop just like the 1999 worlwide teen pop revolution . . kudai is another prove of how a good producer can take a bunch of cute little boys and girls whit NO TALENT AT ALL ... and turn them into a media and comercial success . . but , do n`t be fooled this wo n`t last ... . so do n`t expect to see kudai in 2 years more . .
 Mostly filled of re-sampled music , terrible covers , and one or two original songs . This album does not live upto any of the previous soundtracks . Even the title song -LRB- `` Hey Goldmember '' -RRB- is just samples from `` Shake Your Booty '' and `` Thats The Way I Like It '' from KC & The Sunshine Band . `` Its A Hard Knock Life '' -LRB- Dr.Evil Mix -RRB- was not as good as the `` Just The Two Of Us '' from the second movie . Unless your a die hard Austin fan , I would skip this album ... you get the drift . Do yourself a favor go and listen to the first two soundtracks .
 I was very excited about this album coming out , but I am sadly disapointed . It has totally steered away from Austin 's 60 's image to make a weird mix of random stuff The Hard Knock life with Dr. Evil is pretty bad , definetly nothing compared to the Just the Two if Us in the previous movie . `` Work it Out '' with Beyonce has a good beat , but gets boring fast !
 Previous A.P. soundtracks had been a brillant mix of original music/songs , classic pop/rock , and remixes that were almost as fun as the movies themselves . In contrast , the Goldmember soundtrack wo n't get many people tapping their feet or smiling at the song choice or getting a kick out of the originally of the pseudo sixties song . Saying that it pales in comparison to AP 1 and AP 2 soundtracks is not strong enough , it is simply not fun or particularly good .
 typical of now Re-Making Music & Karoke style Music Making.Beyonce is a ` ight in Her Song but the rest of this Soundtrack is not happening.Boring .
 first of all beyonce trying to get in the funk groove I 'm a old school funk head and i know when somebody 's just getting their feet wet in funk and I can tell beyonce is new to the funk groove and better stick with her survivor material . Dr.Dre did a pitiful remix of the stones classic it sounds awful dre continues to fall off worser and worser and angie stone did a poor remake of groove me man the music of today keeps getting worser .
 It seems the Austin Powers soundtracks are getting progressively worse with each movie . The first one was pretty good , the sequel had a few OK songs , and Goldmember is wall-to-wall awfulness.This is the aural equivalent of having a shoe thrown at you .
 Awful soundtrack.Flat , cornball , and lacks the originality that the other two had -LRB- remember Lenny Kravitz 's `` American Woman '' and Madonna 's `` Beautiful Stranger '' ? -RRB- . The songs are flat out bad.Beyonce 's goofy '70s soul send-up `` Work It Out '' which proves howannoying her voice is ; a lame , stiff Dr. Dre remix of the RollingStones ' `` Miss You '' ; Paul Oakenfold 's laughable `` 1975 '' and an awful `` Hard Knock Life '' parody ... The only half-decent song is Britney Spears and Pharell 's `` Boys '' ... you know it 's bad when a Britney Spears song is the only good song on an album ! And do we really have to go to predictible heights by putting `` Shining Star '' on here?Skip this soundtrack.It 'll be forgotten in a few weeks anyway .
 This is Pentagngle 's first album , and it sounds like it . It is short , stark and the musical range is limited . The CD is 33 minutes long . There are 7 songs and 1 instrumental . Most of the songs are just over 2 minutes long.The is minimalist music . Sometimes it will be just a single acoustic instrument , just playing a simple rhythm , with no emotion . Jaqui MacShay 's voice is flat . As the group matured on later albums , the music would become much richer and there would be more depth to the songs . My favorite album is Basket of Light.There is a newer version of this album with 6 bonus tracks that add 20 minutes to the disk . The bonus material is better than the original , with the group showing more emotion and much more fire to the vocals .
 I was thrilled Mono was coming out with another CD . However when I started to play it , I was highly disappointed . No vocals , no beats , just eerie moody dark sounds . So , now I find out it 's not the same band that put out Formica Blues . I wish I knew that before I purchased this ! The music is tiresome and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 To be fair , I was hoping for the `` Formica Blues '' Mono , but I gave it a chance anyway . If you 're some sort of pretensious music snob with more desire to be `` yourself '' than taste in music , and you 'd like to flame me for hoping that this was the `` other '' Mono , give it a rest . That is incredibly shallow . Plus , I 'm sure that some people will be happy to know that this album would not interest them before wasting their money . The fact is ... This is the most uneventful CD I have heard in a while . Way too repetitive -LRB- which is sometimes forgivable if it 's not already boring like everything about this band except their excellent album art -RRB- . If you 're looking for the other Mono , pass this one up . A 10-year-old could make more interesting music on a shoddy keyboard.More than anything else , it sounds like a boring soundtrack to a boring movie . Do n't waste the money or time .
 Based on the descriptions and hearing one song , I purchased Secret Garden-I expected quiet , contempletive music-I 'm an artist and wanted something new to paint by-but was surprised to hear a mix-with loud , `` Lord of the Dance '' type music mixed in , so my money was wasted on this one .
 I have been subjected to this `` product '' for several weeks in my workplace and I am finding it to be a little like Chinese water torture.Secret Garden make music that is essentially faux . They do faux-Celtic music , faux-Classical music , faux-Andrew Lloyd Webber , faux-New Age music , et cetera . There are no hard edges or challenges in their music and very little creativity . As someone has already said , you could use this music in the background of a soap commercial ! I guess that those New Age shops that sell crystals and angel therapy books could play this in the background?Background music - that is what Secret Garden make . You hear this sort of stuff all the time in TV commercials and in travelogues , but why would you bother buying an album 's worth of it ? Beats me !? If you have an ageing mother or granny , then Secret Garden might be the sort of music they would like for a birthday , Christmas or mother 's day ? -LRB- If they already have all Amici , Il Divo , Russell Watson , Josh Groban , `` Flipper '' Giordano , Sarah Brightman , Bond , Andrea Bocelli and Vanessa Mae CDs -RRB- No one under the age of fifty should own this CD ! -LRB- Growing old scares the pants off me - will I have to listen to schlock like this in an old folk 's home ? -RRB-
 The music is beautiful , but the technical level is this CD is very bad . At least half of the tracks contain clipping , that means they were recorded too loud on the CD . Track 3 is the worst . If you own it , do n't play it too loud , it may damage your speakers . Do n't buy this one .
 I recently tried to order this item , and after several months of approving delays , was informed that Amazon could not locate a copy . This item should be removed .
 A weird melange of synthesizer new agey recreations of traditional Scottish works that should be excruciating boring or just plain offensive to anyone except the brain dead . Give this a pass .
 Now that I have exited the New Age Cult and suffer from Anxiety and Panic Attacks and a host of other issues I have demoted my once favorite cd from 5 stars down to 1 . I understand now how a great `` review '' means nothing when you are one of the sheep in a cult . I attended a 10 day intensive with this guy and in with the 100 people attending-including the other teachers -- NO ONE WOULD TELL YOU THEY LIKE THIS GUY . . In Fact the other teachers looked WORRIED and it took my almost many years to figure out some strange things that happened at the retreat.I `` thought '' I was opened up clairvoyantly to all kinds of wonderful stuff including JESUS coming to tell me he wanted to help me heal others . I even paid for a `` private session '' with Sarah B to get this confirmed . I was so doped up on Sound and different SOUND INITIATIONS THAT JONATHON AND HIS DRONES GAVE that I was in a TRANCE . Yeah they feel good but I QUIT MY job and entered Sound Healing believing I had a connection to Jesus . Now of course I understand I was having all kinds of visual hallucinations -- WAIT you say , no they were n't ... well YES they were ! JESUS would never come and tell you what to do as a self-actualized being , but some kind of twisted mental state would.People were experiencing all kinds of FRIGHTENING things like TERROR , fear of demonic beings , VISIONS OF PAST LIVES , and at the time I thought it was ALL NORMAL . I finally read about the dangerous side effects of trance , mantras and now that I suffered financial ruin -LRB- yes due to this New Age bull -RRB- and I am recognizing what depersonalization is I understand why the teachers had such a strange look on their face.Jonathan sat there and looked at people like a -LRB- sick -RRB- doctor would as if he were saying `` Has the mind control taken hold yet ? '' `` Are they past the breaking point , who cares ? `` I HOPE THIS HELPS YOU RESEARCH THIS STUFF FOR YOURSELF ... IT NEARLY RUINED MY LIFE ... ALL THE WHILE I THOUGHT I WAS ON A HIGH SPIRITUAL PATH WITH JESUS . I know if you are part of this you WILL NOT THINK I am right , but please trust me and at least look for yourself . THIS IS NOT SUBJECTIVE ! IT IS EITHER A DANGEROUS PRACTICE THAT WILL HARM YOU OR NOT . I would not be spending my time if I did n't care and trust me these new age gurus by and large , want one thing ... `` Would you want to know if you were part of an age old mind control technique called `` thought reform '' ? As a former student of Drunvalo/Jim Self/New Age kerappa , I would like to provide you with an opportunity to take a closer look at what is really offered!Consider the following and come to your own conclusion : `` Are the leader 's philosophies , information and viewpoints * dramatically different than those you formerly held ? * bring you closer to or separate you from friends and family ? * Make you believe things you did n't think were possible ? `` Do the techniques you practice ask you to suspend your personal judgment ? '' `` Do the techniques your being taught teach you to control your thoughts or emotions ? `` Have your sleep patterns been interrupted or changed ? '' -LRB- By design emotion and though control techniques `` automatically '' program you to think or to feel a certain way . -RRB- Does the leader have special information that no one else can `` see '' or `` hear '' ? Does the leader predict the failure those who leave who are not privy to his knowledge?Personalization
 This was Asia in transition , from the ' 80 's supergroup , before they reorganised in ' 92 . As a result , the cd is a mess . Wetton 's vocal style seems frozen in the past .
 As a tremendous fan of Asia , I admired the ability of the band to complete a full musical picture ... vocals , guitar , keyboard , bass guitar and drums . It was the unique quality and ability of each of these components that drew me to them.However , over successive iterations , it has become more and more just pieces of a puzzle ... with some accentuation of certain quadrants of the musical spectrum than others -LRB- more emphasis on keyboards than other parts -RRB- . While ` Asia in Moscow ' reunites certain parts of the group back together , it is still missing a distinctive part . . the Steve Howe guitar style and guitar strength . Later iterations of the band -LRB- only retaining Geoff Downes as an original member -RRB- miss not only the guitar style , but also the vocal quality of John Wetton and the drumming of Carl Palmer.At that point the band should have renamed to something else . Without all four original memebers , this CD presents itself as nothing more than an adequate ` cover band ' .
 I have always been an Asia fan , more so then , than now . When i first bought this cd , when it first came out , I bought the video too , of the concert . I got home put it in , listened to it , put it up -LRB- both of them -RRB- , and listened too it maybe once evey teo years since then . I sold the video a few years back , but held onto the cd , to keep my collection . I listened too again a few days ago , and I no longer think it 's the worst live cd , I have ever listened too , it 's got a little better , or I gotten hard of hearing . Palmer is still a bad drummer -LRB- on this cd -RRB- , Wetton is still singing off key and having trouble with the high notes , and Pat , who replaced axeman Howe , is not Howe . Not as bad as it use to be , but still bad .
 The same live recording -LRB- different song order -RRB- as released in the original `` Live in Moscow '' ... only this release adds `` Wildest Dreams '' and deletes the unreleased `` Kari-Anne '' . That was a huge mistake in my opinion ... `` Kari-Anne '' was one of the band 's best songs , and I think `` Wildest Dreams '' was taken from another concert -LRB- `` Live in Nottingham '' , I think -RRB- . The album does include the two earlier Wetton band songs -LRB- `` Starless '' and `` Book of Saturday '' -RRB- with their different arrangements . Also included in both versions of this live album , is the more powerful version of `` The Smile Has Left Your Eyes '' , which is more hard hitting than in it 's original release .
 A weird melange of synthesizer new agey recreations of traditional Scottish works that should be excruciating boring or just plain offensive to anyone except the brain dead . Give this a pass .
 The music is excellent , if you enjoy folky dreamy music from the 60 's , but the sound quality is appalling in places - sounds like the original tape has disintegrated in parts .
 It 's difficult to fault Peter Asher 's management of her career , but , with hindsight , he did her no favors as a producer -- at least during her R&B ; / rock period . When you listen to her back catalog now , the thing you most notice -- as many others have pointed out over the years -- is far too many covers , performed by a voice that is a beautiful instrument but with arrangements and a delivery that are blah in the extreme . At best , they leave you wondering why she and Asher bothered , if they were n't going to do something fresh with the songs ; at worst , they leave you yearning for the originals.Her most realized albums from that period are those that introduced new material and/or reintroduced little-known gems -- `` Hasten Down the Wind '' and half of `` Heart Like a Wheel . '' `` The Very Best of ... '' only highlights the fact that the very best of Linda Ronstadt is not nearly as good as it should have been .
 There 's no reason to omit the Top 10 hit `` How Do I Make You ? '' from 1980 . It would have easily fit on the disc . As it is , this collection is incomplete .
 I used to like Linda Ronstadt in the 1970s - heck , who did n't ? However , when I recently whipped this album out , I found that I really could not listen to it.In 2004 interview for the San Diego Union-Tribune she stated that , `` It 's a real conflict for me when I go to a concert and find out somebody in the audience is a Republican or fundamental Christian . It can cloud my enjoyment . I 'd rather not know . '' Imagine if she had said , `` It 's a real conflict for me when I go to a concert and find out somebody in the audience is a Jew or a black . It can cloud my enjoyment . I 'd rather not know ! '' -LSB- Do a Google search on that quote if you do n't believe me . -RSB- I do n't support bigotry based on race , color , belief or orientation , and I do n't support Linda Ronstadt . For me , it 's just spoiled .
 This is a cd that will not play on a computer , so you will not be able to use the music on your IPOD . There is no warning on the Amazon site or on the cd packaging . There should be a warning letting you know before purchase that this CD can not be used on a portable music device .
 dont buy this cd , listen to namie amuro instead if you really wan na get real j-pop . this cd is so fake ~
 CD was part of a larger order that included several books as well as other CDs . It was indicated that this particular item was shipped separately . Had received the rest of the order but somehow this order has yet to arrive after several months of waiting . So have to rate this down.Had fortunately managed to borrow a copy and must say that while this is probably not one of Jonathan Goldman 's better releases , it is a decent recording . It does appear to have the same backing tracks as Medicine Buddha -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , which means it has a faster tempo -LRB- trance ? -RRB- than his other CDs . It does n't work for my meditation practice though - for that I put on Waves of Light !
 I love the Byrds and Gene Clark and this is supposed to be his Sargent Peppers , but it is just disjointed and almost boring . I really ca n't stand the chorus in the background on some of the songs . The overproduction is just not necessary and it distracts from the songs . Gene deserved better .
 I 'm forced to agree with disclaimer777 on this one . But I 'd go for a double cheeseburger , myself ... or if I were in Cali . then maybe some Carls JR ! Either way , it seems that TR is getting lazy . Although this one is n't quite as bad as Head like a Hole -LSB- US Version -RSB- , it 's pretty close . `` The Hand that Feeds '' is just an `` eh ... '' song , and it comes with an `` eh . . '' remix . Overall , I suppose that would make this an `` eh ... '' single . For the casual NIN fan , I would suggest you just skip the single and buy -LSB- WITH_TEETH -RSB- when it comes out or one of the earlier albums instead . But if you 're like me , and have to have it all , then I guess you 'll just have to get it , wo n't you ?
 I made fun of my best friend so badly when he bought it . Honestly , I gave it a chance . We opened it and listened to it for the first time together . But halfway through the worst remix ever crafted by man , it was clear , that I would be making fun of him for his poor purchasing decision , for months to come . This is the worst remix every created . It is long and drawn out and has no merit or quality to it . Do n't fool yourself into buying something you will never listen to and will hide from your friends .
 Let me start by putting out a couple of my biases before getting into this review -- first , I relaly do n't care for remixes as a rule , unless they 're dramatic and severely restructure a song , I generally find they add little . Second , I really do n't care for `` The Hand That Feeds '' . Having said that , the piece is presented in three mixes , the album version , the Straight mix , and the Dub mix . The album version has a catchy , circular guitar line and a straightahead drum beat that 's actually decent until the bridge with this bizarrely irritating spoken wordish section . Just does n't work.The remixes fare no better -- the Straight mix adds different rock beats and an extended introduction that eventually becomes tedious , the dub mix layers a grating sustained guitar note over a beat and a mumbled repeated take on the chorus.If you 're a fan , get it . If not , skip this one , there 's good reasons it was n't released in the U.S.
 Where did our Trent go ? I think the year 2000-killed Trent and well Industrial for for that matter . I have been impressed with NIN singles and they where normally of really high quality and was a good addition to the collection . This is just terrible and a waste well earned money , rather get a Big Mac at MacDonald 's . The song sounds more like something a washed out rock band would do with no catchy song lines and terrible composition . It sounds good the first time but after the second listen it is worn out Change is good but turning from the music mastermind of the 90 's to emo/indie rocker just do not seem like good change . Maybe Trent is getting old or he might just be releasing albums to make a buck ? If your are looking for the next big thing in music , this is not it .
 wow . this is the first time ive ever been disapointed with nine inch nails . this is the weakest song ive ever heard . i love every other album and single before the hand that feeds and the new album with teeth . the single is a very boring lame song . its like that boring 80s wan na be new new wave music , just a little more extra keyboards . the disc itself is disappointing because it was supposed to come enhanced with the video for the song . the video for the song is the only interesting thing about the song . also the fact that the cd is only available as an import and the vinyls for the singles are also imports . there is also a collectors box to hold the vinyls that is only available in the uk and is limited to 2000 boxes individually numbered . hopefully the next album wich is supposed to come out much quicker than previous releases will be the nine inch nails album that we deserve .
 Let me start by putting out a couple of my biases before getting into this review -- first , I relaly do n't care for remixes as a rule , unless they 're dramatic and severely restructure a song , I generally find they add little . Second , I really do n't care for `` The Hand That Feeds '' . Having said that , the piece is presented in three mixes , the album version , the Straight mix , and the Dub mix . The album version has a catchy , circular guitar line and a straightahead drum beat that 's actually decent until the bridge with this bizarrely irritating spoken wordish section . Just does n't work.The remixes fare no better -- the Straight mix adds different rock beats and an extended introduction that eventually becomes tedious , the dub mix layers a grating sustained guitar note over a beat and a mumbled repeated take on the chorus.If you 're a fan , get it . If not , skip this one , there 's good reasons it was n't released in the U.S.
 Let me start by putting out a couple of my biases before getting into this review -- first , I relaly do n't care for remixes as a rule , unless they 're dramatic and severely restructure a song , I generally find they add little . Second , I really do n't care for `` The Hand That Feeds '' . Having said that , the piece is presented in three mixes , the album version , the Straight mix , and the Dub mix . The album version has a catchy , circular guitar line and a straightahead drum beat that 's actually decent until the bridge with this bizarrely irritating spoken wordish section . Just does n't work.The remix fares no better -- the Straight mix adds different rock beats and an extended introduction that eventually becomes tedious.If you 're a fan , get it . If not , skip this one , there 's good reasons it was n't released in the U.S.
 i 've been a NIN fin since spring 1990 . PHM , broken and TDS are absolutely pure genius . but unfortunately NIN is dead.track 1
 i 've been a NIN fin since spring 1990 . PHM , broken and TDS are absolutely pure genius . but unfortunately NIN is dead . this song is terrible and remix worse .
 This review refers to the 3-track Version of this single , because it 's OUT , in the US -LRB- as an import -RRB- , despite what might be indicated here on amazon . i just bought it from the Virgin Megastore.i got ta say , this is the weakest NIN single ever , including TDTWWA & the sparse We 're In This Together Now singles . Those singles at least had something really great on them that made them worth buying , such as the quiet version of TDTWWA.I like the song , it 's great , really catchy but the remixes are flat out boring house versions . Even if you 're a NIN completist like me , this is n't worth it.THTF album version ; ` nuf said , you 've probably all ready heard it.THTF Straight Mix ; pretty much the album version with at least a 2 minute house outro consisting of no changes what so ever.THTF Dub Mix ; a 7 + minute house version of the song . even if you LIKE house music , this is very cliched house music , and there 's this damn synthy string sound over the whole thing where ` photek ' -LRB- the remixer -RRB- is messing with the pitch knob and it just sounds STUPID . even if you like cliched house , the pitch knob twiddling on a crappy sounding synth patch really detracts from it.don ' t buy it.then again , if you 're a completist like me you 'll buy it anyway .
 CD was part of a larger order that included several books as well as other CDs . It was indicated that this particular item was shipped separately . Had received the rest of the order but somehow this order has yet to arrive after several months of waiting . So have to rate this down.Had fortunately managed to borrow a copy and must say that while this is probably not one of Jonathan Goldman 's better releases , it is a decent recording . It does appear to have the same backing tracks as Medicine Buddha -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , which means it has a faster tempo -LRB- trance ? -RRB- than his other CDs . It does n't work for my meditation practice though - for that I put on Waves of Light !
 have brought two copies of this cd based on the play list advertised on the amazon web site but when i got them , the cd was not a double disc , nor did it have the songs as listed ... dang !
 the amount of time to receive the product was awesome . but received half the product , one of two disc set . no trace of our cd of set , to return the second cd and get refund , i spend more than orginally , that sucks , dissappointed .
 `` Streets of London '' ? Bleeeeuuuuuucccchhhhhh!All I can say to anyone who sings this pretentious load of old cobblers is `` Get folked ! '' . Along with `` Where do you go to my lovely '' , `` The Streets of London '' is easily among the most pretentious and silly songs ever written . Good taste ? Well , we ai n't takin ' Rameau , Frank , Buxtehude , Messiaen , Schnittke , Boulez , Kraftwerk or Brian Eno here ! :--RRB- -RRB- We 're talkin ' schlock an ' schmaltz!If you arrive at a dinner party and your host -LRB- or hostess -RRB- puts on this disc -LRB- or `` Where do you go to my lovely '' -RRB- , I would strongly suggest that you politely , but promptly make your excuses and leave . Such a social occasion is likely to be inhabited by people who you will be well advised to avoid.Just a friendly warning!Ciao !
 If you do n't know this performer you should . His group has a wonderful way of presenting music . `` Stone of Destiny '' is really beautiful . I think it matches his songs on `` Sons of Somerled '' if not better . Give yourself a treat and give a listen to this preformer 's music .
 After the truly outstanding `` Sons of Sommerled '' , Steve McDonald 's first album , I was expecting more electrifying percussion work , clever and innovative rhythms and instrument use , and soul-wrenching , heartfelt lyrics . I was greatly disappointed . Aside from a few moments of genius , this album wanders aimlessly down a road of sentimentalism and unimaginative musical rambling . Here 's hoping Steve recaptures the magic of `` Sons of Sommerled '' on his third album , which I still highly anticipate and look forward to .
 Apparently , some of the reviewers of this single have amnesia . Because I know they are old enough to remember that you could not have walked into a club in 1988 without being blown away by the fab remixes of `` So Emotional '' and `` Love Will Save The Day '' . Whitney was hip to the importance of a jamming club remix long before girls with names like Mariah , Amber , Toni , Deborah , Celine , Taylor , Ultra and Kristine had record deals.That said , it is a shame to see that Hex Hector has run out of ideas . Whitney has rendered a powerful , dramatic vocal , but Hex has turned it into some tired circuit party crap . Jr. . Vasquez has n't done a decent remix in years.Whitney needs a pumping , original , festive club mix to complement this fantastic vocal , where are Masters At Work when you need them ?
 I had high hopes for this CD , I was / am a S&C fan . The quality of the recording and the arrangements of the songs suggest that this must be what it 's like to hear S&C in a club that has poor acoustics . The first five songs are classics , the balance are new songs that are forgetful . I 'll make you a deal , give me $ 10.00 and my copy is yours . Save your hard earned money and buy their greatest hits CD . You will be able to remember this first class duet as they should be remembered .
 My heading says it all . I heard this cd but any Seals And Croft CD is imcomplete without YOU `` RE THE LOVE .
 ` Trouble in Paradise ' was David Geffen 's second and final attempt at creating a CSNY super-group by merging three disparate -LRB- or maybe desperate -RRB- talents . 1974 's ` Souther Hillman Furay ' album was a good-sounding debut , whch hinted at better things to come from the trio once they had gotten a chance to merge into a productive unit . Unfortunately , the follow-up was even more fragmented . It sounds like 3 mini-albums
 Finding this album in store without having to order it online was a real treat and despite unenthusiastic reviews of it , I snatched it because it was available . I should have held out for SHF 's first album , which is said to be better . JD Souther , Chris Hillman , and Richie Furay should have been the ultimate country-rock superstar band when put together , but this album does not demonstrate anything to that end . The vocal harmonies are as good as one would expect and the musicianship is proficient , but by 1975 , the songs have lapsed into '70s California soft-rock lethargy . Certainly , such easy-listening music has its purpose , and I continue to listen to the record for purposes of chilling out , but it has none of the fire of the bands associated with S , H , and F
 Quote from Westlife interview : `` We 're really suprised we 've got this far as last year we were still in education and did n't know anything about music `` Music is made by artists who care about what they do . Westlife are 5 guys making money . Who 's the drummer ? Who 's the guitarist ? Who 's playing the f ** cking keyboard?PS
 I now own six Acker albums and I see the critics compare him to Fountain and Shaw , etc. . Do n't bother . Listen with your heart and soul and you will just love what Acker has produced . The clarinet just talks to you with all the feelings that he gives you . Even when he lends vocals to the various tracks I find it unique and enjoyable . That 's the key ... Just ENJOY !
 When will I ever learn ... you go cheap and get burned ! These recordinge were all made in the '70s ... NOT the originals .
 This copy , specifically purchased for ` Stranger on the Shore ' , has been recorded/copied TOO SLOW . Original tempo is just a bit faster and much more listenable/danceable .
 Over the years DJ Irene has been known as one of the largest DJ 's in the world . I guess with increasing popularity only comes the inevitable decline that is mainstream . With a title like `` Rock Star '' it 's no wonder why Irene seems to have an ascent into the bad DJ hall of fame . I have seen Irene live several times and it shows in her performances as well . With each new release I see this once acclaimed producer falling into a deeper and deeper hole . You want good Irene CD 's refer back to the Club series mixes and the Hard House Diva ones as well . Do n't agree with me , spend two months in the scene and you will see why Irene is simply the record labels new project .
 Lem me start off by saying this is a disgrace to electronic dance music!I have been listening to dance music for many years now and I have an excellent earshot for it.This is the kinda quality that some beginning dance music fan or someone all geeked up on speed would like.Hard House is not for everyone , and the songs are way too short on most of her stuff.I dont like much house I know good music when I see it , and this is SUCKY.Maybe its just that I have already heard the kinda house I like and thats progressive like Tall Paul and Dave Aude.Rock and House just do n't mix well together , sorry!I like some of her stuff such as `` Audio Underground '' and `` Fearless '' ... those were good mixes but this one just does n't cut it folks.Irene you have lost a fan girl!Let rock be rock and let house be house , please!Can you imagine a bunch of headbangers mixing with ravers at a party ... wtf?I dont think so , it 'd be a friggin nightmare.Maybe Irene should go join Tiesto on the quest for crap.Dont waste your money on this garbage unless you are stupid !
 There is a terrible mistake with this 2012 `` original '' edition . The second track appears in the cover and in the disc as `` Dear Lord '' but is `` welcome '' , the same track that appears in Kulu se Mama , keeping the same tracks -LRB- but Virgil -RRB- than in the previous 1993 edition . I can imagine how somebody can make that mistake.Moreover this edition is not in digipack like all the previous discs from this `` original edition '' -LRB- from Africa Brass to Mama -RRB- . The art is absolutly poor , with no notes , with no pictures . Probably the worst reedition in the whole Coltrane catalogue .
 As usual with a Audio Fidelity release , the sound is poor . I am utterly surprised that people buy their stuff-They make the sound far worse than the remastered ordinary release.Kevin Gray and Steve Hoffman are suposedly legendary , but what for?Bad sound?It is really annoying to read what the companies write in their commersials
 There is a scene from the Albert Brooks film , `` Defending Your Life , '' in which his character is just beginning to familiarize himself with the afterlife , under the guidance of another soul -LRB- played by Rip Torn -RRB- who has been there longer , and advanced much farther , than Brooks has . This advance in intellectual or mental abilities is measured by the percentage of one 's brain that is actually in use at any given time -- Earthlings typically only use a few percent , while more evolved beings use much more -LRB- this is actually something of an urban myth , but in the context of the film this does n't really matter -RRB- . In any case , Brooks and his guide sit down to a meal at an afterlife restaurant , and Brooks orders a sandwich or some such prosaic dish . He is surprised and dismayed , however , when the waiter places a plate of what looks -LRB- and smells -RRB- like excrement in front of his guide . `` Is that what I think it is ? '' says an incredulous Brooks . `` Yes , '' says the guide . `` Those of us who use more than a few percent of our minds have gained the ability to appreciate certain things that others can not . '' -LSB- My apologies for the inaccuracies in my paraphrasing . -RSB- To put it more bluntly , and in relation to this recording by John Coltrane
 I continually hear nothing but how great and gifted a musician John was but when I finally hear his music , I wonder what all the talk is about . Nothing but cacophony here . If you like the sound of several musicians each listening only to his own instrument , then you will like this . Otherwise , you will probably consider this to be pure tripe . I 'll stick to more conventional music .
 I 've listened to a lot of Coltrane 's stuff , and I 'd say this is one of the worst albums . Om is a good track , but Ascention is simply abyssmal . I read somewhere that the musicians were on acid when the recording was made and it shows . 40 + minutes of pure agony , twice . If you 're looking for essential Coltrane , this is not the place to start . I put `` Crescent , '' `` A Love Supreme , '' and the `` The Complete 1961 Village Vanguard Recordings '' at the top of my list , and this one at the bottom . This album is purely for those interested in knowing what a great musician sounds like when he lets go completely .
 My jazz guide gives these recordings their highest rating . I give them a butterball turkey . There are two full CDs packed with the sound of fingernails screeching across a chalkboard . This is Don Imus in music .
 One of the problems with reviewing a recording with the historical mythology surrounding this one is that if you do n't like it , you open yourself up to derision as someone who just `` does n't get it '' or , from more sensitive people , someone who must be new to John Coltrane . I `` get it '' and have enjoyed practically everything that Coltrane produced up until 1965 for several decades , but I find the works of his last years completely beyond my definition of music . While enjoying a lot of music that is quite `` free '' but not completely without form -LRB- Coleman 's Shape of Jazz to Come and Change of the Century , Cecil Taylor 's Jazz Advance and much of Unit Structures , etc. -RRB- , I have difficulty with works that completely abandon all forms of structure , particularly harmonic structure . I respect Coltrane 's need to keep pushing the envelope and develop a style that got him closer and closer to his vision of god , but if you analyze this album purely on what is happening on an objective level , this is truly the Emperor 's new clothes . The rhythm section merely puts down a pattern -LRB- drawn mostly from the vastly superior Love Supreme -RRB- and stays there while everyone else just tries to find their way and follow Coltrane 's lead , usually without much success . No , if you are looking for something adventurous , please do n't start here as this may turn you off progressive jazz forever . Try one of the Coleman 's recordings cited above first .
 Apparently , some of the reviewers of this single have amnesia . Because I know they are old enough to remember that you could not have walked into a club in 1988 without being blown away by the fab remixes of `` So Emotional '' and `` Love Will Save The Day '' . Whitney was hip to the importance of a jamming club remix long before girls with names like Mariah , Amber , Toni , Deborah , Celine , Taylor , Ultra and Kristine had record deals.That said , it is a shame to see that Hex Hector has run out of ideas . Whitney has rendered a powerful , dramatic vocal , but Hex has turned it into some tired circuit party crap . Jr. . Vasquez has n't done a decent remix in years.Whitney needs a pumping , original , festive club mix to complement this fantastic vocal , where are Masters At Work when you need them ?
 This may be a wonderful recording but I will never know . Neither a DVD video player nor a DVD audio player could decode the disc .
 I have to say that after hearing the albums Spiritual Unity , Vibrations , and The Hilversum Session ... I was hooked on Ayler 's music . I decided that my next purchase would be `` Love Cry '' -- I did about cry after hearing it . I have tried so many times to let this music `` grow on me '' , but three years later , and I still do n't care for it . I just do n't like the `` marching band '' style of music that is prevalent on this cd .
 The seller did a great job of getting this CD to me . This is the `` new '' Lamb group is rock the old Lamb group was more folk . My preference is folk and I 'm not too crazy about rock ; therefore , I did not care for the album but my friend I gave it to loves it !
 I expected this to be a wholesome Christian CD that all could listen but it is by far one of the worst Christian CD I have ever heard ! It is very hard rock and I do not listen to this type of music !
 I like the songs on these discs , but hate the cheap canned laughter that is dropped in on every track . It is n't live because the laughs all sound the same , have the same pitch and volume . And it gets in the way of the enjoyment of the song/comedy/routine . Some of the laughs are dropped in where there are no jokes . The hell with it .
 This is lame . What the heck is this . Look at his lame style . ... . Trying to start a new trend . This is not music this is garbage . Trust me I know music . Swing is beauty and tough and positive . ... This Lee press on nails is a waste of time . So all you true swing cats stay away from this ...
 `` A camel is a horse designed by a comittee . '' That is an apt description of this , Lee Presson and the Nails 's second CD . It seems to be pulled in two different directions . On the one hand , you 've got Lee Presson 's great original songs like `` Hat Back Boogie '' and `` That only Happens in the Movies , '' which is reminiscent of Indigo Swing . But the original songs that Lee did n't write just do n't seem to fit . Leslie Presley sounds beautiful as always , and she does her best with Larry Sweeny 's `` He 's still a Mystery to Me '' and `` Shadowman '' but they still sound like they were written for another band . Ironic , since the songs that WERE written for other bands , like Elvis Costello 's `` Wave a White Flag '' and the Stones ' `` Jumping Jack Flash '' -LRB- !! -RRB- are the high points here . I guess they were pressured to have more original songs but face it boys , it 's better to have a good cover song than a bad original song . This CD has both.I think their latest CD , `` El Bando En Fuego ! '' is their best .
 HO-HUM ... guess it 's O.K. if your a goth , cover and lyrics are truly twisted , If someone gives it to you it 's worth a listen , do n't spend good money on it .
 Apparently , some of the reviewers of this single have amnesia . Because I know they are old enough to remember that you could not have walked into a club in 1988 without being blown away by the fab remixes of `` So Emotional '' and `` Love Will Save The Day '' . Whitney was hip to the importance of a jamming club remix long before girls with names like Mariah , Amber , Toni , Deborah , Celine , Taylor , Ultra and Kristine had record deals.That said , it is a shame to see that Hex Hector has run out of ideas . Whitney has rendered a powerful , dramatic vocal , but Hex has turned it into some tired circuit party crap . Jr. . Vasquez has n't done a decent remix in years.Whitney needs a pumping , original , festive club mix to complement this fantastic vocal , where are Masters At Work when you need them ?
 Don Gonzalo Fernandez is a Cuban flute player . He 's the featured artist in this recording , Repicao . A little background ; back in the 1970 's an album entitled SUPER TIPICA DE ESTRELLAS came out , featuring Don Gonzalo . While I no longer have the album , or the CD , I remember that it was one of my favorite NY charanga records from that period . And there were a lot of great NY charanga releases at that time!I do n't know if I ever heard about Don Gonzalo 's career before he came to NYC . If I did , I have forgotten ! I did n't even know that this REPICAO CD existed , until I found it on Amazon . I had heard of the SAR label , the distributor . But I was dissapointed in many regards with the recording and with the package in total.There were no musician credits , or recording date information . Or information of any kind.There was a lot of echo stepping all over the recording , very distracting.While I suspect that Don Gonzalo was much older at the time of this recording -LRB- again , no info , just a blank liner face -RRB- maybe that 's why his technique sounds so sloppy . The flute , specially the Cuban flute soloist style , is very demanding . So that 's understandable if it 's an older player . At the end , the CD raised more questions for me than it answered.Whatever became of Don Gonzalo ? What was his career like before coming to NYC ? A lot of questions that this recording , what may well have been his last , made no effort to answer .
 Lucinda is a wonderful writer , but she needs to leave the singing to the artists who perform her songs .
 Quote from Westlife interview : `` We 're really suprised we 've got this far as last year we were still in education and did n't know anything about music `` Music is made by artists who care about what they do . Westlife are 5 guys making money . Who 's the drummer ? Who 's the guitarist ? Who 's playing the f ** cking keyboard?PS
 If you are expecting anything close to the first album , forget it . Sound is poor , selection so so . I would give it a value of $ 5.00 . Very sorry I wasted the money .
 I was truly disappointed in this purchase . Not only is the quality bad , but I did n't really care for some of the selections . The song did not feel like they flowed together at all . But I do need to say , that MobHits 1 was great and I highly recommend that purchase !
 I bought the original Mob Hits years ago and loved it ! I was hoping there would be as many good songs on the second album . Not only were there half the amount of songs as the first , but they were also only half as good . If I had known what songs were on it , in advance , I probably would not have purchased it .
 it was ok ... not what i was expecting . I didnt care for the Christmas music that was mixed in ...
 Yuck ! On every track , the singing is really very awful . If not for that , it would have been decent . If I had heard it before I bought it , I never would have spent 2 cents on it . In fact , if this CD was being handed out for free on the streets , I 'd turn it down.Would someone please recommend some good Euro Dance ? Other albums I bought recently which I enjoyed were Eiffel 65 and Aqua . Thanks !
 OK , OK - so I admit I made the age old mistake of hearing the Black Eyes track off this CD and automatically judged the album GREAT ! Well kids ... not so much . It is obvious why the Black Eyes track is the single most heard off the album ; it sounds like they spent WAY more time honing their craft on that one track than the whole album.Moment of honesty - should have just bought the single and left the rest alone . Not to say the rest of the album is a waste ! It just was n't what I expected . My bad ! I accept full responsibility for being lazy .
 I have a copy of this album and this is not a photo of the Marketts . It is probably knock-off of the original album release on KRB . If it does not say KRB as the manufacturer , then it is not authentic . You can see a photo of the Marketts on this site and you will see that it is not the Marketts.Rhino Hi-Five
 There is one reason I do not like this album
 I have a few tapes with Dorothy Kirsten singing two of her most famous operatic roles
 Well , they finally did it . After recording two taut but ultimately pointless LPs , Paul Newman came out with a noodly post-rock dirge that goes aboslutely nowhere . Signs pointed in this possible direction if the band faltered , and indeed they have . `` Machine Is Not Broken '' shows Paul Newman quickly running out of steam and descending into some of the worst excesses of math-rock hell.The band could be forgiven for their first two albums , `` Frames Per Second '' and `` Only Love Can Break Your Heart '' because of exciting musical theatrics -LRB- of the Slint variety -RRB- , but save for the Tortoise-inspired `` Eight Day Wait , '' those dynamics have been all but vanquished , leaving the album sludgy and colorless . What they previously lacked in good ideas they more than made up for in nearly flawless execution , but the tight musicianship seems to have been traded for a looser feel that does n't have any accomplished song structure to bolster it.Better sound quality might have helped , since crystal-clear production greatly benefited their first two albums . Had the deceased Trance Syndicate label that put them on the market -LRB- as well as other stellarly produced post-rock offerings as Windsor for the Derby 's `` Minnie Greutzfeldt '' -RRB- helmed the project , it 's conceivable that `` Machine Is Not Broken '' would have fared a little better . But , frankly , Paul Newman sound bored to tears , like they just do n't care anymore what they sound like as long as they resemble the Paul Newman that a handful of devoted fans appreciated . There are still traces of the old sound , but `` Machine Is Not Broken '' is analogous to the dull , gray zinc underneath a once shiny penny .
 in the sleeve of this CD it notes that this album was written and recorded in 2 weeks . . it sounds like it . the effort just ai n't there . the production is mediocre at best . the songs are 2 dimensional . the only song with any real depth is the very last one . there first 2 albums are way more interesting , and an unfamiliar buyer would do well to get them before this one .
 Admiro a Roger Williams pero este CD parece grabado de afan , en equipo casero y sin ningun ingeniero de sonido atento.La pelicula es bella y la cancion tambien , pero este CD no merece ni una estrella
 not my type of music after all - the are trying too hard to be something they are not . Mayans would have laughed as would any other indigenous group they are trying to imitate
 these guys suck , they need to learn just a little technique . they rip off so many nyhc bands out there . oh and lou was much better with subzero
 BUYER BEWARE . The SHM version of this album does NOT include Woodstock or the other bonus tracks . It only has the 11 original album tracks . Very disappointing .
 Stevie is really a wonder . Along with Marvin Gaye , Curtis Mayfield , Sly , James Brown and possibly Al Green , Stevie brought soul music to another level . From inside his mind , Stevie Wonder conjured images of beauty , pain , loss and so on , in mesmerising arrangements.He must 've been a busy man in 1970s , simply by the amount of classics that he brought out . Fulfillingness ' First Finale possesses a light , uplifting touch , though it 's certainly not candy floss!Heaven Is 10 Zillion Light Years Away is a quality song , as if asking a question of belief . Like when people doubt religion , ` where is your God ? That 's what my friends ask me ' . There 's that instantly recognisable Stevie Wonder sound on Boogie On Reggae Woman . It 's difficult to classify these songs . Another one of these get down and do it songs is You Have n't Done Nothin ' . Yes , I know there 's a political and racial subtext to a lot of his songs.Please Do n't Go must 've been some sort of hit . I 'm sure I 've heard it all round the place . It 's a great , structured , song with a snappy melody.It 's quite easy for me to say that Stevie Wonder sees better than most people I know . Another example of greatness of mind .
 I have always admired Albert Lee 's playing , so I decided to try this collection of early recordings . Not quite what I expected . The playing is there , but the songs leave me wanting something else . I think I should have tried something a little later in his career , as he seems to be finding the right venue for his talents . Not a bad collection , but I 'm sure he has dome better work .
 Wait a second.This small collection of Mills Bros. tracks was issued by MCA , owner of the masters ? Geez . Is it really possible that all they could do for the first three songs here -LRB- only the best of the 10 , BTW -RRB- is dub them from pop and tick-infested LPs?Oy.There 's better out there . For example , check out the sound bites of `` Paper Doll , '' `` Lazy River '' and `` You Always Hurt -LRB- etc. -RRB- '' on this MCA disc : THE BEST OF THE DECCA YEARS . Light filtering = zero surface noise .
 it is obvious that this band changed for the worst . this is reminescent of HAIR METAL ! they are trying to act like they are cool because they shave their heads and get girls . this is all image . DP 's first album was an ok effort , but this just plain sucks !
 When drowning pool first came out I thought that they were a cool band . Bodies and tear away man those were some heavy tracks from the band . Sinner was my favorite albums from the band . When dave died I thought that drowning pool was done beacuse no one can replace dave . But when they picked up a new lead singer things started to look up for them . Steap up was a cool song and I thought that this album was going to be as good as sinner . But I was wrong . The vocals are terrible . I ask myself why would they put this guy as vocals . I was dissapointed that I got this cd . Now they got another lead singer . What are they trying to pull a van halen . I 'm done with this band . If you want to hear a good D.P. album get sinner . But stay away from this trash R.I.P. Dave
 nothin like old drowning pool . I was very dissapointed when i heard it . They should get a different name because this is not the drowning pool we have come to enjoy.R.I.P.Dave
 The cover says it all . I was hoping these guys would break up and fade away like Snot , but they had to keep going , get another cr@ppy vocalist and become even more mainstream . Here is radio metal at its best . I hate to repeat myself but LOOK AT THE COVER !!! Metal ? I think not . Hopefully the new guy will die as well . Go ahead click the helpful/not helpful button , either way will make me happy . GOODBYE !!!
 How many bands out there sound like this , uuuh over 90 % of them I would say , some of you might not agree but this style of music is so been there done that . It makes me sick that all these bands do is rush out garbage like this theres nothing catchy about it , I listened to the whole thing and it sounds like one whole continues song , every song on it just runs together , nothing sticks out to me .
 This disc if awful that 's all i can say anyway ive got to go eat some hay by the bay where ill mold some clay and i just mayhave a good day If you like the artist 's below then youll love drowning pool and there musicCannibal corpseashley simpsonLil jonCherThe fat lady from the fact 's of lifeMetallica -LRB- after and justice for all -RRB- Episode 2 of american idol . . you know the one where they show all the retarded singersthat 's all . . ive got to go to the mall where i stand tall and then ill buy a ball im sorry ill stop now wow this is funny like a black bunny i think ill slurp on some honey then ill earn some money man this review is funny hahahahahahaha
 It 's Official !! Jason Jones has just ruined DP 's Career . DaveWilliams Died and they replaced him with this idiot who ca n't sing worth a -LRB- ... -RRB- !!!! Do n't Get This !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If you like those bands that angrily shout all the lyrics through their songs you 'll love Desensitized . If you loved Drowning Pool 's Sinner you might not like Desensitized.The three surviving members of Drowning Pool and Jason `` Gong '' Jones will probably tell you that `` Jason-Gong is not Dave Williams '' -LRB- the original Drowning Pool singer that died tragically in 2002 -RRB- . And that 's the problem with Desensitized . There will be many people buying the CD to get Drowning Pool , but instead they will get a new hard rock band with the same name.The band rocking on Desensitized has three dudes from Drowning Pool and a guy named Jason Gong Jones at the mic . It is not the Drowning Pool that recorded Sinner . The band is calling itself Drowning Pool , but there is a big difference between the former Drowning Pool and the latter Drowning Pool.Gone are the songs with anthem choruses like `` let the bodies hit the floor '' , `` reminded of you '' , `` all over me '' , `` raise your hand if you 're a sinner '' . These are replaced on Desensitized by what seem to be more short , angry , declarative statement choruses . The clearly sung choruses recited repetitively to an awesome , banging beat that the Drowning Pool that included Dave Williams was so fond of are sorely missed on this CD.Desensitized is hard rocking fun . But it is not the Drowning Pool that recorded Sinner -LRB- did I mention that ? -RRB- . So keep an open mind when you push play on this new group 's CD and do n't be disappointed when you hear for yourself that `` it is just not Drowning Pool '' . This band should have come up with a new name for the new group.On this CD Gong uses that angry shout much more than Dave did . And that is ironic because he should be the happiest guy in hard rock to have landed a gig with CJ Pierce , Mike Luce and Stevie Benton.Update 8-8-2005 - Soil 's former singer Ryan McCombs joins Drowning Pool with a new release possible by year 's end according to info on the Drowning Pool website . My expectations are very high . Ryan 's singing is hard and very clear . See my review of Soil 's Redefine .
 We are talking music not sympathy and affection so stop praising this band because their singer died but they carried on etc. . I 'm sorry about their loss but that does n't change the fact that DP sounds like a regular college band . Comparing them to the likes of Pantera is either the greatest flattery they will ever get or an insult to Pantera . There are some good songs but only good enough not to change the station on the radio . Buying the CD has been a waste of money for me . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Nu-metal that wants to rip-off pantera ? Are you sirious ? If this guy was a fan of pantera he shouln 'd try to get in a nu-metal band in the first place -- that his first mistake ... second , rippin off a band is another terrible and stupid mistake.Why do it ? Get your own sound , man!Sinner sucked and dave may he rest in piece did n't do a good job neither.Anyways , drowning pool should all drawn and die like the late singer and retire -- do n't bother .
 I just got Drowning Pool 's debut CD `` Sinner '' for Christmas , and this is a kick ass CD . However , `` Desensitized '' tends to be disappointing . Without Dave Williams , Drowning Pool just is n't the same . `` Step Up '' , the first single , is really mediocre . `` Love and War '' is also an O.K. track , but it just is n't no `` Tear Away '' . This is a giant slide downward for the band ...
 I miss the Dave . He had such a great voice and this sounds like your average nu-metal crud . his voice set them apart . Maybe what i liked was the emotion that was in his voice . you really could feel it . He could go from a growl to a whisper in the same song . All this guy does is yell , which is what people do when they ca n't sing . Save your money and go buy sinner . its a much finer album with a much much better singer . R.I.P Dave . you are missed
 This band is now dead in terms of their music . DP 's hold hit `` Bodies '' is a creepy dark song with a lot of thrash . The new song `` Step Up '' sounds like crap you would hear at a monster truck show . Drowning Pool has lost their heavy touch and has achieved a redneck sound
 Dave Williams was to Drowning Pool what Kurt Cobain was to Nirvana . That being said , how could anyone compare this work to Drowning Pool 's earlier work ? The new lead singer is brash and forcefull , bringing no such melody to his voice that Dave did -LRB- for a metal singer , he had a good voice -RRB- and the guitarist 's style is completely different , although maybe talented . This is metal trash , and a disapointment .
 Ok , the video for Step Up is a joke right ? Please tell me that it is because I am really embarrased for them . How they get to be on Headbanger 's Ball is beyond me . This is not metal and never will be -LRB- and neither was Sinner -RRB- . I hated Dave 's DP and now I really despise whoever the new guy is . Oh , and I read one reviewer say that you should buy the Sinner CD because it went platinum . Guess what kid , Justin Timberlake and Beyonce are also platinum , and just because they are , does n't make them good .
 This new singer is an absolute tool ! I ca n't believe that the band went this route . Theyre going for some hip image of money and bitches . I do n't get it . This is an absolute joke . This is not real music , come on !
 I would have given it a big , fat _ ZERO _ stars if there was the option , but sadly , I could n't . Remember , this is the band that brought us the much overhyped and overplayed song `` Bodies . '' You could n't even go to the movies without hearing that dreaded , headache inducing piece of crap in every flick , commercial , trailer , etc. `` Let the bodies hit the floor , let the bodies hit the floor , let the bodies . . '' you feel my pain ? My body was about to hit the floor and rot if I had heard that line being repeated one more time.Drowning Pool truly are one hit wonders -- their second release with new singer Jason Jones fell flat on its face as soon as every Drowning Pool `` Hulkamaniac '' found out their single was n't `` Bodies 2 . '' Before original singer Dave Williams flatlined , he was making very ignorant remarks and insulting religion , flaunting his atheism and showing up in magazine interviews claiming that `` God is n't real . '' Yeah Mr. Williams , God is n't real . I bet where you 're at right now , you wish he was though . ; -RRB- Unfortunately for me , I had to put up with hearing this CD due to my younger brother 's bad taste in music -LRB- because you know there 's no way on Earth I would 've bought this atrocity with my own money . -RRB- So if anybody 's reading this , believe me , you do n't want to buy it either . AVOID !
 After Dave Williams ' unexpected death , I like many others thought this act of God signaled the end of Drowning Pool . Drowning Pool was actually my favorite band before Dave 's death , after which Linkin Park took the spot that DP had held for so long . So when I heard that Drowning Pool had a new singer and was releasing a new CD , I was naturally really excited - but a bit apprehensive considering the new singer , Jason `` Gong '' Jones , was most definitely not Williams , and Williams was undoubtedly what made Drowning Pool what it was in the first place . I kept my hopes up , though , and was n't too disappointed when I first heard Step Up , on the Punisher soundtrack . I thought the new singer sounded nothing like Williams , which is n't a rip , cause hell , he ai n't Dave Williams , I can tell you that . What 's my point ? My point is that the original Drowning Pool was -LRB- is -RRB- one hell of a lot better than the new DP and `` Desensitized '' with some other standout tracks besides Step Up , mainly Bringing Me Down and Cast Me Aside . I mean , as I 've said , yes the guitars and drums were totally f *** ing amazing , but Dave Williams was what originally made Drowning Pool , what caused them to stand out to me , and without Dave at the helm ... well , they 're just another band out there . Dave was to Drowning Pool what Mike and Chester are to Linkin Park
 I love how they trotted this crap out for us all to see and hear . I found the video for `` Step Up '' to be some of the best musical cinema ever made . I really think that they should receive the Nobel Prize or at least some type of Presidential Commendation for their efforts . Overall thoughts on the c.d. and video ----- > `` They 're not serious are they ? '' Because if they are then they need to step up so they can get knocked down .
 Drowning Pool just is n't good anymore . Dave Williams can never be replaced . He was and is still the man who Drowning Pool was all about . He was a kind man and way better singer than the new one . Dave should be in the Rock and Roll hall of fame . He is a legend . In dave 's words `` The Things I Believe In Family , Friends , and Music , They Have n't Let Me Down Yet ! '' RIP Dave Williams February 29,1972 - August 14 , 2002 You are truly missed !
 Dave Williams died much too young -- go buy `` Sinner '' if you do n't have it and do n't bother with this new version of Drowning Pool .
 We all know there are a bunch of terrible nu-metal cds to come out from 1998-2003 . Thankfully , it 's pretty much died out . Although I never really cared for Drowning Pool because most of the stuff was generic as hell , the songwriting was n't completely terrible , but this cd is god-awful . It 's sad that they kept the same name and got some chump to fill in . It 's funny that they have to put a hot chic on their album cover to try and push more units . The band , if anything spiraled down even further with the new singer , maybe I 'm biased because nu-metal almost single handedly ruined me on heavy music , but still , he 's terrible . The one band that got thrown in the nu-metal mixing bowl that totally did n't deserve it was Mushroomhead . Those guys are amazing musicians that were -LRB- and still are -RRB- doing something very unique . So , for all of you parachute pants wearing pony nob hot topic kids , remember nu-metal is dead , and it 's not coming back hopefully for a long time , check out some up and coming labels for hardcore/punk/metal such as ferret , facedown , and abacus .
 Nu metal sux . Drowning Pool sucks . This is dumb , inferior music that is so bad it is used to torture people and the band is fine with that . One member thinks their music could help `` prevent another 9-11 '' . Save your money and save your brain and avoid trash music like this . It ai n't good for ya kids but that still does n't make it cool .
 This album sucks -LRB- ... -RRB- , the only good thing about this album is the cover .
 heeheheheheheheheWhy dosent drowning pool just drown themselves in a pool get it cause they stink like a portapotte on a hot summer 's day heheheheheheheheheheheahahahahahahahahaha
 The best place to be ONE with this is in a clearance bin and you are desperate to spend a buck because you need to break a twenty.If you like unthrilling and easy to forget - this is right up your alley.Pass on it you will thank me .
 A girlfriend I had years back bought this album for me because she loved the song amplifier and figured I would as well . I thought the song was stupid ... and told her as much . We broke up a couple months later.The first three songs on the collection are good . The first , Black and White , is an absolute gem . If I had a seven inch of the first three songs I 'd give the DBs a four star rating . This ... I do n't find it interesting . Sounds like an 80 's movie background band . Not worth the $ 10 . Maybe you disagree .
 I bought this album on the strength of these reviews-what a mistake . After listening to this comp , I am again truly amazed at the reviews . I understnad that one persons floor is anothers ceiling and all that , but hey ... these guys are nowhere even near Bigstar or other bands that I see other reviewers use as a comparrison . Anyway , as a heartfelt sign of the times or nostalgia for people who saw / know them , maybe this album is great , but for a lot of us who did indeed never hear of them -LRB- no surprise there -RRB- their music does n't really stand up to the test of time . Dated ? You bet ! Musicianship ? Basic at best . Coming from someone who likes listening to anyone who puts it on the line - no matter how wavering , I got ta say , if this is their best example , these guys were amateur warblers who came to NYC to just hang out and take in the sites and music scenes .
 I want to listen to the music before I buy it . You guys do n't have any audio clips .
 the suits at verve should be shotkrall is a gifted pianistback to the triolose the saccharine orchestral crap
 It would be interesting to know who makes these decisions to dilute the creativity and add strings or orchestra to these arrangements . It now sounds like a zillion other artists who , after a unique beginning , adds canned music to their work . Is it the producer?How sad ...
 Diana Krall 's voice is splendid as always , but `` The Look of Love '' lacks the soul and wit of her earlier releases .
 Any album by Ms. Krall is eagerly anticipated . `` The Look of Love '' is no exception . The bossa nova flavor harkens back to the 1950s and 1960s bringing to mind those wonderful guitar albums by the late Charlie Byrd . As usual , Diana blends her keyboard artistry with a sultry voice reminencent of ` torch singers ' from the past . While a good album , I would have found it more appealing if it had featured more of her keyboard styling . No matter ... it is a worthwhile addition to any collection . Cuts that were particulary appealing included the Adair & Dennis tune `` A Night We Called it a Day '' and Hoagy 's `` I Get Along without you Very Well '' .
 This review comes from a big DK fan from Canada who loves her style and piano . This is easily her worst CD ; no edge to her voice , which is muted for some reason , piano almost nonexistent , strings take long monotonous solos , questionable song selections for a a jazz singer . Even Cry Me A River does n't make it whereas live in concert she does a a bang up job . Buy `` All For You '' or '' When I Look in Your Eyes '' to hear the real Diana . I hope that she does n't make this kind of mistake again
 Diana Krall has almost no feeling on this CD . I like her piano playing , possibly she should do more of that . It seems almost like she is being put together by the record company , much like a pop artist . She might be better off fighting for some artistic integrity in the long run .
 I bought this CD based on an article by Stephen Holden in the 12/6/01 New York Times . The article was about the current state of cabaret singing . Holden said the album was `` perhaps the most satisfying collection of orchestrated popular standards to be released since the heyday of Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald . '' I hope not , given how bad the album is . Before buying this album , buy some of the Sinatra albums with Riddle from the early 1950s and some of Fitzgerald 's Songbook albums , if you have n't already.This is my first album by Krall . Her style/approach , at least on this album , did nothing for me . It was interesting to see that quite a few of the online reviewers hated this album , but liked her earlier albums . Yet , I found one online reviewer that thought this album was her best and that her other albums were bad .
 I do n't like to make critical comments concerning music . But I can not say anything positive about this release either.I am familiar with the producers -LRB- Tommy LiPuma and Al Schmitt -RRB- , whom collaborated on many fine late 70 's and 80 's Jazz releases for Warner Bros.Breezin . And Claus OgermanClaus Ogerman Featuring Michael Breckeris thrown into this swill-mix to conduct the orchestration.Marilyn Scott sang a rendition of `` The Look of Love `` Avenues of Lovewhich is the benchmark for today 's torch singers . Buy her release . It is far superior for all of the contained songs.This release is uninspired . Do you like carbonated soda without the fizz ? Powdered milk at room temperature ? Well , you 're in luck -- this release is for you!Ms . Krall sang a rendition of `` Boulevard of Broken Dreams '' on this albumAll for You
 The blame for this poor cd must rest with Tommy Lipuma and Klaus Ogermann . They ovewhelm Ms Krall completly with syrupy one paced arrangements of beautiful songs , on her previous album at least there were sparky trio and quartet tunes to stop it being too sweet . Get a new producer and go back to the small group format , it 's what you do best .
 First off , I am a huge Diana fan , she has breathed new life into jazz singing and piano.That said , what the heck happened ? On other discs , there may be a few songs I do n't love , but I enjoy them as part of the disc . There is always one that sticks out like Frim Fram Sauce or Peel Me A Grape . One song that shows off Diana 's talent and spunk.My biggest problem with this album is that that song does not exist . I listened to it closely three times trying to find something I liked but came up empty handed . I thought that an album of slow songs would be good , but it is n't . Or at least not these songs . Linda Ronstadt 's version of Round Midnight is slow , but it 's a real tearjerker , you can feel the pain being sung and the arrangement is spectacular , which makes it beautiful . That is good slow . Diana , I do n't mean to criticize , but what happened?The CD has a wonderful look to it , the best yet , but it is as good as this album gets . I still look forward to her next album . I hope she does n't fall into the same pattern of most artists , getting worse with age . Let 's hear some spunkiness !
 Because I loved previous releases of DK , I pre-ordered two of these CD to use one as a gift for somebody very special to me . However , this disk is a sad disappointment . Shortly speaking , it is over-produced , arrangements are annoying , sound quality is poor . ` Besame Mucho ' is a disaster ... She sings slow ballads , which I like best in her interpretation , but the feeling of intimacy is missing . After two years of silence this CD sounds like a joke from such a talented artist.It is no use to make further critical comments concerning this record - read others from those who describe themselves as her big fans and yet give it one or two stars only . Unfortunately , they are perfectly right.Sorry K. , I did n't know ...
 As an owner of a few Diana Krall 's CD , I have to say this CD is truly a waste of her talent . In this , she made it too obvious that she fell into the trap of commercialism and easy money . Where is jazz , passion , emotion , and depth ??? No life in this album . This is one of those tacky labels with a famous name attached . Good for a cocktail/lounge music , at most .
 I really , really wanted to love this album , because Diana Krall is just so talented . But alas , I must agree with the folks who feel that she has abandoned her strengths . I agree very much with the fella below who discusses the `` George-Bensonization '' of Diana Krall . Diana Krall is a `` musicians musician '' , or at least she was ... but not on this album . If you loved her other albums because of their intimate vocals and fabulous piano playing , you will be disappointed with this effort . You should probably still buy it , but do n't expect her old magic . This is an album of sophisticated background music , albeit excellent background music . I have all her CDs and this is her poorest effort . If you like jazz at all , buy any of her other recordings first . On the other hand , if you LOVE Celine Dion or Streisand , buy this one first and work your way backwards . By the way if you like Diana Krall , check out Julie London , you 'll like her too .
 Diana Krall 's new album is not unlike the one released before it
 I really love her other CD 's , but was very , very disappointed when I first listened to this one.It reminds me of Mantovani in the sixties and seventies.You might use it as elevator-music though ,
 Yep , the booklet is sooooo sexxxxxxxy.Well , so ? Musically , one of the worst jazz -LRB- y -RRB- CD of the year . Apart Lisa EKDAHL , hard to find a less swinging singer -LRB- ? -RRB- . Hard to decide who is the worst
 Diana Krall is a multi-talented performer . Wheather it 's her beautifully seductive voice or her lively , syncopated play on the piano , this woman has it all . This latest disk unfortunately , does not . Diana has shifted her priorities over the years from emphasising her piano to developing her vocals . This may be great for those listeners atrracted primarily to her singing . If you 're like myself however , and was hoping to hear her `` WOW '' you on the piano , you are going to be sorely dissapointed . Diana Krall the piano player failed to show up for these recordings .
 I 'm sure I am in the minority in my opinions of this CD , but-this new album represents a giant step for Ms. Krall away from her jazz roots and , sadly , toward `` popular '' even `` elevator '' music . Even though Dianna has had great commercial success with her newer CDs , I still feel Dianna 's best recorded work was done on her CD `` All for You '' a tribute to the Nat King Cole Trio recorded a few years ago . I own all her CDs and have seen her perform live thus I do have some perspective on her body of work . This new album is far too bland , quiet and boring . As some other reviewers have noted-after a while , probably due to the slow tempo and heavy orchestration , the songs start sounding the alike ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I saw Diana Krall at Blues Alley in DC , which holds some 50 people , some years back . One of the best concerts I ever saw . She had a trio with her . She and the accompanyists played long breaks - 15 minutes of instrumentals and 2-3 minutes of singing . There was lots of well joined interaction with the bass and guitar in the trio.I 'm sure this CD will be popular with a lot of people . The cover and inside pictures show us a lot of skin and Diana in almost pinup poses . She sings a lot of slow ballads - I usually like ballads.I eargerly anticipated this CD . It is a profound disappointment . I have to say this CD is listless and energy-less . Diana sleepwalks through the perfomances . She hits a few keys here and there but there is little or none of the Nat King Cole style piano which graced her earlier albums . She is overwhelmed by a sea of syrupy violins . I ca n't believe she enjoys doing this stuff.Maybe she can make a deal with Verve . One album of schlocky orchestrated ballads followed by one album of trio work where she gets to play her sparkling piano parts and the singing is minimal . That 's what she does best and what she obviously enjoys.For much better Diana Krall with energy , buy `` All for You '' or perhaps `` Love Scenes '' .
 I am a fan of Diana Krall and have several of her CD 's . and I too am disappointed in this album . I must have counted a 100 disappointed reviews in here -- really depressing . Then I discovered Dena DeRose ! If you have n't listened to Dena , you will be in for great listening Jazz experiencence . Dena really is a unique talent with a clear , exciting voice , an accomplished jazzz pianist , she arranges , and composes for her albums , accompanies herself and her solos are of a jazz intellect that are melodic and exciting and smooth.I listen to her albums constantly , and never tire of them , because with each listening , I feel something new . Although Dena is relatively unknown as DK , I think she will be a contender of Diana 's . I certainly was not disappointed with Dena DeRose . Win me back Diana , with your next album .
 So somebody in sales & marketing had a brilliant idea at the last biz-brainstorm
 You 'll be seeing countless copies of this CD -LRB- and all of Ms. Krall 's other work -RRB- in used CD stores across this nation for decades to come .
 I 've long been of the opinion that Ms. Krall is a victim of her own publicity and of the hype that says anyone who looks as good as she does must sound good too.Sorry but she does n't hold a candle to any real singer of jazz and she should stick to playing the piano where she 's at least competent . Compared to Ella , Sassy or Dinah Washington , the blonde bombshell from Nanaimo , B.C. is more of a bomb . Even as a pianist she ca n't match Marian McPartland or Jeri Southern . In fact she could learn a thing or two about singing from Jeri and a whole lot about piano-playing from Marian.This album is overproduced and the talents of Claus Ogermann are wasted . Krall needs to learn breath control , phrasing and timing . I suggest she spend some time listening to Sinatra , Bennett or same-sex singers like Nancy and Cassandra Wilson , Diane Schuur and Lena Horne . They do n't break lyrics in the wrong places or scoop notes to compensate for missing them on the first try . The album might better have been titled , `` The ballad is my undoing . `` She should stick to what she does best , rhythmic and swingy numbers like `` Frim Fram Sauce , '' `` I 'm an errand girl for rhythm '' and `` Popsicle toes . '' Better yet , she should sing no more often than every second time she sits down at the piano .
 Yesterday evening my girlfriend came with a copy of the European edition of `` The Look of Love '' , Diana Krall 's new album.First , we played it in our Meridian 588 but it sounded so bad - I mean over processed - that we thought that something was wrong with the disc or the player . So I removed the disc , turn off the player and when back on , I played a copy of `` When I Look in Your Eyes '' , one of her older albums , and everything was fine . So , I played `` The Look of Love '' again and there it was that -LSB- poor -RSB- sound quality again . Then I played the disc in my other CD and SACD/DVD players and got the same results . So we went to the record store and got the CD replaced by a new one just for getting the same sound quality.In my opinion , the sound of this album is not only light years away of the typical Diana Krall 's sound but worse than some of the ... MP3 I have downloaded from the Internet . I do n't know if it is due to a bad mixing , mastering , or if the record company has used any copy protection scheme that has damaged the sound at this extent , but it sounds like if the music was coming through a long metal tube and like it was converted from the analog tapes using a 49.95 sound card and some shareware software.All the warmth and resolution typical in all the older records of one of the best recorded female singers is gone ... This morning I went to AudioAsylum.com to express my unconformity with the quality of this recording and found a lot of complains about the very same album.Hope the record company read our posts and know that tonight they will have one more copy of this particular record returned .
 We 've all waited a long time - and for what ? Music quality is not good - orchestra with vocal is very difficult to have them both on the same cd track.Maybe next time Diana ...
 This is not the Diana Krall I know and love . The orchestra on every track is simply not her style and the singing is very uninspired . One or two phrasings in `` Cry Me a River '' caught my attention ; otherwise , there is nothing of the playfulness , moodiness or sultry singing she exhibits on virtually every other track she 's ever cut . And then , of course , there 's no piano to even compare with her other CD 's . I was so disappointed I tried to give this CD to a friend but he gave it back to me after listening to it .
 I am a big fan of Diana Krall but found this album to be a big disappointment . The arrangements are very plain and the whole album lacks energy . If you want to hear how a ballad can be delivered with intensity and direction , try Kurt Elling 's latest - `` Flirting With Twilight '' I 'm looking forward to Diana 's next effort .
 I do n't get Diana Krall . Yes , her taste in music is excellent , and the accompaniments to her singing are usually good -LRB- as they are on this album -RRB- . But she is such a lousy singer , with a voice that is almost always flat and stilted . She always sounds like she just rolled out of bed at 7:00 in the morning and dragged herself in front of a small jazz group or a big orchestra . All of these songs have been done a million times by real singers , so what 's the point of listening to her ?
 Her voice defines medicore . SUltriness to cover the fact that the voice is weak . Her grammy was a laugh , but then again most of them are .
 What a disappointment . If this is the direction Diana wants to take her career , fine , but I suspect it 's the record producers who are to blame for this CD . Before I buy her next CD I 'll check to see if there is an orchestra involved . If there is , I 'll pass . And the art designer has a foot fetish .
 Went for the commercial appeal and overreached -- waaaay too sugary . Where 's the snap of the ` Errand Girl for Rhythm ` gone ? Skip this CD , skip ` Love Scenes ' CD , and go back to ` When I Look in Your Eyes ' for some good stuff . The lady 's got a fabulous voice but please let 's not drown her in orchestration ! And this CD seems mighty skimpy on Ms K 's fine piano . Sigh . I had hoped for something to stretch her talents , but this CD did n't do it .
 The magic from the previous records are gone ... replaced by a big set of strings . Diana Krall still has a great a voice , but she sounds like one of many pretty-but-boring singers , drowned in a boring , predictable sound . There 's not much trace of jazz here , which was made her previous records good - it 's just a predictable , slightly pompous record . Go buy `` Love Scenes '' or `` Stepping Out '' instead - they 're brilliant , and showcase what Diana Krall is good for .
 Diana Krall sleepwalks through this CD in a bland , elevator music style . It 's a shame . I like her voice . I think she has talent . But her tempos over the years get slower and slower , she takes fewer and fewer chances and invests no personality , no emotion , no soul , to the point where the music is bland , background music . It 's a waste of a lot of talent but the sad truth seems to be that Krall likes taking the easy way out . God forbid she should reach for a high note or create a crescendo , or show some passion . I did n't think it was possible to fall asleep during an intense song like Besame Mucho , but ... Let 's stop calling Krall a jazz singer , which is really a bad joke . She 'd go better with Lawrence Welk at this point . But let 's be clear , too
 I think this CD is just OK . Adding string orchestra made her voice more distance . Intimacy is the key of her other album . It 's totally lost here . Her singing is bland . Gone are the ` conviction ' and playfulness . Her selection of songs are weak . There is no new ground broken here . I wo n't recommend this album .
 I purchase quite a number of CDs thru ... based on the recommendation feature . It 's probably my favorite ... feature , and it has introduced me to a broad assortment of great music.I 've been familiar with Diana 's name -- not her music -- so I took a chance when this CD kept popping up on my recommendation list . I 'm honest enough to admit that I was somewhat captivated by the cover photo.Unfortunately , the cover photo is about as good as this CD gets . I really did n't grasp from the other reviews that Diana Krull is a female Frank Sinatra . Yes , she 's apparently a musician as well , but that really did n't come thru to me based on this effort . As I listen to this I just keep thinking , `` lounge singer , lounge singer , lounge singer . `` I 'll keep this CD in my car for a week or so and see if it grows on me , but I do n't see a lot of promise .
 It was nice when the handlers allowed Diana Krall to be a jazz musician . Her piano playing was excellent , her vocal timbre and timing were divine . This CD is great if you like elevator music . The strings wash over and bleach out the music . For good jazz from Krall go back to her earliest efforts .
 I am a big Krall fan , but this album lacked that special touch she has had on past albums . A little bit to much orchestra , and not enough piano . An okay album , but not great .
 The first two albums by Diana Krall were off the charts . However , her latest album is a great disappointment . The arrangements are all strings , and little of Diana 's wonderful piano skills . Also , she apparently has determined that ` talking or whispering the lyrics ' is better than singing them . Not only does she not only not use her vocal skills , she has apparently decided not to play the piano as well . Someone should also tell Mr. DiPuma , her manager , who apparently selects her songs , to dump the strings , go back to the wonderful jazz sounds of her trio , and let her use the voice that made her an icon . I hope Ms. Krall does n't follow the footsteps of Nat King Cole -LRB- her idol -RRB- who gave way to the money tree and abandoned his jazz roots to became a ` TV singer ' . Finally , Diana 's voice is sexy enough , she does n't need to overdue it as she does in this album .
 I bought this CD sight unseen -LRB- or unheard -RRB- because I loved her previous two disks -LRB- would have given them 5 stars -RRB- . What a disappointment ! I could probably live with the cloying strings in the background if Krall 's performance was up to her previous ones , but she seems completely detached from the songs she 's singing . There 's no emotional connection , no snap , it 's like she 's sleepwalking though the performance . These are songs that tell a story , but Krall is singing words like they have no meaning . Let 's face it , Krall does n't have a great voice , she depends on her wit , and phrasing to connect with the song . They 're absent here , and what 's left is n't enough to justify buying this CD .
 I have been a fan for some years but I had to find someone to give this wretched CD to -LCB- who wouldt be offended -LCB- . The production swamps the players in a sea of sugar.It could be Mantavoni for slow learners.I will still go to see her live ... as long as she leaves the string section at home .
 Este disco est&aacute; muy por debajo de los anteriores . Aunque est&eacute;ticamente se acerca a `` When I look in yor eyes '' , los arreglos orquestales de Claus Ogerman son muy inferiores a los que Johny Mandel hizo para el disco anterior , y adem&aacute;s apagan el maravilloso piano de la Krall . La versi&oacute;n de `` B&eacute;same mucho '' en espanol es un desastre ... El acento ingl&eacute;s y la falta de entonaci&oacute;n lo hacen muy inferior , por ejemplo , al que no hace mucho realiz&oacute; Diane Reeves . Sugerencia para el pr&oacute;ximo trabajo
 OK , I admit it . I bought the album for its cover . For insomniacs this is great therapy . Diana almost seems bored on these tracks , and the highlights come from the accompanying orchestration . Because of other reviews , I am going to buy some of her earlier works & give it a listen . If she was not a looker , would you buy this cd ?
 Diana Krall is a very talented artist , but `` The Look of Love '' is nothing new . This album shows no new design on the jazz world.Krall is a big name due to her packaging . Her very good looks with the talent of an amazing voice which in my book is in the same league as Shuur , Horne or any of the other women jazz afficianados.Kralls beauty is her beast . Though she is more commercially successful than her predecessors , she shows no soul in her music like Diane Shuur or Shirley Horne . Diana Krall is like Cindy Crawford in a way , she is there to put on a dress -LRB- jazz music -RRB- and make it look pretty.Though a good album there is no new material or sound here that I have n't heard before . Diana Krall is all dressing and no depth.She is the Britney Spears of the jazz world showing with her good looks and good voice that with mundane jazz music and proper packaging she can be a superstar ... shame.With the wonderful talents of Diane Shuur , Martha Wash , Jill Scott , and other female artists that do n't get as much attention it is a pity we have to go as far as good artificial looks and pristine packaging to finally get this countrys attention on good music . i.e. Josh Groban who I think will be a opera superstar - but only with his youth and good looks will get the teen set to finally appreciate good opera music.Shame that this country is so shallow . For Krall `` The Look of Love '' is basically `` The Look of the Same Old Thing '' . Nothing new , with a pretty face , a good voice trying to make some extra bucks for a record corporation .
 Surely there must be others who feel , as I do , that Krall is an over-hyped , mediocre vocalist lacking in passion and depth , with an almost complete inability to communicate the emotional essence of a lyric . So who 's buying all these CDs ? Probably people who also think Norah Jones and Peter Cincotti are just swell and would n't know a real singer if one bit them on their posteriors , I suppose . Hey Krall fans , ever hear of Lee Wiley ? Peggy Lee ? Oh , I forgot , they 're not only not young and blonde anymore , they 're DEAD , so they 're not `` relevant '' to your late-twenty-something musical `` tastes . '' Krall is for people who voted for Bush because `` he seemed sincere '' and go to see the latest `` blockbuster '' CGI-laden movie because the Fox TV critic called it `` a white-knuckle thrill ride . '' The triumph of media hype over taste and discrimination is now complete .
 But its a bit difficult . I do n't want to offend anyone so here I go . This CD is probably one of the worst out of my collection . It was a quite dissapointment after hearing the `` Diana Krall Craze '' with everyone raving about her gorgeous voice and wonderful CD . I 'm not saying that she does n't have talent , she might have but she obviously does n't show it in her CD . I 'm sorry if you think so but this is MY review not yours . So as I continue . I like mellow music but not of this kind . The songs are a bit too boring to my taste , I 've heard great things about Norah Jones so that will probably be the next CD I purchase.Overall
 It is sitting in my cd rack but it was not my idea to buy this album . I do not understand why artists that can not come out with their own songs have such a great success . At least , if she would have done those songs in a diffent style than the original songs , it would be a little more interesting and creative . Imagine a country version of `` The look of love '' , or the opposite , a jazz version of `` Sweet dreams are made of this '' . I find women have a lack of imagination in music . Singing is the big thing for them and that 's about it . When they touch an instrument , they do n't want to reinvent music and limit themselves in few styles . Sexy and good looking is another big thing that I would trade easily for woman with charisma . Would they venture to be part of a band instead of being the sole member?Stupid as it is , I have a pair of shoes that I call my Diana Krall 's shoes , as if she was nothing else than a pair of legs on top of high heels . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I followed the hype and bought it . Big mistake . Hellooooo there ! Not only is it painfully academic , it 's also plain boring . If you 're into lounge look on Lisa Ekdahl 's side . If you love jazz just listen to Kurt Elling . When HE does a ballad album there 's more than meets the ear ...
 The latest offering from a very telented singer/pianist . voice very good but this production has two major problems -LRB- 1 -RRB- a very slow dreary orchestra which makes musak sound positively swinging -LRB- 2 -RRB- tacky , revolting sexist accompanying photos.Don ' t buy it.Instead get her earlier work , or anything by Stacey Kent or Carmen McRae .
 So far Krall seems , at best , an imitation of Jazz vocalists from the 1960 's . This album is average if you are new to the genre , but as a somewhat experienced listener or as a novice who desires a little history and authenticity , you might want to look up artists from 1920 and on . Krall has a somewhat unique style ; however , I thought this album was too plain , too passionless , and too `` anglo-saxon '' . For all who read this criticism , you should listen to Astrud Gilberto -LRB- and even Fiona Apple -RRB- before considering Diana Krall .
 Diana Krall has incredible talent - too bad she did n't bring it to this project . Pass on this CD , and buy one of her past efforts . Hopefully she will fire the bozos who produced this stinker , and get back to what she does well .
 Diana Krall has a lovely voice and nice songs , but not up to her usual standards . It reminds me of Julie London , but with less force and energy . The album is too weak in interpretation and misses musical guts .
 I think in this album Diana tried to win you over with the pictures rather then the music . I felt her songs lacked emotion.She had more pictures then songs . It is no doubt that Diana is a pretty woman but that is n't why I listen to her music . I love Jazz but this album was in a low bedroom whisper -LRB- as I have heard another reviewer say -RRB- and was n't what I think she is capable of.Sex is what sells in pop but not in jazz , we want substance and emotion.I was disappointed .
 These days when Bossa Nova is making quite a comeback , I do n't really mind if old artists want to join in and fine tune their creative musings to the sound of sexy cool music.Unfortunately for Diana Krall , this does not look like one of her strengths . The orchestra dramatizes every song with sweeping intros and what-not whereas the heart of Bossa Nova is a Bongo and accompanied with classical guitar strings and the tempo is supposedly medium-slow as opposed to her downright slow and boring.In my old favourites like ` Besame Mucho ' she sung like she did not take Spanish in one of her foreign language classes whereas in ` The Look of Love ' like she has just lost love instead of found it.The thing here is slow , sweeping orchestration and a husky voice does not always equate sexy . I know she has talent but Diana needs to let it all come out and not ` try ' that much .
 I really wanted to like this CD . I think Ms. Krall has done some wonderful work in the past and has brought a lot to jazz vocal music . Unfortunately , this one will probably just end up in my stack of `` mood music '' . Here are some pros and cons : Pros
 Unfortunately , Ms. Krall 's follow-up album to the phenomenal `` When I Look In Your Eyes '' is as disappointment . The song selection is unstimulating at best , boring and pathetic at worst . Even her voice seems out of sync , and her normally stunning intonations are all wrong . The title cut which is a great song , seems dull and unimaginative.It seems that her fame and noteriety has caught up with her artistic capabilities and dulled her creative possibilities . Why did Tommy LiPuma let this be released ? An utterly boring and disappointing album from an artist on the verge of stardum . Again , the album cover focuses too much on her looks . Diana should be ashamed . This time her music does not equal her looks .
 Ms. Krall 's latest album consists of stylish renditions of standard tunes , consisting of `` mood music '' appropriate for rainy days and background music . Unfortunately , for those who remember her earlier albums or may have heard her perform , there is very little if any of her substantial jazz piano playing ability on display . Given the abundance of elevator music and/or `` smooth jazz '' offerings , it is regrettable that Ms. Krall does not have the courage , conviction , or perhaps opportunity to simply record a straight ahead , hard bop trio album -LRB- or a quartet with someone of note -- Joe Lovano ? -RRB- . Most likely , given the success of her last two albums , she has the means to choose her own artistic projects . Her tasty , well-constructed improvisations were such a welcome addition to the new jazz talent that made its brief debut in the early and mid 90s . Now they have taken an excellent piano player who is easy on the eyes and made her a fixture of yuppie love affairs .
 I am an avid Diana Krall fan . I have all of her discs -LRB- imports included -RRB- and have seen her in concert three times . As much as I think she 's the greatest thing to happen to jazz vocals since Peggy Lee , I 've got to let her know that this latest path in the road she 's taken is not the one to stay on . She sounds tired and uninspired - which I 'm sure she is knowing the demanding schedule she keeps . It 's overproduced and each song is sung in the same key . I enjoy her singing on the holiday Target commercials more than this disc . Go back to your roots Diana , and do n't let the demand for your fabulous music lower your standards to get it out there by any means necessary .
 Ms Krall has discovered the cure to insomnia . What happened to the Diana Krall of `` All for You '' ?
 There 's probably no bigger fan of Diana Krall around then myself , but I have to say that with each CD she moves farther away from what made her special in the first place . She is experiencing what I call `` George Benson-ization '' . Let me explain ... A long time ago , George Benson showed promise as one of the great jazz acoustic guitarists , in the mold of Wes Montgomery . After he released more than a few tunes with vocals , it seemed that his guitar playing became secondary as he became more of a pop singer than an `` artist '' . Soon , he was irrelevant within the genre of jazz . If one listens to early Diana Krall , we hear her superb piano style , as well as her rough but greatly interpretive vocals . But with each successive album , and in keeping with her expanding popularity , her albums are increasing string-laden and , well , syrupy . The arrangements not only overwhelm the vocals , but in many cases seem to lack any relation to the emotional viewpoint of the song . And where 's the piano?My feeling is that her record label is pushing her toward the mainstream , when they should be letting her follow her muse and allow the mainstream to come to her due to the force of her talent . Either way , I hope that she will again someday get back to the jazz combo sound that made her special in the first place .
 Great songs , beautifully lush arrangements , subtle rhythms ... unfortunately , the singer seems to have phoned in her performance . Her delivery is , for the most part , flat and lifeless , without any of the spark she showed on previous albums . Maybe she 's tired from touring too much , but there 's no reason to try to sell a bad performance.If Ms. Krall has any respect for her fans , she 'd have a cup of coffee and rerecord her vocal part for this CD .
 I am a big fan of Diana Krall from her very first releases but I find the Look of Love release to be too syrupy . She is moving further away from her jazz roots . I would like to see her re-emerge with the traditional trio or quartet setting which allows her jazz style to shine . Back to basics would be my advice .
 I got ta agree with the reviewer who said he/she does n't `` get '' Diana Krall . I do n't either . I 've heard a couple of cuts on the jazz station and read enough good reviews to figure she was worth checking out . Maybe I got the wrong Diana Krall CD , because this one did nothing much for me . It 's a nice collection of songs , I just wish someone else was singing them .
 Diana Krall used to be a jazz piano player who also was a singer . That description is no longer accurate for her most recent work . I do n't think the music on `` The Look of Love '' is jazz music . There is precious little jazz piano playing , or any kind of piano playing at all . There are some easy listening vocals and there is a lot of orchestral string music . There is very little of anything that swings . Even songs that could benefit from some more up tempo pacing , like `` I Remember You '' , are slow and lethargic . If you like easy listening female vocals , sort of like `` smooth jazz '' with a smokey voice , perhaps you will find something of value here . I did n't . Miss Krall 's `` All for You '' remains my favorite of her several recordings . That was jazz piano playing and singing . `` The Look of Love '' is something else entirely . Look at the photography accompanying the CD box , and you can tell what is being sold . I am sorry , but it is not what I want to buy and listen to . Good luck to you in your new smooth jazz career , Miss Krall , I sorry but I wo n't be around to listen any more .
 A travesty , and I like Krall quite a bit . Two tempos only , Jimmy Scott ballad and medium-slow bossa nova . Arrangements completely vanilla , no originality whatsoever , and feature an overly-present guitar on most of them . She just sings these great standards completely flat . No surprise that , considering her support . Her producer , arranger , manager and she herself should be sentenced to a 3-year diet of Percy Faith . Hey Klaus , she 's Diana Krall , not Barbra Streisand ! You should refund your fee to her so she can get the small group going again and really showcase her talents . To me , this album is a BIG disappointment .
 OK , I took the plunge , bought into the hype , believed what I 'd read and ordered this CD from Amazon . Hey , it does n't hurt that she looks great on the cover either ! Talk about the old addage `` Do n't judge a book by it 's cover '' , do n't judge this record by it 's cover , or the reviews or the previous Grammy nominations . This is such middle of the road , unimaginative , watered down pap I can hardly believe it . Mediocrity really has risen to the top , a la Britney , J-Lo , etc. . A pretty face and a pretty weak musical effort . If this type of music REALLY interests you I suggest looking elsewhere for your aural pleasure - Enya , Eva Cassidy , Marilyn Scott , Patricia Barber are all better places to spend your hard earned music dollar .
 I began collecting Diana Krall a few years ago because she was a shining example of a newfound jazz recording artist , blessed with a great voice and outstanding piano skills . And we 'd get these showcased talents before a small trio or quartet of jazz musicians . But lately her artistry is buried playing love songs with an orchestra . If anyone is looking for watered down easy-listening stuff , go for it . But this is NOT jazz . I guess I 'll have to catch her on the way down .
 I listened Diana Krall live in concert tonight . I did not know much about her except that she is regarded as one of the greatest jazz artists of our generation which made me feel rather ignorant as I am a big fan of jazz . She played for an hour and a half tonight and she is obviously a talented musician . However , one thing struck me as odd ... for one of the shining lights of modern jazz , she sang one , ONE , original song . All of the music she played were covers of some of the greatest jazz music ever recorded . What became evident is that this talented woman bears a talent that is only skin deep . The one original song that she sang was horrendous , a lyrical disaster . I cringed each and every time the refrain was repeated . Granted the crowd , purveyors of insipid music one and all , ate it up . Her own music ca n't all be that bad can it ? I walked away with the thought that music , as in fine arts , has simply become a playground for lazy artists to appeal to lazy fans who do n't expect any more than rote regurgitation . Diana Krall is a cover artist . What galls me about her fame and fortune is that talent alone did n't make her famous . Is it because she 's an attractive woman who can tickle the keys of a piano and sing in a sultry voice ? There are multitudes of rock cover bands who get ridiculed for playing songs they did n't write . So , why does this woman get lauded for doing the same thing ? Talented yes , but genius ? ... to compare her to Cole Porter or Nat King Cole would be sinful .
 Anyone got milk ?? 'Cause this CD is totally homogenized . I discovered that almost each and every song sounds the SAME ! If you listen to the intros for all tracks , they are very , very similar . Several reasons why I am not impressed with this `` highly anticipated '' :1 -RRB- Diana seems to have caught the bossa nova bug . For 1 or 2 tracks , that 's fine , but an ENTIRE album dedicated to this Latino sound is beyond me . Way too homogenized of a sound , no variety . Songs were very similar to her previous album .2 -RRB- Diana is breaking away from her piano playing and just adding a few notes and lightly tickled trills here and there , which frankly is annoying . Either play or do n't play .3 -RRB- It 's clear that Diana is eager to push her image and become some sort of jazz `` sex kitten '' . Please . We do n't need dozens of pictures of you with legs and cleavage to understand that you want to be attractive . I do n't think anyone is twisting her arm to do that .4 -RRB- Sound quality is not good .5 -RRB- I 'm getting tired of all these lush , huge orchestra arrangements . To me , it clouds an otherwise beautiful song .6 -RRB- Not impressed with Diana 's vocals . I 'd rather hear her play . Too many breathy , torchy , sappy , love songs .7 -RRB- Apparently has a thing for the words `` look '' and `` love '' ... `` LOVE Scenes '' , `` When I LOOK in your eyes '' , `` The LOOK of LOVE '' . What 's the deal with that ?? 8 -RRB- Obviously headed to catch the Crossover Bus to Midtown Popville . Is there NO ONE who can stay true to their genre ?
 Awful CD . Ms. Krall 's CD maybe the hottest selling jazz CD in the nation at the moment , but this listener found her to be downright boring . She may as well have been singing the same song over and over as they all sound alike -- very monotone . I do n't mean to sound critical as I ca n't sing at all , but I wish more of the reviews had been so honest before I spent the money on this CD that I will never listen to . Count mine as another that will go as a used one for sale . If you are looking for a female jazz singer try Jane Monheit , much more pleasing to listen to .
 I did not buy this album , and though it will be the first Diana Krall album missing from my collection , I do n't intend to . I heard it playing last week in the neighborhood music section , and frankly , I wanted to puke . Aware of the inappropriateness of that response , I opted to leave that area of the store.I have been a fan of Diana 's for many years . I 've cheered her in small clubs , at charity events , and at larger venues . I recently have been dismayed by what I 've perceived as her steady slide into the lowest-common-denominator world of the record company marketing geeks . How else can one interpret the increasingly sappy , lush , and over-produced material ? -LRB- I know there 's a minor tradition in jazz greats incorporating orchestral accompaniment , e.g. , Charlie Parker , Nat Cole , but I hate that stuff , too . -RRB- This lady is a monster talent , I believe , not only technically but also as an interpreter of song who GETS IT , who understands the roots of Jazz . At her best , she can swing with the best of 'em . Diana once signed a napkin for my then-ten year-old daughter saying , `` H -----
 Will the real Diana Krall PLEASE WAKE UP . I have every CD that she has released and seen her live several times . She and her quartet have a hot tight sound . After waiting so long for a new release , this was indeed a disappointment !
 Diana Krall is a talented vocalist , but her performance here is flat and uninspired . Even if her interpretation were more interesting , her particular style would not suit the song selection . And last but not least , what exactly is the point of covering signature songs by legendary artists such as Ella Fitzgerald & Billie Holiday ? In my view , it is an insult to the memory of the artists in question , and to the intelligence of aficionados everywhere .
 Alright , I would n't say that this album is bad because there is still nice tracks like `` S ' Wonderful '' , `` Cry Me A River '' and `` The Look of Love '' ... Ms Krall sounded nice in these tracks as she manages to bring out the right feeling ... Other than that , I think this album is a disappointment ... The rest of the tracks sounded quite boring . Ms Krall sounded tired and I could n't really catch the melody ... Buy this album is you are really crazy over Diana Krall ... If you 're not and wants to listen to this album anyway ... Just borrow this disc from a friend if he/she has it ...
 Being a fan , I found myself horribly disappointed at this near `` elevator music '' . For me , Diana Krall is a great pianist who can sing ; not a great singer who can play piano . Why these sappy arrangements ? Does popularity mean selling out to the mainstream ? Please get back to where you belong !
 Diana Krall 's best looking cover art to date wraps an excruciatingly dull CD . A huge disappointment after the brilliant performance delivered on `` When I Look In Your Eyes '' . Maybe she needs to re-record all the songs here , with a jazz producer , not some reject who thinks the sound of Mantovani and Barry Manilow from their declining `` Las Vegas '' years is the ` future ' of music.Diana needs to keep the great cover art ... a little skin always sells , and Diana Krall sure has great looking skin . So the photographer can stay . But if the product is jazz , not pinups , then a big change in direction is needed , and the producer needs to be fired .
 I 've been a Diana Krall fan since Only trust your heart . I think this album is allright , but is very far from where Diana really shines
 Diana Krall 's impeccable musicality can only take a listerner so far before ennui takes over . If there 's a missing ingredient in her musical persona , it 's passion . She 's the aural equivalent of a quaalude . All of these standards are tastefully rendered , virtually pristine in a tapestry of lush arrangements . The unvarying emotional tone , however , virtually smacks of minimalism . It 's as if Krall is afraid of exposing some awkward , inexplicably human feeling . For another set of standards , try Joni Mitchell 's Both Sides Now . Unlike Krall , her good taste does n't freeze the material .
 This is an amendment to my earlier review which I wrote after an inital listen last fall . My first impression was that this was a nice departure for her , but since then I 've probably listened to this CD at most four times . I think it boils down to one thing . BORING ! I still and always listen to all her previous CDs , but this one has become lost in the pile , it 's pure and utter muzak . A better title would be `` The Monotone of Love '' . I know this is n't a very useful review for people interested in purchasing this disc , but I just had to post a new review to reflect my awakening . Boy , do I feel better !
 She has a great voice . It 's time for her to start doing some music of her own , and not copy other great female voices anymore . I have never heard such a pretentious interpretation , singing as someone who has the most marvelous voice on Earth and trying to make it sound special . Not a bad CD , but just very boring and pretentious . You can almost see her singing
 It completely amazes me that the jazz field is so zoned out today that it promotes a flat and lifeless singer like Ms. Kral yet ignores great talent like Carmen Lundy , Diane Schuur and Ernestine Anderson !! If you are really interested in great jazz singing check out the amazing `` Love Makes The Changes '' by Ernestine Anderson and `` Something To Believe In '' by Carmen Lundy !! These will both spin your head around and show you what great jazz singing is all about !! The production on The Look Of Love is superb but the vocal tracks are not inspired and bring nothing interesting to the great program of songs !! Now if Ms. Lundy or Ernestine Anderson laid down the vocals in this great production then we would have something to get excited about !!!! For now those of us who love great singing can only wish and hope for the day when the jazz world wakes up from its stupor and gets behind great talent . In the long run exciting artists create excited fans who rush to buy product that has something of substance to get excited about over and over !!! I see tons of understock everywhere I go on the works of the overpromoted Ms. Kral .
 Simply put this is a big no no for me - I just could n't listen to it for more than 5 minutes before pressing eject on my cd player . Thank god for Carmen Lundy 's new album ` This is Carmen Lundy ' as it 's a great antidote to LOL .
 If Diana Krall was n't a tall , semi-attractive blonde , I doubt there would be any interest in her . She is like many contemporary ` jazz ' performers whose voices and instruments are emotionless and flat . Please do us a favor and stop brutalizing the old standards and trying to moderize them - they are perfect they way they are . No one can match the REAL jazz performers like Ella , Louis Armstrong and Sarah Vaughn . Stop wasting your money on the likes of Diana Krall , and while I 'm at it - Kenny G.Ick . There 's no accounting for taste ...
 For all of you -LRB- myself included -RRB- who really enjoyed Diana Krall 's recordings to date , this is a major disappointment . After the marvelous `` When I Look In Your Eyes , '' I looked forward to this release with great anticipation . However , the terrific ensemble band has been replaced by an orchestra . The playful and improvising singer that Krall was has become a mellow Astrud Gilberto clone . The music accompaniment sounds alike with every song in the CD , with its swelling strings , metronome-like percussions and right on the beat guitar chords . Even Krall 's piano riffs sound polite and tame , as if they are afraid to disturb the steady click-clack rhythm of the drums . The whole CD sounds like Krall was lulled to a nap by the sleepwalking orchestration . This is Krall becoming mainstream , except it is plain boring elevator music . Diana , have n't you learned from John Denver ?!
 With a voice as smooth and inoffensive as white bread soaked in skim milk and a piano style that rarely strays outside the cocktail lounge , Diana Krall has herself locked into a formidable market niche . But you ca n't really mistake this for jazz.She can continue to make albums like this as long as her voice holds out , and with as little effort as she expends on singing , that should be about for the next 40 years or so . She sings everything in the same formless , murky alto , creating the comforting sameness that executives need after a hard day at work firing people and cutting budgets so they can afford their salaries.This is a cruel and evil recording , slick , faceless , manipulative to the Nth degree , perfectly tailored `` jazz '' for people who know nothing about , and in truth probably would hate , real jazz.I have heard far too many people compare Ms. Krall with other great artists , but the one person she most deserves comparison with is Perry Como . But even that facelessly bland crooner pales in comparison with Ms. Krall 's emptiness . She is almost Zen in her absence of personality or style , but Zen is never quite as terrifying . There 's something of the android about her that chills the soul.As a marketing gimmick , as smooth muzak for the `` adult pop '' market , this succeeds , but you have to wonder how evil people have to be to create something like this and pass it off as `` jazz . ''
 Is n't she lovely ? Diana Krall is lovely . Her mellow voice is lovely . She has been nicely merchandised for mass appeal on this CD of standards . Viagra makers should consider partnering their product with this CD . Both products seem to have the same motive . In fact , McDonald 's should consider partnering with this CD for the same reason.If you want soulful singing , and Cry Me a River requires soul as well as style , choose something by Shirley Horn or Patricia Barber . Diana 's version is too whispery . Words drop off like they got stuck somewhere . Diana has an attractive , husky voice . But she is n't really a jazz singer . Compare with Patricia Barber 's version of Let It Rain . Same husky voice , but Patricia 's voice has undeniable soul . Singing jazz is not as easy as it sounds . It requires range , phrasing , emotion , imagination and edge . Meaning the singer , armed only with a good ear and her pipes , gets out there on at least one song and takes a chance . Steps away from the straight structure of the song and musically develops something that , if it works , makes the listener believe it was meant to be sung just like that . You wo n't ever get that edge from Diana because her merchandised style is about safety at all cost . You ca n't be safe AND edgy . You will never hear Diana attempt a standard like How High the Moon because that song requires range and depth . Diana can croon ballads but will never be the type of singer who can do what Karyn Allison does . Or what Ernestine Anderson does . Or what Betty Carter did . All the other singers mentioned here have stepped out on the edge away from the safety circle . They sing without the barrier protection that overmiking , overmixing and overmerchandising provide .
 After seeing Diana Krall on a tv show and marvelling at her pianistic and improvisational abilities , I ordered this Album . Boy , what a mistake ! Her undoubted talents are hardly evident in this collection of `` love '' songs which are almost all given wrist-slitting arrangements . If you enjoy ending up twice as depressed at the end of an album as you were beforehand , then this is for you . Otherwise , find something happier to listen to , like a funeral march .
 Yes , I ca n't help wondering about Diana Krall 's success . To me this sounds too much like the Jazz equivalent of Celine Dion . Soulless and superficial . Then again , all music types seem to be heading towards a similar level of mediocrity are n't they ? I do n't think she 's a very good singer ; to me , she sounds like a poseur - like many others I suppose . I wo n't repeat what 's already been said many times except that these songs have been done better by many others . Seek them out unless you 're only interested in the cover .
 Her vocal phrasing is really uninspired on these clasically-arranged songs . She uses the same husky breathy singing on ALL of the tracks and it all sounds too much like the same song over and over again . Its a shame really , because these are great songs.Really , her vocal phrasing could only interesting if you have n't heard these songs ever before in your life .
 I , like everyone else impatiently awaited the arrival of this new cd . What a letdown . I agree with other reviews that the conviction is not there , the vocals are bland , more pathetic if you ask me and all around it sounds like nothing more than a droll mess of elevator music . Take away her name and vocals and no one within a million miles would touch this sappy mess . For Pete 's sake get rid of that orchestra ! Yikes ! It simply does not work this time , plain and simple . Even the record store where I go people were asking the manager to turn that thing off ! How sad . I own all of her other cd 's and this is by far her worst . Dress her up as a sex kitten and forget about what got her here . Now she 's famous , so the powers that be are running the show , no matter what she says . This cd blows , I 'm sorry I bought it , but for those of you who think Diana is god and can do no wrong , then this sap is for you .
 Let me begin by saying I 'm a huge Diana Krall fan . I saw her performance in Santa Clara two months ago , which has gone down in my book as one of the top evenings of my life . She is an amazing musician . What concerns me are the decisions being made in the studio . These are my observations : The Look Of Love-Karaoke . On most tracks it sounds as though she sang over a series of generic instrumentals . There exists little or no connection -LRB- counterpoint -RRB- between the music and her vocals . An unnatural amount of reverb in used on her voice . On several tracks , one must strain to hear what she is singing . Her fantastic piano playing is distant - almost hesitant . Selection of songs - questionable.Why would n't an artist of this stature stick with the formula of her previous album ? It worked so well . This is not a ground breaking , over the top , edgy effort . These are jazz standards . Stick with what works . Do n't toy with the delicate nature of the craft.I do n't know why I get so wrapped up in these issues with Diana Krall , but i do . I had such high hopes.lackluster -LRB- lklstr -RRB- adj. Lacking brightness , luster , or vitality ; dull .
 It 's interesting to see so many negative reviews from people who describe themselves as Diana Krall fans . Count me as another . This is n't the shock that comes when an artist hits the limit of a particular style and risks alienating audiences by trying something new . Krall is simply backtracking into ooze.She 's been slowly going in this direction since `` Love Scenes . '' I think her previous CD , `` When I Look in Your Eyes , '' struck an almost perfect balance between jazz and her new taste for syrup and is her most accomplished CD , even if it is missing the spark that made `` All For You '' so winning . But the great success of `` When I Look ... '' has apparently shifted her and her producers ' thinking to the point where lushness is seen as the sound that will bring her the most success . It 's too bad . She may become more famous -LRB- though I doubt it , her kind of music was never on the cutting edge of pop culture -RRB- , but I agree with the remark made before about the fate of George Benson and hope it does n't happen to her . `` The Look of Love '' has beautiful melodies and Krall 's voice gets better with each record . But , with one or two exceptions , the orchestrations are astonishingly dull . I 'm reminded of a remark Maria Callas was said to have made after listening to a recording by Renata Tebaldi , one of her main rivals but a distinctly different kind of singer . `` Yes it 's beautiful , but who the hell cares . ''
 I love Diana Krall , but this CD is just not that fun to listen to . It sounds like she is on cold medicine and makes me feel the same way . It is waaaaay too slow . Waaaay too little instrumental usage . But ... I still love Diana and her singing , but please give us a bit more entertainment in a CD . The only time I listen to this one is if I need to go to sleep .
 I love Diana Krall but have to say this was a let down . I 'm sure the other reviewer have already given their comments so I 'll spare you . For those new to Krall or deciding on which album to get , I recommend some of her earlier works . My personal favs are the All for You
 ` Steppin Out ' is by far my favorite Diana Krall album -- the vocals are not quite as polished as in later releases , but the piano work is superb and the song selections are mostly up-tempo . With each successive release she seems to be moving further from the strengths that make ` Steppin Out ' such a success.On ` The Look of Love ' Diana 's vocals are out front -- not a bad thing , of course , but the piano work takes a backseat and appears mostly as single-note-at-a-time filigree . The orchestral arrangements are evocative of bad pop music from the 1960s and 70s . All of the songs would sound better in classic jazz trio format -- with a more prominent piano part , of course.In all , I found this work to be a big disappointment.I am going to one of Diana 's concerts in December and hope to hear more of the early stuff . I 'll take a ` Frim Fram Sauce ' over any of her more recent recordings ...
 Let me begin by saying I 'm a huge Diana Krall fan . I saw her performance in Santa Clara two months ago , which has gone down in my book as one of the top evenings of my life . She is an amazing musician . What concerns me are the decisions being made in the studio . These are my observations : The Look Of Love-Karaoke . On most tracks it sounds as though she sang over a series of generic instrumentals . There exists little or no connection -LRB- counterpoint -RRB- between the music and her vocals . An unnatural amount of reverb in used on her voice . On several tracks , one must strain to hear what she is singing . Her fantastic piano playing is distant - almost hesitant . Selection of songs - questionable.Why would n't an artist of this stature stick with the formula of her previous album ? It worked so well . This is not a ground breaking , over the top , edgy effort . These are jazz standards . Stick with what works . Do n't toy with the delicate nature of the craft.I do n't know why I get so wrapped up in these issues with Diana Krall , but i do . I had such high hopes.lackluster -LRB- lklstr -RRB- adj. Lacking brightness , luster , or vitality ; dull .
 After `` When I Look In Your Eyes '' , expectations for a follow up ran extremeley high . With its sultry bossa nova rythms , cool down-beat jazz sensibilities -LRB- the sort that would fit as easily into a James Bond film as it would fit at Carnegie Hall -RRB- , `` When I Look . . '' stands as a masterpiece of contemporary music.So , when I learned that Diana Krall would be releasing her follow up CD in Singapore -LRB- with an invitation-only party at the famous Raffles Hotel on September 10 , 2001 -RRB- , that only heightened the anticipation . While Singaporeans do not consider themselves `` exotic '' , Singapore is rich with history -- ocean piracy , wars and conquest , commerce and trade , and -LSB- most recently -RSB- information & bio technology , to cite a few highlights . So in terms of melodrama , there was an aura of exotia surrounding this release . The song list on `` Look Of Love '' also promised a lot , and the release party concert performance was excellent -LRB- Singapore 's main TV station was kind enough to broadcast it a month later -RRB- . But the `` Look Of Love '' CD itself is a dud.The jazz is buried under languid over orchestration that makes cool jazz sound like bad classical music . THis is n't `` torch singing '' , it tortured -LRB- or perhaps tortuous -RRB- singing.While many songs start out with 20-30 seconds of strings , it often seems like several minutes . `` S'Wonderful '' and `` Cry Me a River '' start out promising -LRB- no strings -RRB- , but are quickly demolished by the over-orchestration . So , it is with some regret that I have to recommend that fans of jazz skip this CD and wait for future releases . Diana Krall needs to find a producer who understands what makes great jazz , and fire this one -- who thinks jazz needs to be murdered with mushy string overlays in order to make it `` commercial '' . I 'm not sure how much control Diana Krall has over her releases , but the mushy overlays of sweetening tracks is done so badly that I found myself questioning the technical , in addition to the aesthetic , competency of the producers & engineers.THere is reason for optimism here . The song selection is strong , and underneath the layers and layers of sweetening tracks and all the faux-classical mush laid on top , the core jazz band still sounds solid . And then of course , there are Diana Krall 's vocals , good as ever.If this CD is `` the Look of Love '' , then it 's clear Love can be painful .
 This is a purely awful offering from an allegedly talented artist . If you listen to the first track , you 've heard them all . It 's much the same as listening to your blender hum through 10 drinks alternating only from speed 4 to 5 . C'mon , Diana , what were you thinking . This is a tepid offering that is best ignored .
 As an early and enthusiastic supporter of Diana Krall , I had hoped that the look and the voice could remain second fiddle to her sharp and pointed piano style . If only she could remain strong instrumentally , she would n't be mainstreamed into oblivion . Krall 's excellent singing voice and blond good looks have been her downfall though , and no matter how much more comfortable she protests to being on piano , Verve -LRB- the shame of it ! -RRB- has other plans . `` The Look of Love '' is a drone of orchestra and sultry songs , with Krall still trying to sing jazz , leaving legato sections unexpectedly clipped on occasion . This is typifyed on `` I Get Along Without You Very Well '' , where holding the last note in the main phrase is critical . Krall sounds like she has just run in from a long jog to get this one done . Get Carly Simon 's `` Torch '' if you want this sort of evening , and `` All for You '' to hear how Krall sounds at her best . Coupled with the shameless photo layout which exploits Krall 's `` look '' , this one is well over the top . Gone are all the fun songs , all the jazz , and almost all of the piano . As with Armstrong , Cole and so many others , Krall is heading down the path to bankable medocrity . I 'll miss her terribly .
 OK , I took the plunge , bought into the hype , believed what I 'd read and ordered this CD from Amazon . Hey , it does n't hurt that she looks great on the cover either ! Talk about the old addage `` Do n't judge a book by it 's cover '' , do n't judge this record by it 's cover , or the reviews or the previous Grammy nominations . This is such middle of the road , unimaginative , watered down pap I can hardly believe it . Mediocrity really has risen to the top , a la Britney , J-Lo , etc. . A pretty face and a pretty weak musical effort .
 I 'm a Jazz lover who 's always eager to learn more about it . The critically acclaimed previous albums of Diana 's had made me wondering if it is my uneducated ears that 's not finding her music as comparable -LRB- if any -RRB- to the likes of modern greats . For example , Shirley Horn . Well , so I bought all of them so I can get educated . However , after buying this one , I am now realizing that I -LRB- we -RRB- have been taken for a ride , and having more distrust of the reviews from these Jazz `` experts '' from reputable magazines and newspapers .
 This was my second Diana Krall disk . I received the first one as a gift and I loved it . As soon as `` The Look of Love '' came out I purchased it . I like her voice and singing but I was dissapointed in this disk . There are too many very slow numbers on it . There needs to be more of a mix . As much as I like her singing , I found this boring . I 'd have a hard time recommending it based on that .
 I do think that Diana Krall is a talented musician . She has good taste in her musical selections . However , she is NOT a very good singer . Her voice is weak . Her diction is poor , and her phrasing is often sloppy and unimaginative.I would consider the following women great singers
 This is the latest offering from a very tellented singer/pianist . The voice is very good , but the orchestra is an unnecessary addition.the orchestra plays everything very slowly , they perform appaulingly . If they played like this at a classical concert , it would cause a mass walk out.The accompanying marketing photographs are tacky , sexist and unnecessary.Don ' t buy it , instead buy her LOVE SCENES or anything by Carmen McRae .
 Reading all the print hoopla about Diana Krall makes me wonder if I missed something as I listened to her new CD , `` The Look of Love . '' Maybe that sounds harsh , but I 'm sorry to say I do n't see what the big deal is . Sure , these are all great jazz standards , `` torch songs '' I guess they call them , but there is nothing spectacular or terribly original about her renditions . Nor can I say anything spectacular or original about her band . The arrangements are nice , but applied to music , `` nice '' is a lukewarm term at best.This CD is my first exposure to Krall 's music and I 'm quite unimpressed . The girl has absolutely no range in her voice ; is this a trend after too many years of Anita Baker and other singers who are up one scale and down the next ? Krall 's voice is sufficient , but there 's nothing there that would make me tell anyone `` you have GOT to hear this singer ! `` Do n't pay full price for this CD . I wish I had n't . Perhaps she generates more excitement during a live performance , but I 'd say if you 're looking to drop a few dollars on a female jazz vocalist , go for Ella . Or even Annie Lennox , for that matter .
 After the immensely enjoyable `` When I Look in Your Eyes '' CD , I had high hopes and expectations for this highly-anticipated follow-up . Krall owes a lot to her `` When I Look ... '' CD , which converted more fans to jazz and Krall than any of her previous ones . Imagine my surprise when I plopped `` Look of Love '' into my player . Has Diana or her producers been listening to Lawrence Welk ??!! This CD lacks originality , purpose , or inspiration . It seems the record company was trying to cash in on one of their biggest cash cows !! I always thought Krall was one to play a bit too safe , but not THIS safe !! She should also fire her publicist for making her pose in that hooker outfit on the CD cover -- what an atrocious picture !! I 'm sorry to be getting down on Krall , but I 'm sure as a fan , there are others like me who are very disappointed with this CD . What about her piano-playing , they do n't even get one song to show off here -- it 's all muzak strings thru and thru.Please , Diana , next time go back to your roots and come up with something more original -- and please , put SOMETHING over that dress !!
 This type of record has been done so much better by many others.You can hardly hear her voice over the overproduced orchestra . Diana doesnt have a strong enough voice to pull this off . It is a shame that such mediocrity gets hyped up so much these days .
 Diana Krall is one of the few great jazz pianists and vocalists to come along in many years . I have all her albums , and I am a huge fan . This album is , I hope , the last in a downward spiral of marketing agents run amok . Someone decided to take a great jazz musician and transform her into a `` Sex Kitten Accompanied By Strings . '' The modeling photos and the -LRB- muzac-like -RRB- symphony orchestras are an insult to a musician who is at the top of her form in her earlier albums with just her trio or quartet . Please , please Diana , lose the phony image stuff , and get back to the very solid , hard-swinging jazz albums that place you in the ranks of the jazz greats .
 I hate to give this CD such a low rating because I like the music -LRB- not her best but I would have rated it 4 stars -RRB- . Unfortunately , this CD appears to be `` protected '' by one of those new copy protection schemes that adds noise to the CD.On my 3 cd players I could hear a clicking sound every 10-15 seconds . It 's barely audible , but now that I 've heard it I always hear it . More frustrating , however , 3 of 5 computer CDROM drives I tried wo n't even read the disc.I hope that Universal stops this insane practice . It completely destroys my enjoyment of the music .
 WHAT IS GOING ON ? I have been a Diana Krall fan since she was mostly unknown . This CD is alarming . The better she looks on her CD covers , the sadder the contents of the CD . It is sad to see success spoil her music . Is Krall on barbiturates ? Not only does she NOT connect with the lyrics on this CD , one wants to slap her around and yell WAKE UP . This gorgeous talented goddess sounds like she is slipping away from the earthly realm into heroin city in the sky . If the tempo slows down any more she should be declared medically comatose and the listener will be able to sleep through the winter like a hibernating bear . Dull flat and tedious renditions . Without the spark and energy in her earlier works , every song on the CD seems to gruelingly emphasize all the considerable technical flaws of her voice with no redeeming virtues . This CD goes from dull , duller to dullest ! Save your money . Stick to her earlier CDs . If you want real torch singing , stay away and go back to the passionate classic Jazz divas of the forties and fifties . Her `` torch '' is about as bright as a birthday candle here .
 This is an over-produced disaster . The musicianship we want to hear is DK not the London Symphony Orchestra . Not a jazz lick to be heard , just ballads with too many strings . I 'm embarrassed that so much talent was wasted .
 I do n't know what Diana Krall was thinking when she made this CD . Maybe she thought shifting away from jazz would increase her popularity . Well , I do n't think so ... not if this is the result . Its a very boring , uninspiring CD with unremarkable songs . Thankfully , she has started to move back toward jazz with her CD `` The Girl In The Other Room . ''
 This is the first CD by Miss Krall that disappoints me . Her voice is , as always , marvelous but the screeching violins make me sick . As for the cover art , who cares ? I buy CDs for the music not the pictures . She could have a plain white wrapper and if I thought the music was good I 'd buy it ... . O.K. , she 's gorgeous but that does n't make up for the bad orchestra .
 As an owner of a few Diana Krall 's CD , I have to say this CD is truly a waste of her talent . In this , she made it too obvious that she fell into the trap of commercialism and easy money . Where is jazz , passion , emotion , and depth ??? No life in this album . This is one of those tacky labels with a famous name attached . Good for a cocktail/lounge music , at most .
 Diana Krall 's sixth album release represents something of a departure from an established format that has seen the singer / pianist accompanied by bass and guitar with occasional drums and , on 1995 's Only Trust your Heart , some wonderful saxophone courtesy of Stanley Turrentine . The Look of Love creates a much fuller sound with DK and her trio accompanied by a symphony orchestra arranged and conducted by Claus Ogerman.Smooth and stylish though it is , the recording is ultimately far less satisfying than Miss Krall 's previous releases . Only Trust Your Heart , All For You , Love Scenes and When I Look In Your Eyes are four fabulous records built on uncomplicated arrangements and fine interplay between the singer and her musicians . The results are remarkably effective but the players on this record are swamped in lush orchestrations that stifle and detract from their undoubted talents . DK 's singing seems affected and laboured while her piano is heard only fleetingly . One ca n't help but feel that the results would have been so much better had DK recorded the same set of songs with just Christian McBride -LRB- bass -RRB- and Russell Malone -LRB- guitar -RRB- . One last point that only adds to the disappointment is the record 's sound quality that seems distorted in places . This reviewer 's copy has already been returned . Sorry Amazon !
 It 's interesting to see so many negative reviews from people who describe themselves as Diana Krall fans . Count me as another . This is n't the shock that comes when an artist hits the limit of a particular style and risks alienating audiences by trying something new . Krall is simply backtracking into ooze.She 's been slowly going in this direction since `` Love Scenes . '' I think her previous CD , `` When I Look in Your Eyes , '' struck an almost perfect balance between jazz and her new taste for syrup and is her most accomplished CD , even if it is missing the spark that made `` All For You '' so winning . But the great success of `` When I Look ... '' has apparently shifted her and her producers ' thinking to the point where lushness is seen as the sound that will bring her the most success . It 's too bad . She may become more famous -LRB- though I doubt it , her kind of music was never on the cutting edge of pop culture -RRB- , but I agree with the remark made before about the fate of George Benson and hope it does n't happen to her . `` The Look of Love '' has beautiful melodies and Krall 's voice gets better with each record . But , with one or two exceptions , the orchestrations are astonishingly dull . I 'm reminded of a remark Maria Callas was said to have made after listening to a recording by Renata Tebaldi , one of her main rivals but a distinctly different kind of singer . `` Yes it 's beautiful , but who the hell cares . ''
 I was hugely disappointed with this CD . She keeps moving farther and farther away from her jazz roots . I would have never believed that she would start doing Burt Bachrach tunes with schlocky orchestras arrangements . If you had only heard this CD and none of her earlier releases , you would never guess that Miss Krall is an excellent piano player . In fact , you can barely hear any piano at all . I saw her in concert weeks before the release of this CD and she only played one tune from it . I can see why now.The only positive thing I can say about `` The Look of Love '' is that she looks smoking hot in the artwork .
 Diana has some strengths as a fine pianist and a decent singer with loads of originality . Unfortunately , this album does not display any of them . This dumbed-down muzak must have been the idea of a record label and not of the artist . If you listen back to Krall 's original stuff , it bears no resemblance . Come on Diana , go back to making real jazz .
 I heard her in concert a few months ago . She was great . Where have the hard driving piano improvs and innovative swinging vocals gone ? ` The Look of Love ' is very little jazz -LRB- mostly pop -RRB- with maple syrup poured all over it . I hope it did n't ruin my CD player !
 This album defines the word `` clueless '' but it is n't Diana Krall 's problem , unless she 's also producing without influence from those powers-that-be who want to see her reach a broader audience . True Krall fans want her to return to her roots
 Diana Krall is a talented vocalist , but her performance here is flat and uninspired . Even if her interpretation were more interesting , her particular style would not suit the song selection . And last but not least , what exactly is the point of covering signature songs by legendary artists such as Ella Fitzgerald & Billie Holiday ? In my view , it is an insult to the memory of the artists in question , and to the intelligence of aficionados everywhere .
 Diana Krall 's `` When I Look in Your Eyes '' was a great album which should have won the Grammy for Best Album of the Year . But Santana got the sentimental vote that year . -LRB- I digressed . -RRB- This album is boring and dull ... put me right into a stupor . Every cut sounds the same ... sloooowwwwwwwww and lifeless . She sounds like she was on downers when she made the recording . With the exception of the first song ` SWONDERFUL and the title song , everything else is forgettable mush .
 This recording is desperately flat . You ca n't hear any difference in between the different titles.Great for a hotel lobby were you do n't notice the music!Listen to Stacey Kent 's versions and you think of suing Diana for running great songs.I must say the cover looks great in my case logic these legs deserve ***** .
 Simply put this is a big no no for me - I just could n't listen to it for more than 5 minutes before pressing eject on my cd player . Thank god for Carmen Lundy 's new album ` This is Carmen Lundy ' as it 's a great antidote to LOL .
 I really adore Diana Krall but this long awaited new album is unfortunately a huge disapointment.For a start the sound is very mushy and the whole album is just over arranged and produced . I really ca n't classify this as Jazz , just pretty background music.Diana is at her best with her trio and not backed by large orchestras as here she just sounds lost among all the too-lush sounds.Where are the fantastic piano solos from `` All for you '' gone.I hope the next album will be a dedicated ` Christmas ' album and the producer leaves Diana alone to do what she does best ; play and sing .
 I was very pleased to see that Diana was releasing a new CD so I pre-ordered -LRB- very convenient -RRB- . While I know that this was another step forward in her musical career , I was disappointed with the syrupy arrangements and heavy strings . She is an incredibly accomplished musician and songstress and I was looking forward to another well-crafted , intimate jazz album , with tight arrangements , showcasing her voice as well as her excellent piano skills and that of the other fine jazz musicians in her group . I would not have purchased this if I had heard the musical clips on Amazon
 If you 're a major Diana Krall fan , like I am , do n't waste your money on this commercial sellout . Bland orchestral arrangements , zombie-like singing on many of the tracks - this is muzak . A couple of the songs have some personality - it 's like Diana suddenly woke up for a few minutes . Not worth the price of admission .
 If you 're awake , it will put you to sleep . If you 're sleeping , it could kill you . There should be warning labels about using this CD in your car stereo . If you 're a Diana Krall fan , you should probably pass on this one . I thought it was a bad choice of songs . S'boring .
 Sure , the album photography is great , her voice is great , as is her piano skills , but like another reviewer so poignantly noted , this is not jazz ... it 's Lawrence Welk 's greatest hits . Seriously , -LRB- and I hate saying this -RRB- , but if you want to be bored to death , or at least put to sleep , listen to the orchestral arrangements and the soft violins and let this sleeper of an album take you away . I really hate saying this , becuase I have every other one of her albums , and besides a few tracks from her last album , I love just about every song she 's recorded . I 've seen her live twice and in televised performances ... and let 's just say I was expecting some more jazz-oriented tunes with great piano riffs and her super-sultry voice , and what I got was a bunch of sappy violins .
 I admire Diana as a -LRB- n -RRB- -LRB- ex -RRB- Jazz pianist/singer , who was discovered by Ray Brown who wrote the liner note on her excellent debut album `` Stepping Out '' with accomplists John Clayton and Jeff Hamilton . It was an excellent Jazz album with great piano playing and tasteful singing from Diana Krall.Material in The Look of Love is not bad music , but is not what she is capable of . I am not sure what people who liked her original style think , to me this is muzak , passable but so is Kenny G.Besides , after hearing Dusty Springfield 's haunting `` The Look of Love '' , Diana just does not do it for me .
 Diana is a superior jazz pianist , in the classical mold . She also has an engaging and flexible singing voice , and an easily recognizable yet not overly idiosynchratic style , both of which perfectly match her piano technique and stylings . Her `` When I Look in Your Eyes '' works on a personal level as well as anything I 've heard , ever ; there is a lightness , intelligence , competence , and humor to it that just makes you sit back and enjoy.So what is she doing here with that latin beat drum machine ? And 1000 strings recorded someplace where she obviously was n't ? And song stylizings that sounded like they were `` developed '' by a focus group of old Mantovani fans -LRB- no offense -RRB- ? Where was her piano ? Let me re-state that this way
 The booklet to Diana Krall 's best CD ` All for you ' described two Nat King Cole 's - one the jazzman , one the pop singer , and described the King Cole trio as the summit of the two . Similarly , Krall 's tribute to Cole was the best expression of Diana Krall as a jazz pianist and jazz singer.On this new record , Diana the pianist goes AWOL , along with her sidemen , guitarist Russell Malone and her scores of fantastic bass players , notably Christian McBride and Paul Keller . I got into straight ahead jazz through her albums with their marriage of accessible and intimate vocals , which buffered the then foreign jazz improvisations - which I later discovered to be sharp , concise , tight and swinging . Since then I 've discovered many more complex players , but I can always go back to ` All for you ' for the sincere and honest feeling it evokes.This new CD feels like money . Her last CD ` When I look in your eyes ' dabbled with the orchestra , but saved itself with enough sharp small combo tunes to compensate . Here , all the tracks have orchestral backing , and five of them throw in a bossa nova beat for good measure . This results in a depressing sameness about all the tracks . Diana is in a very precarious position here - jazz listeners will deride her for losing her roots , and cynical pop listeners can equally write her off as ` mushy elevator ... ' . Come back Diana , and bring Russell and Christian back with you . Leave the money men at home .
 Disappointing and dull-sameness best describe this album . Her voice is nice , but nothing changes in her delivery or musical arrangements . The artistic merit is extremely low .
 I agree with the first reviewer . She has become more and more commercial and artisitically empty and uncreative . In answer to the question posed as to does her beauty make her less talented ? No , her lack of talent makes her less talented .
 The producers of this album should be ashamed . They have taken a great vocalist and great jazz pianist and buried both under the London Symphony or worse . Suitable for the elevator but not for a jazz/pop collection . What a waste !
 I had heard good things about Laurie Berkner , but I 'm not a fan . To be fair , I do n't like most `` kids ' music '' - one happy exception being The Bottle Let Me Down - but this one just really grated . I 'm sticking with playing Rolling Stones and lying about the lyrics .
 considering the hype . This is too sappy and lightweight for our tastes . Children 's music , good children 's music , should satisfy both child and adult . This CD is too much fluff and her voice just grinds on me . Now , I know it 's about the kids , and my 2 year old doesnt miss this one in the cd player at all . If you want an alternative , try Dan Zanes or They Might Be Giants for more adult friendly children 's music .
 I had never seen Laurie 's show on Noggin , but this CD got such great reviews that I took a chance , which I am now regretting . I was expecting an upbeat fun CD , and I felt like this was too folk-like and too mellow . I 'm hoping my son will like it down the road.If you do n't like folk music , do n't buy this CD .
 Laurie Berkner recently began appearing on Noggin , with 1 song videos . My daughter loves to watch Noggin . She can not wait until Laurie 's next song . I ordered the `` Buzz Buzz cd and it was a disappointment . The cd is very unrefined - quite possibly one of her first cd 's . In fact my daughter gets upset when we play it . It is so different my daughter does n't even recognie it . I wish it was identical to her `` Sound '' as she appears on Noggin . I would DEFINATELY buy all of her cd 's if this were true .
 I bought this CD based on the reviews for my 2 yr . old.Some songs are okay but the lyrics on some of the others do not make much sense . My daughter was scared by the way a few songs turn from a soft tone to a loud shout by the end of the song . -LRB- `` There 's a Little Wheel A-Turnin In My Heart '' and `` Pig on Her Head '' -RRB- . I really did n't like `` I 'm a Mess '' which sounds like a heavy-rock/rap and also scared my daughter . I would recommend instead Karyn Henley 's CDs which I found to be the best out there for the toddler age group -LRB- 3-5 yrs -RRB- . She tells stories between some of the songs which really engages my daughter . The songs are wholesome and innocent .
 This is NOTHING like you hear on Noggin !! There on only 2 `` good '' songs on the whole album . `` pig on her head '' and `` buzz buzz '' and the words and the way she sings them are not even the same as you hear on Noggin ! I was shocked and very disappointed . I would rather try taping the songs from Noggin with a tape recorder and listening to it that way .
 Oh , I know what I 'll do . I will make a kids record with some really popular songs so the parents will buy it . Then the kids will love it because it 's music `` just for them . '' If there was such a thing as packaged music for kids , this would be it .
 This is the kind of recording that gives `` children 's music '' a bad name . The insipid and annoyng songs coupled with Ms. Berkner 's flat , nasal vowels seem designed to irritate the listener . Her supporting cast is simply beyond belief -- did she go out looking for tone-deaf people to sing with her on this album ? ... she certainly found them . It also seems that she recruited her brass players from the local junior high school . The trumpet and trombone players play out-of-tune with extremely unprofessional sounds.To bring children up on bad music is to do them an injustice . There are some GOOD albums out there for children . Please do n't buy this one !
 My 2 year old son loves to dance and listen to music . However , he is not that interested in this CD . Many of the songs are a little slow for his taste . He does enjoy watching Laurie Berkner 's videos , but does n't care for this . Neither do my husband or I ! Take your money and buy a Backyardiagan 's CD instead !!
 First few songs were toe-tappin ' fun , next few songs I still had a smile on my face . By the 10th song I was in need of a martini and a timeout . -LRB- My daughter had long left the room half-way through the CD - smart girl . -RRB- Folk music is great , but these songs all run together - I would have enjoyed it more if Laurie included other artists and/or mixed up her tempo more on this CD .
 Wanted to have his music that had `` You raise me up '' Enjoyed that one only on this CD . This rest of the CD was not impressive to me , but maybe other CD 's of his would be better .
 Why on earth is this guy popular ? He 's young , and he can sing . Big deal , my four year-old has perfect-pitch , can she make an album please ? I find Josh Groban 's voice so annoying , I can barely stand it . He wavers with vibrato on every single note that he holds longer than 2 seconds . I guess it 's good that I am so distracted by it , so I do n't notice the really bad songwriting .
 This cd is very boring . Josh Groban sings opera like music and has no style of his own . If he was a color , he would probably be clear . His voice is no better then most singers . He has no identity except the boring ugly guy with long hair .
 i really have to say that this stuff is terrible . i know it 's a hit , but there 's so much good music in the world and so many people listening to this garbage , it just breaks my heart . i know this review is insulting , but after having to hear this record in my sister 's car , i can not refrain from telling y' all that you 're wasting time and money on this ` fame ' revival syrup . i know , i know , music 's not a contest and folks can listen to whatever they want.but you only live so many years . spend your time listening to something worthwhile . suggestions in no particular order
 My sincere apology to the great Siberian baritone , Dmitri Hvorostovsky and to all the other wonderful singers mentioned in a previous review . My BIG mistake to compare this league of extraordinary gentlemen to Gorban . It is TOO flattering to Groban . He is way out of the league.As for the music fan from the wonderful Texas , if you can not tell the difference between Mr. Hvorostovsky ' voice and Mr. Terfel 's -LRB- I did not ask you to listen to Mr. Terfel , although Mr. Terfel is much much better to listen to than Mr. Gorban -RRB- , you obviously did not listen to them at all . I doubt you have listened to rest of the singers . To you , all opera singers are `` nasal '' . But you got one thing correct
 2/20/05 - The reviewer who compared this wretched screechmonger to Maestro Pavarotti is either completely deaf or mentally unhinged to the point of no return . B. Rall is a man who has his priorities straight . He is obviously a scholar and a gentleman and I applaud him for a scathing review of the one who deceives the masses by his filthy perversion of artistic phonation . DOWN WITH THE MUCICAL BLASPHEMER!Here is the Grade Josh Groban Receives for his effort : Category 1
 this is a really dissapointing album ... the selection of songs are so boring and similar to his first album ... maybe josh might consider songs with faster tempo ...
 Groban 's tripe is just another manifestation of sappy , consumerist bourgeois garbage - a perfect example of the crap the NPR crowd wants to be seen listening to . Give me a break .
 Only in this bland and primitive age could anybody have the gumption to mention opera and Josh Groban in the same breath . This syrupy Italo-pop is truly insufferable . I suppose it 's great for people who want to seem classy and cultured without having any idea what they 're talking about . People who think Andrew Lloyd Webber composes operas . Sarah Brightman fans . Celine Dion fans . Andrea Bocelli fans . Ignorance really must be bliss . Note
 Josh gorban has the most boring voice i ever heard it is so perfect pristene and boring . I would like this sissy to show some emotion when he sings . This guy is popular becasue middle age house wifes and lonely old hags like his boring music . Also this guy is in his early 20s why does he sound like he is 60 . Old ladies there is better music out there but this review would be longer than war and peace if i were to name all of them
 Very simply - no matter how beautiful a voice he has , I want to hear songs that I understand . Why ca n't he do a CD totally in English ?
 I was disappointed in the CD because a lot of the songs were not in English so I could not understand the lyrics
 `` Soothing voice ? '' Is what one member says about Josh Groban . Sorry , but soothing voices come from many other fine music artists . But , I ca n't put this guy , Josh into any list . I like singing , not moaning !
 I love the voice of Josh Groban , but I was unable to listen to this CD using my computer . *** BE ADVISED
 First of all , Josh Groban DOES have a great voice . Seriously , the fella would kill on Broadway in a couple more years . That said , this album is gawd-awful . Overwrought production , cringe-inducing faux-emotional balladry , and pretentious foreign language tracks make this a nearly unlistenable piece of tripe , and positions Groban as the male Celine Dion . My opinion of Groban as an artist -LRB- not a singer , an artist -RRB- was not improved when I happened to see a 5-minute infomercial for `` Closer '' on TV one night ; morbid curiousity dictated that I watch , and I 'm worse off for it . Just like the CD , it was an agglomeration of phoney sentiment , a lot of soft-lensed , wistful stares into the camera or just off stage-right , and in the spot 's most comical moment , a clip in which Groban has grown a `` beard '' that makes him look like Wolverine 's testosterone-challenged younger brother . You wan na hear Josh Groban ? Wait until he plays the Phantom , or Valjean . Do n't buy `` Closer . ''
 `` You raise me up '' is the only song on the album that caught my ear . The rest were flipped through after a few measures . Where are the stirring songs like `` gira con me '' etc ? And `` Broken Vow '' - egad - a beautiful song that Josh turned into a mediocre ballad with little or no emotion . His phrasing is off and I ca n't stand hearing `` letchu '' instead of `` Let You '' ... where was his voice coach on that one ? All in all , a snoozer ... very disappointing for his second studio effort .
 I am really dissapointed with this album ... the first album was much better than this ... there is no doubt that Josh has a god voice but the selection of tracks are so similar to his previous one ... there should be some variations ...
 I loved Josh 's first cd . I have eagerly awaited his second one for 2 years . But this new offering is so bad I am shocked !!!!!! It is monotonic , all the songs sound the same . The whole thing is bombastically overproduced !!! Sounds like he is singing to a Yanni concert . The arrangements are way tooooooo loud and the percussion is outrageously intrusive , making him virtually SCREAM every song . And what is with all these foreign language songs ? They are neither interesting nor worth hearing twice . Josh has such a beautiful voice , but whoever produced this mess has done him a MAJOR disservice . If you loved the first cd , I can not state strongly enough , DO NOT BUY THIS CD !!!!! I hope he changes arrangers , producers , and conductors and lets someone else help him pick the songs for the next cd . I ca n't give up hope that this beautiful voice will be used for a better effort .
 Ok , I agree the guy can sing , but I just do n't get his popularity . This album is just tiring to listen to . The vocals are over the top , as is the music.I want to understand , I really do . Can someone enlighten me ?!
 I have nothing against Josh . He has a good voice , but sadly , this album is no better than his first one . The selection of songs are so similar to his previous album , and its kinda like a repetition . Nothing as changed . Personally , I find this album boring , and prefered his first cd . Sorry Josh .
 Like much of the easy listening music out these days -LRB- Kenny G , Celine Dion , and Norah Jones -RRB- Josh Groban 's music is nice sounding but it lacks musical nutrition . He is the musical equivalent of a Twinkie . . sweet and fluffy , high in calories but low on protein . I normally would n't take the time to express my dismay on matter this , but where I work , I have to listen to the local `` soft rock favorites '' station and if I hear `` You Lift Me Up '' one more time , I may do something foolish like kidnap some thirty something office woman , tie her up and make her listen to `` Earache My Eye '' by Cheech and Chong ... Not really , I just need to vent . . Especially when it kicks into that Gallic Irish vibe ... how cliche ! This music aims for the lowest common denominator with no specific sentiments other than the usual `` I love you and I would be nothing but navel lint without you '' nonsense . Do n't get me wrong ... I love a good love song as much as the other person . . Hell , I am even a bit of a romantic . I love the music of Carol King , Bread , Barry White , The Carpenters as well as contemporary grooves like Kruder and Dorfmeister , Massive Attack , Zero 7 , Air and Crazy Penis -LRB- The UK 's best kept secret -RRB- I think the the thing that bugs me the most about Josh and his ilk is that it 's generic ... generic music , generic lyrics ... Yes the production is nice but its not inspired or innovative . It 's bland , pedestrian and prosiac . Thers no groove , no `` Umpf '' . . This music does n't make me want to fall in love , , it makes me want to listen to punk music and incite anarchy ... and I 'm 40 ! God help us all if Josh ever does a duet with Celine Dion ... I think we were warned about this in the book of Revelations ! Be afraid , very afraid .
 and people actually take this stuff seriously ? This cd -LRB- and music like it -RRB- is about as enjoyable as listening to a tomcat screech and yowl the night away right outside of your window . The comparisons to Caruso are unfair and totally unwarranted ... if you want something that 's like Caruso , BUY CARUSO -LRB- not some Celine Dion wannabe -RRB- !!! Better yet , look into some stuff by placido domingo or pavarotti ... anything 's better than throwing your hard earned bucks down the drain on this mediocre excuse for brilliance . The guy has a decent enough voice -LRB- hence the reason that I gave him 2 stars ... in light of the -50 stars that this album so richly deserves , but I guess the masses want their meaningless , `` heartfelt '' filler a la Celine Dion 's hit from Titanic ... so , if you like crap like Clay Aiken and Cher and Titanic pop-trash ... by all means , blow your brains -LRB- and eardrums -RRB- out with this pathetic sham of an album . Music like this makes me want to hurl , but ... then again ... I prefer ORIGINAL artists who actual push the limits of popular tastes and sensibilities ... not carbon copy swills who rip-off contemporary conventions and play on the sentimentality of a massive audience of morons . Another reviewer said this guy 's `` god-sent '' ??? Puuuuhhhh-leeeaze ... if such is the case , it 's clear that God hates us all and finds it amusing to behold people cowtowing to a musical ant like this like he 's some kind of genius or something . Give me something with a little heart and soul any day of the week ... as opposed to this `` bang-your-head-against-the-wall-to-make-it-stop '' sensation that such bland crap like Josh BOREman inspires . People who like this kind of junk need to have their heads and ears examine ... and hopefully , expose themselves to a bit of decent music before exalting such base * # & @ ! Saying this guy is a great musician -LRB- and likening him to vocal gods like Enrico Caruso -RRB- is like comparing Brittney Spears to Aretha Franklin ... an exercise of futility , if you ask me . The people that like this are just older equivalents to teenyboppers ... avoid at all costs if you really love music and apprecite artists as opposed to hacks like this . Then again , if you enjoy pop music with trite production and cheesy sentimentality ... then , by all means ... knock yourself out . Just do n't listen to it within 15 miles of me , got it ?
 These types of recordings seem to be aimed at an audience I can not relate to.Mr . Grobin has a pleasant enough voice - think an Anglo version of Andrea Bocelli - but I can not get past the music itself.Frequently - and incorrectly - he 's called an opera singer , but I think it fairly obvious , unless he 's hiding something , this is not a voice made for opera . A certain type of musical theatre , or perhaps ballads of another era - or from an era yet to be , would be more suitable for this singer . As it is the material is overproduced , souped up to levels of near maudlin intimacy - but lacking anything `` genuine '' or real.Amazingly , people are flocking to this stuff and praising it to the heights ... I do n't get it . And do n't want to . It smells a little bit like Charlotte Church to me .
 I 've been a Josh Groban fan from the moment I saw him on Ally McBeal a few years ago . His first CD was the most amazing CD I 've heard . I 'm sorry I ca n't say the same for his third CD -LRB- If you want to count Josh Groban in Concert as his second -RRB- ... I waited so long for this CD . . I am so disappointed . Sorry Josh , Please try again .
 you 'd think dude was linked to the American Idol Chain for life with the over the top Production & the way He is presented with His vocals.nothing really stands out for me.His Albums thus far are just kinda there.he has talent but seems way to formula driven for a cat so fresh into there career .
 Josh Groban sings nothing but sappy chick music and his voice is incomprehensibly putrid . Hearing Groban 's sonic stench makes every single hair that I have stand on end . Moreover , his insufferable slop has made me painfully aware of hair in places which I never thought possible ! To make matters worse , David Foster , the production genius who ruined the band Chicago , produced this travesty.Naturally , women love Josh Groban . He has no doubt dethroned Michael Bolton as the world 's leading chick-schlock vocalist.Josh Groban is an active participant in the Great Conspiracy Against Men . Come on , Josh ! Show some mercy and end the slime train ! Please ! I 'm beggin ya !
 This album is pathetic . Why on earth does a young guy like that wan na make opera music . At least he could make cheesy pop . That would be better than this . I do n't understand how any young , American -LRB- i think he 's Amarican -RRB- guy would wan na make this kind of music . How dare he ! This is the worst music I have heard in a long time . I hate it . I hate it . I hate it . I hate it .
 What the world needs now is NOT an opera version of Clay Aiken ! or should I say opera-wannabe version . Do yourself a favor and get the `` Cabaret '' soundtrack of the movie for some REAL MUSICAL TALENT . F - -LRB- - -RRB-
 This is dentist office music . I had the unfortunate experience of having a root canal while listening to this no talent hack .
 I think every mature music listener should avoid buying even listening this album . From this point , I see the music industry is hopeless , When they see a dollar sign and they would just pull out this kind of young , naive , inmature singer into the commerical market . Josh is only 20 something , barely received some instructions in formal music classes in a music school . I listened to his cd once , and I couldnt tolerate and had to turn off my stereo because he has a ` FLAKE MICHAEL CRAWFORD ' VOICE -LRB- JOSH 'S VOICE SOUNDS VERY ANNOYING -RRB- and trying to commerically benefit from a reputable singer like CRAWFORD , TOO SAD . SHOULDNT HE WAIT UNTIL HE GOT A DIPLOMA FROM HIS MUSIC SCHOOL ?? We can also blame the executive producer of this cd , we know what DAVID FOSTER WANTS , WHEN HE SEE A DOLLAR SIGN $ $ $ $ he could put anybody to the show biz , same deal with the CHICAGO -LRB- IT WAS A BIG MESS IN THE 80S ROCK-POP SCENE WHEN FOSTER PRODUCES STUFFS -RRB- . Same deal with Michael Buble -LRB- However , Buble has something because he knows how to sing and reminds me of MEL TORME.THE BOTTOM LINE
 This is not music . This is manufactured tunesmithing . Do n't buy this . If you want mellow , then what ever happened to your 10,000 Maniacs CDs ? Or Mozart ? Even Sarah McLachlan was good , right ? Get thee to a real artist -- this guy should be a sneakers model . What makes you think he knows or can express anything new or thoughtful about the human condition ? If you have come this far , just know there are alternatives ... and hope . There is a way out.Don ' t buy this CD -- you 'll only end up hurting yourself and those you love the most . Bob Marley sounds good , does n't it ? Go pick up a new CD by Bob ! It 'll make you happy . Yup , just turn around and go back to the real music you 've heard . Remember , just because it 's being played everywhere does n't mean that you should buy it . There you go ... calm . Take it easy , that was a close one !
 Celine dion must 've had a sex change . this trite and mushy compilation falsely regarded as virtuosic contains no evidence of virtuosity but yet another version of a common though mildy trained tenor voice with no real originality and perhaps anyone that is not tone deaf can sing as well as josh groban and the only reason vocalists such as him earn acclaim is because they have the need to be in the spotlight . honestly , there is a million of R&B and soul vocalists with more advanced harmonizations and conceptions of melodic structure . But who cares , he has curly hair and can cleanly hold a note for a measure or two .
 I was disgusted when I listened to this cd . It was even more horrible when I saw all the good ratings this cd got . This cd is just some kid singing opera and other boring songs . If you wasnt to listen to good music I recomend you look just about any where else
 I looked forward to Josh Groban 's second album as I absolutelyloved his first . His voice was so powerful , emotional and personal . What I especially enjoyed was the way the music did not overwhelm or substitute for the vocals.This album evocked this comment
 I specifically bought this CD for the song `` Raise Me Up '' and the promised additional exclusive video footage . As a result , I was not disappointed when all the other songs on the CD sucked.I was , however , let down when I found that the so-called `` Enhanced CD '' features were a scam . The only thing you get is a pop-up screen that only allows you to enter your e-mail address to sign up for their mailing list and has two links to the artist 's and record label 's website . There was no exclusive video footage at all.The record label , Reprise / Wea , claims , after you 've already bought the CD , that , `` Oh , by the way , the so-called enhanced features do not work on all computers . '' Well , the truth is that they do not work on older computers and they also do not work on the newer computers that have drives that can read and write both DVD and CD on one sole drive.This CD sucks . Download the tracks you like for .88 cents at WalMart and let the actual Closer CD rot on the retailers ' shelves .
 I am disappointed with this album , but not nearly as disappointed as I am with the vituperative nonsense that has been expressed by previous reviewers on both ends of the spectrum . Let 's review this album on artistic merit rather than relying on cheap attacks like `` crap '' or `` NPR crowd '' . Josh Groban 's voice came to my attention after he sang at the Tanglewood Music Festival in the Berkshires last summer with the Boston Pops Orchestra . It certainly did suit his voice , in that the Pops tend to err on the side of over-emoting
 I have sent an email to the person who sold it and have had NO answer . They put the wrong CD in the case so I did not even get what I bought . I would appreciate it if you somehow would help me get this right . All I want is the right CD
 I met an old friend and he played me Josh Grobans '' You Raise Me Up ' . It sounded lovely and I wanted to get that lovely love song . I could not find the exact album on your Amazon site , so I chose something that might be near . Well , I am very sorry to say that this CD is highly depressing to me ; not uplifting at all ; so in fact a total waste of money.Also , what was confusing , it said that this CD was coming from the U.S.A. . It had a price in dollars , 16 something . I do not know what I have been charged and the ultra confusing link the the U.S. was very strange to me , but I went along with it . If we get a huge bill my husband wo n't be happy ! Please , Amazon , make your site easier . With many thanks , Helen of Troy .
 If you have the first Groban CD , do n't bother getting this one . They are indistinguishable . The man has a beautiful voice , now all he needs is someone who can choose his music .
 This guy has a great voice , but the problem is he has n't got any songs to sing . His first album had just a few English songs and the trend continues on this cd as well . I find myself skipping all of the foreign language songs and only listening ot the English ones . No offence , but I do n't like to listen to words I ca n't translate ! There are only 5 English songs on the album ! Why ca n't he sing an entire album in English and then release the French version separately ? I 'm taking the English songs from the debut album and adding the English songs from this album to make one album that I do n't have to skip through ! My finger is tired !
 The preference for singers is very subjective . But I would like to point out that we have a great pool of talents in our time and please do n't miss them . If you like the baritone voice , please try any cds by Dimtri Hvorostovsky . He simply does not make bad cds . Other great voices you should at least try to listen to for once
 Someone played me this cd in their car . For openers , I was not enthralled with the voice quality . Secondly , the very syrupy , sicky-sweet style throughout the cd is constant and can truly get on one 's nerves after a few minutes . Yes , some of the tracks are written in foreign tongues . However , the music is always annoying , regardless of whether it is in English , French , Italian , Malaysian , or Swahili . I dislike Josh Groban 's music . Perhaps that means I 'm not a sensitive person . Oh , well .
 Mr. Groban is an egregious musical FAILURE . As a longtime listener and sincere fan of all things musical , I can say that this warbling is n't musical . His voice is weak and lacking on so many levels it is rediculous . To the reviewer that had the audacity to compare Mr. Groban to Luciano Pavarotti
 Sure , he 's miles ahead of the devoid Clay Aiken -LSB- who or what is n't ? -RSB- , but I still prefer ` You Raise Me Up ' when it was recorded as ` Wind Beneath My Wings ' and I did n't like it much then either . Bland quasi-classical in the same vein as Charlotte Church , his pro-nun-ci-a-tion more suited for the Broadway stage , stabs ` Hymne a l'Amour ' to stupefaction , misguidedly co-writes a few himself , and gets lost when he decides to get ambient . Groban seems intense in his beliefs , and credit him for not pandering , but , while he seems to love the sound of his own voice , the delivery remains soporific . My grade
 There are two bedrooms in my dorm , and in the bedroom next to mine , one of the two guys that lives there plays this CD constantly . I ca n't STAND it.I am not familiar with this style of music , -LRB- pop/opera/crying ? -RRB- but I do n't know why it exists . The most annoying song on this album is , without a doubt , `` When You Say You Love Me '' . My dormmate sings along with this one , and I would literally go insane if I was n't able to put on some headphones and drown out Mr. Groban with some quality music . Groban 's crooning is simply a conveyance of overindulgence and false emotion.For truly emotional vocals -LRB- along with superb instrumentals -RRB- , listen to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards on The Rolling Stones ' 1972 masterpiece Exile On Main Street . If you demand the `` opera '' style of singing , I would suggest the earlier music of the band Queen . They were never as good as The Rolling Stones used to be , but Freddie Mercury 's vocals are infinitely stronger than those of Josh Groban .
 1 . -RRB- I liked Josh Groban better when ... It was done by Loreena McKennitt or Enya .2 . -RRB- I liked `` You Raise Me Up '' better when ... It was done by Selah . -LRB- It 's too soon after Selah made it a hit for a remake to come out . Josh 's version is exactly the same except with the third verse cut out . -RRB- The only song I can actually recommend is `` Remember When It Rained . '' He has a good voice but the songs are boring and done before . In a few years , he 'll be the Michael Bolton or Kenny G of this decade .
 When Groban first appeared he was new and exciting . Now he has just become boring , and predictable.everything he sings sounds the same . His voice is just to monotone ... to put it directly he is a one trick pony.Yet his concerts are sold out events and his recording sell like crazy.However Josh you have just lost a fan ... You are so boring , your voice is actually depressing .
 I love all kinds of music -LRB- SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS for proof -RRB- This just has been released to annoy . And as another artist for Adult Contemporary radio stations to play to death.He may not sound like Bolton -LRB- no need to clear THIS throat -RRB- but he sings the same , sappy garbage . The previous reviewer who compares `` You Raise Me Up '' to Wind Beneath My Wings is dead on . I didnt realise it until i listened to it again.You Raise Me Up is one of those < sarcasm > sad tearjerker songs . Kind of like I 'm Already There by Lonestar . Makes you want to weep in the cornflakes.Unless you are a panty throwing woman -LRB- or gay -RRB- you would be best to steer away from tripe like this . If you do like it , I recommend titles by Wilson Phillips , Air Supply , Kenny G and Yanni
 This Cd is just anoter typical piece of Josh Groban 's garbage . There is n't any good unique or different about him unless you consider singing lame sappy songs in dead languages a good thing . There is nothing positive that is distinguishing about him . If you want good music you should listen to Measure of a Man by Clay Aiken , or even better his single Solitaire . In Solitaire , Clay sings with more power and color than Josh Groban has , and looking at his `` progress '' so far , ever will . I think listening to this is just a waste of time , and about anyone in the world must have better things to do .
 CRAP , not even good crap . Just a level below Bocelli , but at least he can speak the language he sings in.Anyone with the slightest inclination to hear music would know this for the erstaz rubbish it is . How would anyone know if this guy can sing from the sorry example hereAVOID
 This album includes songs in English , Spanish , Italian and French . No matter the language , the lyrics are gibberish . One line just about caused to me to crash my car ... something about `` love is more than pain and deceit '' . In what bizarro land does love equal deceit?To bad this kid does n't get a better lyricist or sing old standards or something because this material rots .
 Hey everyone , I am very mad at Josh Groban and his new CD . I was looking forward to listening to it when i bought it and when I played it for the first time i realized that this CD is not worth it . He is off key , sings in Italian -LRB- this is America speak English -RRB- and is SOOOO ugly . His hair looks like poop . This compact disk is just so horrible i want to warn people out there that they are going to waste their money .
 This bozo is absolutely horrible . His fans are the kind of people who collect stuffed animals and Troll dolls , and hang posters of unicorns and rainbows on their walls . If I go to Hell , I can only * hope * that Slayer is on the soundtrack ; I fear , however , that I would be forced to spend all of eternity listening to Josh Groban .
 Another one of these guys?Another tenor broadway type guy I do n't mean to sterotype , but come on when are you people going to learn that these kind of easy listening DWOBS and yes I said DWOBS are going to take over the airwaves and then we will be living in Babylon5.Don ' t buy this junk I 've heard it just to show that I can be open minded and now I know that when this trash comes on the radio to close my mind .
 You are n't fooling any one with that voice of yours , Josh . I know poor singing when I hear it . I have this CD , along with all his others and I am telling you to save your money and scrape your hands along a chalk board . It gives the same effect . You want a good vocal artist ? try Barbara Streisand or Rod Stewart or even Cyndi Lauper . Now there is a voice ! I have listened to Josh 's new CD Closer about 25 or 26 times and I ca n't stand it . Oh sure I know all the songs by heart now , but oh what I would n't give to have my mind back .
 Out of 13 tracks there is only one song on the cd I recognized , you raise me up . He needs to come out with a greatest hits cd .
 I can no longer hold my peace amidst this ever increasing Josh Groban hoopla!What is it that has people so taken with this guy?I am by no means an opera puritst or a pop music freak ... I happen to be very well rounded musically , enoying anything from Jazz to Country to Soul to some Hip-Hop to Opera and much more.So its not that I 'm stuck on one type of sound and wo n't accept anything but what I like.I even appraciate music that I do n't personally like ... such as alternative rock and such ... I appreciate it for it 's own unique essence.I simply do n't get this kid nor the outright worship of media and public of him.I 've bought both of his CD 's ... and gave both away.I 've even heard people refer to him as a tenor and in the same breath as Bocelli!Groban is neither a tenor or even close to anything operactic ... or pop-operatic even.Granted he as a nice voice , he 'd do well on Broadway but this pop icon status that 's being bestowed upon him these days is rediculous.Another thing that irritates me is that his fans give him credit for `` his '' songs.Has anyone ever bothered to actually check as to who writes those songs which , by the way , border on the inane and outright boring?It 's NOT their beloved Josh.Which is just as well because if he were to write his own songs they 'd likely be of similar schlock quality.I appreciate talent , but this kid and this CD are simply not THAT great . Good on some level yes ... but come on.Take his version of the immortal `` Caruso '' . I have heard this song perfromed by anyone from Bocelli to Pavarotti to Amante and this is by and far the worst of all versions to date!For one it 's keyed so low that the late Melvin Franklin of the Temptations could have easily sung it and he was one of the greatest BASS singers ever!Yet people rave about this mess like it 's the second coming of the mythical savior.Or take the over played `` You raise me up '' or something like that ... It sounds like a knock off of Vince Gills ' `` Go rest high up on that mountain '' . I gave this Cd 2 stars instead of 1 because he does have a nice voice ... like I said , I appreciate talent even if it 's not my cup of tea.To each his/her own and Josh to his millions and millions of fans ... but not for me . No thank you.Groban stay `` Closer '' indeed ... closer to the furthest point away from me that is .
 This is a trained baritone voice ??? What ? No . This is pop at its worst . This is sub-bocelli . Opera singers prenounce their lyrics correctly and do n't just slob their way through the Italian or THE ENGLISH ! If he tried to sing in an opera with that wimpy , breathy , and poorly trained `` baritone '' -LRB- i say baritone but its more of a tenor with poor range . -RRB- no one would hear him . -LRB- Because in opera the singing is unamplified . -RRB- And his italian is so poor that he would n't be able to keep up with the fast baritone arias.His voice loses pitch when he sings high notes because of his bad english pop sound just like Bocelli . His facial expressions while he `` sings '' are comparable to Mel Gibson 's on the rack in Braveheart . He 'll make a decent broadway star altough I always prefer a nice `` full '' and supported voice.Bottom line ... Its not opera , its bad manufactured pop . You want opera ? Get Lucianio Pavarotti or Placido Domingo . You want real baritones ? Get Sherill Milnes and Bryn Terfel . And if you must get Bocelli.Just please do n't Groban or if you do do n't call it opera .
 Josh Groban is nothing but Andrea Bocelli and Celine Dion rolled into one . He looks like he belongs in a Gap commercial.There is some psychology happening here . Since Mr. Groban has a certain look , people will say that he has an excellent voice and that his singing is heartfelt . If he did n't have `` the look '' , then he 'd be seen for what he is , namely a Bocelli clone with no true creativity or musical talent.Come on , people ! Wise up , huh ?
 A voice with very little substance . I agree with all the others who question why is he so popular . Obviously by all the comments , there is a huge audience for this kind of stuff .
 A big disappointment ! . This album is mostly Italian love songs -LRB- I guess that 's what they are -RRB- and do n't mean anything to this listener . He has a beautiful voice but it 's wasted on this album . There are dozens of beautiful songs that would be even more beautiful if he preformed them instead of these rather abscure tunes . I 'm talking about songs that were on his first album like `` Vincent '' , `` Jesu , joy of mans desiring '' , `` The Prayer '' . I wasted my money on this album !!
 I loved Joshes first album , David Foster did him good.But this album I give 1 star . Because the music just dont clickfor Josh , his voice will be hard to place in the classical sideand the pop side of music . Josh should get Elton John 's song writer to write some music for him . Broken Vow was the best on this recording . Leave Caruso up to Russell Watson .
 The man has a good voice but the recording is awful ! It sounds like he is lost somewhere in the orchrestra . Having listened to many recordings of well known artists I feel that whoever was in charge of this recording should go back to kindergarten and start all over . Anybody want to hear how it should be done I suggest that they buy a Russel Watson album . Now there are real fine recordings .
 So I 'm not the sort of person qualified to review this pile of ... anyways , I 'm getting off track . I only listened to five minutes of this and shut it off in pure embarrasment . I hope no one heard me listening to it , or I 'd have to let them beat me with a rake . As for the CD . It 's a pure exercise in sucking out any true emotion out of music , smearing it with cheez , then overprocessing it 's corpse until it 's just a metallically rendered monument to exactly WHY the music industry will eat itself.There was a reason this music became out of style in the first place . This is n't music . I do n't know what this is . If you make crap smell like roses , it 's still crap . Do yourself a favor , pick up music with some soul in it . You 'll thank yourself later . Cheers .
 I bought `` Closer '' by Josh Groban hoping to hear the songs that are listed on the CD . I do n't know what the problem is , but all this CD will do is allow me to join his fan club . If you do n't want to experience world class frustration you best buy and test this album at your local store .
 Stevie is really a wonder . Along with Marvin Gaye , Curtis Mayfield , Sly , James Brown and possibly Al Green , Stevie brought soul music to another level . From inside his mind , Stevie Wonder conjured images of beauty , pain , loss and so on , in mesmerising arrangements.He must 've been a busy man in 1970s , simply by the amount of classics that he brought out . Fulfillingness ' First Finale possesses a light , uplifting touch , though it 's certainly not candy floss!Heaven Is 10 Zillion Light Years Away is a quality song , as if asking a question of belief . Like when people doubt religion , ` where is your God ? That 's what my friends ask me ' . There 's that instantly recognisable Stevie Wonder sound on Boogie On Reggae Woman . It 's difficult to classify these songs . Another one of these get down and do it songs is You Have n't Done Nothin ' . Yes , I know there 's a political and racial subtext to a lot of his songs.Please Do n't Go must 've been some sort of hit . I 'm sure I 've heard it all round the place . It 's a great , structured , song with a snappy melody.It 's quite easy for me to say that Stevie Wonder sees better than most people I know . Another example of greatness of mind .
 I spent the summer up in Cape Breton and when I saw that this CD had come out at the same time I jumped on the chance to buy it.I was looking for a great sound-track CD to the trip home but I was left high and dry . About less than half of the tracks herehave some real spirit and fire but the rest fall flat and rely too heavily on the stereotypical airy , flowy , spiritually slow , mournful celtic airs . There 's certainly a time and a place for that ... just not on an album called FIRE in the Kitchen showinga spirited kitchen party on the cover . The decent tracks on here are from Leahy , La Bottine Souriant , Ashley MacIsaac -LRB- thoughnot as `` firey '' as he usually is -RRB- Great Big Sea -LRB- before they went mainstream pop -RRB- and Natalie MacMaster . Best just to downloadthose tunes individually unless you 're a big fan of the Celtic Women series on PBS ... then you 'll probably LOVE this .
 Insult to the words `` House Music '' ; Stu Allen would vomit instantly ! The Hippodrome and Hacienda would crumble if they played this cd ! Need I say more ? O.K. . . well , the cd is a compilation of the worst remixes known to man . They were put together by music interns at Columbia Records in a vague attempt at creativity ... like putting a drumset in an Enya `` song '' .
 Do not buy this dvd unless you like interviews ! All the great names that appear do not even sing with Monroe ! Yap , Yap , Yap ! Maybe one song included ! Should not be listed under music ! It 's a documentary !
 Hey quick note . In Sam 's review he speaks of Bill being from Eastern KY. . Not to throw my 2 cents in , but Rosine is in Western KY . Not a biggie , just want the fact straight :--RRB- . Thanks , Slippery jaw from KY
 The songs on this CD are not performed by the original arists .
 Do NOT buy this CD . The songs are n't from the original artists . It would have been nice if somewhere on the cover it said that those songs were karikoki . They did a horrible job finding people to sing like the original artists
 Perhaps I am missing something . This is the most unfunny collection of amateur song writing I have ever forced myself to listen to . I could n't even play it all the way through the first time . It seems to be played before an audience of friends , because who else in the world would would laugh at the puns and so-called jokes ? It is kind of a combination of Lawrence Welk meets the Disney corporation for the over 80 gay crowd !
 Severe Torture is one of the bands that make me lose hope in Death Metal . Their basically a clone of two of the worst Death Metal bands ever , Broken Hope and Chris Barnes era Cannibal Corpse . I 'm not sure how you can possibly listen to this sh*t more than once , but if your a fan of some idiot burping over blastbeats and the same indistinguishable tremlo picking over and over again , this is the album for you.If you actually enjoy Death Metal that still can be classified as music , listen to Vader , Death , Atheist , Decapitated , Cryptopsy , Bolt Thrower , ect .
 This is the absolute worse album . Her voice , the music , the production values , and everthing else about this recording are terrible , except of course the songs themselves . Tom Waits is one of the all time best songwriters in the entire history of music and Holly Cole should be ashamed of herself for mutilating so many of his classics . I ca n't believe so many people on this site have praised this album - they must have never heard any of the originals . Do yourself a favor and buy absolutely any Tom Waits album you can find instead of this .
 I am surprised by the number of excellent reviews for this album . When I was a teenager , I hated the idea of anyone performing a Tom Waits song outside of Tom Waits . I grew to love Springsteen 's Jersey Girl , and a few random covers here and there -LRB- I got older , and more accepting -RRB- . One cover/tribute record which really surprised me was New Coat of Paint . The songs were really fresh -LRB- as the title suggests -RRB- . They 're still Tom Waits 's songs , but given a different -LRB- not better , just different -RRB- dimension . I felt the same way about a handful of the songs on Scarlet Johannson 's record -LRB- it was great hearing David Bowie lending back-up vocals on Hang Down Your Head -RRB- . All that said , as a fan of Waits , as a fan of jazz , as a fan of unique voices , I found this record to be terribly bland . Holly Cole 's voice is irritating - I believe she is going for a sultry sound , something along the lines of Michelle Pfeiffer in The Fabulous Baker Boys ... but it falls flat . I mean the notes - flat . And there 's just no life in the songs . No fun . No surprises.Listen to Crystal Gale on One from the Heart . Listen to Tori Amos 's cover of Time . There 's spirit . There 's soul . There 's something fresh and heartbreaking . As for Holly Cole - this album is just not interesting .
 I have been a huge fan of Tom Waits -LRB- and jazz -RRB- for over 30 years and after hearing `` Little Boy Blue '' on the radio I thought this might be worth a listen . It is definately not ! I gave it 1 star because I do n't think they count 0 stars . We 're in negative star territory here . If this is n't the most insipid , uninspired and worthless interpretaion of a great artist 's work I sure do n't want to hear what is . Putting this soft and syrupy spin on Wait 's gritty , earthy , seamy side of life work is like -LRB- for once decent words fail me -RRB- .
 This album is 100 % Tom Waits songs ; however , you would never know it since you 'd need an excellent pair of glasses to have known . Tom sings the songs so much better . Some might call Cole 's rendition Jazz . How poor , and how boring .
 I have owned Do n't Smoke in Bed for 12 years . When I wore the cassette out I replaced it with a cd . I really love the simplicity and earthiness of Holly Cole 's voice . Because I liked EVERY song on the other album , I bought this without first listening to it ; as a result , I was sadly dissapointed . I would have rated it lower , but there are a couple good songs on it .
 Everything But The Girl 's `` Tempermental '' single includes not only that standout track from their 1999 album TEMPERMENTAL , but also seven remixes.The first track of the single is the original version of `` Tempermental . '' While the opening drum machine beats sound clumsy and amateurish , as soon as Tracy Thorn 's vocals come in the song becomes captivating . The second track is the Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Remix , which brings in better and more ambient drum effects and improved arrangement of the vocals . It also includes some vinyl stretch to facilitate mixing it into a DJ set . `` Tempermental -LRB- Ralphi Rosario remix -RRB- '' is one of the more idiosyncratic remixes on the single , displaying features of pop , ambient , and techno . `` Tempermental -LRB- DJ Spen & Karizma remix -RRB- '' , the fourth track , is a house remix that is n't too interesting , but does have additional production -LRB- including some odd synths -RRB- . Chris Brann , a.k.a. Wamdue Project a.k.a. Ananda Project , has contributed two remixes to this single . The first , `` Tempermental -LRB- Wamdue Project remix -RRB- '' , is nearly unrecognisable at first as a remix of the original , as it features additional instrumentation , including piano and apparently live drumming . In the end this remix is unsatisfying as it seems insubstantial . Chris Brann 's second remix is `` Tempermental -LRB- Ananda Project -RRB- '' . This one is repetitive and is incredibly disappointing compared to other Ananda Project efforts.The seventh track is the Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Reverse Drum Dub . Note that this is NOT the absolutely heavenly remix found on Deep Dish 's RENAISSANCE
 The songs on this CD are not performed by the original arists .
 Do NOT buy this CD . The songs are n't from the original artists . It would have been nice if somewhere on the cover it said that those songs were karikoki . They did a horrible job finding people to sing like the original artists
 As someone who has heard virtually all of Graham 's work over his whole wonderful career , I can tell you that , in my opinion , this is as poor a collection of songs that he has ever released . The only comparable lowpoint is `` Human Soul '' , which is just as bad.I listened to it over and over , hoping it would get better , but it never does . `` Deepcut to Nowhere '' is a fantastic collection , every cut being better than anything on here . But , he 'll be back with some better material next time , if he stays true to form . He even ruins a great song , `` Crawling from the Wreckage '' which tells you how bad this is .
 Sorry , everyone , but that 's what it sounds like . The airplane hanger effect is no doubt a side-effect of recording technology , but the amateur choir of twenty-three voices sound exactly like what it is . The paid participation of conductor Edward Wickham , the founder of the consistently estimable professional ensemble The Clerks Group , is n't enough to make this performance appealing . It 's just a big rumble , timbres and tuning by committee , bass and tenor lines suffocated by the upper voices , lugubrious tempi , monotonously dreary affect . A big disappointment , in short , since I 'd very much like to hear skillful performances of several of these motets by Lassus , Manchicourt , Willaert , and Cipriano de Rore , especially the versions of `` O Socii Durate '' by the latter two superb composers.This choir was first established in 1944 , and reestablished in 1992 . The recording was funded with money from the National Lottery through the Arts Council of England . Well and good . It 's a grand and delightful thing to sing in a halfway decent amateur choir , and I wish this fine bunch of people all the best . But there 's not a chance on Earth that I 'll ever listen to this CD a second time .
 I recently borrowed this CD from my local library . Whereas , Mr. Coltrane is a very talented saxaphone player , the songs -LRB- and I use that term extremely loosely here -RRB- are not very memorable to say the least . I can not understand for the life of me how one of the editorial comments can say that this work is focused . So many of tracks just fly off on wild instrumental breaks that you really wonder the mental state of Mr. Coltrane at the time . Iris and Stellar Regions are probably the most memorable tracks on this release . The keyboard work on these particular tracks nicely compliments some of Coltrane 's saxaphone soloing . However , there are times when the sounds from Mr. Coltrane are so disonant that it sounds like he is murdering the instrument . This is mostly for completists and die hard fans of this man .
 I found this CD to be one of the least impressive ever by the great tenor John Coltrane . This reissue finds him in the studio not long prior to his death . The songs are of a solid standard , however Coltrane 's screaming and screeching at the higher pitches is disruptive and quite simply non-musical . Alice Coltrane on piano however is breath of fresh air , backing the sax work quite brilliantly . The drumming and bass work is also quite advanced . Prehaps I have been a little hard on Coltrane 's performance here judging upon other reviews . However the two stars remain and I issue a sincere warning to the casual jazz listener .
 I would not recomend this album unless you are a completist . It will be a little bit too far `` out there '' for most.Do Not Add To Shopping Cart
 Tracks 1 and 10 are great , the rest of the album is just boring . Betrayal was a much better album .
 Well for starters I 'm a Very big HIM fan , but not just of HIM , but of Gothic rock and Finish music . So I guess it 's hard to say , but this was a let down . Not because of quality of tracks ... but the selection used . Most of these can be found on the Singles collection box set . Which includes the vast majority of these and MANY other great tracks . So if you can drop the extra $ $ $ , go for the box set . The Rock version of Beautiful is worth the price alone .
 I really like this band and was looking forward to hearing this CD of re-mixes , acoustic , or ` aor radio mix ' which is basically `` When Love and Death Embrace '' cut down to half it 's length . But the truth is , at least for me , it just was n't that interesting . DARK LIGHT was probably their biggest selling album to date and I 'm guessing this was a stop-gap between studio albums . It looks like I was right once I listened to it . Ville Valo 's vocals are a little off on some songs -LRB- `` Buried Alive By Love '' -RRB- and most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of the acoustic stuff is , I hate to say this ... . boring . It 's not all bad , this CD has it 's moments -LRB- `` In Joy and Sorrow '' , `` It 's All Tears '' , `` Please Do n't Let It Go '' , among others -RRB- but they are few and far between . I 'm a big fan of HIM but this just was n't that great . I doubt if I 'll even get Vol . 2 whenever it comes out . It just lacked something from their studio albums which I guess I should stick to . Still a great band , but this CD just did n't do it for me , or at least not enough to say ` buy this ! ' .
 Chick is not playing guitar on this weak cd.Its from the early 90s and sounds dated . There isnt much of a blues feel and doesnt have any standout cuts . It lacks the fire and feeling of his excellent 2001 cd From The Heart and Soul .
 I recently borrowed this CD from my local library . Whereas , Mr. Coltrane is a very talented saxaphone player , the songs -LRB- and I use that term extremely loosely here -RRB- are not very memorable to say the least . I can not understand for the life of me how one of the editorial comments can say that this work is focused . So many of tracks just fly off on wild instrumental breaks that you really wonder the mental state of Mr. Coltrane at the time . Iris and Stellar Regions are probably the most memorable tracks on this release . The keyboard work on these particular tracks nicely compliments some of Coltrane 's saxaphone soloing . However , there are times when the sounds from Mr. Coltrane are so disonant that it sounds like he is murdering the instrument . This is mostly for completists and die hard fans of this man .
 I found this CD to be one of the least impressive ever by the great tenor John Coltrane . This reissue finds him in the studio not long prior to his death . The songs are of a solid standard , however Coltrane 's screaming and screeching at the higher pitches is disruptive and quite simply non-musical . Alice Coltrane on piano however is breath of fresh air , backing the sax work quite brilliantly . The drumming and bass work is also quite advanced . Prehaps I have been a little hard on Coltrane 's performance here judging upon other reviews . However the two stars remain and I issue a sincere warning to the casual jazz listener .
 I would not recomend this album unless you are a completist . It will be a little bit too far `` out there '' for most.Do Not Add To Shopping Cart
 I need to know the words in this song so I know what it is like before I buy it . The reason I did rated this CD with one star is because I 've never heard it before .
 well i do n't they take them seriously but allright these two girls are tennagers and need some sort of time to refine there music.this is some kind of mainstream pop music you will se them today but in about five years i do n't think so .
 I love Stevie . I love funky `` Sir Duke '' stevie . This album was so highly billed , but it was a real let down for me . I wanted more funk , and did not find it .
 for being a new record this album has alot of pops and skips.so i thought giving the record a good cleaning would solve most of the skips , well it didnt . i am mobility inpaired impaired so even getting to my mailbox is an ordeal , so getting to to the post office is next to impossible . so i depend alot on the decription of the product by the seller to avoid those situations . there r skips on the first second and a pop on the third track.i stopped listening after the 1st side was done . now i have to purchase the same album sometime in the future . it would be nice if the seller would just send me another copy , but i doubt that such good customer service exists with that organization .
 Watching BET 's Walk Of Fame tribute to Stevie the other day inspired me to write some reviews here.I do n't have the `` perfect '' view of this album that most Stevie fans have . Aside from Living For The City , Higher Ground , and Jesus Children Of America there is n't anything I like on this album.There is just something about Stevie 's languid , rather sappy , elevator-music ballads that I ca n't stand , and this cd has a bunch of them.Having said that , I absolutely love the great stuff on this cd , with Jesus Children Of America being the highlight for me . That alone makes it a disc worth owning , to me . Overall though , I think I am going to look into getting that multi-disc Stevie box-set that came out a few years ago or whenever it was . There just are n't enough Stevie tunes I love per-disc to make buying all his albums worth it to me . I do n't own any of those `` greatest hits '' types of box sets but depending on whats on that multi-disc Stevie set , I may buy it .
 okay both songs sample the gap band 's outstanding just one version 's sounds more up to date while the remix samples ya 'll can do better .
 My gut feeling is that Ashanti spends more time at the Burberry and Louis Vuitton boutiques than in the studio . Her success is credited to aggressive hype , product positioning , and a talented marketing team . The songs have no regard for originality , depth , or innovation , and they 're cleverly packaged for ignorant , ghetto children who gaze at the television watching `` 106 & Park . '' Her singles , like this one , are played to -LSB- much -RSB- on the radio , and they blare out of towering , life-size speakers at these trendy hip hop clubs . She accepts awards named after well-established divas , even though she has n't established herself as an artist and does n't even possess any real stage presence ... People , the madness must stop , and we have the power to control the fate of popular music . Let 's shun product like this , and break away from our comfort zones by recognizing the truly talented artists out there . This single ai n't doin ' it for me at all .
 Although I usually enjoy Ashanti 's music , I 'd have to say her single `` Happy '' holds a spot as one of her worst songs . It has a slow boring beat and airy , echoing vocals . It samples Gap Band 's `` Outstanding '' , but oh well , what do you expect ? Also , this single also includes `` Call '' , her album 's WORST track . Please , for your own good , skip this .
 Not very cool ... I love Yamamoto but . . this one just did n't do it for me . . sorry . . The recording seems to be not its normal class as well ... disappointed .
 Are you kidding me ? Sure they 're great songs , but only when they 're sung by the people who made them famous .
 First off , I am a BIG Harvey Mandel fan and have been for 30 years or so . I like the fact you ca n't label or pigeonhole this guy 's style of music . Like most gifted musicians , he wants to explore new areas and genres . That said , I ca n't listen to this CD . Electronic beats ? Distorted guitar ? Where 's the melody ? This is by far and away the worst CD I have bought this year . Mandel has every right to record anything he wants , but we have the right to not buy it . I 'll listen to my other Mandel Cd 's instead .
 Quite adept , though not innovative as today 's young guitar stars . It 's good for nostalgia and the occasional 60s style costume party .
 when i picked this up i thought it would be a little ambient and urban like some of fat john 's other beats featured on cartoon network , but this really was some sub-par work . it was like he was bored making this album , not much personality , not much depth , not much focus on anything in particular
 This album is supposed to be the first of Wonder 's 70s classics . With nary a melody or groove to sink your teeth into , it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . Do n't drink coffee when you play it . All that pent up caffeine energy will just infuriate you . For a good pick-me-up , get `` Rags to Rufus '' by Rufus/Chaka Khan instead .
 I do n't understand why this CD is getting such great reviews . I listened to the samples on Amazon and liked the first song , Victor Vito , but did n't like any of the other songs . I decided to give the CD a try . The first song is the only good one on the album . Some of the other songs are mediocre at best . If I have to hear `` the cow jumped over the mooooooooooooooooooooooon '' or the toy museum song one more time , I may just have to get rid of the CD . There are other annoying pieces and bad singing on the CD and the songs are dumb . Also , the recording is not good and the words are hard to understand in some of the songs . If you listened to the samples and you 're not sure if you should purchase this CD , I 'd recommend that you do not buy it . Take a look at my other reviews for some recommendations .
 We got this CD after seeing Lori in `` video 's '' between cartoon 's on TV really expecting to love it . We had loved the three or four songs we saw on TV and thought that , even though we did n't know any of the songs on the CD except Victor Vito , we would give it a try . I 'm really pretty sorry that we did.The songs are very random . If you like that kind of thing , sort of a kid 's version of jazz , then this CD is for you . Some of the lyrics are cute but the music is annoyingly random and the singing is too . And it 's not danceable . My kids danced to Victor Vito -LRB- though it too was a different version that the video on TV -RRB- but very few of the other songs had any sort of a beat to allow for dancing.All in all , if you like jazz and think your kids will too , this CD is perfect . If you are looking for upbeat songs that the kids will like and that you can learn to see along with , take my advice and buy something else . This one was quite disappointing .
 Okay , okay . I admit that I get these songs stuck in my head from time to time , but that does n't mean they 're of great quality . My five-year-old loves a few of the selections on this album and absolutely despises the rest.My biggest complaints with this , and Berkner 's other recordings , are quality and intonation . Despite all the hype , Laurie Berkner and her backup troupe have a bit of trouble keeping their vocals in tune . If you want your child to appreciate good music , play selections that put an emphasis on compelling and full arrangements , fun lyrics and great singing . While Laurie Berkner may have some catchy riffs and clever lyrics , her voice is mediocre at best ... and sometimes , downright amateur . Choose They Might Be Giants instead !
 If I could rate this as less than 1 star I would . This music is TERRIBLE . It would sound better if I picked up a guitar and started singing . And let me tell you , I do n't know how to play guitar and I ca n't carry a tune . Absolutely terrible .
 Our family started off with Laurie Berkner 's album , `` Under a Shady Tree '' which is absolutely amazing . I can literally listen to that album all day long and never get sick of it.I was soooo excited to get `` Victor Vito '' after reading reviews , but once I popped it into the CD player in my car , it was `` eh ... '' from the beginning . After having had it for about a month now , I have yet to listen to the whole album . It lacks the polished , finished , complex sound I 've come to expect from the LBB , and while I realize that it was released before `` Under a Shady Tree , '' there was n't THAT much time between albums .
 I purchased the Victor Vito CD for my 17 month old based on its great reviews . What a mistake . We are very disappointed . There are 3 songs that are tolerable and the rest are down right annoying ! Only those few have a beat and can be danced to . My son -LRB- and I -RRB- would rather listen to Raffi anytime . I recently heard of Laurie Berkner from her videos shown on Noggin . Her renditions on TV are much more enthusiastic and entertaining than the CD . I also purchased Whaddaya Think ? I 'm glad I did n't open it yet . It will be returned . My husband compares her songs to `` nails on a chalkboard . '' My advice , invest in Raffi or the Wiggles .
 I have purchased many CD 's for my son and this has to be one of the worst I 've heard . My son does n't enjoy it either and he usually dances to his other CD 's . I based my decision to purchase this CD from the reviews and the only conclusion I could come up with for the 5 star rating and glowing reviews is that Laurie must have had frieds writing reviews . Stick to the classics from Sesame Street and the likes .
 12/04 Update . I stand by my statement despite having an overwhelming number of votes say the review was n't helpful . I believe the proof is in the pudding . You may notice she changed the cover and her nose pierced picture is gone . I do n't believe this is an accident , I think I may have hit a nerve.While the `` catchiness '' of her tunes are undeniable and will certainly become a favorite amoung young and old alike , I have to question the wisdom of appearing on the cover of a childs CD with a nose ring in her nose . I believe her impending fame and potential for influence upon our children holds her to a higher standard . Parents have enough trouble bringing up children today without someone who they -LRB- and in most cases their parents -RRB- look up to wearing something that is so potentially offensive to some . It sends a message to children that it is OK to deface their bodies . I know some if not many would consider this an extreme view , but this is our children we are talking about here . Let the parents decide if they think body piercing is acceptable and teach their children accordingly . It is n't fitting that someone who is in a position to influence children to force the acceptability of piercing on our children . Someone in her position should be sensitive to such issues . Music , sing-a-longability , and quality of the listening experience to youth and adults 5 stars , for the reasons stated above -1 stars ; hence the rating I 've given it a rating of two stars .
 I bought this CD because I fell in love with the Bumblebee Tuna Song after hearing it on NPR . Imagine my diappointment when the rest of the CD turned out to be pretty lame . As far as the ska aspect goes , I 've heard much better - and the lyrics can be downright scary . I 'd recommend against it - get the Tuna song as an MP3 and screw the rest .
 I never recieved my my product . I recieved 1 follow-up response . My account was billed and never refunded . I will not repeat business with them . I was advised to wait and see if the product turned up and nothing more since .
 I have both of Joyce 's first two albums and found Third Wish to be a dissapointment . There is no growth here at all . Her songs like South Of Market and Callie are rich and fresh . She needs to try something different . She might have been better served with her previous company . These big companies seem to always get in the way of a new artist
 This disc falls in the `` what a tragedy '' category . Judy comes across in excellent voice -- alive , fresh , full of engergy , and in complete control of her voice . But the quality of the sound is atrocious . I can not recommend a purchase of this disc .
 The first thoughts that came to mind when listening to this CD was the worst of Malmsteen with a bad Bruce Dickinson soundalike!I also think the somgs and the melodies are a little outdated . But if you have n't heard many shred guitarists -LRB- especially from the eighties -RRB- and are not interested in commercial songs , then this CD will probably appeal to you .
 Not sure what lovely choral singing is loaded for playback in the preview , but it is most definitely not Ms. Parker 's Melodious Accord .
 I love the `` smoky '' piano bar sound of this album . I picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at night
 It 's difficult to review a John Coltrane album without taking it in context with the rest of his catalog . From his earliest studio sessions with his classic quartet -LRB- the same sessions produced Coltrane '' as well -RRB- , `` Ballads '' is a fine album , but it just can not hold up to what would come in the future.Bassist Jimmy Garrison was the last piece in the band , having joined Coltrane in late 1961 after leaving Ornette Coleman 's group whereas pianist McCoy Tyner and drummer Elvin Jones had joined Trane 's band a year before . By the second half of 1962 when these sessions were held , this was a finely tuned unit . The recordings are by and large adventerous hard bop -- all ballad standards , with Trane performing on tenor and soprano . Trane is n't generally though of as a ballad performer , but he could really dig in deep and pull some absolutely jaw dropping performances -LRB- most notably `` Too Young to Go Steady '' and the lush and exciting `` It 's Easy to Remember '' -RRB- , and certainly Tyner and to a lesser extent Jones excel in this mode -- the pianist is totally in his element , framing the leader and settling up his own solos with extraordinary inventiveness and creativity , while Jones on drums gets a rare opportunity to show off his fantastic brush technique.But as nice as this material is , Trane was meant for bigger and better things than exploring standards . It 's pleasant enough , it 's a good listen , but his work would go so much further , even as early the following spring . And certainly comparing this material to the triumphs of 1964 -LRB- `` Crescent '' and `` A Love Supreme '' -RRB- , it feels positively lightweight and unexciting . It 's good material , and if you 've a love for hard bop moreso than exploratory jazz , then by all means , this is for you , but I see this largely as a stepping stone on the way to something bigger .
 Where to start ... Terrible track selection and placement . It almost sounds like and episode of A State of Trance . Now , I like Armin , and I like his A State of Trance radio show , but when I want to listen to Armin , I listen to Armin , when I want to hear Paul van Dyk , I 'd like to be able to listen to his definitive sound . Also , he should realize that he does n't need to up the BPM of his tracks on a cd . Upping the BPM only works when you 're doing a liveset and the audience is dying out . It 's his trademark to up the BPM during his shows , but not on the album.Coupled with the fact that it takes him merely two tracks to go from a completely spooky , ethereal , downtempo track such as Walsh & Courte 's Burn to Purple Haze 's Adrenaline which is a brooding and fierce floorfiller . Then he uses his original version of The Other Side rather than Deep Dish 's remix which does n't have that generic trance melody to it but actually sounds somewhat unique.He mislabels his one track Yellow BlackBOARD - Superfly , not Yellow BlackBIRD . Trust me , I have the vinyl to prove it . He goes from that Andy Moor laced remix of house-ish goodness into another completely basic and uninspiring track called Linking People and then moves right into a banging tech trancer from Marco V. Was he even thinking ? This has to be the most arbitrary string of tracks I have ever seen from a big name dj . Note to PvD , when you 're experimenting and playing around on the decks , you are n't supposed to make that into an album.In the end , there are some good tracks on there , but the flow is terrible , the increased BPM is unnecassary , and it lacks feel .
 This CD ladies & gents is a masterpiece of crap . . Paul Van Dyk manages to pull of a junk CD YET AGAIN . full of bad remixes and horrible songs , the few highlights of this ablum include Purple Haze - Adrenaline , Calmec - Tangerine , Kyau vs. Albert - Falling Anywhere . . that is all , it also includes a crappy remix of Marco v 's ` more than a life away ' , Perasma 's ` swing to harmony ' and Paul van Dyk even managed to rape my favorite song of all time by spinning it way too fast . . this track is Holden & Thompson - Nothing -LRB- '93 Returning Mix -RRB- ... All i all , this album is a waste of money , which could be used to buy one of the following `` infinitly better '' albums
 THIS CD IS NOT TRANCE OR EVEN WHAT I CONSIDER QUALITY MUSIC TO BE , I 'M TRYING TO BE NICE , BUT LET ME SPEAK - THIS CD IS AWFUL UNLESS YOU LIKE SLOW REPETITIOUS MUSIC , PERSONALLY I WOULD RATHER LISTEN TO A MOUSE FART THAN HEAR THIS TRASH , I HAVE OVER FIFTEEN YEARS EXPERIENCE AND MY REVIEW IS THE ONLY ONE YOU NEED TO READ . order armin van burren state of trance 2006 if you want some spectacular music . that cd is an instrant classic .
 The Politics of Dancing -LRB- 1 -RRB- was spectacular ! But it , own it , love it , if you do n't already have it . However , sadly , The Politics of Dancing 2 was a Great , Big Let-down . I ca n't believe Paul van Dyk put his name on it ; of course , the Reflections Cd largely sucked , too . So , I guess that , and TPoD2 , just proves that we 're not going to love everything done by our most favourite dance-trance-DJ artists .
 You think that the passing of four years would have a world-class DJ evolving ? Even a little ? Well , think again . The Politics of Dancing , Vol . 1 was released in 2001 , and this second volume demonstrates no clear progression in Paul Van Dyk as a DJ . He still choses to feature as many short anthem tracks as possible on each disc with the ever present `` bubblegum '' trance overtones . Conjures up images of a time when it was cool to wave glowsticks around at a club or rave.Paul Van Dyk is great spinning live , but the majority of his commercial compilations leave a lot to be desired.Both discs get 2/5 stars .
 Insult to the words `` House Music '' ; Stu Allen would vomit instantly ! The Hippodrome and Hacienda would crumble if they played this cd ! Need I say more ? O.K. . . well , the cd is a compilation of the worst remixes known to man . They were put together by music interns at Columbia Records in a vague attempt at creativity ... like putting a drumset in an Enya `` song '' .
 I spent the summer up in Cape Breton and when I saw that this CD had come out at the same time I jumped on the chance to buy it.I was looking for a great sound-track CD to the trip home but I was left high and dry . About less than half of the tracks herehave some real spirit and fire but the rest fall flat and rely too heavily on the stereotypical airy , flowy , spiritually slow , mournful celtic airs . There 's certainly a time and a place for that ... just not on an album called FIRE in the Kitchen showinga spirited kitchen party on the cover . The decent tracks on here are from Leahy , La Bottine Souriant , Ashley MacIsaac -LRB- thoughnot as `` firey '' as he usually is -RRB- Great Big Sea -LRB- before they went mainstream pop -RRB- and Natalie MacMaster . Best just to downloadthose tunes individually unless you 're a big fan of the Celtic Women series on PBS ... then you 'll probably LOVE this .
 Exchange first damage CD cover and got another damage CD cover . I will have to find another place to buy this CD where the CD cover is not damaged with a 4 inch or 5.5 inch crack on the cover . Both CD 's where not protected when shipped .
 I like the songs from Age of Mythology ... but all the songs -LRB- but 2 -RRB- from the soundtrack are in your Age of Mythology file right now ... infact , there are even more ... I would not reccomend this soundtrack , just burn a cd ...
 This soundtrack is drivel , trash of the worst sort . What were they thinking ... ? This piece of meandering new-age claptrap can not hold a candle to other game soundtracks , not even ` Fable ' . The names of the tracks alone should have been warning enough to me , but I unwisely chose to buy it . It 's headed for resale soon ...
 Everything But The Girl 's `` Tempermental '' single includes not only that standout track from their 1999 album TEMPERMENTAL , but also seven remixes.The first track of the single is the original version of `` Tempermental . '' While the opening drum machine beats sound clumsy and amateurish , as soon as Tracy Thorn 's vocals come in the song becomes captivating . The second track is the Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Remix , which brings in better and more ambient drum effects and improved arrangement of the vocals . It also includes some vinyl stretch to facilitate mixing it into a DJ set . `` Tempermental -LRB- Ralphi Rosario remix -RRB- '' is one of the more idiosyncratic remixes on the single , displaying features of pop , ambient , and techno . `` Tempermental -LRB- DJ Spen & Karizma remix -RRB- '' , the fourth track , is a house remix that is n't too interesting , but does have additional production -LRB- including some odd synths -RRB- . Chris Brann , a.k.a. Wamdue Project a.k.a. Ananda Project , has contributed two remixes to this single . The first , `` Tempermental -LRB- Wamdue Project remix -RRB- '' , is nearly unrecognisable at first as a remix of the original , as it features additional instrumentation , including piano and apparently live drumming . In the end this remix is unsatisfying as it seems insubstantial . Chris Brann 's second remix is `` Tempermental -LRB- Ananda Project -RRB- '' . This one is repetitive and is incredibly disappointing compared to other Ananda Project efforts.The seventh track is the Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Reverse Drum Dub . Note that this is NOT the absolutely heavenly remix found on Deep Dish 's RENAISSANCE
 I 've always been astounded by the reputation of this album . As you can see in these written reviews , as well as Amazon 's -LRB- and many other -RRB- editorial reviews in jazz publications over the last 40 years , it is hyped as perhaps the `` greatest jazz album of all time '' . I truly love John Coltrane , but I do not think this is his best work , much -LRB- much -RRB- less the greatest of anything . I would take the masterpiece that is `` Ballads '' , or the absurdly over-qualified -LRB- I mean that in the best sense -RRB- `` Giant Steps '' , or even `` Crescent '' as candidates for any greatest lists , if you must -LRB- or the terrific albums with Duke or Monk -RRB- . It would be easy for me just to say I do n't get it , except that I do get Coltrane in the main . Why do people go ape-shucks over this album ? Historical precedent ? Zeitgeist ? In a way , it 's kind of encouraging that a relatively free , relatively less accessible work of anybody should receive such laud and approval . I like the theory of that . But I wonder if there are people who would listen to this as their first exposure and say , `` That 's Coltrane ? Wow , I guess I just do n't get it . '' But if you played them any of 50 other Trane albums they 'd say just the opposite . Well , I 'll never know . I write this review simply so others whose first listening experience might be bent towards this album try something else . Listen with your own ears , not those of the reviewers . This guy put out some mighty stuff . For me this ai n't it .
 I listen to a pretty wide variety of music , very little of which is pop -LRB- of which almost none is mainstream pop -RRB- . I can appreciate a wide variety of musical tastes and textures , but John Coltrane 's A Love Supreme leaves me feeling worn out . I 've listened to it probably over 20 times -LRB- stubbornness , I guess -RRB- , and my favorite part is where I turn it off . Why give it two stars instead of one ? Well , I freely admit there are good pieces of music interwoven into the composition , but it makes me feel exhausted trying to exhume them from the mess of saxophone noodling and screeching . It seriously gives me a headache after most listens , and I listen to other plenty of musical pieces known to inflict headaches -LRB- Mars Volta , or for instance -RRB- . I also appreciate musicians like Thelonious Monk , Miles Davis , and Jimi Hendrix , and Steve Vai , all known to noodle around in their own right . Personally , I 've concluded this is considered a jazz classic solely because the man was so far off of the mainstream that the jazz junkies of the day could listen contentedly knowing that no one else would appreciate their `` music '' . If you 're looking for something `` different '' , you might consider this album , but if you want something `` good '' then steer clear .
 As a fan of jazz from the 50 's and 60 's , I keep trying to like this piece . Many of Coltrane 's phrases repeat the same notes over and over . This can be clever once in a while , but over and over , it 's just annoying . The first number is torture if you like melodic music . There 's no connection between the phasing and the rhythm . Again , is this supposed to be clever ? If you subscribe to the idea that `` weird is genious '' , then you may like this CD.There are many sax players from this period who have better tone and phrasing . Coltrane 's tone is like listening to someone sing while holding their nose .
 I was very excited to receive `` A Love Supreme '' . It was shipped fast and the packaging looked good . I immediately opened it up and go to play it but alas the record was snapped in half . Heartbreaking ! Now I have to ship it back because this order from the shipper - NorAm International Partners does n't have a replace item for this product . BOOOOOOO !!!!!
 Coltrane 's A Love Supreme is the most overhyped jazz album in history . It is music ? Maybe . But I find it to be unlistenable , despite several efforts to find something good in it . Coltrane did some good work with Monk and with Miles Davis . His ballads albums are good -LRB- My Favorite Things ; Ballads -RRB- . But most of his later work is disappointing to one who likes classic jazz and hard bop . I ca n't blame an artist for wanting to do something really new and creative . But `` creative '' is not necessarily good . Is my negative view of A Love Supreme a minority view ? Obviously , most of the Amazon reviews are positive . But this is not a random sample of jazz fans . People usually buy what they already know they like . -LRB- Except me -- I was a sucker for the hype and bought it before I heard it . -RRB- And people are more likely to take the time to write reviews of books and CDs that they like than those that they do n't like . But for those of you who have n't bought it yet , be aware that Coltrane 's A Love Supreme is mainly of historical interest . It is not the kind of music that most jazz fans would want to listen to over and over again .
 I bought this CD . I listened to this CD . And then I listened again , and again ... ad nauseum . I get jazz . I love jazz . I `` get '' spiritual jazz . This music is a load of crap . It is boring , goes nowhere , and I fail to see why , when so much brilliantly done spiritual oriented jazz has been created , one would rather kneel at the alter of such mediocrity . That Coltrane may have advanced the modal boundaries of jazz/sax does not a great -LRB- or even good , evidently -RRB- album make . Trance-inducing offerings by Szabo , Tjader , Byrd , Hubbard , Hancock , Hutcherson , Horn and many others actually DO achieve the accolades unrightfully heaped upon this monotonous drone of a squak , so forego the lip service paid this and pursue those players for genuinely moving soul food if you , too , are able to listen to the MUSIC with your ears , instead of the hype .
 Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is the most over-hyped jazz album in history . Is it music ? Maybe . But I find it to be unlistenable , despite several efforts to find something good in it . Coltrane did some good work with Monk and Miles Davis . His ballads albums are good -LRB- `` My Favorite Things ; '' `` Ballads '' -RRB- , and also `` Blue Train . '' But most of his later work is disappointing to one who likes classic jazz and hard bop . Is my negative view of `` A Love Supreme '' a minority view ? Obviously , most of the Amazon reviews are positive . But this is not a random sample of jazz fans . People usually buy what they already know they like . -LRB- Except me -- I was a sucker for the hype and bought it before I heard it . -RRB- And people are more likely to take the time to write reviews of books and CDs that they like than those that they do n't like . But for those who have n't bought it yet , you should be aware that Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme '' is mainly of historical interest . It is not the kind of music that most jazz fans would want to listen to over-and-over . Furthermore , if it were n't for the legend that `` A Love Supreme '' was Coltrane 's offering to God , then I do n't think that many people would be claiming to hear something spiritual in the music , and the album would not sell as much as it does .
 I have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . I find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . I have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . Miles Davis , Dave Brubeck , Kenny Burrell , Grant Green , Cannonball Adderley , Stan Getz , Chet Baker , Wes Montgomery , Bill Evans and Thelonius Monk to name a few . This guy is by far my least favorite . His playing on Miles Davis cd 's I have and with Monk is largely enjoyable and I know he 's a giant . But this stuff ? . The live recording on disc two was so grating I could n't make it through . It sounded to me like a bunch of Geese being slaughtered . Give me the other guys anytime .
 Okay already , I 'm convinced you have chops ! You do n't have to keep trying to impress me ... or each other ... or yourselves ... This album encapsulates the fatal flaw of jazz music , the element that is relegating it to the dustbin of history
 I like this title , but I do not understand why people is so excited about it . I mean , for the sixties it was really a breakthrough , I guess . But now there are many sax players that can play better than Coltrane , they are much polished and straight . I think about Kenny G. , for instance . His rythmic session is much more regular , whereas Coltrane 's session seems sometimes to loose the beat . And also Coltrane is not really precise ... But the title is interesting at least as an historical recording , a first step towards the perfection of todays players .
 What 's with everyone saying this album was Coltrane 's message to God ? Random saxophone noise is random saxophone noise , nothing more than that , so do n't pretend this album is something it is clearly not . The `` songs '' have no verse , chorus or melody ; they 're really just recordings of a bunch of guys goofing around with their instruments . Listening to this album with even an open mind will just leave you shrugging your shoulders and asking '' ... is that it ? '' . Plus , where are the vocals ? Surely that would make the album more enjoyable . For jazz that is enjoyable to a larger , more intelligent audience , check out Michael Buble , Diana Krall , Norah Jones or Kenny G , and ignore the senseless noodlings of Coltrane , Monk , Mingus and Coleman .
 I love punk music , and I purchased `` The Shape Of Punk To Come '' based on Amazon 's assessment of it as the best punk CD of 1998 , and because based on the title I was hoping to hear something fresh . Unfortunately , I discovered a dressed-up but basically conventional scream - shouted punk CD that bordered on the monotonous . Certain stylistic elements of this music remind me of the Rollins Band , Fugazi , Sonic Youth , and Metallica , and it carries an attitude of anti-capitalist self-importance similar to the Clash . But this music is not very good . In fact , most of the time `` The Shape Of Punk To Come '' makes the idea of violent revolution seem too tedious to bother with . Although there are some interesting filler bits sprinkled in between the tracks , most of the songs sound similar and derivative . I might have given this CD as many as three stars anyway , if it were n't for its violation of the cardinal rule of mediocre punk rock , which is to keep the songs short . Many of these songs are LONG , some over six minutes . While this is fine if a band has the compositional talent to back it up , there is far too little musical inspiration and intelligence on this CD to sustain punk tracks of this length . Refused is proudly pro-violent-revolution . `` This manifesto is very much for real , '' they boast , apparently just in case some listeners perceive their stance as a put-on . Although this statement of determination sounds rather lame compared to Johnny Rotten 's `` We MEAN it , maaaaan ! '' I might actually have rated this CD a little higher if it made ideological sense . -LRB- After all , I loved the Clash , and they were leftists too . -RRB- Refused apparently ca n't decide which ideology they 're railing against . When they write , `` The Apollo Programme was a hoax or so we say . The biggest lie was market economy that blinded us with the glory of prosperity and freedom , '' it does n't seem to occur to them that the Apollo Program was the product of big government , not a market economy . -LRB- Exactly why they think it was so bad to land on the moon , they do n't say . -RRB- In summary , is there anything exceptional about this CD ? No . The quality of this punk rock is average in its very best moments , and the lyrics are as juvenile as they are pretentious . `` We could be dangerous - art as a real threat , '' they sing . Sorry , not this art . Is there anything redeeming about this CD ? Well , musically , I 've listened to worse punk . A few songs are moderately enjoyable -LRB- if only they were n't so long -RRB- , but any one of Fugazi 's releases -LRB- including this year 's `` End Hits '' -RRB- are a hundred times better than this . Is `` The Shape Of Punk To Come '' the shape of punk to come ? I hope not , because if it is , I 'm going to have to find a different favorite rock genre .
 I enjoy some of the early hardcore bands from the 80s - Black Flag , Minor Threat , Rites of Spring , and so forth - and have for a while , but I 'm not especially familiar with later forms of hardcore . After seeing a number of extremely positive reviews for this album , I figured it was time to change that . Unfortunately , I bought this CD without hearing it first , and realizing how far it is from what I hoped it would be . The hardcore I know is all about raw emotion , and the glossy metal-like guitars and screamed vocals do n't manage to carry it in quite the same way . This may just be me , but I ca n't manage to establish an emotional connection to a singer who does n't sound like a human being . The screaming that features in nearly every song here goes straight past the limit of relatable emotion into the absurd.That 's not to say that the emotion is n't there - it 's clear from the start that this record 's element is anger , and specifically , anger about capitalism . I do n't doubt that this emotion is genuine , but I ca n't find any reason to sympatize with it . The music does n't encourage me , as I said , and while the band 's revolutionary politics may have appealed to me when I was 17 , they do n't seem so enticing to my more jaded brain , especially given the band 's excessive sincerity . Down with capitalism . We know , we know . At least the Minutemen had a sense of humor about their politics.But perhaps I 'm missing something . I probably am , but I 'm not very inclined to listen to this album any more . If you dig the politics , then this album may be worth a look . If you 're a fan of the 90s incarnation of hardcore , then by all means , check this album out . Perhaps it will be your Zen Arcade . -LRB- Which , if you do n't remember , was a big deal back in '84 because it brought acoustic songs and varied instruments into hardcore - how quickly they forget . -RRB- But before you buy , make sure you know what you 're getting yourself into . This album 's appeal is not as self-evident as many of the other reviews here would have you think .
 The shape of punk to come?I hope to hell not!First off , more heavy metal headbanging tunes than anything else.More Metalica than The Clash.If you liked Killdozer , this might be for you.Old has become new again , get some Dead Kennedys , Germs , Bad Brains , Fear , Sex Pistols , Richard Hell , Black Flag , OpIvy , Descendants , Subhumans , Exploited , Stooges , Ramones , even The Vandals , before you even think about getting this . Then think again !
 i dont quite get the hype around this album ... admittedley i only listened to it a few times , but i keep hearing about it . . Im probably giving it 1 star to even out all the other reviews , but yeah , i found it pretty dull really.Maybe thats just `` punk '' in general these days , the politixxx all seem overly simplistic or general paradigmatically reactionary/oppositional ... but damn , the music is just too formulaic , but i guess each to their own style ... though early punk just seemed so much more diverse ... and funny ... maybe this album is diverse in regards to punk with production and genre influences , but compared to other diverging genres ... i think the dogmatizing and stylistic consolidation of punk has been its undoing . . i should listen to this again , but as far as being the best album of the year/decade or whatever , you guys need to listen to more music ...
 2 1/2 A few standout moments do not justify all the artistic praise in what is essentially consciously experimental , hardcore punk-politics .
 the refused record `` the shape of punk to come '' is , the long made short , a clever conglomeration of what has come before . from the cover art , to the sound , to the manifesto-style lyrics , this , which was given amazon.com 's best of 98 , is a step by step exercise in eclecticism . the title harkens back to not only ornette coleman 's `` the shape of jazz to come '' , but also the revival of that title by the nation of ulysses . similarities to the nation of ulysses do not end there
 Le Groove Eclectique , `` mixed '' by the Director of Music at the Au Bar in New York City , seemed like a wonderful CD to buy . It seemed like a nice CD that would leave me relaxed and possibly impressed by the mixing abilities . None of the above happened when i heard this CD . i was expecting a mix , when what i got was songs that overlapped each other , with no effort to match beats or sounds at all . Not only that , but there was a situation where the beats of the two different songs created a kind of mass confusion due to very poor mixing.I was expecting something much different -LRB- as the description told me it was MIXED -RRB- . The songs were not terrible , do n't get me wrong , but the absolute lack of effort in making this a smooth CD was enough for me to toss it .
 This was an impulse buy , I bought both CD 's , tried to appreciate them but they are just horrible . Very cheezy selection , badly mixed -LRB- if mixed at all -RRB- and I just wish I spend my money on something different -LRB- yes , even a best of the 80 's collection would have been a better purchase -RRB- Seems these guys are trying to make a quick buck on the lounge/world music wave , which is fine , but please ... not with this compilation.You might like this if you are really into Arabian/Middle eastern music , Kolor is a nice track and that 's about it !
 The musical content on this recording is smokin ' throughout . However , the sound quality on the majority of it is lousy . The cd is taken from two different Boston gigs in ' 69 . On the first five tracks the music is distorted and the vocals sound especially muffled . The quality improves considerably for the second part with great versions of all four songs , but unfortunately these only comprise fourteen minutes of an already-too-short forty minute recording . If the quality were better , obviously I 'd rate this much higher , but you really have to be a die-hard fan to enjoy the first two thirds , given the distortion . Que lastima !
 John Coltrane is overwhelmed by the dated , drippy ballads on this album . In the 60 's , every jazz musician had to do a ballad album just the same as everyone did a bossanova album . The music audience who had either given up jazz for rock or could not deal with jazz that was more cerebral were putting pressure on declining jazz sales . John Coltrane watered down his sound for a few ballad albums and then went right back to his real `` sheets of sound '' force of nature . Even `` My Favorite Things '' was transformed into a transcental experience . This album though clearly sounds forced . If you dislike Coltrane because you do n't find him accessible , you might enjoy this album . However , you are missing out on the real deal .
 Hmmm , i bought this , and i 'll take a few tracks from this for mixtapes , but the album as a whole flops . Other reviewers said his other album is better , I dont know , I havent heard it.Lights , labial , and lysine are good tracks , the other stuff aims high and misses.Lights reminds me of quasimodolabial reminds me of tipsyand lysine reminds me of they might be giantsSo its pretty wild on the influences , and the sound is full of variety , but the other tracks are let downs . They try but do n't have the fun and cohesive sound of these tracks . I like the videogame sounds , but the album does n't use them on more than 2 or 3 tracks .
 i really liked his last effort , mostly cause of its naive charm . it sounded like he was trying to make a serious album , only he had the worst materials to put it together with , whereas on this one its the other way round . he ups the production on it considerably , but now its the songwriting thats cheap and tacky.i dont mean to be harsh , but hes trying really hard to sound all quaint and charming , and theres only maybe three places on the album where it comes off . MBGATE , as mentioned in the other reviews , is one of them cause it sounds like hes trying to make a semi-straight dance track . the rest of the album sounds just way too wink-wink nudge-nudge ironic in its amateurness.compare Cake off the first one to anything off this , and you 'll get an idea . instead of a complex collection of songs made with bad source sounds -LRB- which works on the first one -RRB- , this one turns out like an IDM version of mr scruff . thats not a good thing.im sorry , but it gets old quickly .
 First few songs were toe-tappin ' fun , next few songs I still had a smile on my face . By the 10th song I was in need of a martini and a timeout . -LRB- My daughter had long left the room half-way through the CD - smart girl . -RRB- Folk music is great , but these songs all run together - I would have enjoyed it more if Laurie included other artists and/or mixed up her tempo more on this CD .
 My 2 year old son loves to dance and listen to music . However , he is not that interested in this CD . Many of the songs are a little slow for his taste . He does enjoy watching Laurie Berkner 's videos , but does n't care for this . Neither do my husband or I ! Take your money and buy a Backyardiagan 's CD instead !!
 I had heard good things about Laurie Berkner , but I 'm not a fan . To be fair , I do n't like most `` kids ' music '' - one happy exception being The Bottle Let Me Down - but this one just really grated . I 'm sticking with playing Rolling Stones and lying about the lyrics .
 considering the hype . This is too sappy and lightweight for our tastes . Children 's music , good children 's music , should satisfy both child and adult . This CD is too much fluff and her voice just grinds on me . Now , I know it 's about the kids , and my 2 year old doesnt miss this one in the cd player at all . If you want an alternative , try Dan Zanes or They Might Be Giants for more adult friendly children 's music .
 I had never seen Laurie 's show on Noggin , but this CD got such great reviews that I took a chance , which I am now regretting . I was expecting an upbeat fun CD , and I felt like this was too folk-like and too mellow . I 'm hoping my son will like it down the road.If you do n't like folk music , do n't buy this CD .
 Laurie Berkner recently began appearing on Noggin , with 1 song videos . My daughter loves to watch Noggin . She can not wait until Laurie 's next song . I ordered the `` Buzz Buzz cd and it was a disappointment . The cd is very unrefined - quite possibly one of her first cd 's . In fact my daughter gets upset when we play it . It is so different my daughter does n't even recognie it . I wish it was identical to her `` Sound '' as she appears on Noggin . I would DEFINATELY buy all of her cd 's if this were true .
 I bought this CD based on the reviews for my 2 yr . old.Some songs are okay but the lyrics on some of the others do not make much sense . My daughter was scared by the way a few songs turn from a soft tone to a loud shout by the end of the song . -LRB- `` There 's a Little Wheel A-Turnin In My Heart '' and `` Pig on Her Head '' -RRB- . I really did n't like `` I 'm a Mess '' which sounds like a heavy-rock/rap and also scared my daughter . I would recommend instead Karyn Henley 's CDs which I found to be the best out there for the toddler age group -LRB- 3-5 yrs -RRB- . She tells stories between some of the songs which really engages my daughter . The songs are wholesome and innocent .
 This is NOTHING like you hear on Noggin !! There on only 2 `` good '' songs on the whole album . `` pig on her head '' and `` buzz buzz '' and the words and the way she sings them are not even the same as you hear on Noggin ! I was shocked and very disappointed . I would rather try taping the songs from Noggin with a tape recorder and listening to it that way .
 Oh , I know what I 'll do . I will make a kids record with some really popular songs so the parents will buy it . Then the kids will love it because it 's music `` just for them . '' If there was such a thing as packaged music for kids , this would be it .
 This is the kind of recording that gives `` children 's music '' a bad name . The insipid and annoyng songs coupled with Ms. Berkner 's flat , nasal vowels seem designed to irritate the listener . Her supporting cast is simply beyond belief -- did she go out looking for tone-deaf people to sing with her on this album ? ... she certainly found them . It also seems that she recruited her brass players from the local junior high school . The trumpet and trombone players play out-of-tune with extremely unprofessional sounds.To bring children up on bad music is to do them an injustice . There are some GOOD albums out there for children . Please do n't buy this one !
 The strength of this CD is its purity - there are no other instruments used on this recording . Only the sounds of Singing Bowls . However , as much as Thea Surasu allows the vibration of the Singing Bowls to stretch out to a complete fade away , there are large gaps of silence between bowl sounds . These gaps often exceed about 30 seconds or longer , and they are frequent - Just when I get to the point that I am used to the singing bowl vibrations , they stop . Just when I get used to the silence , it stops . The back-and-forth keeps me from being able to meditate with these sounds.The vibrations of the bowls is stretched out to such an extent that only about 10 % of the sound comes through the 6-speaker audio in my car ! Thus , do n't expect much from this CD unless you have a good-quality stereo.So , it 's no good in the car , and does n't work for me in mediation . ... Frankly , I expected more from Steven Halpern !
 Are you kidding me ? Sure they 're great songs , but only when they 're sung by the people who made them famous .
 The disc skips and is poor quality . I would be careful if you plan to buy . There are only a couple of really good cuts .
 Everything But The Girl 's `` Tempermental '' single includes not only that standout track from their 1999 album TEMPERMENTAL , but also seven remixes.The first track of the single is the original version of `` Tempermental . '' While the opening drum machine beats sound clumsy and amateurish , as soon as Tracy Thorn 's vocals come in the song becomes captivating . The second track is the Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Remix , which brings in better and more ambient drum effects and improved arrangement of the vocals . It also includes some vinyl stretch to facilitate mixing it into a DJ set . `` Tempermental -LRB- Ralphi Rosario remix -RRB- '' is one of the more idiosyncratic remixes on the single , displaying features of pop , ambient , and techno . `` Tempermental -LRB- DJ Spen & Karizma remix -RRB- '' , the fourth track , is a house remix that is n't too interesting , but does have additional production -LRB- including some odd synths -RRB- . Chris Brann , a.k.a. Wamdue Project a.k.a. Ananda Project , has contributed two remixes to this single . The first , `` Tempermental -LRB- Wamdue Project remix -RRB- '' , is nearly unrecognisable at first as a remix of the original , as it features additional instrumentation , including piano and apparently live drumming . In the end this remix is unsatisfying as it seems insubstantial . Chris Brann 's second remix is `` Tempermental -LRB- Ananda Project -RRB- '' . This one is repetitive and is incredibly disappointing compared to other Ananda Project efforts.The seventh track is the Hex Hector/Mac Quayle Reverse Drum Dub . Note that this is NOT the absolutely heavenly remix found on Deep Dish 's RENAISSANCE
 This album is supposed to be the first of Wonder 's 70s classics . With nary a melody or groove to sink your teeth into , it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . Do n't drink coffee when you play it . All that pent up caffeine energy will just infuriate you . For a good pick-me-up , get `` Rags to Rufus '' by Rufus/Chaka Khan instead .
 This album is supposed to be the first of Wonder 's 70s classics . With nary a melody or groove to sink your teeth into , it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . Do n't drink coffee when you play it . All that pent up caffeine energy will just infuriate you . For a good pick-me-up , get `` Rags to Rufus '' by Rufus/Chaka Khan instead .
 Do not let this rating fool you . I love death metal . My favorite is melodic death , but I do listen to traditional and occasionally listen to brutal death metal . I thoroughly enjoy bands like Suffocation and Decrepit Birth . What they lack in melody they make up for their sheer talent . And bands like Kronos combine intensity with intelligent guitar melodies and harmonies a la melodeath.However , there are certainly exceptions to every rule.Meet Devourment , one of the worst death metal bands to ever exist . Fans that have praised them point out their alleged innovation to extreme metal . In all actuality , they merely took the savage breakdowns Suffocation played , watered them down into full songs , occasionally juxtapose with fast death-grind inspired riffs , and lower the vocals even lower than most other death metal . What we have here is $ lamming brutal death metal -LRB- I refuse to spell it with a proper `` S '' -RRB- . With their bouncy hip-hop sounding beats , it 's no wonder most fans of extreme metal accuse this band and their thousands of followers of wiggerdom.As for the songs themselves , they 're absolutely boring and monotonous . Every single song sounds EXACTLY the same . The song format follows as intro riff-blast-breakdown-breakdown-blast-breakdown-outro riff/breakdown . The same breakdowns , the same riffs , the same pig-squealed vocals and uber low growls , combined with non-existent bass . It would be possible to suspend disbelief and consider fun by listening to a few minutes of a `` song , '' but if every single sound is exactly the same , it gets BOOOOOOOOOOOOOORIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING.Even further , this album is single-handedly responsible for the recent popularity of $ lam in the underground . Countries everywhere are sprouting `` br00tal '' bands that sound exactly the same . If you 've heard 1 minute of this band , you 've heard every single $ lam band in existence.To finish up this review , all fans of metal should give this album a skip . If you want brutal death metal , listen to Suffocation , Kronos , Aeon , or Decrepit Birth . Or better yet , listen to MUCH better bands like Scar Symmetry , Into Eternity , Mercenary , old In Flames , Chaos Divine , Thine Eyes Bleed , etc. etc. etc. .
 In every cd store I go in , I ca n't find any three sounds albums . if i really wanted to hear them , i could order a disk or two on line , but i just want to hear how they sound . are they straight ahead , or are they a chamber group ?
 I am a huge fan of McCoy Tyner and adore almost everything he 's done . This disc , however , was a disappointment . Too much instrumentation has led to a sappy sound .
 I have been listening to and am a major fan of Bob Dylan since I first saw him appear with Joan Baez at a Forest Hills concert in 1963 . I have stuck with him through all of the most `` musically trying '' times and the `` not so great '' albums of the past . Aftefr all , he is an artist beyond compare in the last and present century.After listening to all of the wonderful reviews , I owed it to the artist to listen to this CD again and again in order to hear what I was missing . Unfortunately , I discovered that I was missing nothing . I really and truly ca n't find anything that turns me on musically beyond the song `` Mississipi '' which , not surprisingly , came from the incredible `` Time Out of Mind '' sessions . Hence the one star !!! His voice is not only gravelly , which is fine , but recorded so far in the background that it sounds like he is singing into a megaphone.Bob Dylan has never failed to dissapoint me . Every album he has recorded has had some musical interest for me , until now . Dont waste your money ... this sucks big time . Sorry Bob !!!
 As a long time fan of Bob Dylan , and as one who has dutifully bought every album that he has ever produced , I have to repectfully disagree with all the reviews which I have read . With one exception , I find the songs on Love and Theft to be almost unlistenable . As I look back on the last couple of decades of Dylan albums , I find an interesting trend
 I was disappointed with the new CD . It sounds like someone oraganized the recording , the songs and music and Bob Dylan just showed up . I LOVE Bob Dylan , but this was not the Bob I know . I miss the composer/musician/Philosopher Bob . This CD had early Jazz sounding remakes and bigband overtones that is turning him into a David Lee Roth showman . If this is the real Bob Dylan , he has really grown up .
 I thought time out of mind was the best album in 10 years.I have tried to listen to this several times and I think it is terrible
 I have been listening to and am a major fan of Bob Dylan since I first saw him appear with Joan Baez at a Forest Hills concert in 1963 . I have stuck with him through all of the most `` musically trying '' times and the `` not so great '' albums of the past . Aftefr all , he is an artist beyond compare in the last and present century.After listening to all of the wonderful reviews , I owed it to the artist to listen to this CD again and again in order to hear what I was missing . Unfortunately , I discovered that I was missing nothing . I really and truly ca n't find anything that turns me on musically beyond the song `` Mississipi '' which , not surprisingly , came from the incredible `` Time Out of Mind '' sessions . Hence the one star !!! His voice is not only gravelly , which is fine , but recorded so far in the background that it sounds like he is singing into a megaphone.Bob Dylan has never failed to dissapoint me . Every album he has recorded has had some musical interest for me , until now . Dont waste your money ... Sorry Bob !!!
 Bob Dylan was a watershed . Before him , the great songwriters like Cole Porter and the Gershwins actually wrote things that made sense , and this continued even into the early sixties . But when Dylan proved to all the rock and rollers that you could write meaningless drivel and `` sing '' it in an ugly croak and impress rock critics -LRB- who are not geniuses -RRB- without even trying , pop music deteriorated beyond repair . Soon we had punk , and now we have guys talking into a microphone while a drum machine plays -LRB- `` rap '' -- it 's not music -RRB- . Thanks , Bob . You 're the guy most responsible for ruining popular music .
 I have been listening to Dylan since 1965 . He has been a big part of my life . I am not a casual listener . I hate this record . It 's worse than Time Out of Mind . Bob should give it up while he still has some sense of respect for his listeners . If he was unknown , no one would pay a dollar to see him live or buy his recent recordings . He is a living legend and he should retire as soon as possible . What passes for singing is just a bit of a joke , really . Before long you wo n't be able to tell him from Tom Waits ... and I never thought things would get THAT bad.Bob , leave us with our memories of your greatness and stop parading your decline for all to see . Only the most toadying and undiscrimibating of sycophants -LRB- or the deaf -RRB- could call this `` singing '' .
 I must admit that I 'm not a big fan of Bob Dylan . Those of you who are , have already bought this album -LRB- and there 's no need for all of you to tell me that this review was n't helpful -RRB- I 'm writing this one primary for those non die hard fans out there who wants top know if this album really is so good as many claim ... I own a couple of Dylan albums -LRB- `` Blood on the tracks '' , `` Desire '' , `` Train a coming '' + a compilation -RRB- and I must say that although I really gave this one a chance I can barely stand it . The only song in my opinion that is fairly good is `` Mississippi '' . The music is n't exciting or unique in any way and the vocals still sounds like a man so drunk he can barely talk ... What if the name on the sleeve was n't Bob Dylan but say John Smith ? Think about it ... would you still praise this one ?
 We are used to Dylan pleasing us , and disappointing us . Vearing off into rock , which proved OK , then religion , some good songs , and his disappointments of , mostly , the eighties . Now this . To me a total flop , a complete sellout . Nothing original here . Only echos of his good old self and , this hurts , pop . If it was n't Dylan , you 'd puke . Because it 's Dylan , there is only pain.pepe nero
 I can understand the overly enthusiatic reviews of this album when it first came out . I was pleasantly surprised by it as well . But it has n't aged well . I just listened to again twice today and there are only a small handful of good songs on it -LRB- Tweedle Dee , Mississippi , High Water , and Honest with Me -RRB- . The rest of it is God-awful , especially his corny retreads of 1920 's era Tin Pan Alley crap . I do n't mind that kind of music -LRB- especially as it 's presented on `` Boardwalk Empire '' -RRB- but in the hands of Dylan and his wretched voice , it 's just tedious . The fact that people here at Amazon have rated `` Love and Theft '' on the same level as Freewheelin ' , Highway 61 Revisited , John Wesley Harding and Bringing It All Back Home is a travesty.The two albums that preceded `` Love and Theft '' , namely Time Out of Mind and World Gone Wrong , helped set the stage for the overly effusive praise of this album . Those two records were superb and most of us did n't believe that Dylan still had that much creativity left -LRB- both as a song-writer on the former and as a perfomer on the latter -RRB- . `` Love and Theft '' benefited from the extreme good will left over from those 2 albums . But , despite a decent effort by Bob , `` Love and Theft '' did n't rise to the same level . And the plagarism that Dylan has always practiced somewhat discretely in the past became egregious on this and his 3 follow-ups -LRB- Modern Times , Together Through Life , and Tempest -RRB- . At this stage , he seems be saying to his fans
 And this guy is still putting out pure junk ! This sounds even worse then the nonsense that was issued 30-40 years ago , not a easy feat to do.Ear torture , pure and simple !
 Bob Dylan sure have done some great songs over the years , but this release is very lame and mediocre with the exception of &#65533; Mississippi &#65533; . The rest is nearly awful with Dylan &#65533; s whining , and nearly out-of-tune wailing voice . If Bob Dylan &#65533; s name wasn &#65533; t printed on the cover , nobody in their right musical mind would pay any attention at all to this . At least it would not have an average rating of 4.5 stars &#65533; unbelievable ! There &#65533; s nothing unique at all about this album , but since it &#65533; s the old legend Bob Dylan , you &#65533; re fooled to believe it &#65533; s great music .
 The voice is nearly gone , the wail is nonexistant , and he has no anguish left . The only track I liked was on the freebie that came with , it was `` The Times , They are A'changin ' '' , one of Dylan 's oldies . From back when Dylan was Dylan .
 I agree with the reviewers who wrote that they ca n't stand this CD . I 'm one of those who like some of Dylan 's music , and who ca n't stand some of it , too.I borrowed it from a library , and am now returning it . Glad I did n't buy it .
 i ca n't believe bob dylan is still trying to sing , well hey aerosmith , madonna , sting , and cher are still trying to cash in why not dylan .
 ... HOW IN THE HECK DID THIS HIPPY MAKE IT OUT OF THE 60 's ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? THERE IS NOT A WORSE MALE SINGER IN THE HISTORY OF MANKIND !!!!!!!!!!!!! but then hippies and those wanting to be will always gush over his '' poetry '' . stringing nonsensical sentences to boring folk music im sure HAS to be accompanied by a huge spliff !!!!!! ill give the guy credit for being the anti handsome , anti talented rock -LRB- ??????? -RRB- star.he is the extreme opposite of mtv.my god , if dylan was able to get paid for 1 song , everyone should run out and start singing.theres no way you will sound any where near as badly as bob.female equivilents ; MACY GREY , STEVIE NICKS , JANIS JOPLIN , ASHLEE SIMPLESONmale honorable mentions ; MICK JAGGER , LOU REED , TOM PETTY , BOB THOMAS
 This Cd just shows again that `` Time out of mind '' was the exeption in his Bobness ' decay and complete irrelevance since 1985 . I have not been able to listen to one of the songs here from beginning to end . It 's a full headache of complete lack of originality . The man was always unexpected and even in the past he did real bad records . I can forgive this man for anything , after all he wrote `` Lay lady Lay '' , `` Sad Eyed lady of the lowlands '' . `` Visions of Johanna '' and another 100 masterpieces . He 's still the best songwriter ever , but this cd is only for completists.For the others , at least listen to this cd before buying it . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 quite good - after so many bad records during the 1980s and 1990s . I like to listen to Dylan again . Like so many others from the 1960s , he somehow lost his creativity -LRB- after `` New Morning '' -RRB- . How to interpret the title ? Seems quite obvious to me
 Another stab at love - Love and Theft has a faster pace than Time out of Mind and is probably less thought provoking but there are some classics like Po Boy . The whole album is a reminder of Dylan 's mastery of lyricism . One point that I 'd like to make , and it could be thought of as a personal point , is that Dylan 's voice is n't awful or half-awful . If he ca n't sing , or if the effect his voice has is so awful why do his songs carry across various feelings , emotions and moods ? I think Dylan has been unfairly picked on for having an individual approach to his delivery , which I consider to be one of the true approaches in modern day music.You must listen to Love and Theft if you in any way appreciate blues and rock and roll .
 I agree with Mr. Chickeneater -LRB- see review -RRB- -- Love & Theft was overhyped by the critics -LRB- as was Time Out of Mind -RRB- . It sounds a lot like 1990 's Under the Red Sky , which , a few cuts excepted , is n't very good either . And I know it 's lame to complain about Dylan 's voice , but it 's more grating than usual here . In an interview , the poet David Berman -LRB- also of the great band Silver Jews -RRB- talked about how he had only recently started listening to Dylan 's catalog and was pretty disappointed , saying that `` there should be someone better . '' I think Berman 's right on target . For all the acclaim Dylan 's garnered over the years , even his best records are marred by clunkers or rewrites of older songs . The critical pendulum may have swung back in Dylan 's favor , but that does n't mean his records have gotten any better .
 Mississippi and Sugar Baby are great songs , up there with the best Dylan has done . However , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . Still , I suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over 40 years performing and recording . The same can not be said for '60s peers like Paul McCartney or the Stones.Overall , Time Out of Mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only Not Dark Yet , Standing in the Doorway and Trying to Get to Heaven truly belonging to the canon of great Bob songs .
 Seems all the `` new '' songs were pulled from baselines of his old songs . There is not a song I ca n't identify from an older album . Chintz .
 First off , I love Bob Dylan . However , has anyone stopped stroking his ego long enough to realize how bad this album is ? It has one good song on it , `` Mississippi '' and that was written for Sheryl Crow . I wish she had sung this version as well because it would be much better than hearing Leon Redbone sing it . What is Dylan doing with his vocals on this album ? Give me Nashville Skyline anyday of the week . Also , Tweedle-Dee is about the most ridiculous song ever penned . I know that it 's probably really deep and about the 2000 election or something , but its called Tweedle Dee . I think I 'll write a song about Humpty Dumpty and see if Columbia will market it as a topical song about 9-11 . It 's interesting to see how forgiving we are of aging rock stars . The longer one stays in the music industry , the more we are willing to tolerate bad music . Neil Young and Mick Jagger anyone ?
 I have several reasons for hating this -LSB- ... -RSB- . THE GUY CA N'T SING - and yeah of course he never could sing , but here , it just sounds so bad that its WEIRD . It 's like Zimmerman from Mars . I 'm baffled by this sort of aural pollution , but I know that there is no way anyone would get signed on the basis of this rubbish if they did n't have a 40 year career behind him . I am 19 years old , and I like some of his 60 's albums along with `` DESIRE '' ; maybe if I were a burnt out ex-rock star I would have sympathy for this album , too .
 Correctly titled because we all LOVE the guy . He will forever be remembered as the greatest poet / writer / folk balladeer . THEFT , because now he is using that well earned fame to steal our money . This album is just plain awful . Very difficult to listen to his voice that really has failed . Other reviewers call as good as `` Blood On The Tracks '' , not quite sure how any music lover or audiophile can make such as statement . DO NOT WASTE YOUR CASH ON THIS !! Have tickets to his 11/23 show , hope he does n't promote the album !!!!!
 After all the hype , this was the biggest disappointment of the year for me . Dylan 's dabbling in Tin Pan Alley or Stephen Foster-type songwriting just does n't cut it . He does n't have the voice . This kind of thing has been done to death and with far better results by the likes of Leon Redbone . I was hoping for more of the type of thing he did on Time Out of Mind or his Oscar-winning song for Wonder Boys . This is silly posturing on the part of a true musical original and trendsetter .
 The critics loved this CD , but they 're probably the same ones who keep voting the now tired sounding Sgt. Peppers record the greatest thing ever recorded . This is Dylan trying to sound like Bob Dylan 60s revisted . Despite his tremendous talent , Dylan ca n't carry it off . The CD mainly recycles his old ideas and music . It is n't bad , but it is not very compelling or convincing .
 Honestly , I love Time Out Of Mind , but this CD just sounds like outtakes from those great sessions . No original ground being broke here . Better to invest in Live 1966 or some earlier Bob . Or how about some of Bob 's earlier contemporaries , like Richard and Mimi Farina ?
 This album has some terrific songs -- `` Mississippi '' is worth the price , in fact -- and Dylan sound relaxed and the band sharp . So why a bad review ? Well , on the whole , relaxed is not how Dylan is at his best . He was relaxed on `` Under the Red Sky , '' too . The repeated efforts at cocktail swing just do n't work for me , though clearly many people like them ; he can play this stuff , sure , but why would he ? It 's a little like an aging lounge act -- someone below actually referred positively to the Dylan cover of Dean Martin songs , but I fear the comparison can hardly be flattering . The annoying part is that the good songs on this album show that he has n't lost his touch overall and that the harm is self-inflicted .
 . . and melodies that are pretty weak . A few old 3-chord blues patterns , the same gravelly voice , and the background arrangements all seem too much one and the same . Some of the lyrics are interesting , but that 's as it should be . `` Moonlight '' and `` PoBoy '' may be the only two that rise above mainly average songs from country/folk/rock tradition ... But at the age of 60 , at least Bob and the gang are still trying . This album shows the generally dismal new sounds aging rockers can produce , and it sounds embarrassing when you consider that they 're still basically producing material for people now nearly two generations behind them , and with all the disparity of life experience that suggests .
 God help us . I 'm sorry , but I do n't need to be told who is good . This is what I call irritating arrangements ! To me there is is no life in these arrangements . It is like Kareoke !
 This is probably the worst butchering of Sondheim 's music I have ever come across . A waste of money , even for a Sondheim collector .
 I purchased this CDbecause Julie Wilson sang a previously unrecorded Sondhiem song that was cut from the show `` A Funny Thing Happened On the Way to the Forum . '' Unfamiliar with Ms. Wilson 's work , I assume she was once a formidable cabaret singer . Unfortunately , her voice has gone . Listening to an entire CD of her raspy , not always on key singing , was not that entertaining .
 I 'll admit , I purchased this CD thinking I was a Brak Fan . Do n't get me wrong - I watched Cartoon Planet every week for months straight , then Space Ghost Coast To Coast after CP got shafted.As for this album
 My husband bought this for our 8 and 5 yr old boys after hearing the song `` Highway 40 '' on the radio . While that song and others are funny and enjoyable , there are numerous uses throughout the album of words like stupid , idiot , butt and other words I do n't want my kids listening to or repeating . Especially the 5 yr old . Would n't recommend this for young kids .
 I blindly bought this because `` Diwan '' was so good . It is a ridiculous mix of decent Middle Eastern rhythms and horribly misplaced guitar riffs . It would almost be laughable if I had n't spent money on it . Rachid Taha always wanted to be a rock and roll star and when that did n't work he jumped on the Rai bandwagon . Now he is trying to sell trendy rai music with his horrible interpretations of rock . Do n't fall for it like I did .
 Some of the instrumental pieces on this album would sound natural floating through the speakers of a hotel lift . They are rather pretentiously titled , and not much more than pleasant tunes . Tim Weisberg 's flute only adds to that impression . But if you 're a fan of the flute , you may disagree . To me , it gives this a very ` seventies ' feel . Quite fun though , if you 're in the mood . Dan does put vocals on a few tracks , most notably the rather overdone and fairly unoriginal ` Power of Gold ' . Best stuff on the album is when Dan covers songs from the sixties and does a nice job . This album is the more appealing twin of the more recent ` No Resemblance Whatsoever ' .
 This is nothing but glorified muzak , perfect for the elevator and/or dentist office.There is a superb cover of Judy Collins ' `` Since You Asked , '' and an admitedly catchy number in `` The Power of Gold '' but the rest of this is nothing more than a insomnia cure .
 `` Twin Sons of Different Mothers '' is little more than faux jazz lite -- easy listening for those who think they are hip , but just ca n't bring themselves to listen to the real deal . If you are new to Fogelberg pass this one by in favor of `` The Innocent Age '' which is a much better display of his songwriting talents .
 `` Twin Sons of Different Mothers , '' a collaboration between singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg and flautist Tim Weisberg , was something of a surprise commercial hit upon its release in the fall of 1978 . Given that disco was taking such a firm hold in the public 's consciences -LRB- even the Rolling Stones were cashing in on the craze -RRB- a mostly instrumental album of jazz lite hardly seemed to be a formula for a big chart payoff.Yet `` Twin Sons '' became Fogelberg 's first top ten album , his first platinum album , and produced his first top 30 hit single in the modestly catchy , but hardly innovative `` Power of Gold . `` Twenty-three years later the success of `` Twin Sons '' is something of a mystery , not only because of it being the antithesis of what was going on in music at the time , but because of its being virtually devoid of anything that sustains in one 's memory ten seconds after it has been played . `` The Power of Gold '' is catchy enough to get stuck in one 's head -LRB- like chewing gum on the sole of your shoe -RRB- and the duo 's version of the Judy Collins song `` Since You 've Asked '' is gorgeous , but beyond that this is little more than Muzak suitable for your next trip to the dentist . `` Twin Sons '' is of great historical significance , however , as it was a portend of the popularity of so called `` new age '' music that exploded among the so called yuppies of the early to mid 1980 's . For popular music historians `` Twin Sons '' is a real find . Those who do n't learn from history , after all , are condemned to repeat it .
 I strongly support the 3-star review . This set is not the good source to listen to these broadcasts . Orrin Keepnews has deleted many announcement bits , but what is worst , many announcement bits where Bird played behind Symphony Sid.All of this to include the 1947 Carnegie Hall concert , which is in plenty of other issues , and four 1950 tracks which do n't represent the complete session , just arbitrarily the small segment acquired by Savoy in the 1970s . The complete 1950 session is also to be found somewhere else.The Japanese version of the Royal Roost material is fine but hard to get . A new one in a 4CD box devoted exclusively to the complete Royal Roost performances and including various truly appropriate bonus sessions surpasses it and has just recently appeared in Europe .
 This guy is just a joker !! Live and on CD
 I bought this CD in a Music Store and have downloaded the Cover Image . Unlike the Amazon description , this is a Single CD package , with music selections agreeing with what Amazon shows as Disc 1 . The performers names are well known and respected , but some of the recordings are low grade from the era before high quality . They are old recordings , early versions of some of their best.Exceptions to this are `` Please Do n't Talk About Me When I 'm Gone '' , `` Jersey Bounce '' , and `` Woodchopper 's Ball '' , which are not too shabby in quality and energy . Dorsey 's `` Tiger Rag '' is also not bad , but not of the greatest recording quality . `` Chatanooga Choo Choo '' is the standard Miller hit which is available anywhere with better quality . This version has no singing or voice ... just the instrumental.You 'll have to pick and choose the selections you really like .
 Their new material on Right Back proved that without nowell they still had some songwriting talent . This album contains some decent reggae songs but they are glossed over and it sounds like pop and the lyrics simply are lacking . They seem really disorganized and they do n't really have central songwriters . This album really lacks good instrumentals , they have a sax , a flute and an organ yet you hear so little of them if anything . At least in their previous album they had some more depth . also the rap is bad on this album and so is the punk . as a matter of fact this whole cd is pretty bad . i like the band and i want some good modern reggae to be produced but i guess i will have to look further .
 The Long Beach Dub Allstars had a fabulous first album , Right Back . That cd had sick reggae and dub right from the heart . Wonders of the World seems contrived to me , and I blame the producer David Leary of the butthole surfers . He produced sublime 's self-titled which was as we all agree a great album . However I would guess that Brad Nowell was more at the helm of producing in that session then the Allstars were for Wonders of the World . Wonders of the World has a similar sound to the sublime self-titled album and right back seems separated from it . Basically what I am saying is that Right Back is a great album and follows up for sublime , whereas Wonders of the World is cheap and plastic and I am honestly bummed and disappointed and I do n't really know what went wrong with this recording it really -LSB- is n't good -RSB- , buy right back it is really really good .
 I Bought this cd beacause there first cd right back was great.Theres one good song on this cd the rest suck.Right back was nice and fresh almost like sublime this one soundstotally diffrent its offspring meets britney spears meets sublime there vocals are okay but music wise they sucked on this cd .
 Too much drama with too little talent . I am very disappointed with this album . Too much reading out of the lyrics for my taste and sudden howling and whispering make listening very unpleasant . Her voice is quite unstable and `` old '' .
 I do n't think Cole Porter ever wanted his wonderfully witty lyrics to be read in such an overly dramatic manner . I had n't listened to a Julie Wilson recording for many years and I purchased this one believing that she would be as enjoyable as she was when first I heard her . Either my tastes have changed , or Julie has.She hams her way through this familiar stuff as if she does n't know what the lyric is about . It is n't that her voice is bad , it 's just to much voice for Cole Porter 's music . Her reading of `` Most Gentlemen Do n't Like Love '' is an example of the over-acting that is evident in every selection on this CD . Buy some of her old recordings , but ... leave this one alone !
 Sure , this album works on the same level as a fun dance album would - it 's not dance , but it 's something that you would put in when you do n't want to hear music that is stirring and inspiring . And sometimes , you do n't , right ? But I wish people would stop making all these statements about how darn great Diana Krall is , come on ?? It makes me wonder if this is the first piece of jazz these guys have ever bought . To praise this and call it great jazz is insulting , to well , great jazz !! Diana is a completely middle of the road singer , and the catch is , is that , she does n't really know what to do with jazz . She sings in more of a soft pop tone and does n't possess any real emotion . There is n't anything distinctive or expressive about her voice . Her piano playing is lackluster-it does n't bring out any of the nuances in the music and sounds positevely detached . I believe that Diana Krall is much more about good marketing , than she is about true music . There ca n't be any other reason such a mediocre singer has come so far .
 Like it . Love it . Live in Paris will always be in my top 5 . She is a star with this incredible band . Some of her originals are too melancholy for me , but she is truly unique in her talents . Who else can compose , sing and play jazz piano like that ? Who was the girl ?
 Diana Krall has taken the smooth jazz of Nat Kng Cole and made it even better ... her renditions are polihed and perky . She is a great modern jazz singer/pianist who should be heard and seen more often !!!!!
 This is rehashed music . It 's as if Petty needed to record to make some money . Many of the songs are very similar to earlier releases . Some of the riffs are similar . I guess there 's nothing wrong with that . But , it 's more of a different version of an earlier song . Jeff Lynne 's contribution is as expected . He puts in the fillers and keeps the songs linked together . There 's not much here though . I love Petty . To me , the last two releases have fallen a bit short . I bought both . Could n't resist ever buying a Petty release . The production of Jeff Lynne had me anticipating greatness . But , there is no greatness here . Unfortunately
 I do n't know what 's wrong with you people . I have all of Tom 's stuff , and this is simply the worst , most boring pile Tom has ever released . Until now , I did n't think Tom had a bad record . I do now . Actually this , Mojo , and Mudcrutch all suck hard . Tom needs to retire .
 I thought we would like this ... it sucked . WE are in our late 40 's , gave it to my son in his mid 20 's ... he likes it . Go figure ! It 's just a bit too new sound for us . We thought it would be good old Tom Petty sound . It was n't .
 I could be wordy but let 's just cut to the chase . This album `` suck 's . I am a big Tom Petty fan & egarly awaited the release of this album but wow what a dissapointment.I guess Tom Petty is at his best when he is with the Heartbreakers
 What happened to The Last DJ Tom ? The Tom Petty who made a point in Houston in 1992 that all the signs at the Woodlands had nothing to do with him . Times are a-changin ' when the artist starts double dippin '
 i have seen people raving about how good and blah blah this record is . Well what shall i say , i fell for it and ordered it online . Now !!! being a tom petty fan i took the trouble getting it before anybody else here in india , because it takes ages for new albums to get here . Result - Alas ! the task at hand was that of trying to finish listening to all the 12 tracks and then chuck it down into the Cellar . I was waiting on track after track expecting something better to come up But was immenseley discontented . Saving grace ! seems to be the only grace on the whole album . I feel some of the tracks were improvised straight lifts from his previous heartbreakers ventures . This record is going to Catch dust in the cellar .
 I listened to this album and I do n't understand how people can say this stands with Tom Petty 's best work . Same chord progressions , middling to plodding tempos - the whole thing sounds tired and vacnt of any new ideas musically and lyrically . I am a fan of Tom Petty , have seen him live , and was really diappointed in this album . I expected more - maybe a little fire to go with these new insights . No song is really bad nor is any song really good . There 's a sameness to each song which causes the whole album to seem boring . I hope this album does not serve as his swan song .
 I have know idea where all of the positive reviews come from for this album . I have always been a Petty fan . This is the worst thing I have ever heard by him . How this can even be mentioned in the same breath with Full Moon Fever is beyond me . I have one word for you `` lame '' . I had to give it a one because they do not have zero as a rating . I was fooled by all of the glowing reviews here .
 Tom Petty has been in the Industry for a really long time & it shows with the way he is able to basically get a free pass with another same song & Album feeling Project . Chord Progressions have n't changed in years , vocally are the same & the Overall Production feels phoned in on a whole . it 's been quite a while for me since petty has put out a decent Album let alone a decent Song . this is a Album that is more Highway Cruise control than a Companion .
 Big disappointment , as was Last DJ . Still hope he can get past apparent mid-life crisis and get back to level of 80s + 90s work .
 After not having bought a CD in a couple of months , I bought three last week , this one , as well as the new releases by Sammy Hagar and George Thorogood . I was looking forward to this CD the most , and it is by far the worst.The main problem is that it is TOO mellow . If you like Tom in that mode , then you 'll like this CD . After hearing `` Saving Grace '' prior to the release , despite sounding like he was ripping off ZZ Top , I was really excited . Then I got the CD and listened to it.Nothing 's really bad , but nothing 's really good on it either.I should n't be surprised , because I 've really been waiting for the pre - `` Echo '' Tom Petty to return , and that may never happen.Again , if you like the mellow Tom Petty , you 'll probably like this . But it 's nowhere near the quality of `` Full Moon Fever . ''
 Sorry , but I 'm just not into this phase of Tom Petty 's song writing . He has n't really made a great rock album since Full Moon Fever . The first track , `` Saving Grace '' is classic Petty . The rest of the disc is pretty much a melancholy , introspective album and the last 4 tracks are complete throwaways . I still love TP to death and his live shows are not to be missed . But I just prefer to hear Rock and not this toned down , Dylan imitation . It took me a while before I developed a fondness for `` Wildflowers '' . Maybe the same will happen for this disc but I 've listened to it 6 or 7 times now and I really do n't have a desire for repeat listening . I guess Tom is following in the steps of Clapton . Age mellows a person and maybe Tom is just writing songs that reflect where he 's at in life . I miss the Tom Petty I grew up with !!
 Record companies ca n't figure out why people get music online and do n't want to pay money for the CDs ? It 's because they keep jerking people around with things like this!I paid good money for this album , happy to support the artist . Now I find I 've only got part of the album . I do n't care about `` leatherette boards . '' I want what I paid for in the first place -- the music . All of it . How many CDs do they expect people to buy to get a full album?I may wind up with this `` special edition '' and the four missing tracks , but they sure wo n't be getting money from me for it .
 I totally agree . I own ALL of Petty 's album , and this type of BS is what he was singing about when you listen to his album `` The Last DJ '' . The record companies are trying to get people to actually buy albums , but then they want to d!ck around with everyone . I 'm sure that if they would have released this on the SAME day that they released the regular edition , the hardcore fans & collectors would have bought it ... but NO ... they wait over 2 months until the regular edition is out to put out one with 4 BONUS tracks , so the hardcore fan and/or collector will have to buy a 2nd copy of the album to get the 4 extra tracks.I gave this item 1 star because it is a RIP OFF ... but otherwise , Tom Petty is always a 5 star musician , and this is one of his best albums ! Sorry Tom ... SOrry that the record company is ripping off your fans!I think you should put the 4 tracks up on your website to download for free!I have 2 words for the music industry
 I own everything Tom Petty released , I 've seen him at least 3x , multiple T-Shirts , videos , et . al. . I would have bought this special edition had it been out day one , -LRB- e.g. , Dylan Modern Times , McCartey Memory almost full , Harrison Brainwashed -RRB- , as a hardcore fan should at least be given the choice to buy the special edition . Rather , the fan is forced into it by a record company marketing directly to the small sub-set of completists that they know they can rip off . Hence , I will not be purchasing this , or the Springsteen `` American Land '' Seeger Sessions Edition , or his `` Greatest Hits '' or the highlights CD with a whole 2 songs deliberately left off the $ 65.00 box set . I did n't have a choice from the beginning , and paid for concerts , T-Shirts , box sets , et . al. . It 's one thing to shell it out for these great artists , they deserve it ; however , no one likes to feel used . And , I 'd like to know what Tom & Bruce thought about these releases , because it 's all too easy to blame the `` evil corporation '' , if anyone has creative say-so , it 's these guys .
 Record companies mirror the Sopranos more than legitimized business . Doing such a thing with a group such as the Beatles makes a little sense because the band is deceased . `` Buyer beware '' is the phrase that fits regardless of what `` deluxe '' edition you purchase.To me , the original Napster is really Robin Hood ... steal from the rich to give to the poor ...
 But I will NOT give into this shameless ripoff by the record company . A nice way to treat and reward fans who bought the original CD would be to offer the 4 bonus tracks on an EP for $ 5 or so . Or offer the songs for download . But when have record companies ever been so thoughtful ? I 'll just look for these elsewhere , and if I do n't get them , oh well . The original CD can be had for around $ 12 and is a 4 star CD . This rip off amounts to $ 18 -LRB- $ 26 list ! -RRB- for 4 songs ! They know this is marketed towrds Tom Petty fans , and what fan has n't already bought the CD ? And who cares about leather packages and postcards ! May the record company enjoy it 's ride down the tubes .
 In perusing the reviews , I admit that I am among the minority of listeners who would give this CD a low rating . And I write this as someone who owns -LRB- or has owned -RRB- much of Tom Petty 's catalog of recordings . I suppose this effort from Tom was meant to be the third of a trilogy of Tom 's solo LP 's starting with ` Full Moon Fever ' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and ` Wildflowers ' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , both of which are among my favorites . `` Fever '' is an easy choice in that it is probably Tom 's most accessible , radio-friendly effort along with ` Damn The Torpedos ' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . The real underrated gem in Tom 's discography is ` Wildflowers ' and I was hoping beyond hope that ` Highway Companion ' would be an extension of that recording . I gave this a careful listen and feel that the fire from those earlier efforts is lacking . `` Highway '' is structured much like an LP , 12-songs in 43 minutes . The strongest songs are tracks 1 and 7 , which in the days of vinyl would have lead off their respective sides . `` Saving Grace '' was a good opener and `` Big Weekend '' is kind of catchy similar to `` Yer So Bad '' from ` Full Moon Fever ' . Its just that for me the rest of the album is too laid back sort of like the soundtrack to ` She 's The One ' . Maybe this was Tom 's just state of mind at the time . And maybe its a good thing for some but you would hardly know that Jeff Lynne had anything to do with this project . I guess this could be a nice driving album if you are in a reflective mood , but I think Tom can offer much better and was hoping that he would do so .
 I agree with the reviewer below . I do n't like the style of writing or lyrics in this album . Besides 2 songs , maybe 3 , you have to try to think to hard to understand the meaning of the songs . MUSIC IS N'T SUPPOSE TO BE A MATH TEST.When you listen to a song , your suppose to know what it means AND not have to read the lyrics and SOLVE THE PUZZLE . I do like , `` damaged by love '' , and `` this old town '' . Those you get fast and can understand , as-well as everbody else . '' SQUARE ONE also .
 I think I 'll listen to this in its entireity about 5 times.But , then `` Night Driver '' - I have mp3 'd it and will listen about 500 times ! It 's smooth , and sexy rock like `` Breakdown '' was ! awesome ! Also I dont get why Jeff Lynne is a sought after producer . Bring back Jimmy `` Damn the Torpedoes '' Iovine !
 Good music , but diffently TOM PETTY 's worst writing . YEP , the lyrics are bad.Real bad !!! Music is good -LRB- NORMAL -RRB- , but the lyrics just bore the listener to death . Do n't worry TOM , John mellencamp , and Bruce Springsteen have the same problem . When I listen to this album , i have know idea what tom is singing about . EXAMPLE . '' SAVING GRACE , TURN THIS CAR AROUND , JACK , GOLDEN ROSE , DOWN SOUTH '' , etc. . And what about that song about a HORSE ? A HORSE -LRB- THAT 's RIGHT -RRB- . Are you kidding me !!! NO , a stupid horse !! What ever happened to singing about GIRLS , LIFE , FUN , SUNNY DAYS , and jump - up and down songs ? Is n't that how TOM got famous ??? YEP !! But , not on this album .
 Carl Wayne was the lead singer of The Move in the 1960s and The Hollies in the 2000s . This is not him . Do not buy this if that 's the Carl Wayne you want .
 While some listeners may balk at the number of hip-hop tracks on Halfway Tree , I balk more at the number of MEDIOCRE hip-hop tracks . While there is certainly some fresh , exciting material here , too much on this album seems to get bogged down by a focus on style over substance , just like Ky-mani 's sub-par The Journey .
 My God , he is struggling here . Get back to the roots ! Karma deficit in this piece . I agree with a previous reviewer - stick with the first release style . Do n't follow the lost and confused sheep . What would Daddy Marley say?Save yourself and do n't buy this .
 As a long time lover of roots reggae and Bob Marley 's music and vision , I find this album just plain sad . That it won a grammy for best reggae album of the year shows the sad state of reggae today . This is why I will continue to play the music made 15-25 years ago -LRB- the exceptions being Ziggy Marley 's Spirit of Music CD and Luciano -RRB- . Sheesh , am I getting old or is this cd just plain bad ?
 This album is a disaster from a reggae perspective . It won a grammy for Reggae album of the year ... how that could happen is way beyond my comprehension . Damian has alot to learn -LRB- and upon writing this review he does have a song just released that I really like called `` Welcome To Jamrock '' -RRB- about what Roots Reggae Music is . `` Jamrock '' may be his ticket if he can stay away from the rap crap so called Reggae that he usually sings.It kills me to see some of these Marley kids getting all the respect -LRB- Ziggy , Damian -RRB- when Ky-Mani Marley clearly blows themaway . The only other Marley that I give props to who seems to me will have a breakout album in the near future is Julian Marley . He seems to be on the right path and is just a matter of time .
 There is only one or two tunes in this CD.I have had this cd since it came out . . I have listened to it once . . I do n't know if I 'll listen to it before I gave it away.What a disappointment ? The more disappointment was when this album won a grammy instead of Beres Hammond 's Music For Life!I would n't recommend it !
 THIS ITEM NEVER COME TO ME , HOW CAN I RATE IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 As an electronic music lover just getting into the genre of electroclash , I was very excited and eager to hear this album . But I was immediately and thoroughly disappointed with this CD . The first seven songs had the EXACT same rhyme scheme -LRB- a sentence that includes several rhyming words -RRB- . This technique loses its allure after the first song , and it is downright annoying to hear it used on all of the first seven songs . On top of that , the lines themselves are repeated several times within the song , but not as a refrain . Very , very tiresome indeed . If you took away the music you would literally not be able to tell where one song ends and the other begins , they are THAT similar . The music is another problem . Unlike contemporary artists , peaches feels no need to build music , rather , the beats continue essentially unchanged from start to finish for an average of 4 minutes lending them an inert quality that is utterly boring . The last few tracks take a step in the right direction by abandoning the tired rhyming method , but it is too little , too late . The vocals are decently sung , there is nothing I can openly criticize there . The lyrical contect , however , is another story entirely . I am not offended by the lyrics on this album , rather , I find it hard not to view it as juvenile scrawlings . It certainly is not art . That said , I am certain this CD appeals to a specific crowd for a specific purpose . Rave/Punk girls , if this is what it takes to get you in the mood , so be it . But for music lovers I would advise that you save your hard-earned cash and stay away from this uninspired repetitive drivel . Or better yet , buy Ladytron 's excellent album 604 , it 's fantastic .
 When this record came out , electroclash had all the hype , and many people bought it just for that . -LRB- Right now there 's nothing as `` uncool '' as electroclash and the term itself -RRB- but let 's be honest here , there 's NOTHING to enjoy about this particular crap . The whole album is full of handclaps and beats that are almost the same , vocals are really annoying and boring . And the so-called `` punk attitude '' is sooooo fake . Trust me , there are hundreds of better records in this kind of mood -LRB- pretended mood -RRB- For example
 Or -- a pretentious drag that 's just not to my tastes . Will probably be forgotten in another 5 years , an obsolescence in contrast to the unusual amount of attention it received upon release . Nice cover , though .
 What contributed to punk 's early hedonism was its unflagging energy and passionate , purposeful lyrical content . This album represents a futile manipulative attempt at the genre 's sonic invention but loses immediacy through the uninspired vocals . For such perpetual vulgary to work , the delivery must be more energetic and convincing . This is Lords of Acid without the more obvious , good natured posturing .
 Do n't believe the hype !!!! this is mediocre ! Lords of acid will give this lady a nice kick in the ... ! I dunno how her new album will sound like but this one is just blah !
 It is your decision to pay your hard earned money for this . Be warned though ... It is CRAP ! If you want something similar but better , check ot Tracy and the Plastics .
 The beats are realy realy good ! But the singing sucks like hell.Every other sentance has f me or f you in it . This is a very weird style of music . I only gave it 2 stars because it has good techno beats . It also has way to much profanity and the words always repeat themselves . Super annoing !
 i like this see D. Do n't tell my Frat Brothas
 when this lady is an anti pop star ? the songs she plays , surely has nothing to do with the classic masterpiece rock n roll elements ... she certainly plays rock songs , but it is definitely not a rock n roll or Heavyrock masterpiece genre!Some veterans legendary heavy rock bands from the past such as Black sabbath , Uriah Heep , King crimson , Led Zeppelin or deep purple should teach her how to play Rock n roll very well !
 I LOVE Funeral for a Friend 's latest CD , `` Hours . '' The songs are well thought out , interesting , engaging , and the vocals are great.The tracks on this CD are worthless `` screamo '' nothings . The songs are very simple and bland . Worse yet , the vocals are terrible ! They are primarily screams that ruin anything that the tracks have going for them . While I enjoy the vocals of Senses Fail , Thursday -LRB- one of the few bands that should be allowed to `` scream '' -RRB- , etc. , the screaming `` singer '' for this album sounds like he just showed up drunk and did whatever he felt like . It 's sloppy and painful to listen to.If you love Hours because it soars above the stale ocean of terrible `` emo '' and `` screamo '' band that have popped up recently , do n't bother with `` Casually Dressed & Deep in Conversation . `` If you 're considering picking up a Funeral for a Friend CD , I HIGHLY recommend `` Hours , '' which is far surperior to this cookiecutter screamo release .
 What 's good about it?There 's a few decent riffs and hooks on `` Escape Artists Never Die '' and `` Storytelling , '' and there are some thunderous guitar chords on `` She Drove Me '' and `` Red is the New Black , '' but the majority of this album falls into the next category.Anything bad ? `` Rookie of the Year '' reeks of commercial punk or emo , as they like to call it . A genre that has been greatly exploited lately without anyone coming out on top . Think New Found Glory or The All-American Rejects . What 's the most recognizable aspect of this music ? A whiney , off-key singer . Funeral for a Friend takes it one step further though . On songs like `` Bullet Theory '' and `` Moments Forever Faded , '' they mix in a line or two of death metal like growling with the whine . It 's really more like ferocious shouting . The wailing vocals are more prevalent on the ballad `` Your Revolution is a Joke . '' Right around `` Storytelling '' it seems that the vocalist is getting a hold of his voice , but that 's thrown out the window on the next track . While I 'm at it , could the song titles be any longer?Bottom LineI guess I was surprised to find out it was my funeral . Casually Dressed ... is your typical , uninspiring , cookie-cutter , emo nonsense . You 've heard it a million times on the radio , and you still ca n't tell who 's who .
 this is one of the worst cd 's i have ever listened to . If you enjoy music that encourages you to murder your parents , or siblings , then this music is for you . if you are suicidal and would like to kill yourself , this might be a good cd to kill yourself to because it is so horrible .
 damn , these are the stupidest lyrics I 've ever heard . Why must I suffer this garbage ? I am ashamed that the multifaceted universe had to have these four or five `` musicians '' collide together . Wow , just bad ! I want to hear a band that makes me think and gives me something new to talk about , engages my mind . Instead I 've got the `` hardcore '' Backstreet Boys in my stereo and they are not impressing me at all . Please save me Dashboard Confessional part two `` the hardcore years '' . Please do not describe these guys as `` hardcore '' , nay hardcore they are not . I have a personal vendetta against this stupid band . Agh ! I would have to whole heartly agree with Heidi and Mic on this one , lame ! There was once a creature called a caterpillar , it once crawled around in the mud and grass . One day that same caterpillar made a cocoon and it stayed there until it became a beautiful butterfly . That butterfly spent a lot of time crafting it 's wings and pretty colors . When the caterpillar finally awoke from it 's cocoon it decided to fly to a flower and feast , a feast requisite of it 's metamorphisis . Then a bird came from the sky and devoured it , seeing it as an unfit animal to inhabit this planet and only fit for it 's nourishment . And that 's Funeral For a Friend -LRB- that friend
 I grew up on the fathers of modern metal ... bands like Nirvana , Fudge Tunnel , and going back even further , Slayer.These bands are semi-legends ; and FFAF compare like spoiled , whiney children . The music just sounds immature and needlessly shouty . There 's no thought , it 's noiseless squealing to chugging guitars with no sense of grandeur or passion or ... anything , really . Just angst . We had enough of that with Korn . This gets two stars because it 's well produced.This is music for 13-year old girls who have just discovered that Justin Timberlake does n't really love them , and for 13-year old boys who have yet to drop their balls .
 Every once in a while , I choose one of these lame bands at random and decide to at least give them a fighting shot . I really do , honestly . But for some reason I always seem to realize I 'm wasting my time . Its like hiring the retarded kid that lives down the street to mow your lawn for you because you feel bad for him and deep down in your heart of hearts you 're just hoping he can do a good job and maybe you 'll both feel good about yourselves in the end . But at the end of the day , you look outside , and only half of your grass is mowed , your rose bushes are torn up , there 's holes dug all over your lawn , and the kid is chasing squirrels with your brand new lawnmower . That 's the closest comparison I can make to giving this band/album an honest listen . Its the same old repetitive , banal , immature , tasteless pop-emo - `` screamo '' crap , only this time its from Europe . Yo dudes , we have a hard enough time dealing with the overpopulation of horrible bands like this in the U.S. , so stop sending extra ones over for us to put up with . I hate this `` genre '' , I hate this band , I hate kids who like this crap , and I hate wasting valuable time actually reviewing this album . Why do I even get free promos from Ferret anyway ? Its a good thing there does n't seem to be a return address on the box here or I 'd pull a Timothy McVeigh on these dudes . Oh and while I 'm ranting , let me just post a message to everyone who rates my reviews `` non-helpful '' just because you actually like and listen to this garbage
 I should of listened to Forest from ISU . I bought `` Hours '' and was so floored , I figured I would give `` Casually ... '' a try . What a mistake . This album is so spotty it boggles the mind that this band made the work of art `` Hours '' . This album should be called `` Casually Overated & Deep in Mediocrity '' . This band is absolutely amazing , dont get we wrong , but this album was just a stepping stone to get noticed and produce better work . The effect of this album makes you want to listen to it less and less . `` Hours '' gets better and better every listen . I find myself waking up with songs from `` Hours '' stuck in my head . Everything about this album is a few notches below `` Hours '' . From the substandard vocals , to the plain guitars , to the average drums . Now maybe I wouldnt be so critical of this album if I didnt hear Hours but I guess this pales in comparision so much , its laughable . If you want to buy this album , do it in support of a great band getting better and dont expect to get much more out of it than that .
 now i understand that Danny Tenaglia is a great dj and all . but this was one of the worst cd 's that i have ever purchased in my life . Danny is a great dj , and knows his deep sexy orgasmic house ... i did not expect this to be the way it was . i `` returned '' the cd immediatley , for all of you Danny Tenaglia fans , and i 'm one of the fans , not a huge one but a fan non-the less , this cd is absolutely disguisting ! Do not get it ... get his Athens cd ' or Tourism . . those are great ... and thats all i have to say about that
 Well boys and girls the next time you look up the word mistake you will see a picture of me holding this CD . What a waste of hard earned cash !!! this CD was such bore with what seemed to be a complete lack of imagination , not only on the part of Tenaglia but , on the part of the producers too . It seems like in todays Music industry creativity is a Bad word . SOOOooo incredibly boring ... When I bought it I thought I was gon na get some smooth tunes maybe something to relax to but , NO !!! instead what I got was the worst display of ... `` I sold out and , now that my name can sell CD 's who cares what I sell '' ... For those who like this CD I recomend a check up at your nearest Physicians A.S.A.P you might have Mono good luck but get a difrent CD
 OK , anyone who is a fan of electronic music knows that Danny Tenaglia is the best house DJ in the world , hands down , no questions asked . He is Digweed 's favorite DJ , the only American representative in the popular Global Underground series , and the `` DJ of the Year '' for 2000 . So why is he spinning corny , trendy , early-90 's pop hits into sounds that are not even close to house , or electronica , for that matter ? This is really all the CD is , and it thoroughly disappointed me and came close to insulting me as a fan of this great DJ . There is nothing remotely close to what true Tenaglia fans like . It would appeal to the listener who looks for some catchy remixes of some old songs -LRB- not that there is anything wrong with that -RRB- , but it does n't appeal to a listener like myself who digs the deep basslines , tribal rhythms , and sexy samples that have made him the international superstar he is today . Luckily , his past works exonerate this fiasco . Global Underground : London is very good and GU : Athens is just about the best house you can buy on the market . I have yet to pick up `` Tourism '' , but I hope that it is not like this one . I still love ya , Danny .
 Danny can be a great dancefloor DJ , sometimes he has a bad night . This CD is more of a chill-out after-party cool-down record than his usual stuff , but ultimately it 's annoying . He tried to pick really esoteric tracks but mostly it 's a bunch of crap , boring piano tracks , dumb vocal samples , banal early nineties hits , and one or two great old paradise garage classics . BODY AND SOUL VOL .2 does a much better job taking us back in time , chilling us out , and remaining up-to-date and relevant at the same time . I respect Danny , but I ca n't listen to this CD .
 I should have know better than to buy this after seeing a track by CeCe Peniston . Do n't waste your money . . i 'm headed back now to return this junk
 Danny ! we need more dark house and less flaky flamer disco , bud . But that was the hype for it , so it should have known.get the GU in ATHENS instead , groovers
 I am a HUGE Danny fan , and this has got to be the biggest letdown I 've ever encounted when purchasing a CD . This CD is the lamest collection of tracks that I have ever heard . If you like any of Danny 's other CD 's , I can almost guarantee that you will hate this . I feel like I 've been robbed by having to pay for it . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this album knowing nothing about 3rd . Force . I wish I had n't . 3rd . force is not an ambiant group -LRB- e.g. no long instrumentals flowing through the ether -RRB- but a rather new agey contrived adult contemporary jazz offering . The tracks are basic uptempo muzak ... zzzzz ... look elswhere .
 If you like the Smooth Criminal cover , you 'll be disappointed by the rest of the album . Not a big fan of this band after hearing this album . They are creepily generic as if molded in an MTV laboratory somewhere in New York City . Just buy the MP3 single , and do n't buy this album .
 WHAT THE FUNK WHY REMAKE SMOOTH CRIMINAL DON ' T MAKE MICHAEL LOOK STRANGER THAN HE ALREADY IS . GUYS LAY OFF THE PROZAC .
 uhh can you say one hit wonder casue thats what this is here . first of all how is you best song on the cd gon na have someone eles beat on it . Thats real sad right there . you know why ? Because i can only give props to michealJackson the oringinator of that beat . let take that beat out of the song smotth vriminal and all you have is `` annie are you okay '' ? of coure annies not okay she had to listen to AAf CD . The rest of the songs on here is just plain and flat out weak . save your money dont buy this
 I was n't really excited to get this CD in the first place , but I really expected it to be better than what it was . True , there were only two songs I 'd heard before I bought this , and maybe that 's where I went wrong . But perhaps I was misled . The two songs I listened to , Wish and Smooth Criminal , were both great , especially Wish . But as I venture through the CD , there were stretches of about 3 songs I wanted to skip . And that 's not so good.One thing I noticed above all others are the guitars . Yeah , I guess they 're good , but they 're really annoying . On songs like Courage and Whisper , it 's just high-pitched and annoying ! I hated it ! Dryden Mitchell , the lead singer , can get whiny at times , too . I think they should stick to softer songs like Movies , no doubt about it . Of course , Happy Death Day was soft as well , and I did n't think it was so great.The best songs on this album are Wish and Movies . Smooth Criminal gets boring after awhile , and the rest are all mediocre tracks that are mostly filler . I 'm not sure how truANT , their latest album is doing , but I know it 's not as good as this one did , all because of that wretched single , Smooth Criminal . So my advice to you is to sample some tracks before you buy it . Because I ca n't say you 're gon na like it .
 Was on the aeroport and had really nothing to do because of a long wait . So I went to one of those stores and searched for some cool music to listen on my laptop ... maybe even on the plane ... so I picked up Alien Ant Farm , which there 'd been lots of talking because of the song Smooth Criminal.Me as a heavy rock fan think this album is not listenable . Annoying chorus just make it impossible to like this album . Maybe it 's something for people who like this kind of happy-rock music . In my opinion this album is very weak and can not create anything that sounds good ... maybe in the cover Smooth Criminal , but that 's pretty much it .
 Alien Ant Farm ! They 're awesome right ? Well I beg to differ . Although there cover of smooth criminal is some good music . The rest of the CD is well let 's just say not good . Much of it is slow rock with a little zing . Anyway if you like smooth criminal buy the single and not this CD !
 AAF does a great knock off of `` Smooth Criminal '' , but that 's it . I went out on a limb and bought this disc hoping for more rocking tunes . WRONG , the rest of this CD , AAF 's own material , is depressing -LSB- and -RSB- whiny ... This is easily the WORST album I have ever heard . These guys had better not quit their day jobs . Sad .
 what else can i say about this cd except that it bores me out of my skull . i picked up a copy when i was buying one for my friend to see what it was like . well i liked it for a little while , but then i realized how mediocre the songs were . after a while it became the cd i always skipped automatically when looking for one to listen to . dont buy it unless u want something to sleep to -LRB- and u can get good music u can sleep to like sigur ros -RRB- .
 gets one star for smooth criminal , this cd is boring and uninspired .
 I 've had this cd for a while , I have listened to it a few times through ... a few of the songs are stand out , but not really worthy of holding on too . Get this cd if you like shallow punk rock !
 First off , I do n't like this album cause it 's too messed up . Do n't get it if u do n't like that sorta thing . I only like 3 things on here and they 're not really that messed up . They 're much better . I do n't recommend it .
 have a cell phone ? baggy pants ? a dumb haircut ? consider yourself `` cutting edge , '' `` controversial , '' or `` hardcore '' ? Then by all means , rush out to -LRB- ... -RRB- and snap up this wonderful , wonderful album . Play it loud in your dad 's car and show the world your anti-establishment , devil-may-care raison d'etre . Man , you could n't care less about Brittany , right ? You 're gon na run out and get that tatt and/or pierced septum , right ? Then you are a true original , pardner , and THIS is your soundtrack ! It 's like God read your mind and sent AAF to set thy free of the chains that lame-butt society forged to ensnare you!Trust me , one day after you are grown up , you will look back at this and laugh - albeit uncomfortably .
 Personally , I have n't listened to much Alien Ant Farm other than this cd . I usually buy cds for a band or a few songs I like and then I listen to the whole cd . There are bands that I would call `` talented '' and other bands that are just `` One-Hit Wonders '' . Alien Ant Farm might be a one-hit wonder . Smooth Criminal is a good song , and addictive , but eventually it gets boring . The first song on the cd , Courage , is also a good song . I like listening to both , but otherwise this cd is n't that great .
 Wow , and people are calling this `` rock ? '' Christ , it 's not even that hard . I mean , they cover a damn Michael Jackson song , this is n't rock it 's just some bad music.The song Smooth Criminal is catchy of course , but a lot of songs are . I do n't understand what happened here , we went from people like Hendrix , Albert King , and The Who to A.A.F , Papa Roach , and Limp Bizkit.Christ , I 'm a huge music fan so I go out and buy as much music as my budget will let me , and this is one of those albums I end up selling or throwing far , far away.Terrible music , not recommended at all .
 I do n't understand how this band came to be so popular . Though they have a few catchy , enjoyable songs on this CD - `` Movies , '' `` sticks and stones , '' and `` courage '' were all tolerable , most of this is a repetitive and annoying minimalist contortion of nu-metal and reggae/funk . Although it is somewhat original , not sounding like much else out there , the music is absent of any sort of catchiness , good hooks , or meaningful lyrics . There is simply very little to catch the ear . Most annoying is one line that the singer found necessary to repeat many , many times throughout the album , which contrasts `` waves crashing '' to a `` semi trailor . '' It 's not insightful , it does n't make sense at all , yet it recurs more than once.Most of this CD is repetitive , irritatingly mindless trash . As an album it is not cohesive , and none of the individual songs make sense or have any appeal . It just does n't feel like much thought was put into the writing of these songs - there is nothing that speaks to me or even sparks my interest . Do n't bother buying it .
 Honestly ! Its sound like they actually tried -LRB- unlike a lot of the so-called music thats out toady -RRB- but there try fell short . This was the first Rock CD I ever bought when I was 11 or somthing . I liked Smooth Criminal and Movie but those were the only tracks on the CD I liked ! Still does not compare to Black Sabbath and AC/DC and various other amazing hard rock acts of the 70s/80s . I feel sorry for them to . What , with there bus driver dieing this album hardly getting noticed and the fact that they ca n't stop saying sweeeeeeeeet ! But just like they would say if they hated their own album
 Along with Crazy Town 's `` The Gift of Game '' this recording is the worst in my extensive collection . Purchased the cd based on the strength of the very good MJ `` Smooth Criminal '' cover , but the rest of the recording is simply a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- . Horrible , horrible , horrible song writing continues to pile up track after track . Frankly , I was embarrassed for myself that I actually purchased this recording . And then , when I thought that it could n't get any worse , I happened upon upon the `` song '' - `` Calico . '' Sweet Mother of all things holy ! I simply could not believe my ears . They actually put this travesty on a record ?! ...
 It hurts me to give a group with such potenial 2 stars . The only track worth listening to is their rendition of `` smooth criminal '' and maybe the track `` Movies '' But this C.D was poorly organized and the sound quality is horrifying might as well just download smooth Criminal on press play just leave this album alone
 O.k Alien at farm released their first single Smooth Criminal this song was great and then i heard another one of their tracks `` wish '' on Tony Hawks Pro Skater 3 and i also thought that this track was great too and then finally they released movies this track also was superb so i decided too by the album ANThology and i was soooooo dissapointed if you by this album you will no what i mean . The songs arent bad but they are just soooooo forgetable and boring if you want my advice i would by some propper metal such as slipknot or cradle of filth . Oh yeah i did forget too mention there are 2 other tracks on this album that are good and thats corauge and death day these tracks are ok and not as forgetable but beleive me once you have listened to this album you 'll but it back on your shelf and never pick it up again . But it is not so bad that you will never listen too it if you are a true fan then you will adore this disk but i am afraid that it is just not for me ;-RRB- .
 I heard the song Smooth Criminsl on the radio and thought it was a good and very catchy song so I been a big Rock Music fan . When I got the C.D i listened to the first song Courage which mistakingly gave me an impression this was going to be a good album . But then the other songs are rubbish such as Movies and are boaring tunes with even worse lyrics Keep Away from this and buy Blink 182 or Puddle of Mudd
 Okay , i can see why a lot of people liked this cd . its like a lotta stuff on the radio , but if youre looking for more songs like `` movies '' youre out of luck . i think that song is so great , and i was really expecting a lot of songs simillar to `` movies '' . but listen to some samples , see what im talking about and make a decision for yourself , after all , who am i to say ?
 Judging by its title , I thought that this is a retrospective album from one of those ` bands ' that have arrived at present who are too young -LRB- or not that credible -RRB- to have a compilation as yet , whence it turns out I just found that they DO have a Greatest Hits album out already.Hence so it goes with this ` band ' who 've titled their album ANThology , in pun to their band name , which is more similar to the likes of the packaging of them black rapper albums would coin for their releases -LRB- that reminds me of a certain attitude defined by Chris Rock on his classic comedy BRING ON THE PAIN as well -RRB- . And hearken - a track in this album comes as something self-confessional -LRB- the song `` Whisper '' -LRB- even the song title seem to tell you something of the industry moguls ' trade secrets -RRB- -RRB- that they are a bunch of manufactured recording ` artists ' who are molded into the shape of what the market have these days for them to sell out in the music industry - and as it went , the song states `` It 's fine by me '' . As it is for all of how crappy things have gone to - like an anti-thesis for what the genre of Rock music is supposed to be in all of what it stood for originally , as an anti-pretense and formality-filled crud , these so-called phoney poser ` bands ' who 've gained ground in the industry today turned out to be the predecessors for what have transpired at present on what the Rock music genre came to be , sadly.They sounded learned in their skill while purveying the formula of how they sounded like , but if depicted by an actor it would be a certain case of bad acting regarding the means that these ` bands ' express themselves , as the genre became commonly acceptable these days , and even more so its that it 's just because that it had become fashionably trendy , and its all so pass ' . Hence goes what Frank Zappa have stated then , `` Stupid is IN '' . They carry on with that same buzz-guitar filled produced sound that are dime-a-double-dozen to be found around , mixing certain elements from a number of bands formulaically who 've been notable from the not-so distant past by the likes of PANTERA , RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE , and SONIC YOUTH . The last bands that I ever really liked to listen to are GOO DOLLS along with them-post Korn bands by the likes of VERTICAL HORIZON -LRB- being not that too notable at all -RRB- . I 've just gone through listening to this album after having played an ` anonymous ' various artist compilation cd called DETOUR -LRB- Universal Records -RRB- , which is half-consisting of the current `` christian bands '' that 've come around these days , and its peculiar that the opener to this one seem to link on having some same lyrical relevance and similarity to the last track on the other said compilation album - an annoying track called `` In The Middle '' by an unknown group called BIG DOG , which speaks of being double minded about something , whence this ALIEN ANT FARM cd even went on with its second track that seems to level on that certain level as well , kinda like a song that 's spoken in the perspective of the Creator.I only gave the knack to check this cd out and took the chance on giving it a listen due to the reason that since these kids have contributed to the Spidey movie soundtrack with a song titled `` Bug Eyes '' -- who 's sequel soundtrack 's the one I 'm going to listen to afterwards writing this little prattle here at this point , which amtter-o ' - factly is definitely going to be another wanna-be so-called rock band phonies ' fest predictably.And I see that the said sequel soundtrack also had a guest appearance of QUEEN 's guitar wiz Brian May , who 've committed some bad career move choices lately , and 've currently appeared with a certain boy-band and on that PEPSI softdrink commercial cheering up among the audiences , wherein `` We Will Rock You '' is being blasphemed over by the likes of Britney Spears , when even its enough of a mistake he allowed that QUEEN track/anthem he wrote be trampled with.What also got me to score this cd is the mere attitude that out of being a regular fan of related genres -LRB- where a lot of wanabe 's have gained ground nowadays -RRB- , whether it 'd be comic books , films and Rock music - that sometimes its just that disposition of being a collector/completist that 'd get you going for the some of them although they are not that authentic to the genre , a feeling that is similar for some of the priests and people in the vatican who would wonder time and time again about why they kept on with what they 're doing in the part of the role that they occupy sometimes.Peculiarly I never knew until I listened and get to hear it that they 're the ones who did that cover of Michael Jackson 's `` Smooth Criminal '' which 's heard around quite well - and its on this cd . I used to be aware of such things before - but its just that I do n't keep track of new bands and stuff these days anymore.The psuedo-glam band DARKNESS came out of the hunger for a very good rock group to come around these days and tried to relive the glory days of Rock music 's rebirth in the eighties by those bands who winded up being labeled as Glam-bands ; but sad to say it never delivered as well ... The rating of 2 stars out of 5 goes for the album packaging credited to a certain P.R. Brown - who 'd have the lyrics printed like strands of DNA.Music-wise
 ANThology by alien ant farm is a sweet album.My favorite songs are Wish , Attitude , and Sticks and stones . This album is great , the guitar and bass are aggressive without being sloppy . The drums are tight too . But best of all , Dryden actually sings , he does n't rap or scream like many other new bands . You should go pick up ANThology today .
 Most one hit wonders at least have enough talent to write the song that gets them noticed . AAF on the other hand copied of all people Michael Jackson , which should tell you something .
 This band pretty much -LRB- stinks -RRB- . Very disappointed with this album . They have zero originality and little talent . I mean -LRB- ... -RRB- , their big single was n't even their own song . Stay away from this -LRB- ... -RRB- and find some good music .
 It was a gorgeous day . The sun was dancing in the sky , the birds carried wonderful melodies this morning , it was THAT day . My 7th Birthday Party , and who to my surprise rolled up right after Bobo the clown , a group called Alien Ant Farm . Yep , they played a rocking 8 song set for my 6 and 7 year old buddies . They literally tore it up . They had to stop after a while though because , Billy spilled his Kool Aid on Jeff , and my mommy had to clean it up , but after no time , they were right back into the kicking set . Only one thing kinda bothered me , i did get a little tired of the 8 different rendition of `` Smooth Criminal '' . There was the version without drums , the version without guitar , the version where nobody played . But , hey , Im not one for complaining , I know a lot of 6 and 7 year olds who would give anything for AAF to play at their birthday parties . Alien Ant Farm for life .
 why is smooth criminal so good ? have you asked yourselves that ? CAUSE ITS A MICHAEL JACKSON SONG FROM 1987 's BAD ALBUM and the original is so much better ! I 'm only giving this one star cause I love smooth criminal , but it 's the original I love , go buy Bad
 -LRB- ... -RRB- THEY HAVE TO BE BY FAR ONE OF THE MOST TALENTLESS REJECTS ON THE MUSIC SCENE TODAY . -LRB- ... -RRB- THESE PEOPLE ARE IN DIER NEED OF A SERIOUS WAKE UP CALL . DONT WASTE YOUR TIME , MONEY , ENERGY , OR GAS TO RUN OUT AND GET THIS UNLESS YOUR A TOTAL LOSER THAT LIKES A BUNCH OF GUYS WITH NO RHYTHM WHAT SO EVER THAT DANCE AROUND LIKE A BUNCH OF RABID MONKEY 'S . I DONT KNOW ANY OF THE BAND MEMBERS NAMES BUT I DO KNOW THEY ACT LIKE TOTAL IDIOTS IN EVERY SINGLE VIDEO THEY MAKE . AND NOT TO MENTION HOW LOW BUDGET HE VIDEOS ARE ... C'MON PEOPLE FOR GOD SAKES . ANYWAY UNLESS YOUR ONE OF THESE BUMBLING IDIOT/COMPUTER NERDS THAT SIT ON THE COMPUTER 22 HOURS OUT OF THE DAY AND SLEEP THE OTHER 2 THEN DONT GET THIS , IF I HAD TO LISTEN TO THIS CD AGAIN ID SERIOUSLY LOOK FOR SOME TYPE OF OBJECT TO SLIT MY WRIST OR MY THROAT WITH . THIS -LRB- ... -RRB- IS PURE TORTURE !!!!!
 BrilliANT this album is not . I made the mistake of choosing to buy this album as it only cost a few more dollars than the single . Now I know why . I love Smooth Criminal , I think it is a sensational version of Michael Jackson 's classic song . Buy the single instead of this album as it 's the only good song on the entire album . When a band you 've never heard of before has it 's first hit with a cover you have to wonder if they 're going to be one hit wonders . I do n't think you have to wonder any more after listening to this album . The other songs are nothing like the style or quality of Smooth Criminal and are really just fillers . The lyrics are included in the cover but formatted in a layout where they are on top of each other making them difficult to read . If they could n't produce a decent CD you 'd think they could atleast get a decent CD cover done . If it 's cheap enough buy the album but if you can find the single somewhere cheaper buy it instead .
 I ca n't believe how ridiculous this band is and how they actually gain money.A cover people , a cover , where the only good song is a sick a $ $ Michael Jackson cover.If that was n't enough , They , lamely even putted a lot of stupid special effects in their Movies hit single video just to make sure people would pay more attention to the band entirely and not only to the smooth criminal cover song.I bet in their next album that they will cover Nirvana ` s Smell Like Teen Spirit for their next single.NEVERMIND them .
 That is what AAF must be saying to themselves right about now . This band came from the same scene that papa roach did and are being put on Papa Roach 's label . This album i think is a good one , but all in all , it sounds like it is too sugar-coated . The production is excellent , every sound the band makes is crystal clear , the bass especially . Anyone into mainstream rock would like this cd , although i would not reccommend it to anyone else !
 That is what AAF must be saying to themselves right about now . This band came from the same scene that papa roach did and are being put on Papa Roach 's label . This album i think is a good one , but all in all , it sounds like it is too sugar-coated . The production is excellent , every sound the band makes is crystal clear , the bass especially . Anyone into mainstream rock would like this cd , although i would not reccommend it to anyone else !
 I used to like this album a lot . But I ca n't stand it now . It 's boring and unoriginal . It brings nothing new to radio . The lyrics do n't make much sense . The bassist is good , some of the songs are listenable . But is just does n't appeal to me . Boring , bland , and just bad . Bad , boring , corporate rock . No . No .
 Anne Sophie Mutter may be one of the top violinists of our day , but the first time I heard part of the recording ... the E major concerto played over my classical radio station ... I honestly thought it was one of the local youth orchestras playing.Later , I checked out out the disc from the library and discovered that the other items on the disc were not much better . Not only are the tempos slow , heavy , and `` plodding , '' but the amount of vibrato is completely excessive for a Baroque violin concerto . I understand that this ponderous sound may be suitable for 19th century music , and that Mutter was perhaps trying to add warmth and profundity to the music . However , in my opinion that attempt was a faliure and the interpretations had little to do with what we know about Bach and his perforamcne practice.Andrew Manze 's recording on period violin is an amazing disc . His performance is filled with energy , spirit , and style
 I was not impressed at all with this performance from master and disciple together and I would say this is ironically the worst for both of them and their both playing together . I would look at other performances before buying this one.Accardo is not really a Bach specialist any more than Manze is a Vivaldi specialist . Accardo 's interpretation sounded like a Vivaldi solo as opposed the mechanically precise works of Bach . Mutter is more proficient in symphonic works from the Romantic period onwards but not Baroque in general . Mutter performed as if she was playing the bare bones of a Bach sonata here and there was simply no life to her performance
 All it takes is the first three bars of one of these concerti to realize that the performance resembles that of an excellent high school orchestra led by an old man , both of whom are afraid of offending anyone by performing something by the revered Master with spirit or personality . A completely forgettable and unessential recording you 'll be grateful to avoid .
 Do n't waste your money on this cd . It 's missing a lot . For example is missing `` Get it While it 's Hot . ''
 ????? no ` cold shower ' ????? no ` ring around rosie ' ???? this is anything BUT ` essential ' ! ... lie like a rug , baby ...
 This CD was the worst waste of money . The music is just plain AWFUL . The background music was tolerable but the singers voice was horrible.Please do n't waste your money !!
 Having read the reviews before me , I expected a lot more - excellent speed & accuracy & killer technique in general . To be sincere , I must admit the guy is technically quite proficient , but by no means I am on my knees . His style is generally quite boring - borrows too much from Cacophony , etc. . Ingenuity is simply lacking here . If you are in for axe wielders , there are far better choices out there , with more catchy melodies , intriguing chops and more interesting compositions . I wanted my brain to be blown away - nothing like that happened .
 Well ... this was not at all what I expected . Maybe I was confused . I was hoping to see a bunch of half dressed , gorgeous women dancing in ways that are barely legal in most foreign countries . What I got was a bunch of low quality recording reggea videos that I could have downloaded myself for much less money and in much higher quality . It does have great cover art though . That had to be the highlight of the purchase . Do n't waste your money as I did .
 The Burn the Black Suit by Juliet Turner is an eclectic collection of songs which define the modern era of black influenced music . Her style is a unique fusion of rap , dance , soul and funk . Rarely has there been someone who can pull together these elements to such great effect - Juilette is that person . In terms of diversity Juliet is right up there with the likes of Michael Jackson . Included on the album are a number of high-profile collaborations with some of the most respected names in hip-hop . Turner has a full package
 This is not Brian McKnight 's best work , in my opinion . Granted , there are some great tracks here -LRB- When Will I See You Again , with Fred Hammond and Love of My Life -RRB- , but I was pretty disappointed ! I expected , I suppose , material similar to that which was on his other cds . I just was n't feeling him on this one . I look forward to his next one , as I 'm still a fan .
 I 'm so disappointed.I 'm a big fan of Brian McKnight , but this album does n't say much . The best song on there is `` Love of My Life '' , which is played on the radio . The rest of the album is a bunch of repetitious slow jams with little personality.Borrow someone else 's before you buy it ...
 This CD completely extinguished my interest in Brian . The grossly overblown production , so shocking after the relative restraint of `` Back At One '' , just ruins the effect of a fantastic voice which he does n't have the discipline to record to best effect or the humility to use with sensitivity .
 Brain Mcknight has Talent but He is also trying to get His `` Ca n't Slow Down '' on.that was Lionel Richie 's Big Cross-over Album.alot of the same trademarks are here as well.nothing really blows me away.what got Lionel Richie over however was His Ability to take chances & yet maintain His Own Idenity but McKnight allows His Influences to Overshadow Him a bit here.at least He tried something a bit different than His Last ALbum but I still Like His First Album far & Away Better than anything on a whole since .
 My sister has this CD . We had to listen to it in the car and I hated it . It 's not even R&B ! Every song on it is a slow song . It 's like GET OVER IT !!!!!
 Wack cd . Low quality producer/s and talent . except for about 2 or 3 artists -LRB- rakim & ken-y being the only reason i gave it 2 instead of 1 stars -RRB- this whole compilation is a complete waste of your time and money . If you value your hard earned money then may i suggest `` Los Kambumbos '' . it is a compilation of high quality produced by dj Jova and it includes a pantheon of quality artists including ; trebol clan , khriz & angel , Nicky Jam , Tito el bambino and more .
 While Riccardo Muti may be one of the premier Verdi conductors in the world today , the effervesence of this light Donizetti comedy almost completely eludes him . The score under his baton becomes quite leaden . He is not helped by the cast ; Mirella Freni was past Norina at this point in her career and she wisely avoids high notes even though she does try to exhibit some of the character 's personality . Gosta Winbergh is adequate as Ernesto while Leo Nucci 's Malatesta tries to bring some life to the proceedings . Sesto Bruscantini is a surprise - his Pasquale is heavy-handed and lumbering
 ami me gustava cafetacuba pero desgrasiadamente nos copio nuestra cansiones escrita por chilenos y cantada por un grupo muy popular en chile ellos nos copia y saca su version mala de nuestra cansiones y porsupuesto la nuestra es mejor.mojor compren cd 's de molotov porlomenos no andan a copiando a cantante de sudamerica .
 After listening to the astonishingly high-energy , zany , and outrageously fun album that is Bizarre Ride II - from heavily-mixed tracks like Soul Flower to technically brilliant pieces like Otha Fish this album was at best a modest effort and at worst a huge disappointment . It was as if suddenly Pharcyde decided that they wanted to build mainstream street cred that they did n't ever need to begin with . So instead of injecting their songs with the usual mix of low-key hysteria and crackling lyrics , we get a rather milquetoast album that bores more than it thrills - they spend half the time talking about how they 're `` real '' as if they are somehow ashamed of their last album being so intensely different ! There are a couple of decent tracks , but in all honesty I never listen to this album anymore . I tried again a year or so ago but when I could listen to Bizarre Ride instead I reach for that one instead . What makes Pharcyde unique and worthy of the hip hop hall of fame is on that album , not this one .
 all i can say is that this sounds just like metalica . and personally i think that metalica is the weakist metal band around . this cd is NOT brutal , this is one of the most non brutal cds i have ever heard . i could fall right asleep listening to this .
 I went crazy when I heard Powerman 5000 had an ENTIRE ALBUM that was unreleased . Rather than waste money buying it , I downloaded the album.It was a major waste of disk space.The intro track was boring , not like the intro tracks for Tonight the Stars Revolt ! or Transform which had important things to say.Danger is Go ! was the only track I liked , probably Bombshell too , but Bombshell gets boring quickly and Danger is Go ! followed the same fate.Spider One is remarkably brilliant for choosing to withold this album from public ears .
 Let 's face it , these songs suck . I 'm a big fan and love their stuff . I thought , `` There has to be at least ONE good track on here , right ? '' WRONGDEAD WRONG . Even the band does n't like theses songs and called them terrible , and that should tell you something . If they had released this as planned , and I bought it as a legitimate album , I would no longer be a fan.Crap is crap , and AFD sure sucks.Die hard fans may own it , but only the delusional will call it `` good '' .
 ok , i know a lot of you dont know whay pm5k released this . . ill tell you why
 The only reason you found this link for an unreleased , discontinued CD is because Anyone For Doomsday ? was cancelled just months before it was to be released . Something about Spider -LRB- PM5K 's lead singer -RRB- not liking how it sounded uninfluenced him . That just goes to show you what Hollywood and fame can do to a band . Suddenly , five guys singing and rocking about silly space themes can just decide they do n't want to release their CD when there 's millions of fans waiting . What ?! The original release for the disc would 've had 13 tracks . Including the popular song `` Bombshell '' , which was featured in the movie ` Evolution ' ; spawning my looking into this disc . Of those 13 songs , I have only heard about seven -LRB- `` Bombshell '' , `` Danger Is Go '' , `` Tomorrow Is Yesterday '' , `` The End Is Everything '' , `` The One And Only '' , `` Wake Up '' , and `` The Future That Never Was '' -RRB- . I got all the songs via downloads , which is the only way you can `` own '' them without paying a boatload on eBay . And if you are looking for a `` rare '' copy , do n't let anyone tell you they have the original artwork . Because there never was any . And most likely they 're just selling a burned copy they downloaded on the internet as well . If there 's not a picture with a promo sticker on it , do n't bid . Either way , my recommendation is do n't bother with Anyone For Doomsday ? . After the brilliant release of Tonight The Stars Revolt ! I looked forward to this CD , and after hearing `` Bombshell '' in ` Evolution ' I could n't wait . Then suddenly it was gone . The album that never was . Why ? Who knows . And as another reviewer so eloquently noted , NONE of these songs made it to Transform , PM5K 's latest 2003 release . This fiasco caused me to lose a lot of respect for Powerman 5000 and lose interest in their music . Oh well , their loss.The two songs `` Bombshell '' and `` Danger Is Go '' are both amazing songs ; in all likelihood Powerman 5000 's two best to date . I know that sounds stupid , but had the entire world been allowed to hear those songs as well , it might be a different story . It 's really a shame . Finally , there is no excuse for not releasing this . Who cares if it 's only 33 minutes long ? Tonight The Stars Revolt ! was only 39 minutes and that was a great CD . And their rarely heard True Force had only seven songs on it . I gave Anyone For Doomsday ? 2 stars for the two great songs you would 've found on it . But in all fairness , I ca n't give it more than that . It does n't actually exist . If you 're a die-hard Powerman 5000 fan , you 've most likely downloaded these songs already . But if you do n't live and die by what Powerman 5000 does -- and what they release -- stick with Tonight The Stars Revolt ! , Mega !! Kung Fu Radio , or even True Force .
 Never heard it but do n't like the concept . Oh by the way the other players are Richard Williams trumpet , Clifford Jordan tenor saxophone , Julian Priester trombone , Mal Waldron piano and Art Davis on bass . according to the Penquin Guide To Jazz Recordings . They praise Williams for his trumpet work but neglect to mention the Chorus and Orchestra.Is this really Jazz ? It could be construed as a Chorus and Orchestra borrowing a some jazz players for their next album , and it should be classified in their section .
 This record is horrible ! I love jazz , but this just is n't anything more than a bunch of noise ... there is no music to be found on this recording ... he just pushes as many keys as he can as fast as he can ... I love John Coltrane but it 's a good thing this was n't the first recording I ever heard of him or I never would have taken a second look ... this is a perfect example of what drugs will do to a person ... they destroy you , just like I 'm going to destroy this album ...
 Oh horrible , horrible , ... most horrible . Save your money unless you are absolutely tone-deaf and have no sense of rhythm -- then it is genius .
 Ok , at long last Public Enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , DJ 's mix there stuff up . Even DJ Spookie 's mix was not that grand . Everything sounds like beats that I discovered in the early 90 's . On the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so I would HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY suggest buying it if only for 54321 BOOM which is perhaps one of the best PE tracks ever to come out ! Not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest I 've heard yet!And for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . Infact I LOVE the new PE -LRB- Whirl Odor -RRB- even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats -LRB- they are very multi-layered -RRB- and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world -LRB- lyness -RRB- .
 The sample segments on the website are misleading . Virtually every cut on the CD is very dissonant ... not what I would have expected from the website sampler .
 I was contacted by the vendor to be told that this is not the CD of the show , but the LP . He shared with me that there was no way of stating on the description that this was the album because of the way the products are presented on amazon.com . I was grateful that he got in touch with me , and he graciously canceled the charge . There must be a clearer way of saying exactly what kind of recording is being offered . I would have been pretty upset had I received a record rather than a compact disc .
 I 'll admit , I purchased this CD thinking I was a Brak Fan . Do n't get me wrong - I watched Cartoon Planet every week for months straight , then Space Ghost Coast To Coast after CP got shafted.As for this album
 My husband bought this for our 8 and 5 yr old boys after hearing the song `` Highway 40 '' on the radio . While that song and others are funny and enjoyable , there are numerous uses throughout the album of words like stupid , idiot , butt and other words I do n't want my kids listening to or repeating . Especially the 5 yr old . Would n't recommend this for young kids .
 These girls are undeniably talented and passionate . Unfortunately that rarely comes through on this album . They sound like 100 other acts , which is n't a good thing . The lyrics range from the poetic -LRB- `` like a silent bullet from a smoking gun / and in a silent moment you left me stunned '' -RRB- to the grammatically awful -LRB- `` you do n't let no one get too close '' -RRB- while the the drum machines and synthesizers conspire to remove all traces of warmth from their voices . Once Mulberry Lane learns the axiom that `` less is more , '' they 'll start making interesting music . As it stands , they sound like nothing more than Wilson Phillips on a bad day . Plenty of room for improvement and the talent to get there .
 The worst CD of any genre I 've ever heard . What is it ? Why is it ? People pay money for this ? Even druged-up you 'd complain to turn it off !
 I ca n't belive how bad this cd is.Thank God for Billy Branch , Carl Weathsby and Larry McCray , the only three songs worthy of a listen.Who decided that Robert Johnson Tribute songs should be done as a dance mix ?? This is a piece of trash .
 What did the producers of this think?These artists are great and there is a layer to this album that is great . But it sounds to me like the production team went in and added techno drum machines and strange 80 's synth overtones.Yet the raw music laid down by the artists is still there . It 's hard to overlook the strange production on this album . I would rank it 2 stars because under all this strange studio techno stuff there is some real music . Such a shame because Joanna Conner is an incredible musician and so is Larry and Carl and the others.Just not sure what they were thinking by tossing in this techno edge to some of the best blues tracks ever written . I think that Robert is rollin in his grave .
 This cd is the first cd that I paid good money for and i actually `` THREW IT AWAY '' . Nuff said .
 There is absolutely no reason to buy this album . I consider myself a moderate fan of Mad Cobra 's , the faster he goes , the better he is , but this album is just ... I do n't know , something is wrong with it . There is a song called Big Long John which is certainly nothing special , and then there is the remix , Mo ' Big Long John . Hello ! Why remix a bad song , the remix is worse . Ninja Man 's verse on Sting Night is horrible , and I need not say anything else on that one . If buy some horrible tragedy , you should happen to encounter this , turn and run immediately .
 I picked this up in a store because of the subtitle -LRB- Crystal Illumination -RRB- . I thought this was a CD of crystal singing bowls . This CD was meant to be added to others that I use for qigong and meditation , however I found it inappropriate because of sudden , louder music that startled me . If you are looking for some meditation music I recommend looking elsewhere . Two chakra CDs I like are Paul Baker 's `` The Ladder of the Soul '' -LRB- relaxing -RRB- ; and Layne Redmond 's `` Chanting the Chakras . '' -LRB- energizing -RRB- .
 This company is misleading music consumers by calling their product Original Recordings Remastered instead of ORIGINAL MASTER RECORDING - the trademark of Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab . Buyer BEWARE ! Get the real thing on ULTRADISC UHR by Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab .
 Does n't compare to his first kids CD , which is so much fun to listen to , especially for the kids ; this selection just does n't get my 4 yr old & 2 yr old going . My kids enjoy singing along & enjoy songs that they can relate to . Ones that are silly and they can easily understand that the song is trying to be silly . Even I was bored by the selection as I was hoping for some toe-tapping songs to sing along with . I love Lithgow , but this CD collects dust .
 Like several of the other reviewers , I have many recordings of Strauss ' Four Last Songs . Eaglen has a lovely instrument that is , at least as I hear it , devoid of any emotion whatsoever . She sings all the notes correctly , takes all the crescendos and diminuendos , etc. , but I still do n't hear any passion . I felt the same way when she sang Isolde in Chicago this past year . I sometime think she 's only putting in her time , picking up her pay check , and then going home . I wo n't go out of my way to hear her again , either live or via recording .
 Jane Eaglen 's voice lacks the kind of sensuous quality and bloom required in this repertoire . Her singing is dry and square , and is without much charm . The accompaniment is of mediocre quality .
 This album is disappointing , for Jane Eaglen 's does n't have the style , and in certain cases the voice , for these songs . Her singing is often bland and and bloodless and she does n't possess requisite vocal heft in some of the climaxes.I do n't think Eaglen is that suitable to this repertoire .
 Despite the fact that Jane Eaglen can produce some beautiful sounds , her version of the Four Last Songs is not competitive for it can not be compared to the versions by Schwarzkopf , Janowitz or even Te Kanawa . The Wesendonck Lieders here are boringly sung . Certainly not a top recommendation .
 Sorry for the silly title ... no great emergency here , but somehow the pieces are wrongly labeled in the mp3 download section . What is labeled as suite no. 2 is actually suite no. 3 and vice versa . I 've seen cd 's w / inaccurate mp4 information on the tracks before , so that may be what happened here .
 Actually , the song from the house robbery is `` 7 & 7 's '' , by the Ramones from the album Acid Eaters . Another song unlisted and also hard to find is a Love cover-song called `` Anything '' , performed by the Damned .
 Whoever designed this program with Hendrick 's voice in mind - a creamy soprano - knew what they were doing . Mozart-wise , all of the best lollipops for such a timbre are here . It should have been a meeting with destiny , underwritten by the expertise of Sir Neville Marriner and the ASMF . Sadly , the EMI recording-engineers let the team down and abjectly so . The performers are backwardly set in a hazy acoustic . There is no presence whatsoever and Hendricks sounds like she is gargling from the bottom of the swimming pool.Only the Devil wants you to purchase this recital .
 I am one of the biggest El Chicano fans.This album is not worth having.The two good songs can be found on the best of CD.However theirb first 4 albums are great .
 1 . I have over 20 CD of lute music of the 15th to 18th centuries . 2 . This CD was a gift . 3 . The selections are monotonous and pompous and boring . 4 . The engineering is uninspired . 5 . The notes are ` groovy ' and uninformative . 6 . The local 11 year old has branded this CD ` sad ' .
 `` Tormenta de Fuego '' by Ruben Romero and Lydia Torea is the only stand-out cut . The rest is bottom of the barrel , boring stuff , not even worth $ 6 I paid for it.There are plenty of other Flamenco collections much better than this.I say skip it .
 ... but my appreciation for this band is highly unorthodox . I like the _ sound _ on PSYCHOCANDY , but do n't think the songs themselves are really that great , even though it 's still widely considered to be their best album . My favorite J&MC ; record by far is HONEY 'S DEAD with its killer guitar & feedback washes , pounding dance beats and , above all , mostly great songs . Second favorite would be the laid-back , super-cool strum-fest singalongs on STONED AND DETHRONED . To be perfectly honest , it 's been several years since I 've heard AUTOMATIC as I basically dismissed it as not worth returning to with so much other great music around I still wanted to hear . Only `` Head On '' remains notable in my mind as it was covered by one of my old favorites , The Pixies.So I do n't expect many people to share my exact opinions of this band , but I think it 's kinda useless the way so many on this forum vote that a review is `` not helpful '' because it does n't exactly mirror their particular opinions . Maybe this little review will point some people in a worthwhile direction for them if they can appreciate an unusual but sincere point of view .
 Compared to all other J&MC albums , this one stands out as the most banal and 2-dimensional . This album was produced by suits . End of story.There is no question that a reasonable album was cut in the studio and a bunch of remix jockeys massaged it into something that pandered to the lowest common denominator . Psychocandy had none of that and was a large commerical success - why the label decided that could not be replicated , I could not tell you.Muscially there are some very interesting elements in this work , but they have had all the rough edges sanded down . If you are looking for J&MC albums that are creative and push the edges of music , listen to Psychocandy and Munki.While I * do * enjoy listening to this album , keep in mind it is J&MC work in an `` Elevator Music '' warpper.Annoying and dissappointing .
 I LOVE Vivaldi 's Four Seasons ... so much so that I have a collection of Four Seasons recordings , and honestly this is the worst recording of it that I have ever purchased ! Sure Perlman is a great violinist with peerless technique -LRB- I 'm a big Perlman fan myself -RRB- , but that alone wo n't make a good performance . He rushes through all the passages here , and the tone is so cold and detached . No exuberance or drama , just a bunch of notes played in a cool , detached manner on the violin and backed up with an equally lifeless orchestra . Even worse , in the slow movement of the Spring Concerto , Perlman 's violin solos are so loud as to almost totally block out the orchestral accompaniment , which is pretty mediocre anyways . Moreover , the concertos lack character to the point that they all felt like one piece rather than four separate concertos with three movements each . No singing birds here . Somehow the sun does n't shine in these seasons , the wind does n't blow , and the autumn leaves are all dull colors . I was so disappointed that I sold this CD to a used CD store!There are plenty of better modern instruments recordings out there . Almost anything is better than this performance . But for the real Four Seasons , at least the best one that I have heard so far , my vote goes to Trevor Pinnock/English Concert with Simon Standage on the violin -LRB- this is a period instruments recording -RRB- . It has so much more LIFE and BEAUTY with breathtaking , magnificent , gorgeous violin solos by Simon Standage .
 Mullova used to be one of my favorite young violinists , worthy follower of her teacher , the great Leonid Kogan . Until this mediocre , sickly pale recording , almost completely lacking in energy , originality and drive.When I first listened to the Stravinsky , it was n't in full - I only listened to a fragment of the second movement , and was impressed by its playfulness . Since then I have tried and tried to like the rest of it , to make that first impression a self-fulfilling prophecy , but no , no matter how hard I tried the slow tempos - like an average of that of the S&aacute;cre - that barely challenge the soloist -LRB- the allusion is to the conveyor-belt people movers in airports -RRB- , and add to the sluggishness and lack of imagination of the piece 's theme development , bore me to a degree comparable only to that achieved by purely atonal music . Whatever child-like magic the piece achieves in few and far in between fragments is lost amid the indolent drive and morose development.And here comes Mullova and Salonen to add to the overall drabness and artitistico-ideological grayness with an interpretation so weak , so utterly lacking in passion and desire to experiment , that the performance has the singular merit of neither putting me to sleep -LRB- the sheer ugliness of its banality prevents that -RRB- or keeping my ears pricked up with curiosity and a desire for more . The talent and energy I had noticed in Mullova 's interpretation of the Tchaikovsky -LRB- also with Salonen -RRB- is nowhere present here - instead the violin turns into a mosquito in the upper registers , where lies , in my not too humble opinion , one of the basic tests of violin virtuosity . That Mullova ca n't perform up to par even with steamroller tempos is one hell of a disappointment , the size of a weather ballon being pricked with heavy AA fire.When the time came for the Bart&oacute;k , my hopes were high - Bart&oacute;k is not as a chilly a modernist as the overrated Stravinsky , presiding &eacute;minence gris of American music for God knows how many decades -LRB- that is , even after death -RRB- , hanging like a gray winter day over music schools , newspapers and concert halls . But it was as chilly as the Stravinsky , with as little drive and passion , tempo modulation resembling the droning push of a water mill , and challenges to the virtuoso that barely surpass those expected of a concertmaster in Strauss ' Ein Heldeleben . And the un-dynamic duo that flattened the already crumpled Stravinsky do the same with this work , with the same passion for turning music into flavorless porridge.So Hahn , Shaham , Salerno-Sonenberg , Chang - say hello to your new comrade , youngish in the business , but already performing as if 5 years past retirement ! Should Mullova put her bow down like a replica samurai sword on a horizontal stand , to perform a merely visual aesthetical purpose ; lend her million dollar violin to the next generation , and dedicate the rest of her life to the raising of her family and silent contemplation of her past achievements ? I really hope not - instead , that circumstance -LRB- health , worries -RRB- overwhelmed her and hurt her playing in this recording . Salonen 's pallid conducting ca n't be blamed for her poor sound production , as I have listened to Mullova 's own mentor Kogan play the Tchaikovsky as well as usual with an unsurprisingly inept , bureaucratic French orchestra under a maestro that gave the whole work something like a tempo buffo or worse - ubriaco .
 I wish the previous reviewers had mentioned that this recording of Bartok 's Second Violin Concerto has the original ending , and not the amazing final cadenza which is the highlight of the whole piece . -LRB- That information would have saved me nineteen bucks ! -RRB- And though I am not a psychiatrist , I say that any violinist would have to be insane to want to omit that final cadenza.Viktoria -LRB- sic -RRB- , please seek professional help .
 Delta Rain is by far the best song of the Blessing . Skip this , buy Prince of the Deep Water .
 I bought the `` In Conversation '' cd and after reading most of the reviews I do n't know if I should open the cd or return it - HELP !
 Not bad for what it is , but too many reviews here have been misleading . It 's a typical interview CD . The band gets interviewed over breakfast while on tour in Australia . Yawn . Save you money .
 This is Offspring 's worst cd . There is no music ! Its just a recorded interview . I love the Offspring and I hate to dis them but this cd is totally stupid .
 I do not know what the guy that gave this 5 stars is talking about.Obvoiusly he did not really buy this CD.There is NO music on it.End of story.That is it.NO music.The CD does not even get all the words they say.When you buy a CD you want No sound mistakes.This CD has a few of them.Only Buy this if you are a Die-Hard Offspring fan like me.Otherwise stear Clear . -LRB- Keep in mind The Offspring did not really put this out.It was that company.Not even Sony or Nitro.So do n't blame them -RRB-
 I just bought this CD a while ago . Do n't make the samemistake ! I was one of the first to buy it and fell under the sameimpression that it was a music CD . It was just a boring interview ! ... The only reason I gave it any stars at all , is because its about the Offspring . Save your money for something worth it , and check their old stuff like Ignition ... It 's a little more punk and was made before they were really discovered .
 Do n't buy the cd ! The guy that gave it 5 stars does n't know what he 's talking about . I also believe that the guy gave it 5 stars TWICE . If you do want a good offspring cd , go with SMASH , Offsprings best . I think you should get `` out of Conversation ''
 This new Offspring CD is awful . I had Smash and Americana , and I decided to buy their new CD , and what a disappointment . There is hardly any music and the whole thing just sucks . That Lithyumm guy who wrote the review after mine is right . Do n't buy this CD if you value your ears .
 Do n't buy the cd ! The guy that gave it 5 stars does n't know what he 's talking about . I also believe that the guy gave it 5 stars TWICE . If you do want a good offspring cd , go with SMASH , Offsprings best . I think you should get `` out of Conversation ''
 Ahaha . The guy who gave this CD 5 stars is probably just an Amazon employee trying to get some of the product sold . Stay away from this CD , there 's no music .
 I hate this!There is no music at all.Its just a boring interview cd.Its just an interview you listein to!I bought it because it was a bargain , I thought it would be worth it ... But no!It ... Do not buy it .
 The second review and the fourth review were obviously written by the same person . They both are written by `` a music fan '' one saying from moscow , the other from michigan . They also both use the word rhythm in the praising the music . On the form to write a review , they ask where you are from , giving moscow as an example . That is the clear reason why he said he was from moscow . He must have been offended that someone wrote a bad review after his good one , so he decided to write another good one . Do n't trust it !
 John Coltrane may be the most influential and important voice in jazz after Charlie Parker , but many of the concerts he gave 1965-67 , as well as the recording dates from that period , are not the way I prefer to remember him . Because of the success of truly great albums like Kind of Blue , Giant Steps , My Favorite Things , A Love Supreme , Impressions , and Transition , his concerts were sold-out events . But I recall that on three occasions the house was less than half full by the end of the concert . Alice had replaced McCoy , and John usually sought additional musical stimulus from the likes of Archie Shepp and Pharoah Sanders . These were less musical concerts than `` happenings '' during which the musicians would linger all night on a single `` tune , '' attempting to get beyond the strictures of musical form altogether in the quest for spiritual rapture . Unfortunately , the results , from the listeners ' vantage point , were frequently sonic mayhem and total boredom . But for many Coltrane disciples , especially inferior tenor players , this was the ultimate Coltrane , a license to abandon tonality and technique in the quest for `` freedom . '' Coltrane was one of the most recorded instrumentalists in the history of jazz , and 90 % of his output justifies his later canonization . But the same can not be said for efforts such as this late Vanguard date . Unlike the ever-vital `` Live at Birdland '' which preceded it , this album is a curious period piece unlikely to be played through more than once by most discerning listeners and musicians . Start with the aforementioned albums , and then work backward through the Prestige recordings , before giving this one a thought .
 I 'd read so much about the `` Electric Ballroom '' gig before I ever heard it that I was very excited when I finally got this CD and popped it in my stereo . I wanted to hear what was it that made this gig really famous . I could n't really hear anything at all , as it turns out . Seriously , I 've heard 4th generation bootlegs that sound better than this , and I ca n't help asking myself `` Why did they bother ? '' . Not to rip on Wire or the individual members , mind you , as they are , quite simply , one the best bands that ever existed . This particular album , however , is for completists and/or masochists only .
 This curiosity , the only live entry in the Wire canon , is the antipathy of the stadium live opus despised by these art school graduates on a punk rock mission . Sounding almost wholly improvised , this smorgasbord of decaying power pop and art gallery installations is at best chaotic , at worst narcissistic in its own sense of post punk artrock indulgence . Impossible to single out songs , but titles include
 Though I appreciate all of Wire 's studio-albums from the late 70 's to the early 90 's , I never liked their live-performances . This is because they often turned their great pop-songs into a dissonant , chaotic goulash of sound . This CD-compilation , recorded at three various locations , Notre Dome Hall , Montreux and Electric Ballroom , is completely unlistenable for `` normal '' people . If any unknown band had served this , nobody would have noticed , but here the critics said : `` Oh Wire , this is fabulous art-school-punk ! '' You may call the performances on this album `` experimental '' , but I really do n't know why this gig made such waves . I only give two points , because there are two good studio-recordings thrown in at the end , they 're called `` Our swimmer '' and `` Midnight Bahnhof Cafe '' . But they 're not worth buying this album .
 I 'm a great fan of Guiomar Novaes and think she 's not known and appreciated as she ought to be . Also , the playing on these discs is wonderful . So why do I give it only two stars ? The SOUND ! The selections from the Town Hall recital are all from deteriorated acetate discs , and the sound quality ranges from bad to gawdawful , which means all of one disc and part of another . The record company is kind enough to warn you about this on the cover , but I figure that Amazon customers need a similar warning . So I do n't recommend this unless you absolutely have to have everything ever recorded by Novaes .
 The last 20 years or so have been a NEW Golden Age of Lute playing . As the students of Paul O'Dette and Hoppy Smith reach maturity and make their own ways , the catalogue has swelled with gorgeous interpretations of the still largely unknown literature for the Lute . Germany in particular has been blessed with a number of interesting musicians who have provided some stunning and creative programs . It was in the hope that I might discover another Luz Kirchof or Konrad Junghanel that I sampled this disc from Joachim Held . Well , sadly this was a turgid journey . I had particular hopes for both the Muffat and Biber transcriptions . However , Herr Held was simply unable to shape an engaging listening experience . The tempo in the Biber was so unfocused that it was nearly impossible to discern the theme of the passacaglia and the Muffat -LRB- an arrangement from his Concerto Grosso in G Major - one of the high water marks of the era ! -RRB- was similarly somnolent.The recording quality is similarly monochromatic and there is scarcly any variation in dynamics or artculation - despite having several exnteded suites that include a variety of dances and `` gallantries . '' Sadly , Herr Held has provided no Held-enleben here .
 I was playing my favorite Mike Oldfield album for my brother , and he said it sounded like Brian Eno , and I said I 've never heard anything by him . So I read most of the reviews here about how excellent this album is and decided to make this my first Brian Eno purchase.Boy was I disappointed . Admittedly I 've only heard the album through once -LRB- I forced myself -RRB- , but I found it totally lacking in musical ideas . It is background mood music when you do n't really want to listen to the music but just have its ambience felt . There is no rhythm -- just sound.If you want good alternative music to listen to , get ANY Mike Oldfield album . I suggest `` Music of the Spheres '' , `` Tubular Bells 2 '' , or `` Amarok '' .
 If you are thinking of punishing your neighbors you should buy this album and play this at full volume . Actually , the same goes if you are looking to punish yourself . Ridiculous music by ridiculous people . Save your money .
 I am currently laughing hard enough to soil myself . No , not because of the `` humor '' in the lyrics , but because I just realized that what I 'm listening to is actually a sincere effort to make music and not to scare away stray animals . Now I know what I can play for a good Halloween soundtrack .
 This CD was one of the first CDs I purchased after I switched from vinyl . I had been used to an older RCA Victrola recording with Reiner and the Chicago Symphony of the three Roman Tone Poems . I have been a frequent traveller to Rome all my life and when I first listened to these splendid works I associated my personal experiences with Respighi 's orchestral visions . I was really disappointed by this recording , so much so that I only played it a few times after I realized that I did not like Muti 's heavily personalised rendition of these works I knew so well . To my mind this was a young conductor 's recording . Muti takes the orchestra at a breakneck pace and they do brilliantly to keep up with him . It seems as if he wants to see how fast the works will go or they felt they would be stretched in getting all three works on one CD . He is a true modern interpreter , shearing off the dated romantic ` excess ' that people of his generation feel as de trop . Thus , the luscious side of Respighi 's orchestration , that sensual impressionistic inheritance from Debussy is lost or at least diluted in the orchestral flight and certain details of Respighi 's score are lost due to the breakneck speed of the performance which does n't allow the listener to comprehend them in real time . This is not only apparent in Respighi 's slower episodes either . For example , in the coda and close of the Feste Romane . Here Respighi takes his orchestral mastery to a new height , depicting the revelries of the Befana festival . The garish effects are created by Respighi laying several layers of orchestral coat which are played at different speeds first . The orchestral climaxes are capped by swirling woodwind and its effect on me at the very end is to sit silently and say inwardly , ` Wow ! ' This recording focused primarily on the acceleration and pace of the work to the detriment of the colouristic and harmonic detail . Therefore my searching ear did not pick up those choice subtle pieces of Respighi 's depiction of this bacchanal . At first , I assumed that the reason I preferred the Reiner was that I had heard it first and knew the reading . However , on subsequently hearing the Decca version by Dutoit and the Orchestre symphonique de Montreal released in the 1980s I realised this was not the case . This was better than the Reiner version in both recording quality -LRB- of course -RRB- and interpretation . Dutoit reveals the pure Latin intensity of this romantic music . He languishes in its sensuality . The Gregorian melodies are magnificent . The brass is blazing . If you want to hear the true glories of the music and not behold the lionised ego of a world famous conductor do not buy this version . I would suggest that you invest in a copy of the Dutoit who understands the balance in Respighi 's works and brings out the detail without losing the clarity that Respighi , a student of Rimsky-Korsakov , wanted you to hear . I have a copy of this CD if anybody wants it for I never play it .
 The CD was ok but it was nothing spectacular . I would not recommend purchasing this CD , I was quite disappointed with it .
 although parkening 's a fine musician , his audible grunting and moaning ruin this recording . you 'd think the engineers would have a bit more of a clue when it comes to mic placement . pass this one up .
 This album is absolutely horrible . Christopher Parkening is by far the most overated guitarist of the century . The only people who like him do n't have any clue of what real classical guitar playing is really like and they just like him because Segovia was his teacher . Segovia 's time has passed now and technique and repetiore has changed drastically but Parkening still records the same peices Segovia did and still uses the same out dated technique . He also puts no expression into the music . To him it is just dots on a page . To me music is the composer letting out their inner feelings and speaking a language , a language that we guitarists need to interpret . Parkening does not do so . If you want to hear a real guitarist play listen to Richard Savino . I went to one of his concerts and it was incredible .
 This album is absolutely horrible . Christopher Parkening is by far the most overated guitarist of the century . The only people who like him do n't have any clue of what real classical guitar playing is really like and they just like him because Segovia was his teacher . Segovia 's time has passed now and technique and repetiore has changed drastically but Parkening still records the same peices Segovia did and still uses the same out dated technique . He also puts no expression into the music . To him it is just dots on a page . To me music is the composer letting out their inner feelings and speaking a language , a language that we guitarists need to interpret . Parkening does not do so . If you want to hear a real guitarist play listen to Richard Savino . I went to one of his concerts and it was incredible .
 Ok , I appreciate the positive reviewers ' attempts to put a nice spin on this record , and I do think Wire was trying to do something good , and I do think there are isolated striking sounds and songs , but it really is a pretty lame record on the whole . I have nothing against electronic pop , but the songs are just not really interesting , and the overall feel is pretty silly . I disagree with the reviewer who suggested this compares favorably to New Order . Through the album Technique , New Order had much better , and much more emotionally evocative songs . Arguably , Manscape at times sounds a bit like New Order from the album Republic on , which is not a compliment . Again , I do n't knock Wire for doing something completely different , but this really is not a good record .
 I love just about everything this band ever did and all the side projects too , but this thing is an atrocity . I suspect that it 's some kind of art prank on their part . `` What if we made an intentionally ... album . If nobody listened to it , would it still exist ? ''
 I guess they had to make an attempt at a polished , noise-free album , but it just does n't work for me , try as I might . Although track 4 , `` Other Moments '' ranks among their best -LRB- pulsing and hypnotic with a faraway guitar plea -RRB- , most others struggle for any kind of personality in a sea of synth blandness . They still have the mastery of making great percussive noises with keyboard rhythms and pulses -LRB- as in many of Colin Newman 's solo works -RRB- but they should have known better than to put WIRE on the cover . Disappointing from any angle , even with titles like `` Children of Groceries . ''
 John Coltrane may be the most influential and important voice in jazz after Charlie Parker , but many of the concerts he gave 1965-67 , as well as the recording dates from that period , are not the way I prefer to remember him . Because of the success of truly great albums like Kind of Blue , Giant Steps , My Favorite Things , A Love Supreme , Impressions , and Transition , his concerts were sold-out events . But I recall that on three occasions the house was less than half full by the end of the concert . Alice had replaced McCoy , and John usually sought additional musical stimulus from the likes of Archie Shepp and Pharoah Sanders . These were less musical concerts than `` happenings '' during which the musicians would linger all night on a single `` tune , '' attempting to get beyond the strictures of musical form altogether in the quest for spiritual rapture . Unfortunately , the results , from the listeners ' vantage point , were frequently sonic mayhem and total boredom . But for many Coltrane disciples , especially inferior tenor players , this was the ultimate Coltrane , a license to abandon tonality and technique in the quest for `` freedom . '' Coltrane was one of the most recorded instrumentalists in the history of jazz , and 90 % of his output justifies his later canonization . But the same can not be said for efforts such as this late Vanguard date . Unlike the ever-vital `` Live at Birdland '' which preceded it , this album is a curious period piece unlikely to be played through more than once by most discerning listeners and musicians . Start with the aforementioned albums , and then work backward through the Prestige recordings , before giving this one a thought .
 For less than half the cost of this disc , you can get the EMI releaseJoplin
 This is a perfect example of why those with classical sensibilities should stay far away from the performance of popular music . Anyone who has ever heard a classically trained vocalist destroy a Gershwin or Lennon/McCartney ballad knows what I am talking about . If you do not know what you are doing , stay away ! Leaving aside the question as to why Scott Joplin , a great ragtime composer , has been taken over by the classical crowd as if he was one of them , I would love to know what in Perlman 's past musical career made him think that he could swing along with Scott . What was once jaunty and infectiously rhythmic is now ponderous . What was once happy-go-lucky is now dull and lifeless . What was once music to be heard on a smiling summer day with one arm full of cotton candy and the other with a newfound love is now music to be endured in a tuxedo in some stuffy concert hall that no one but the very rich can afford . Joplin 's music should skip and dance along with utter joy . Perlman and Previn have neither the beat nor the joy of it . A simple and elegant piece like `` Solace '' becomes a bloated monstrosity under their heavy hands . A travesty .
 I was looking forward to this for awhile , and I have been to many W13 shows . The sound quality on this is horrible . It sounds like he has a cross between laryngitis and a cold . Only get if you LOVE W13 .
 Two of my favorite CDs in the last couple of years were `` Obrigado Brazil '' and `` In Full Swing '' by Yo Yo Ma and Mark O'Connor respectively . I found both of those CDs to be fine examples of genre-busting joyful music making . So when I saw these guys paired here , I snapped it up . Unfortunately , I was disappointed.The music throughout most of the CD sounds too labored , too studied . It is , frankly , not that inspiring . The playing throughout is , of course , of the highest calibre and the recorded sound excellent . But there is no hint of the exhuberance of Folk or Bluegrass which is the supposed inspiration for the disc . The guest spots by James Taylor and Alison Krauss are good but they sound like outtakes from their own CDs , these songs are out of context here . -LRB- But note how many other Amazon reviews reference their contributions as reasons for loving the CD . Perhaps so many five star ratings because these people need broader musical exposure ? -RRB- Too many critics over intellectualize . I base my ratings on one simple criterion
 Having purchased other Yo-Yo Ma music and being a fan of Appalachian music I was excited to listen to this CD . Yawn ! This Cd start off slowly , gets slower , and then by that point your so bored it does n't matter . Will be returning this CD to Amazon for credit .
 The refreshing soprano of Alison Krauss brightens an otherwise dark and moody selection of antique airs . Ma , Meyer & O'Connor basically are just noodling around the supposed melody line with a vast array of odd-tempo and unrelated
 I suppose you will enjoy this if you really like Yo-Yo Ma at his most boring . This is glorified elevator music and about as interesting .
 Yo-Yo Ma tries but , at least in this recording , he fails to grasp the organic nature of the folk pieces he is playing . It 's like a cliche academic study from a second rate movie -- the notes are right , but the music is all wrong.I wanted to like it , but I do n't .
 Guy made two of my favorite New Jack Swing albums ever with1988 's `` Guy '' and 1990 's `` The Future '' . I mean come on , Guy had thetotal package ! A powerful lead vocalist -LRB- Aaron Hall : who as far as I 'm concerned does n't get the credit he 's due -RRB- , a genius producer -LRB- Teddy Riley : who simply revolutionized modern R&B as we know it -RRB- , and a silent member who could dance -LRB- Damien Hall : who released asolo album in 1994-I wonder if it 's out-of-print -RRB- . They were , most defintly , the best R&B group of the New Jack Era -LRB- 1988-early 1993 -RRB- . So when I heard Guy were reuniting , I was esatic!I mean , one of the hottest groups of the N.J.E. coming back to get their glory , this had to be too good to be true!And at the time -LRB- February 2000 -RRB- when Guy were coming back together , there was a real void for a good male R&B group -LRB- Dru Hill were beefin ' , Jagged Edge were n't that big YET , andJodeci and Boyz II Men were M.I.A. -RRB- . But unfourtnaly , `` Guy III '' - their third album overall as a group-wasn ' t the groundbreaking album that their two previous LPs were.The music is very dated and uninspired.Teddy sounds like his does n't want to produce and it shows-BIG TIME . `` Do It '' and `` Teddy 's Jam III '' sound like Guy outtakes from 1990 ! -LRB- I was very unhappy about `` Teddy Jam 's III '' being so weak because the last two were off the hook ! -RRB- The trite ballad `` Love Online '' is a tepid affair and the pointless `` 2004 '' should 've been retitled `` 1991 '' because that ` sthe year it sounds like it was recorded!Yet , underneath all the weak tracks , `` Guy III '' has it 's moments.The ballad `` Why You Wan na Keep Me From My Baby '' shows AaronHall 's thick voice in exellent shape.This song is very emotionaltoo , you can hear the pain is Aaron 's voice . `` Why You Wan na ... `` ranks up there with Aaron 's '93 smash `` I Miss You '' as some of his best moments.Another great moment is the breezy mid-tempo track `` Dancin ' '' . Not groundbreaking , but still inspired.Nice little mellow beat.I like this one -LRB- it this set 's intial first single , too ! -RRB- So there we go , `` Guy III '' sounds like a stale , dated affair.Not the fresh , classic tracks we 're used to but hey , at least , they tried to make a comeback.P.S. : One Question : When is Aaron gon na release another solo album ?!!!
 I am disappointed in the albums nowadays that only have one or two cuts on them that are good and the rest are garbage . So when I heard that GUY was getting back together to do another album I was like hell yeah ! But low and behold another disappointment . I just refused to believe that Teddy is losing his touch , but after listening to this and the last Blackstreet album it makes me wonder . I hate to second guess my boy Teddy , but I know this album could have , and should have been better .
 If I had to limit my review to one word , it would be disappointment . But since I can elaborate , I will . I waited 10 years for these guys to create magic again , and they did n't deliver . In my opinion , the best track on the whole CD is Dancin ' -- and it 's marginal at best . The rest of CD sounds like Blackstreet struggling to put out another attempt at success . The ballads do n't even come close to being as good as Piece of My Love , Let 's Chill , Goodbye Love or even some of the Blackstreet 's ballads . Overall , I 'm glad they got back together , but in the future I hope they can recapture the inspiration and magic they put into their first two albums -- when they were hungry for success .
 Teddy , Teddy , Teddy ... Guy 's been too gone , too long . Listen , `` Guy # 1 '' with the introduction to New Jack Swing was groundbreaking . `` The Future '' marked independence from ownership and writing battles and was really , really great ... the three Blackstreet albums were great , but this misses the mark a little bit ... maybe we 're `` new jack saturated '' or were expecting something a little more radical from ya ... I dunno . That Roger/Zapp rip on `` Teddy 's Jam III '' was bearing a little on the distasteful side to me ... maybe you coulda waited longer to put this one out ... it will probably go gold or platinum , but I , a long time fan , feel let down .
 I had high expectations for this reunion and I must say that I have n't been this disappointed over a CD since Prince 's '' Emancipation '' ! This one really broke my heart ! Not one song got my attention and it was as mediocre as it can be ! Aaron Hall and Teddy Riley were great with their solo projects after the group sadly broke up , but they got back together to make this drivel ? I remember back in the day when my girls and I would go crazy whenever we heard '' Let 's Chill '' -LRB- a stone cold classic ! -RRB- , '' Teddy 's Jam '' , and `` Groove Me '' . I just have to play those old gems while I wait patiently for their next project . BRING MY BOYS BACK PLEASE !
 i have been a guy fan for the past 12 yrs , but this is just one of the greatest album disappointments i 've had during this period . the ONLY song worth the original guy is `` dancing '' and that just barely passes pls do n't buy this c.d if you 're a true guy fan !
 Guess my title says it all . I actually took this back to the store - my first time ever doing that . I exchanged it for Donell Jones - A MUCH BETTER PICK ! This stuff is pretty tired and seems a bit overproduced . Plus , ... why are n't there any slow songs like before or that has Aaron the crooner producing ? Is n't he the master of that genre and at least we could expect 1 cool slow groove from them . Buy it for nostalgia sake , ... not for the tunes . I was really disappointed . If I had to stretch I would say that you could listen to the gospel inspired `` Someday '' until heaven exists on earth . Also `` Love Online '' showcases the ` you 've got mail ' craze of today with a good beat .
 Teddy is a musical Genius.AAron Hall can sing.and Damion ? well he does something.this disc is n't hitting all the way it 's supposed to be.i liked Dancin ' and a few other tracks but it seems overly Produced.trying to appeal to much.it 's better than much of BlackStreet but not by much when you consider you have Guy back.this disc would have been cool if it came out before Michael Jackson 's Dangerous.but Teddy & MJ did New Jack Swing and that was the end of Guy.i liked dangerous I still do.but it and other things cost Guy .10 years for this is n't worth full price.they can do better .
 This is not the Guy , I remember . The tracks do n't even sound like Teddy Riley productions . I wish they would have gotten back to those funky rhythms they had back in the day
 This cd will waste your time and money . Something old , nothing new . Wish I 'd borrowed , money blew . I 'm sorry ; when you have the talent and genius of Teddy Riley , you do not unleash this turkey on the public . Then again ... knife and fork please !
 i dunno maybe teddy riley has run out of steam but when u listen to guys first album the songs are instantly catchy here nothing is really hey at least better than blackstreets last terrible album
 That 's how I feel every time I think about the money I spent on this Guy comeback album . Most comeback albums are no good anyway , but I felt like I was convinced into buying it after hearing `` Dancin ' '' , their first single . Since Teddy 's in the mix again , overproduced and experimental songs that sound like his previous work are also here , making this album feel more like `` Blackstreet featuring Aaron Hall '' than a Guy reunion.It would be too easy to say that Guy should have just stuck with their original formula because the `` new-jack swing '' formula is too dated . So what 's a group to do ? Put in computerized effects a la TLC 's Fanmail and add some corny new millenium references to it -LRB- Teddy says in one of the songs , `` G-U-Y-2-K '' -RRB- . Then add in some shock-value titles -LRB- `` Why U Wan na Keep Me From My Baby '' , which is aimed towards that Velez chick Aaron was with , that blonde girl from Ja Rule 's `` Holla Holla '' video -RRB- . At the end of that song , Aaron says to his son in his deep voice , `` Just remember , I 'm your father . '' What is this , Star Wars ?!?? Two stars for `` Dancin ' '' , the only good song on the album , and for the fact that Aaron can stll sing . But every time I hear `` Teddy 's Jam III '' , I keep getting upset that I bought this album . This reunion should have never happened .
 I was completely disappointed with this release from Guy . After the trend they set with their first two albums , this does n't even sound like something Teddy Riley would put together . Teddy was completely off the mark when he aimed for this one . I would n't recommend this release to today 's R&B fan . If you buy this , it will only be one of those discs in your collection that take up space . The only song i really liked on here was Dancin ' . Sorry , Teddy ... wrong formula !!!!!!!
 The music in this is SO fast you can hardly keep up with it . It 's not at all what I had expected and if you are buying this for a child then keep in mind this has some fast lyrics that fly by so it 's not meant for a younger kid . Seems much faster than in the movie . I may be wrong but this is merely my opinion . The artwork on the cover is nice ... that may have been why I was more generous with the star rating . I would n't buy this if given another chance . It is NOT worth the money they are charging .
 I did n't realize that when I bought this karaoke cd of the Wizard of Oz Broadway Musical it meant that the songs would be interspersed with dialogue from the show and extra song lyrics . What a major disappointment for us fans of the movie ! It turned out to be a complete waste of money for us . : -LRB-
 yo , you should go back to doing your best hits . eg asian pride . that was the only good one i heard . what what West Linn ! to the C-H-I-N-A home town china fo ...
 player please , im a real black man from the projects , and yousome kid suburbs.U be tryin to make fool outta me saying u a gangsta , common fool you aint got no future in rappin.Im a producer for aftermath records and ive seen lots of people with talent , u just a washed up wannabe , but for now u be makin a fool outta yourself , u got a clothing line , `` please . '' man when i was 14 i was warming the toliet seat for my dad .
 wickity wack dont come back cuz lil fats u are not black
 An Amazon Marketplace Seller is shipping illegally-produced pirate copies -LRB- most likely of Russian manufacture -RRB- of the 2001 Universal Music Group Japan remastered `` American Dream '' CD . The UMG-J catalog number is UICY-3322 , which appears on the pirated disc and its artwork -LRB- `` American Dream '' was manufactured by UMG-J , along with Rhodes ' first album and `` Farewell To Paradise '' in 2001 , and all three have sequential catalog numbers , UICY-3321 , -22 & -23 -RRB- . And , no , this is definitely NOT the `` Lilith '' - label CD.The genuine Japan versions of these three titles are highly sought after by in-the-know Emitt Rhodes fans , as they contain unique 24-bit remasters that are unavailable in , and superior to , any other version in the world . `` American Dream '' and `` Farewell '' were only manufactured once in small quantity , are both long sold out and now OOP -LRB- the first album has been re-pressed and is currently available -RRB- , and both command high prices for the genuine item . Therein , of course , lies the motivation for the pirating.The pirated CD comes with bad copies of the Japan artwork , no OBI -LRB- the Japan-language strip that is inside the cellophane of all genuine Japan CD 's , see photo above -RRB- , and the normal UMG-J imprinted bar code on the data side of the disc -LRB- see scans loaded above -RRB- is missing . Also , even the wrapping is wrong ; all Japan CD 's come in cellophane with machine-folded corners , where the pirated CD is in simple heat shrink-wrap . If you have the misfortune to receive one of these from the same New York-based Marketplace Seller -LRB- I paid thirty-nine , now they 're charging ten more ! -RRB- I obtained mine from :1 . -RRB- Demand a return/refund via e-mail thru the Amazon system to the Seller2 . -RRB- Leave bad feedback for the Seller3 . -RRB- Lodge a complaint to Amazon at 800-201-7575 , and/or send an e-mail to `` reports at Amazon dot com '' -LRB- replace `` at '' & `` dot '' with the appropriate web address symbols ; Amazon does not allow web addresses to be published in reviews -RRB- 4 . -RRB- File an Amazon A-to-Z Claim against the Seller if they do not respond , or5 . -RRB- Call your credit card company and dispute the charge , and they will process a chargeback to the Seller.In my case , as the Seller would not respond , I called VISA to suspend the purchase charge , returned the CD WITH DELIVERY CONFIRMATION -LRB- so they ca n't claim later they never received it when VISA charges them back thru Amazon -RRB- , left the Seller 1-star , detailed negative feedback -LRB- to warn other victims -RRB- and sent Amazon a Listings Policy Violation notice.Selling pirate copies is very unkewl , and the high price the Seller is getting for this fake is even worse . As the Seller would not respond , it 's very likely they 're perfectly aware of the true nature of what they 're hawking.Beware .
 I love Emitt , but this is before he really got into his groove with `` Mirror '' and `` Emitt Rhodes '' -LRB- both HIGHLY recommended -RRB- . Emitt , we 're waiting for your new LP , hopefully coming out soon . You 're great!Tol
 If there were negative star ratings , I would give this CD a -5 star ! First , all of the `` music '' on this CD is done electronically , on a syntheysizer or some such electronic instrument , rather than with an orchestra or organ . NOTHING in the description of the product states that . Secondly , all the arrangements are terribly overblown ; and , the voicing -LRB- the particular sound -RRB- is lackluster and muddy . Finally , most of the selections are ploddingly slow.As my title says , `` Do n't Waste Your Money '' on this CD . I had to open it to listen to it . Otherwise , I would have returned it .
 Picture this `` A lovely fall evening , the decorations are beautiful , your family gathers for the happiest day of your life , you are ready to enter the bridial area , Here Comes the Bride starts to play , you start walking to your groom , the music sticks the song stops playing then starts again it does this twice , You make it to the groom , your entrance is ruined . Then when Ava Maria starts and stops as well a decision is made to cancel the rest of the music for the wedding . Yes , your uncle should have checked and played the CD but the vendor said it was in excellant condition and he took their word for it . How do you rate the disappointment in a Brides eyes ?
 This cd is very medicore . Half the information on Britney is incorrect , and during the interview there are sometimes weird noises in the background -LRB- including people talking on the phone , very crappy -RRB- and Britney seems very bored with the interviewer , which is n't surprising because he asks to same questions she 's been asked numerous times before and is n't very respectful . I 'd only recommend this to people who collect ALL things Britney -LRB- like myself -RRB- or people who just like to hear her voice . Otherwise , save your money .
 Wire 's bracing sonic attack and nearly flawless playing and production on Pink Flag , Chairs Missing , and 154 made people take notice . These were albums crafted of minimal , yet densely layered musical textures the likes of which eluded most artists of any genre , certainly Punk.Even though musical tastes had changed between their debut in 1977 and the release of The Ideal Copy , none of the trailblazing elements of Wire 's earlier work came through on this album . Instead , listeners got a collection of brooding synth-pop that seemed to ape the current culture . Play any cut from Wire 's work in the 70 's , and you will be struck with how fresh and engaging their sound is ; on The Ideal Copy , Wire sounds uninspired and out of touch.While many decry the synthesizer and the `` inhuman '' effect it had on rock and roll -LRB- disco being the chief example -RRB- , groups such as Kraftwerk and later on Yaz , proved traditional instrumentation was not needed to create music of real emotional depth.What Wire has become up to this point is , well , boring .
 Synthesizers ? It has nothing to do with the fact that it has them on it . It 's what they did with them . 154 had keyboards ! It just so happens that their first three albums were their most creative . If you ca n't hear that , and have to blame it on something like synthesizers , you deserve an album like this !
 `` Still Shows '' is the only track I could bring myself to listen to more than once . Everything else is repetitive synth-pop blandness . Very little of interest going on , lyrically or musically . It 's hard to believe this is the same band that created `` 154 '' -LRB- albeit several years earlier -RRB- .
 As difficult to describe as it is to like .
 Come on people ! The only freakin ' Wire album that matters is Pink Flag ... and it REALLY matters . Top ten punk rock album on anybody 's list worth their duct tape . And do n't bother with the new stuff either -- 4 old codgers staring at each other playing one note songs ... YEEE ! All you have to know is Pink Flag . This is great original stuff . After that they just tried to sound like every other lam-o in England . ... and I do n't only listen to punk rock . If you want 80 's English crap , get Echo and the Bunnymen . That 's quality English hair music .
 I bought this CD only to find there are 4 concertos , RV 199 , RV 356 , RV 317 , and RV 347 , and 3 out of the 4 are already on a CD that I have by Perlman `` Vivaldi
 Yo-Yo Ma tries but , at least in this recording , he fails to grasp the organic nature of the folk pieces he is playing . It 's like a cliche academic study from a second rate movie -- the notes are right , but the music is all wrong.I wanted to like it , but I do n't .
 Two of my favorite CDs in the last couple of years were `` Obrigado Brazil '' and `` In Full Swing '' by Yo Yo Ma and Mark O'Connor respectively . I found both of those CDs to be fine examples of genre-busting joyful music making . So when I saw these guys paired here , I snapped it up . Unfortunately , I was disappointed.The music throughout most of the CD sounds too labored , too studied . It is , frankly , not that inspiring . The playing throughout is , of course , of the highest calibre and the recorded sound excellent . But there is no hint of the exhuberance of Folk or Bluegrass which is the supposed inspiration for the disc . The guest spots by James Taylor and Alison Krauss are good but they sound like outtakes from their own CDs , these songs are out of context here . -LRB- But note how many other Amazon reviews reference their contributions as reasons for loving the CD . Perhaps so many five star ratings because these people need broader musical exposure ? -RRB- Too many critics over intellectualize . I base my ratings on one simple criterion
 Having purchased other Yo-Yo Ma music and being a fan of Appalachian music I was excited to listen to this CD . Yawn ! This Cd start off slowly , gets slower , and then by that point your so bored it does n't matter . Will be returning this CD to Amazon for credit .
 The refreshing soprano of Alison Krauss brightens an otherwise dark and moody selection of antique airs . Ma , Meyer & O'Connor basically are just noodling around the supposed melody line with a vast array of odd-tempo and unrelated
 I suppose you will enjoy this if you really like Yo-Yo Ma at his most boring . This is glorified elevator music and about as interesting .
 As a matter of fact , it is exactly the same as the original Dreamland . This inport from Germany has a different cover , has a different ordering of the tracks , 1 bonus track and 1 remix , but that 's all that 's different . So for those of you who want to get more of the great music you heard on the original Dreamland -LRB- which was a great CD , by the way -RRB- , SAVE YOUR MONEY . Maybe Miles will come out with something new soon . In the meantime , I suggest Dream House , which has Children and Fable by Miles as well as many other tracks by different artists in the same style .
 I can join in exactly the same sing sang of my predecessors . It lacks the originality of Getz/Gilberto and we all know how unique they have been ! Nevertheless Hawkins is playing very nice . Its the kind of elevator music you would be glad to listen to .
 If there were negative star ratings , I would give this CD a -5 star ! First , all of the `` music '' on this CD is done electronically , on a syntheysizer or some such electronic instrument , rather than with an orchestra or organ . NOTHING in the description of the product states that . Secondly , all the arrangements are terribly overblown ; and , the voicing -LRB- the particular sound -RRB- is lackluster and muddy . Finally , most of the selections are ploddingly slow.As my title says , `` Do n't Waste Your Money '' on this CD . I had to open it to listen to it . Otherwise , I would have returned it .
 Picture this `` A lovely fall evening , the decorations are beautiful , your family gathers for the happiest day of your life , you are ready to enter the bridial area , Here Comes the Bride starts to play , you start walking to your groom , the music sticks the song stops playing then starts again it does this twice , You make it to the groom , your entrance is ruined . Then when Ava Maria starts and stops as well a decision is made to cancel the rest of the music for the wedding . Yes , your uncle should have checked and played the CD but the vendor said it was in excellant condition and he took their word for it . How do you rate the disappointment in a Brides eyes ?
 I 'm a huge fan of old metallica , but not much of a fan at all over the last 10 years . The only reason I bought this was to get the Seattle show on DVD , but 10 seconds into it , when I found out it did not have 5.1 audio , I realized that I got ripped off by the new `` All we want is all of your money '' metallica . Kerry King of Slayer was right when he said James Hetfield should probably retire .
 It needs to be said that I am a long time die-heart Metallica fan.I 've always put off buying this set because of the price . I was n't convinced that what you pay is offset by what you get . I finally broke down and got it . Simply put my instincts were right on . This CD/DVD is not worth it . The sound quality is terrible and you already have the songs on some other Metallica CD . You ca n't justify spending over fifty bucks on something that Metallica dragged out of their circular file . Besides you will get sick and tired of James Hetfield 's constant cursing . There is just no reason for it.I advise you not to buy this CD/DVD . Save your money .
 Such things as The Wall were written and done long before this and was remastered and remixed into breathtaking 5.1 with beautiful picture . Why could n't they have done it w/this ? Oh yea , the Xmas release/we want your money timing -LRB- Nov. 12 or something -RRB- Keep the vhs .
 i 'm a big fan of metallica and metal music in general , but while seeing metallica in concert is a true experience , the sound quality on these CDs is lacking.since it would be about the same price to buy most of metallica 's catalog , use your money to buy ride , load , reload , master , and the black album and you 'll be much more satisfied . do n't make the same mistake i did .
 I 'm one of the biggest Metallica fans in the world , but this is not a very impressive release from them . The contrast on the DVDs is decent but the video transfer looks terrible , especially on Seattle . Think of listening to a bootleg with too much noise reduction used and try and picture the Seattle show that way . And absolutely NOTHING in terms if 5.1 mixing , just plain old stereo makes these DVDs worthless and a waste of money unless you dont have the VHS set already . A half-assed job which unfortunately could 've been so much more . And the extras ? HAH , pictures and lyrics , wow .
 The camera work on the concert DVDs looks like something the local community college art dept. may have produced . The camera never stops flashing back and forth one angle to the next . A real headacher indeed . Two stars only because it 's Metallica , any other band would get one star . Good idea , poor effort .
 I fully agree with the first comment I read here -LRB- from fixxxer410 -RRB-
 The product 's detailed information specified that it comes with 3 CDs and 2 DVDs , but it only comes with 1 DVD , the Seattle concert DVD is missing
 Used to have this boxset , with the vhs tapes , $ -LSB- ... -RSB- back in the 90 's . this was good , with vhs , cds ' live music , way before they sold out . at the peak 93 ' .
 I fully agree with the first comment I read here -LRB- from fixxxer410 -RRB-
 The audio Cds are just what you 'd expect of Metallica from that era . Good tunes played well . HOWEVER ... the video from 1992/3 is simply terrible . The director/whoever has almost the entire video played in a `` stop-action '' . You never really see the band playing . It looks like a cheap video you 'd see on MTV . Add to it the director ca n't let go of the joy stick constantly flashing to different scenes never seeing much of anything.You never feel like you are at the show ... you feel removed . That is not the case with the 1989 show . That was infinitely better . It is unfortunate that you do n't see the band play . Just as Kirk is about to solo , the shot goes to Lars . Ca n't understand that . For the true fan .
 This download is a rip-off . I love this work of Rachmaninov & this download is flawed . It leaves out many music phrases . Donlt waste your money with this oneJ
 Cmon now i 'm a krazy sick-o 3x fan but this dual committee iz garbage ... keak & agerman r great artist but for sum reason jus ca n't find whutz really good 4 them ... but i 'm happy 4 agerman going gospel we all got ta repent one day ... but this dual iz not a great album let alon top 3 in 2000 datz a joke buddy whoeva wrote dat otha review ... keak keep doin yo thang manne i will always support 3x muzik weither it rap or gospel rap ... bart were r u manne ??????
 I rather like the studio efforts that SCI has put out , however this record just bores me . The songwriting is very simplistic and I find it very hard to listen to the album all the way through . There are a couple of times that the songs seem to be about to go somewhere , but they just end . I 'm not talking about ten minute jams , but just some sort of memorable hook or melody.This album will turn a number of songs into live anthems , maybe , but then again , most Cheese songs translate live much better than on record . I gave this two stars for a Cheese record , though nothing on here is actually bad , just unassuming . If you are new to SCI , you should probably start somewhere else . If you are an old fan , then save your money for a concert .
 Update
 Although a good easy listening chill album , I do n't think this album captures the true instrumental talent of the String Cheese Incident . I do n't think there is one of these songs that I will actually look forward to seeing live . The only reason I give this album two stars is because I respect String Cheese and the music they make . They claim that this is supposed to be a more lyric driven album , but lets face it , string cheese is not known for their lyrics and these lyrics sound forced and cliche . Is this the String Cheese Incident or the Malcolm Burn Incident ????
 The String Cheese Incident is a fine band and great fun to see and hear live . But this is an awful recording for a band who certainly must have more to offer . A new catalog of good music could have really taken this band to the next level because there certainly is a degree of inertia there waiting to move them forward . But such a poor recording as this can only set them back and turn off fans or potential fans . Truly , if this had to be the firstCheese I 'd every heard , I would have forgotten their name in about 5 seconds . Like other reviewers have mentioned the songs seemed forced . I kind of like the chorus parts to ` Sometimes a River ' and ` Further ' but I ca n't find much more than that . Very unmemorable generic music . I 'm sure some of the songs will get a little SCI magic sprinked on them when they are played live , but a band can not sink this low in the studio and still remain vital . I 'll be out to see them this summer but very disappointed in what was becoming one of my favorite bands . Check out the String Cheese Incident Live at the Filmore -LRB- DVD released in 2003 -RRB- , its real nice .
 I ca n't help it . I want SCI to be the modern incarnation of The Band or Little Feat
 the concept being a band working as a democracy - which appears to be true - everybody gets their songs on this album and they 're all given proper respect and placement . But what the album seems to lack is collective harmony - or a momentum that keeps your attention from song to song . Some of songs that were meant to be simplified by minimalist arrangements are left too bare to hide the weak vocal performances . And some of the lyrics . . -LRB- there are some that WILL make you cringe -RRB- . . leave you wondering if democracy for the String Cheese Incident means saying `` good enough . ''
 With the exception of a few of their more recent live albums , I have just about everything SCI has put out . I became a fan only relatively recently , but once I got one -LRB- starting with their collaboration with Kellar Williams -RRB- , I got hooked and ca n't stop . But this album left me disappointed . It was slow and stripped down . As several have said before me , none of the jams , none of the joy , none of the humor , nor the ca n't - stop-moving musicality of basically every other release by these guys , whether live or in the studio . Everything else - ANYthing else - they 've done is just better . Buy if you want to have a complete collection of their work , but if you 're a first-time buyer , do n't go here , because it 's not representative of just how fantastic they are . Had this been the first album I got from them , I would not have bought more and would 've missed the unbelievable experience I have every time I listen to virtually everything else they 've done .
 A lot of bands are turning this type of sutff out . There is some good writing on this album , but it certainly does not showcase the unmatched musicianship and energy that SCI is about . Why do something that everbody else is doing , when you can do something extremely more moving that no one else can even come close to ? There have been good studio albums , eg . `` Born on the Wrong Planet . '' However , I do n't think that you can successfully argue that this is anywhere in the same league . Do n't get this album ; see them live !!!
 THE COVER OF THE CD REFLECTS THE MUSIC INSIDE
 I give this recording two stars because Kiri Te Kanawa 's voice is truly beautiful but the arrangements of these `` traditional '' tunes is so insipid the singer 's genius is wasted . Folk music is best when performed by folk , the way it was supposed to be , not `` arranged '' for a philharmonic orchestra with all its flouncy frills , so the singer 's natural voice comes through expressing purely the emotion that makes this kind of music so beloved .
 This is an average cd , however if you are looking for the songs to be recorded by the original artist I would recommend buying the artists ' actual cd . The instrumental parts are too heavy and you can hardly hear the lyrics . The lyrics almost sound muffled .
 This album does n't have any original artists ' recordings and the quality is quite poor . If you 're having a nice wedding , you wo n't be able to use this CD at all . The recording quality is substandard and the singers need lessons ...
 The songs on this CD are not performed by the original artists , but rather by singers who do not sing very well . I was disappointed with the CD .
 I have never heard most of the songs . Not a good album
 This cd gives litle pleasure to listen to . It is interpreted too fast in my opinion . I have an old recording on tape and I just love it . I thought the pleasure of listening to Mozart 's Requiem would increase by having it on cd . Well , not with this work . Until I get this work from another conductor I will keep on listening to my old tape . I regret two things . 1 - not knowing who conducted the recording I have . 2 - not listening to this cd before I bought it . I love Mozart 's Requiem ! I hate this cd !
 the music is ok but the songs are not performed by the artists that made them famous . Be forwarned . They are performed OK but not as well as the originals .
 Probably the best female performer I 've seen in 20 years . Alizee has everything , sultry voice , great style , sensusality , sexuality , innocence , beautiful form , eye contact , great song writers and music.I saw her in paris , France , Jan of 2004 and was blown away by her . She 's hard to describe , but amazing is the closest word.You can almost feel the warth , love and affection she emits , as she sings or speaks live.I 've never seen such an angelic person of this magnatude before , it 's almost overwhelming . Her fans , 7 to 70 are mesmorized by who she is and stands for.She is so loved , you can almost taste it . She also cares very very much about her fans and has proved it , more than once in STARS A DOMICLE.Every song is 5 out of 5 , so just Go buy it , , , anD then find the vdeos and be ready to be addicted !
 Gourmandises is a very boring cd.Aliz&eacute;e has got a deadly boring voice , so it 's a great . All songs are boring , the rhythm is very boring.It 's almost worse than Lorie . I hate this king of singer , they have n't got any voice ... SO DO N'T BUY IT IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
 I may not be a highly qualified music critic but I know when I hear good music . I could not in good conscience recommend Howlin Rain as an album reminisent of any music of the 60 's or 70 's .
 This is an average cd , however if you are looking for the songs to be recorded by the original artist I would recommend buying the artists ' actual cd . The instrumental parts are too heavy and you can hardly hear the lyrics . The lyrics almost sound muffled .
 This album does n't have any original artists ' recordings and the quality is quite poor . If you 're having a nice wedding , you wo n't be able to use this CD at all . The recording quality is substandard and the singers need lessons ...
 The songs on this CD are not performed by the original artists , but rather by singers who do not sing very well . I was disappointed with the CD .
 I have never heard most of the songs . Not a good album
 These 2 albums were a mistake for Jane . Her majestic voice should have been doing Arlen , Kern or Rodgers . Too bad she did n't have Norman Granz guiding her caerer like Ella 's . The 1st album is a bit better because it 's closer to the kind of songs that suit her very talented voice . Ms. Morgan was very popular on the Kapp label by doing `` artistic '' albums & not top 10 hits which are what most of these songs are . I keep hoping those lps will be converted to domestic cds SOON ! Then , I can write ***** reviews which is what she deserves . But , here , Jane & the band appear to be fighting each other . Instead , they should have been harmonious .
 Music industry seems to like to bet on ` the formula of success ' and even artists seem to follow this dangerous track.Lalo Schifrin was the creative arranger and composer of one the classic albums in the 60s which combined Jazz with Baroque and Renaissance Music . A quite inspired combination with the best musicians in the place in an album which is still available here @Amazon -LRB- ` The Dissection and Reconstruction of Music ... as a tribute to Marquis de Sade ' on Verve Records , produced by Creed Taylor -RRB- . Now this sequel album has not achieved the same degree of inspiration though Schifrin could count on great musicians like Ray Brown and Grady Tate .
 How far the mighty have fallen . After losing to Hear ` say in the UK POPSTARS competition , then trumping them by releasing the blazingly good THINKING IT OVER -LRB- and outclassing both of Hear ` say 's mediocre at best offerings -RRB- , Liberty X return ready to face the death nail known in music circles as the `` sophomore slump '' . I would love to say that BEING SOMEBODY picks up where the fantastic THINKING IT OVER left off . Sad to say , this is not the case . First single `` Jumpin '' is classic Liberty X , upbeat and in-your-face pop , and the Richard X bootleg `` Being Nobody '' , though not reaching the grand heights of the Sugababes/Richard X collab `` Freak Like Me '' , is still fairly solid on a more modest scale . The problem here is the overabundance of balladry , kept in check the first time out , but here overwhelming the record . The entire middle of the set is occupied by treacly tracks that never really even get started , with only the occasional uptempo number interspersed to break up the monotony of it all . `` Everybody Cries '' , `` The Poet '' , `` I 'll Be Remembering '' , `` The Last Goodbye '' , `` Forever '' -- the list keeps on going , with all of them sinking under the weight of their own mediocrity . Every once in a while we 're blessed with a `` Jumpin '' or `` Watcha Doin Tonight '' , but those times are few and far between . With the album being pretty much a bust so far in the UK , here 's hoping the group rethinks their next move and hopefully resurfaces with a record that plays more to their strengths rather than dreadful dreck such as this .
 Some songs are good but not quite what the review said.A mild disappointment.Just get `` Broken English '' if you want from Marianne Faithful .
 This 2-CD set features very poor track selection , coupled with a completely pointless track ordering . The tracks are arranged in no chronological order and jump from album to album without any coherency at all . But what really makes this compilation unbearable to listen to is that someone had the sad idea to fiddle with the original mixes , so most of the tracks sound different to the originals - and worse , for that matter . Avoid this mistake of a release - even if you 're new to Marianne Faithfull 's material and are just willing to get a taste of her music - and buy the albums separately , specially the two masterpieces `` Broken English '' and `` Strange Weather '' together in the 1-CD MFSL edition , and also the more recent `` Vagabond Ways '' and `` Before The Poison '' .
 A real dissapointment after listening to Animalization , and Animals on Tour . The only `` good '' song on here is Outcast
 If you are a fan of the original ` French ' Swingle Singers from the ' 60 's beware of this . This is a new group of highly polished singers . Yes I am sure they are talented singers , it 's just not the same as the original ; SS . The current version of SS use zoo zoo zoo Esquivel type singing which is OK for Esquivel fans but has no place in the Swingle Singers sound . They should have really changed the name and clearly dated the packaging . This CD cover makes it look like lost recording archives when it absolutely is not . Not recommended unless you like Glee , perfect Pitch and all of that modern accapella stuff that is popular theses days .
 Perhaps the strangest album ever recorded next to Lou Reed 's machine metal music -LRB- 2 vinyl discs of amplifier feedback -RRB- . The singers harmonize as well as the 5th Dimension , the Association , or Peter , Paul and Mary but the results are anything but delicious . I mean how can you make a song like Revolution or I am the Walrus ... full of gut-wrenching emotion into something with no feeling whatsoever -LRB- other than nausia -RRB- ? Well , take a listen ... these guys did it !
 Completley uneccesary release.I think they were forced to do this anyway -LRB- part of the contract -RRB- Best Pearl Jam albums
 I only liked a Little of Pearl Jam back when they were Hot in the early 90 's as part of the Seattle scene & Sound . Eddie Veddar was the focal Point of the Band . in truth there was n't alot of edge to there Music , but they Hit with some songs that made you think a Little Bit . now Pearl Jam 's true Legacy is the OffSpring of : Hootie & the BlowFish , Stone Temple Pilots , Creed & Knickleback all Acts sound like Pearl Jam Knockoffs . that to me is there Impact . they pretty much peaked out after 1994 .
 For a band self-styled on being contrarian , this collection reveals Pearl Jam as safe and middle-of-the-road . Disc 1 -LRB- `` Up '' -RRB- contains more rocking fare , including the requisite anthems from `` Ten , '' as well as `` hits '' from the band 's increasingly anti-commercial output afterwards . Quirkier moments like `` Do the Evolution '' stand out amongst largely generic blues-based rock . Disc 2 -LRB- `` Down '' -RRB- contains more pensive material , and is downright miserable , skirting perilously close to Hootie and the Blowfish . Blatant ripoffs of Neil Young -LRB- `` Not for You '' -RRB- and Led Zeppelin -LRB- `` Given to Fly '' -RRB- also detract .
 Some good moments . `` I Got ID '' is awesome.Pearl Jams first album should of been `` Riot Act . ''
 It went down hill ever since TEN . That being said only five good songs from TEN and three of them are 2004 crap remixes ... screw Pearl Sham they are irrelevent , radio friendly garbage aside from TEN anyhow .
 Wow , the remixer for this album must have some technical prowess . Who else could make one of the most boring bands of the early 90 's even more boring ? But he figured out a way
 funny how bands rarely release Greatest Hits albums when they are on their creative and popular peak.Usually they release Greatest Hits albums when its over -LRB- Stone Temple Pilots , Creed , Korn , etc -RRB- . I would put this below the Nirvana , Soundgarden and Alice in Chains best of 's . The problem with Pearl Jam is that because they once were the biggest and most mainstream of the Seattle-Grunge bands , you simply get tired of hearing their radio hits , while some of the lesser known singles are not worth hearing .
 Pearl Jam was a big disapointment to this listener . Do you think they could have sung a song where you could actually understood the words . What a waste of money when I bought this music .
 Creed invented grunge , millions are trying to copy their formula.For a good greatest hits , get Creed or anything by Nickelback .
 the older songs kind of sound dated , and the songs from 1996 on fall asleep to Eddie Vedder 's sleepy contentment.I was disappointed that there are no new songs , but after hearingPearl jam 's last song the humorless ode to parenting , `` Man of the Hour '' I was glad there isnt.The last Pearl Jam album to have any real hit singles was 1994 's Vitalogy.The songs after then -LRB- like `` Nothing as It Seems '' and `` Who You Are '' -RRB- sound bored and drone on.Maybe Pearl Jam should do something fun and light in their next release.Since the seriousness has lost its passion or purpose.Maybe Eddie should write some standard rock star-supermodel kind of songs for Jill McCormick.Or go back to character songs.But the songs after 1994 are mostly skip songs.The reason I gave one star is because I think all the five starreviews are ridiculous.This is far from a perfect `` Best of '' . The fact that older Greatest Hit albums from bands like Smashing Pumpkins are already outranking this new release speaks volumesof Pearl Jam 's short revelance in rock music.A one disk `` Best of :1991 to 1994 '' would be far better .
 There were six really significant grunge bands - Stone Temple Pilots , Nirvana , Soundgarden , Alice in Chains , Tool , and Pearl Jam . Pearl Jam were by far the cruddiest , most generic and unoriginal , and boring band of those six . Eddie Vedder has a terrible voice , the guitar work is nothing special , and the songwriting is crap . Stone Temple Pilots and Alice in Chains are only slightly better . It 's the last three bands - Nirvana , Soundgarden , and Tool , that make grunge a legitimate form of music , and not a fad . Avoid this and go listen to METAL ! Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple make Pearl Jam seem like a joke .
 This CD is a little over 2 months old and it does n't play . I realize that is was bought used , however , it would have been nice if it would have lasted longer . It was an excellent CD .
 Why do we need this . It 's not like the band has n't made their material -LRB- studio and live -RRB- readily available to their fans . Is this release just to harvest the last holdouts who do n't really appreciate the band but want to have a few morsels to enjoy occasionally .
 When will the world learn ? Grunge sucks . Who wants to listen to a bunch of flannel clad middle aged men whine about all their Generation X teenage angst ? Why is this idiotic band putting out a Greatest Hits CD ? Do n't they realize that their time came and went a LONG time ago ? Grunge died for a reason . Lets keep it dead and in the early 90s where it belongs . There 's no place for alternative rock in the 21st century .
 A greatest hits album from pearl jam , probably means the end of grunge for good ! Thank god ! This music is good for acne-clad teenagers with severe inferiority complexes ...
 As in hundreds of newly remasters this is a victim . yes it has good songs , but the dynamic range is gone . this happens when the recording levels are pushed too high und it looses all clarity . the only positive is pearl jam is getting more distortion in their grunge sound . I have been A Disc Jocky and have played loud music for more than 30 years , I still Have great hearing due to the full dynamic range of cd 's from 1984 to 2003 listening . when you listen to compressed and distorted music your hearing suffers . also distortion kills speakers as well as hearing . please check reviews before buying over recorded junk . you may never have to wear a hearing aid like people that I know .
 Zero . I 'm giving this a review of zero because I 'm the face in your dreams of glass . Want to go for a ride ?
 Though I have a large music collection , I so far have restricted my reviews to books . Well , I just feel that I had to express my dismay at this Pearl Jam greatest hits compilation , so I 'll break out of the mold this one time . In large part , I 'm simply echoing the sentiments of another individual several reviews down.I was pleased with the song selection and organization of the `` up '' and `` down '' songs on separate discs . But during the mastering process , the engineers at Sony inexcusably cranked the treble so high that the tracks are almost unbearable to listen to on any speakers outfitted with halfway decent tweeters . It 's so bad that even on my car * FM radio * , my ears hurt when a station plays the `` rearviewmirror '' version of a song instead of the original album release . One of the songs that the botched mastering is most obvious on is `` Daughter '' . I 'd rather hear fingernails across a chalkboard than the opening guitar riff on that song.Botched masters and remasters by incompetent or inexperienced sound engineers are a common problem in the industry , particularly with hits compilations because the sound levels have to be matched between several different albums , so some digital clipping is practically inevitable . The recent `` The Who
 I do n't really think pearl jam sucks so badly , i just think that they deserve the title of a `` good grunge '' band.They had there time with TEN , and i really did n't think that was really that good either.I believe that they used Nirvana 's sudden success to proppell themselves into the limelight , using slow old time rock to win over the people of America.Well , if you have half a brain -LRB- which anyone who bought this does n't -RRB- you would n't even consider listening to these losers.If you want real music , listen to Nevermind by Nirvana or Dookie by Green Day , but not this.Really , you are a real idiot if you buy this , listen to this , or enjoy this in any way .
 I give Pearl Jam 2 stars . . why ? Well they did n't become good unti recently , and they did n't help invent grunge.Creed invented grunge , millions are trying to copy their formula.For a good greatest hits , get Creed .
 check out the song titles and listen to the samples before you buy this album .
 for being a new record this album has alot of pops and skips.so i thought giving the record a good cleaning would solve most of the skips , well it didnt . i am mobility inpaired impaired so even getting to my mailbox is an ordeal , so getting to to the post office is next to impossible . so i depend alot on the decription of the product by the seller to avoid those situations . there r skips on the first second and a pop on the third track.i stopped listening after the 1st side was done . now i have to purchase the same album sometime in the future . it would be nice if the seller would just send me another copy , but i doubt that such good customer service exists with that organization .
 Watching BET 's Walk Of Fame tribute to Stevie the other day inspired me to write some reviews here.I do n't have the `` perfect '' view of this album that most Stevie fans have . Aside from Living For The City , Higher Ground , and Jesus Children Of America there is n't anything I like on this album.There is just something about Stevie 's languid , rather sappy , elevator-music ballads that I ca n't stand , and this cd has a bunch of them.Having said that , I absolutely love the great stuff on this cd , with Jesus Children Of America being the highlight for me . That alone makes it a disc worth owning , to me . Overall though , I think I am going to look into getting that multi-disc Stevie box-set that came out a few years ago or whenever it was . There just are n't enough Stevie tunes I love per-disc to make buying all his albums worth it to me . I do n't own any of those `` greatest hits '' types of box sets but depending on whats on that multi-disc Stevie set , I may buy it .
 I love Stevie . I love funky `` Sir Duke '' stevie . This album was so highly billed , but it was a real let down for me . I wanted more funk , and did not find it .
 The music is okay but nothing exceptional and definitly not worth the amount charged for it . Since I was actually searching under DVD 's I was not really expecting a music CD .
 I have heard people call Penderecki 's early avant-garde works ` dated ' . To that I wish to point out that few avant-garde works display the kind of surface excitement and approachability as his - for people who are curious but generally skeptical about 60s avant-garde music , early Penderecki is probably the ideal music to start . That , and the fact that there are several undeniable masterpieces there , makes calling it ` dated ' somewhat equivalent to calling , say , Schumann 's music dated because it is so inherently 19th century in its romanticism.But the disc at hand does not feature early Penderecki . His second symphony , the so-called Christmas symphony , dates from 1979 and represents a total break with the avant-garde . It is a tonal , neo-romantic work drawing heavily on 19th century forms , and even quotes Christmas carols . It is a superbly scored work - Penderecki had n't lost his touch in that respect - and is also utterly aimless , meandering , uninspired and dull . I hasten to add that I have no objections to neo-tonal music ; I really enjoy Rautavaara and think Gorecki 's third deserves its popularity . But this is n't remotely on the level of Gorecki 's third . It 's a musical hack job if there ever was one -LRB- apart , again , from the orchestration -RRB- . The fourth symphony is a tad more interesting . It is cast in one movement -LRB- of several sections -RRB- and is at least more varied in atmosphere and less monotonously sugary than the second . As with his early works , exploring instrumental sonorities takes a central role . Some of the more violent parts are actually interesting - but only to the extent that they resemble his earlier works . Now , even though it is n't a total failure , it is pretty thin gruel , and with so much excellent music out there to be explored I can not recommend anyone to spend time with Penderecki 's fourth . No complaints about the performances - quite the contrary ; Antoni Wit leads a truly assured set of performances able to capture the color and dynamism of these works in what can only be claimed to be an ideal manner . But that can not save this music ; this is one for the specialist .
 it 's like when you were little and watching TV with your parents , and the sitcom topic turns to sex . you feel embarrassed to be there , though it 's clearly not your fault . reminiscent of maybe baz luhrmann , or henry rollins ' spoken word stuff , except that luhrmann just plain ... , and rollins is at least poignant and intelligent . plus , gaylor 's voice has this awful ` tough-guy posturing ' character to it . a blatantly poor release for the uninspired `` something-different '' crowd . this disc hurts me . please make it stop .
 This is not the best of the spoken word genre . His stories are not particularly creative , lyrical or really all that interesting . While it 's easy to relate to some of his tunes , especially for a connecticutt suburbanite like me , these little tales are simply unoriginal and does n't take a whole lot of thought . There are two tracks I love , suicide is interesting as hell , edgy , awesome . Out the Window is the best track , haunting music , and ulitimatly disturbing . The words of claustraphobia , well , you can feel it in your bones . It 's a truly affecting track , bleak , it gives me the shivers . The rest of the songs , again , just dont ' do it . The music is aweful , truly poor . If you want to hear some good , unique , thoughtful , truly funny or truly beautiful or truly sad spoken word set to good music then try Maggie Estep or King Missile . Those are actualy albums , this is just a stupid little collection of anecdotes that anyone could have written .
 Leann Rimes is one of the best singers of young women country singers but this is just a big mess this album . What you are hearing is spares off of her other albums that never made the final cut . Who really wants to hear those songs from artists . Curb records put this one together Leann Rimes had nothing to do with it . The single and title track I need you is really good and they sell the single out there of that and thats really all worth buying . Her next album will be better all of her fans know that .
 I was very disappointed when I played this CD . I love LeAnn Rimes ' music but this CD reminded me of rock music rather than country music . LeAnn may be trying to get to all audiences but she needs to stick strictly to country music in my opinion . If you want true country music I would think twice about purchasing this CD .
 I purchased this album mainly because of the track `` I Need You '' which has been playing on country radio for several months . It 's a gem of a song and one I wanted as part of my music collection.Unfortunately , the remaining tracks are a hodge podge of garbage . I did n't realize the controversy swirling around the release of this album until after I purchased it . If you own any other LeAnn albums it will be clear to you after listening to this one that this album was released without her artistic input.I definitely do not recommmend it . If anything , just get the Single to `` I Need You '' -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- and save a few bucks .
 Although this is n't her official CD , LeAnn Rimes has stated in a letter written by her . '' She Did n't have any creavity input into the album . '' However , if she did this album is not one of her best albums nor one of the best songs she has recorded with Curb Records . I myself , would not purchase this CD . To release this CD , is really unfair to LeAnn Rimes . Therefore , I will not support Curbs or LeAnn Rimes for this album . Until the new Official CD comes out , will all see how she does in Pop .
 If you really want to hear her sing , go listen/watch her perform these same song in the Music in High Places series where she performs these same songs acoustically with her band in the Yukaton . It 's at musicinhighplaces.com - there you will see the real power that often hides behind the sugary production so prevalent in pop and `` new '' country . But Leann - it does n't have to be so ! You have an awesome , expressive really high quality voice - think Dixie Chicks realism - get back to the roots - you 've got the material and the talent . This album is really bland , and mainly because of the production - I love the song `` Ca n't fight the moonlight '' as she performed it acoustically - please go check that out ! It 's a great series !
 Okay , I admit she went a little too ... when she recorded her self titled record , with all of those old songs on it . But this time she 's gone the opposite direction , I could n't even reognize her lovely voice on not one but any of the songs . If you like Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera like most kids my age do go ahead and buy it , but if you like good old country , like me , BUYER BEWARE !!
 this cd was brought out without leann rimes consent . it contains songs that were `` not good enough '' for previuos albums as well as some newer songs . to find out more visit rimestimes.com . again - leann rimes did not know this album was coming out and in no way does it reflect her talent so do n't go dissing on her !
 Please be forewarned , that this is an unauthorized CD released by Curb Records , who Leann is trying to get out of a contract with . The reason it does n't contain new material is because Curb could only use songs that LeAnn had already recorded while under contract with them , and they put this album together with absolutely no input from herself . That 's why it 's so bad.In her own words : `` This album was made without my creative input . It consists largely of unfinished material and songs that did n't make other albums . I have not heard the album so I can not tell you my opinion on it . But what I want to make abundantly clear to you is that this album is not a reflection of myself as an artist , but is solely the conception of Curb Records , and for that I am truly and deeply sorry . '' -- LeAnn RimesLeAnn 's TRUE newest CD will be released later this year .
 I must admit , I bought this album solely because of the title track , which has been played a lot on the radio and CMT . Unfortunately , I can hardly stand to listen to the sound that comes out of my stereo ! The bass track is way too loud , so much so that I have to turn the bass level down on both my home & car stereos to listen to the song . This washes out the low end , and makes a good song wholly unappealing.The rest of the disc is unimaginative , sedate , and/or overdone . There seems to be a lot of potential for several of the songs , but it is never realized . None of the songs blend together into an album , and maybe I missed it , but I do n't think I caught a single hint of country music on the entire disc -LRB- okay , maybe on track 6 - `` Love Must Be Telling Me Something '' -RRB- . From this poor example , I do n't think Leann Rimes should try to venture into the pop/rock world.Personally , I want my money back . I probably would have received more pleasure flushing it down the toilet than wasting it on this disc . I ca n't believe that this trash followed so closely behind her self-titled album with the AWESOME covers she did of so many classic country hits . If `` I Need You '' is an example of where Leann Rimes is headed , then she should save the world some pain and agony and retire right now .
 I , like many others , thought LeAnn Rimes had a great voice for her age when she first hit the scene . It was apparent to many that she possessed the raw talent to become one of the greater country singers out there.Unfortunately , she has since given into the commercialization that has taken place in that business over the years , and now only cuts songs that are intended to go with the flow of the ever changing country landscape.It saddens me enough to see country turn into the jumbled cookie cutter pop music mess that it is today , with the exception of those oh so few out there who stick to the true essence of the word . It bothers me even more , however , when someone such as LeAnn gives into it and never figures out a style of her own and direction that will make her stand out from the rest of the cookie cutter `` artists . `` Sure , her voice is great and the songs are okay . However , if you want something original and something that will be in your lasting memory a few years down the road , do n't buy this CD . If you want country music , watch CMT . LeAnn wo n't satisfy your hunger .
 Just wanted to express my disappointment of hearing LeAnn Rimes performing on this CD . If you are interested in Country Music this record CD is no where near Country in my way of thinking.If I would have done my homework I would have never bought this CD as it reflects -LRB- No Country Music -RRB- although her singing is good for those of the people that appreciate this type of music of which I fail to find a Genre that fits is classification , certainly not Country Music . I hope LeAnn Rimes wakes up and returns to Country Music before she loses all of her country roots.I was most disappointed in this CD . Not my type at all . Maybe this is her passing fancy , I certainly hope so .
 In a frantic attempt to capitalize on her 2000 pop - crossover smash `` Ca n't Fight the Moonlight , '' LeAnn Rimes has produced an album of empty , artistically lacking songs . Spinning the dial to a random pop radio station will produce any of the ten tracks ' lyrics arranged in a different order . Most of them are overproduced , replete with distracting computer - generated effects and layer upon layer of LeAnn singing backup in the lastest fad of grinding her voice up and down the scale until the listener reaches for the phone to dial 9-1-1 . It certainly will not help the album 's sales when prospective purchasers read the track list and discover that any self - respecting Rimes fan already owns four of the tracks
 I can see why Leann Rimes did n't want this album to come out . This album is badly thrown and slapped together . There are some good numbers here like I Need You and Ca n't Fight the Moonlight and her Elton John duet , but the listening of it is a bland feeling . The Diane Warren songs borderline on sap and the other songs do n't fit with her voice . I suggest that you listen to this CD one time , then throw it out the window . Just because she did some songs for soundtrack albums does n't mean that you have to throw an album together for the public . People see through that stuff and stay away from it !
 If it were n't that he was blind this would n't have been successful . I heard Fingertips Part 1 & 2 , and it 's just stupid . I feel that the public just overlook the fact that there 's nothing to this except for alot of shouting , a few words repeated over and over again , and then harmonica thrown in to spoil the orchestra . I heard this for the first time Saturday Jan. 23rd , 1988 , and it 's stuck to me like a cancer . It 's time for the chemotherapy , and removal of this before it becomes malignant . I 'm not prejudiced , or insensitive to people with handicaps . I would 've ripped this to shreads if it were a white person , and no handicaps . This is just raw sewage that needs to be rid of .
 To my way of thinking this is a truly horrible album . He ca n't resist the temptation to show off on every tune . You wo n't hear it on the samples but you will when you get the full versions . `` Chicago Song '' is a fairly boring tune which goes on way too long , so long that they hacked two minutes off it when it went on `` The Best Of David Sanborn '' . There is no doubt he 's a top class player and composer , just listen to `` Carly 's Song '' from `` Hideaway '' . But so often when he has the opportunity to be as tasteful as he is there , he ca n't seem to pull his head in , and plays too cute , too loud , or too much - and quite often all three at the same time .
 To my ears , this is unlistenable . It sounds like a Requiem for Dietrich 's own voice . I have never been a fan of DFD . I do n't know what prompted him at the age of sixty to undertake a fourth -LRB- ? -RRB- Winterreise - where was the slave to whisper in his ageing ears `` Remember , Caesar , time waits for no man and sooner or later you 're going to sound like a bullfrog . '' Toads might respond viscerally to this croak-a-thon . Few would deny that DFD 's voice , as recorded here , has run its race . It is bereft of bloom . It then comes down to interpretation . By virtue of being so clapped out and degraded , does DFD 's voice actually reinforce the central message of Winterreise
 Yikes ! Nothing evil about this yawner . Save your money and buy one of the other Pickin albums , like the Rolling Stones . This one was a real disappointment . Carlos Santana would have a mexican fit if he heard what they have done to his songs .
 Musician and author , Bill Cole writes in his biography of John Coltrane , `` In music the course has been to investigate the structural manifestations of jazz and put importance on THAT far exceeding its worth and to call THAT scolarship . ` In structural -LSB- mode analysis -RSB- , where form is held to determine content , its value is inflated beyond all reason , with the result that an analysis of how a thing is shaped or done is virtually now regarded as supplying the key to essence of its being ... ' '' -LRB- page 51 -RRB- This consideration posited by Cole holds a great deal of relevance to `` The Sophisticate '' released by The Marcus Shelby Trio . The eight compositions -LRB- incidentally sub-titled in French so as to assume worldly affectation -RRB- in this recording are based on a short story by Yimi Tong . The narrative is contained within the insert and depicts a brief chain of encounters between characters too similar to those one would come across in a story by the great crime novelist , Jim Thompson . Like the narrative , the music is written and interpreted in a `` style '' as dictated by a traditionalist 's perspective and loyally adheres to the conventional jazz formulas required by the neo-classicists to legitimize the authenticity of musical works . More often than not , the players sound more preoccupied with the idea of `` reading from the same page '' -LRB- and meeting the criteria OF that page -RRB- than with the idea of engaging each other directly . It 's almost as though the musicians trust what they are reading on the paper more than what they are hearing from each other . As a result the groups efforts sound self-concious in their execution . -LRB- Contrary to popular belief , such self-conciousness IS NOT synonymous with selectivity or judiciousness . -RRB- The capacity of the trio 's membership is immediately apparent . Each is obviously disciplined , proficient both individually and as a group to handle any situation , or so one would suspect . And yet , the first question to come to mind concerning this recording is why would such dexterous musicians feel compelled to negotiate each piece so conservatively ? One factor that is indigenous to any great work can be measured by the degree the artist is challenged by the task at hand AND by the degree others are challnged by the result of his actions in undertaking such a task . Intrinsic to the architecture of challenge are two components which rely on and perpetually compliment each other
 I ca n't find one really catchy song here and the voices sound rather weak . They try to be a bit like TLC , but they fail .
 The Comedian Harmonists were an exceptional and excellent group of five singers with piano from Germany c 1927-33 with the cleverest arrangements and tight , harmonious delivery featuring musical instrument imitations and syncopated rhythms that will not be found elsewhere . They were a magical , absolutely delightful group . I had thought this CD would be a duplication of their arrangements and harmonies but twere n't so . These songs do NOT use the terrific , dazzling and absolutely unique Frommermann arrangements and are a lame and feeble attempt to arrive at an approximation of the Harmonists ' style , failing altogether to capture the Harmonists ' marvelous musical blend and thoroughly professional , masterful perfection . With three falsetto singers , the Kings ' Singers never even had a chance to imitate the Harmonists and then with these weak rather conventional arrangements , the failure was assured . Do n't waste your money with this mediocre but well meaning tribute which does not at all capture the brilliance of the Harmonists .
 The playing of Sviatoslav Richter is superb , but the sound is appaling , very dim . The old , Melodya LP recording was much brighter !
 This music is n't very exciting and it 's not nearly as dark as some would have you believe or what the title implies . This album has little in common with the surf tunes and buzzsaw distortion of their acclaimed debut PSYCHOCANDY . The song `` Darklands '' sounds too much like Bowie 's `` Heroes '' -LRB- if you know what I mean - the melody is a little too similar -RRB- and I get the feeling that 's not the only thing ripped-off on this album . Not that it really matters much anyway because there 's plenty of songs I do like that rips off other peoples ' music.I 'm sure many would slag my opinion , but it just comes down to a question of taste - and this album tastes pretty bland to me . However , it 's certainly NOT true that all of J&MC ; 's albums sound the same and there 's 2 very different sounding ones that I would recommend far more than DARKLANDS
 This music is n't very exciting and it 's not nearly as dark as some would have you believe or what the title implies . The song `` Darklands '' sounds too much like Bowie 's `` Heroes '' -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- and I get the feeling that 's not the only thing ripped-off on this album . Not that it really matters much anyway because there 's plenty of music I do like that rips off other tunes.I 'm sure many would slag my opinion , but it just comes down to a question of taste and this album tastes pretty bland to me . However , it 's certainly NOT true that all of J&MC 's albums sound the same and there 's 2 very different sounding ones that I would recommend far more than DARKLANDS
 Unhappily , I disagree . The conducting and playing are appallingly sloppy , given that this is a studio recording , not a live performance recorded . Frequently , the soloists are ahead of the orchestra , and the chorus exists in its own space warp . The ssoloists , yes , are wonderful , but they do NOT displace and in fact hardly compete with the line-up of Gedda , Christoff , and de los Angeles . I was shocked at the inaccuracies of the ensemble work , and the muddy acoustic swallows many instrumental and choral lines that are perfectly coherent and balanced in the much earlier Angel recording from 1959 -LRB- likewise and French conductor and orchestra and a Russian Mephistopheles -RRB- . How far standards fell merely 20 years later . The editions of the opera in both sets are not quite the same -LRB- a couple of scenese are cut from the beginning of Act IV -RRB- , but the overall clarity and French lilt of the earlier Angel set make it , in my opinion , demonstrably superior with respect to sheer correct musicianship .
 Unfortunately this version is predictably disappointed , as Freni and Domingo bear no any comparison with Los Angeles and Gedda . No French style , no enough understanding , no normal French language . Certainly , both of them -LRB- Freni and Domingo -RRB- are great singers , I like them but they are not up to the mark of this music product at all . If you start singing in French your listener is not interested of you do n`t know it and of you do n`t understand what you are singing : -LRB- But if you fan of Freni or Domingo , - just enjoy .
 No posso opinar a respeito do produto porque ainda no o recebi . E deveria t-lo recebido at&eacute; 12 de abril . Faam alguma coisa !
 It 's 1963 and Stevie Wonder 's voice is changing.What does Barry Gordy go off and do?He sets Wonder up with asuper club-type big band and has the youngster crooning standards such as the title track , `` Get Happy '' and even `` Put On A Happy Face '' . I do n't get it-these are not the kind oftunes that Wonder had , did or will ever be known for singing andadd to that his crackling voice gamely struggling on every non-original number.No 13 year old should ever have to bear thestigma of this kind of music ; it 's meant for the seasonedperformers such as Nat Cole , Frank Sinatra and even Ray Charlesperhapes but NOT Little Stevie Wonder!Well Gordy 's desperatemove to get noticed by the white lounge crowd backfired ; whilethis album is competantly performed and confidantly sung thegeneral performance leans more toward campy comedy at best andsome of Stevie 's attempts to reach high notes are unintentioanlly hilerious.So steer clear of this-go buy anEquivel or a Les Baxter album instead because they 're a betterexample of this kind of thing .
 little stevie singing standards?in late december 1963 motown records released stevie wonder 's `` with a song in my heart '' - a collection of standard originals.his voice sounds promising , but quite simply put the youngster is just 2 young and not old enough 2 sing these types of songs because his voice has not reached the maturity that it would later attain.this collectionof standards has little stevie reaching 4 notes that causes his still developing voice 2 crack and strain on several songs on this album.little stevie was not alone in singing standards because other acts at motown were forced 2 do standards as well 2 appeal 2 the white audiences of which berry gordy wanted his performers 2 perform in larger venues.on this album , little stevie is backed by a full symphony orchestra , harps andviolins.little stevie knew that his voice was slightly off target on some of this material such as ` make someone happy ' and ` dream ' / the notes were 2 much 4 him.the track - `` on the sunny side of the street `` is the only track on this album where stevie takes a break from his still developing young vocals and plays his harmonica . ` give your heart a chance'is the only motown original from this collection.it 's just one of the few songs alongside `` with a song in my heart '' on this album where little stevie does not have 2 reach 4 high notes as his voice glides comfortably with the music.despite the fact that this album was a disaster 4 him and the material that little stevie was not quite accustomed 2 , he nonetheless had youthful exuberance in doing this album.by the summer of 1964 , little stevie wouldswitch musical directions once again under the guidance of motown and do an album of beach music with much more better results entitled , `` stevie at the beach '' which featured ` castles in the sand ' / ` hey harmonica man ' / ` happy street ' / and the very cool and relaxing instrumentals ` red sails in the sunset ` and ` ebbtide ' / this album was recorded during the time of the beach craze nearing the mid 1960s and motown wanted 2 take advantage of the trend of which the 14 year old stevie made a brief appearance in hollywood movies such as `` muscle beach party '' and `` bikini beach party '' ...
 Edmond D&eacute;d&eacute; was a free-born Creole of color born in the 1820s in New Orleans . He moved to France and lived most of his adult life in Bordeaux , where he had an active musical life , primarily as a theatre conductor . The music on this disc is presented primarily , I imagine , because it represents music by an early African-American composer . It is primarily in the form of quadrilles , galops , waltzes and the like . One can easily imagine some of this music played at house parties or dances . Unfortunately , I ca n't imagine wanting to hear it more than once . And the performances themselves , although spirited , are pretty clunky.I admire Naxos for recording so much unknown American music , but I think they might have picked something better than this .
 IN comparison to the other Jamiroquai albums , this is the worst . Upon hearing that they were releasing a new album that went back to the good days of Traveling - i was like `` PIMP !! '' jamiroquai is my favorite band . i went and got it . listened to all the songs once through , and was satisfied with # 2 and # 5 . the rest are ... hmm . . they just do n't have the jamiroquai spice . looking at the credits , you 'll see that there are all new members except Sola and Derrick . i think the real soul in Jamiroquai came from the keyboards and the bass . without that u just got this mish-mash of a cd that should n't have been released .
 What happened to the band I love ? This album marks a true low point in Jamiroquai 's history as well as possibly the declared date of the death of `` Acid Jazz '' . The downfall , which started with Stu Zenders -LRB- bass -RRB- departure , ends with the departure of Toby Smith -LRB- keys -RRB- . The band known as Jamiroquai today is a faint reminder of the power-house they used to be with the only original member , Jay Kay , being left driving this out-of-control coked-up train to lord knows where.The album
 Ever since bass player Stuart Zender left the band , it has been gradually going downhill . `` Traveling Without Moving '' still breathed some influence from his great lines and songwriting , but all releases after that are actually flat and boring compared to the soulful acid jazz extravaganza of the first two albums . Especially the tracks with a house beat really make me cringe . Why does Jay Kay want to appeal to the club going masses so much ? The only thing I can think of is
 I can no longer support a group that wo n't make the effort in expanding and trying different things . Unlike the original incarnation of Jamiroquai ... long gone are the days of the crew who were more than just an eclectic group of musicians and imaginative , natural born talents . Now , Jamiroquai has become just another group in passing , painstakingly trying to recapture it 's gloys days of the early 90 's . Yet , Dynamite is n't a total disaster . It 's highlights include Seven Days In Sunny June , Feels Just Like It Should and Talullah.However , it 's difficult to ignore it 's bad points . The songwriting is probably the worst i 've heard since j.lo 's ` rebirth ' album , which i find to be very surprising since jay has always been an excellent writer.Then there 's the music . I have grown sick and tired of their crappy and overly repetative disco/techno hybird sound . It was a neat vibe they jumped off with on synchonized , but then ... they took it past it 's expiration date on ' A Funk Odyssey ' and , then ... semi-reheated it on this album.It 's almost as if Jamiroquai is n't quite sure where to take it 's direction in music anymore ... whereas , it was instantanious in it 's early years when ingenuity and imagination allowed jamiroquai to become the litmus test in modern day music.The hunger is no longer there . The passion is no longer there . They jumped the shark , became rock stars and Jamiroquai has clearly run it 's course . And although I 'm done supporting them , the memories of thier great catalog of music still remains golden .
 This album is garbage ! A lot of people are saying that it reminds them of Traveling Without Moving which I do n't understand because THAT my friends is a GREAT album but not this one . Jamiroquai 's first three albums are masterpieces in my opinion . The horn arrangements in Emergency On Planet Earth and Traveling are tight and funky . This album lacks the funk and arrangements that made me such a big Jamiroquai fan.I keep buying his albums hoping that they will get better but they are only getting worse . If you 're a fan like me and have to have it , I say buy it used . I was so excited to buy this album that I bought the import before it came out in the states . What a disappointment .
 I WAS EAGER ABOUT HEARING NEW MUSIC FROM ONE OF MY FAVORITE BANDS , JAMIROQUAI . AND AFTER SEEING SO MANY REVIEWS THAT HAD 4 TO 5 STARS I DECIDED TO BUY IT , WHAT A MISTAKE . THIS CD ONLY HAS 2 SOLID HITS THE REST IS GARBAGE . I WAS EXPECTING TO HEAR THE STYLE I WAS USE TO IN HIS OTHER HITS LIKE TRAVELLING AND RETURN OF THE SPACE COWBOY . THIS CD IS ALL OVER THE PLACE . SOME SONGS SOUND COUNTRY , OTHERS ARE ... I DO N'T KNOW WHAT TO CALL IT . READERS , PLEASE READ ALL THE REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING , I WISHED I HAD .
 Jamiroquai was happening back from 93-97 , but the formula of Emulating 70 's Era Roy Ayers , Donna Summers , Stevie Wonder & a few other folks has worn itself out . they been Grooving the same ole Groove Album , after Album without being called out on Writing a Song . Grooves are Nice & Important , but you need words & music . they have n't showed me much since about 97 . a typical One trick Pony who has been faking the funk .
 Nat recorded stereo versions of these songs . They are the superb recordings we all heard on the radio and fell in love with over the years . But this lame cd features many inferior , older mono recordings . Shame on Capital Records for getting it wrong , yet again . Add this to the already long list of incomplete Nat packages on the market . Why ca n't they do their homework and do it right ? Nat deserves the loving treatment the label reserves for Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin . The first half of this cd is just awful . But at least the second half is so great , you nearly forget how iratating the first has is ... Truely one of the greatest male vocalists of all time , regardless of genre . `` Let 's Face The Music And Dance '' is all the proof you need ...
 I was thrilled with Al 's first soul album in almost 30 years -LRB- `` I ca n't stop '' -RRB- , and I was happy to know that he and Willie had another new effort . Unfortunately -LRB- IMO -RRB- , this CD is over-produced and way too slick . The songs are uneventful , and nothing really stands out . I have n't listened to this CD since the first week I bought it . Sorry , I love Al and I have all of his music , and I hope he keeps recording , but he 's capable of SO much better than this .
 I am a long time -LRB- since the 70s -RRB- Al Green devotee . And I 'm just very disappointed with this cd . There are a few songs that I enjoy , but very few . I think mostly what is bothering me with this cd is that there seems to be waaaaaay too much caterwauling . Meaning screeching and hollering . Now I can certainly appreciate Al Green 's enthusiam and getting into the energy of the song and I do n't mind some `` outbursts '' , but it is excessive on this cd and after I listened to it the first time it really got on my nerves . It is n't that I ca n't embrace his new recordings like some of my friends who only want to hear the old stuff . I really liked the last cd , `` I ca n't stop '' and I was very excited to hear that this new cd was coming out . Sorry out there to all the Al Green fans , but if you have to choose between this new cd and his last new cd `` I ca n't stop '' I certainly would n't pick this newest one .
 In 2003 , The Reverend Al Green dropped religious title and pretense , and got back to his roots with the lovely I Ca n't Stop , an album that equaled his best years as last generation 's top secular soul singer . Everything 's OK - number two out of the box for Al since being un-born again - fell far short of I Ca n't Stop 's rough-n-ready soul vibe . If these cheesy lyrics and schlocky production quality are all Mr. Green has to offer , he 'd better start shilling for Jesus , again .
 There was just way too many slow ballads on this album . These guys are great vocally and lyrically but the beats they use do n't work well . Need more tracks like How Deep Is Your Love and Real Freak . I think they 'll realize it soon though and they 're on the right track with that bangin ' remix for You are Everything .
 i did not like this CD . . it was unoriginal and boring at best . the lyrics and sounds are unimpressive . nothing new here . if u buy this CD u will regret it as well as bring shame and disgrace to you and your entire family
 Mostly girls like it . But for guys this album is very boring . The song with Method Man is sweet . But this album is not a keeper in my book . I heard their first album is better . Get the first album instead .
 Man i thought dru hill would make way betta music then what they put out luckly i got the album by a dub cd , 2 maybe 3 good songs tops , they made to much junk and put out weak to many weak songs with no meaning now isint dru hill post to be a r & b group so why they try to take it to a dance pop joint of half there tracks best track on there easily these are the times
 this group needs to quit with the straight up biting of jodeci.this group does n't know the word originality.wack and boring cd.them and 112 can put you asleep real fast .
 Jeez ... when I first got this CD , I was conviced it would have at least ten good songs out of the seventeen . It turns out , the only good songs happen to be `` How Deep Is Your Love ? '' `` Real Freak '' and `` Holding You '' . I thought that the song with Method Man would be a tight track . Though it 's catchy and is probably the fastest song on the album it just does n't cut the string . I do n't hate the album yet I just do n't think it 's Dru Hill at their beast . I do n't have their first album , but I 'm sure it 's better than this one.Another thing is the terrible beats . Ginuwine was smart to get Timabaland to help him with his album . The only tracks with tight beats are the ones I talked about earlier plus `` This Is What We Do '' . Lyrically , they are fine . The best singer of the whole group is Sisqo . I 'm glad he tried a solo.If you liked Dru Hill 's first album then get this one . If you do n't have Dru 's first album , forget it . -_- I HOPE THE NEXT ALBUM IS BETTER -_-
 nobody should buy this c
 ... and that 's because I do n't think that this CD is very good . Lately , I 've been reviewing duds and this CD is no exception . The first 10 tracks are pretty boring , minus track number 10 , One Good Reason which is OK but nothing spectacular . Another two of those tracks are the intro and the first pointless interlude . Track 11 , is another interlude and the song Angel is n't terrible but it 's pretty average . Not classic Dru Hill like I 'm used to . What Do I Do With The Love is up next and it 's another average track . You have NO idea how disappointing this CD is . Finally , with track 14 we get a good song , Beauty . I 've heard this one a couple of times and I like it a lot . Moving on ... These Are The Times is the next track and it 's a keeper . Not classic , but good , nonetheless . Sure did take them a LONG time to start to get things right . The Love We Had -LRB- Stays On My Mind -RRB- is a great , great song . Probably the best here . Finally , track 17 , the final track is called What Are We Gon na Do Now . Is it good ? Well , it 's better than anything that was offered from track one to ten but it still does n't stand out all that much.The best songs here are : The Love We Had -LRB- Stays On My Mind -RRB- -LRB- This is classic Dru Hill , in my eyes -RRB- BeautyThese Are The TimesWhat Are We Gon na DoAll in all , I definitely expected more out of them because they are a good R&B ; group that really brought it with their debut . `` April Showers '' , `` All Alone '' , `` So Special '' and `` 5 Steps '' are some great , classic R&B ; tunes . This release has `` average '' written all over it . Definitely a sophomore slump .2.5 stars .
 Borderline second album featuring Sisqo and the boys from Baltimore . Lots of attitude and sass , but the songs never graduate from the predictable . Even the Babyface-penned `` These Are the Times '' is a bit of a snooze . This record is n't a disaster , but it comes VERY close .
 Well , I suppose if you like all the slow songs then go buy this CD . For me The first 4 were the only good ones . So basically I blew 17 dollars on a not so good cd . Sure it has a lot of songs , and maybe it is worth the money to some people , but my opinion is that it was a sad and boring cd .
 That 's all you can say . The album is weak . There are only two good songs on the whole album , which are These Are The Times & The Love We Had -LRB- Stays On My Mind -RRB- . My advice to you is not get this weak album .
 I keep hearing people say this CD is so good , but I guess maybe I 'm not listening to it enough . I like a few songs on it , but the whole thing is n't worth putting on repeat -- you better shuffle it with another CD .
 After a perfect first album , I was waiting for a new Bomb , but this sophomore album from the Dru really disappoint me . Where are the solid smooth songs like `` Tell me '' or the funky sounds ? . Two mediocre mid-tempo songs and too many ballads without any feeling . Let my give you an advice Dru
 The recording is very good -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . It 's the King 's Singers -LRB- another star -RRB- . It ends there . I do not like these arrangements . The over-done extended tertian harmonies offend me when paired with traditional folk songs . I was expecting the English countryside , and I got Las Vegas show-glitz . I 'm glad I did n't pay much for this CD because I will not be listening to it .
 Most of the music sounds like coming out of a barbershop contest . Once in a awhile I pick a bad one and this is it .
 First of all , that 's not Long John Baldry on the cover , he does n't paly harmonica , and after touring with him for 20 years , I should know.Baldry never released a CD called `` Midnight in New Orleans `` There 's no label listed here , and the 2 cds listed here were released by Stony Plain . Hopefully Amazon will check these a little better to make sure they 're not bootlegs
 These enhanced cds are awsome I owen them all ! The sound is Incredable Its the best remasters out there ! That I know of . You all so get videos for you to play on your pc ! It rocks and its cool !
 This is probably my favorite Iron Maiden album . The highlights are Aces High , 2 Minutes to Midnight , Powerslave , Back in the Village , and the Rime of the Ancient Mariner . Buy it now !
 Well I dont know what any one sees in iron maiden personaly ? I never got into their music ... I dont know.The lead singers vocals or the rest of the band ! I have listing to every single song made by iron maiden to see if i would atleast like one but nope ... Just ca n't get into them !! Well anyways , The production on this album is weak and the lirycs are mediocre plus the guitars are plain damn boring with the un original solos which needs some work ... I might add ! I know alot of bands that would make iron maiden look untalented one of them is king diamond ... Now , those guys are an awsome band with talent and originality and amazing solos with intense lirycs and king diamond never gets boring unlike my buddys over here known as iron maiden ! I swear i got so bored while listining to this album that i fellasleep haha ! If you want an excellent band pick king diamond and skipt iron maiden ! Down with the irons !!
 First off , I 'm a huge fan of heavy medal and punk and all kinds of hardkore rock , my friends know me as that crazy guy that likes all that head-banging musik !! I was rekommended this album cuz all my friends know of my love for hardkore musik , so I was prepared to be blown away , but when I played this album , I had to wonder what the heck this band was smoking when they recorded this album !! The worst part is the singer , its not medal the way he sings , he 's trying to be an opera singer , the lyrics are weird , and there 's no rap or hip-hop parts in his vocal delivery !! The guitar players are all over the place , its pretty confusing !! The bass player is turned up wayyy too much in the mix and the drumber might as well not even show up !! There are better bands , I say buy anything from harder edged bands like KoRn , Limp Bizkit , Linkin Park , Hawthorne Heights , Taking Back Sunday , Green Day , Good Charlotte , My Chemical Romance , Fall Out Boy , Kid Rock , Papa Roach , Atreyu , Slipknot , Death Cab For Cutie , All american Rejects and intelligent hip-hop artists like Kanye West , 50 cent , nelly , Jay-Z , Juvenile and Chingy !! Leave this Iron Maiden band to rot in the cut-out bin at your used rekord store , hahha !! Go Bengals !! Who-Dey !!!
 Two stars ` cos it 's an Ac/Dc album . If any other band had recorded Stiff Upper Lip , i would 've given it the full five stars ! I 've been tryin ' to discover what makes this album worse than the others , i still so n't know . It 's just that there 's no variation in the songs , no energy . Somethin 's missin ' . But anyway , you ca n't stop 'em !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I ca n't believe AC/DC have put out yet another album of filler . If I remember correctly , this must be the fourth all filler AC/DC album . Flick of the Switch , Fly on the Wall , Ballbreaker ... and now this . Just listen to any one of those albums and compare it to one of their GOOD records like Back in Black or Highway to Hell ... the difference is astonishing . Its just so obvious that the band members are running on autopilot , putting out lazy half @ssed tunes just to keep the royalties coming in.I hav n't listened to this abomination in five years , but the half @ssed songwriting ideas were so unoriginal and trashy that I can still remember them to this day . The word `` AWFUL '' does n't even begin to describe it . The songs are so dull and boring , they just grate on my ears . The monotonous guitar riffs , the repetitive lyrics , the predictable song structures ... its just a pain in the @ss to listen to ! An industrial sized electric fan running at full speed is more fun to listen to than this piece of cr@p!In closing , I 'd just like to warn any AC/DC fans out there who are considering buying this record
 This record is same old , same old . The need a drummer that can play a second beat . Time to retire boys .
 Have n't these guys heard the phrase , `` quit while you 're ahead ! '' Boring , boring , boring . They obviously ran out of lyrics after the first verse in the first song ! I play there music with my band every weekend , but none of these tunes will find there way into our set list !
 This is by far the worst cd from anti christ-devil ` s child.To say that this cd blows is a gross understatement.I can not believe all the clone reviews out there .5 stars , are you out of your -LRB- mind -RRB- , i use the term mind losely .
 This album sucks bad . I love AC/DC but this is lame . The songs are dull , uninspired and VERY forgettable . Satellite Blues and Safe In NYC are ok , but the rest of them are just plain bad . I think the biggest problem is more than likely that Brian Johnson does n't take any part in the songwriting and it shows . Angus and Malcom are good songwriters , but the best post-Bon Scott era AC/DC songs have always been written by Angus , Malcom AND Brian .
 Like many people I can practically trace my identity to AC/DC . I came of age in the late 70s and early 80s buying up every album I could lay my hands on . In my opinion , there has never been a better front man in the history of rock and roll than Bon Scott . But the boys really came back strong with Back In Black , and followed it well with For Those About To Rock . In the 19 years since the latter album , they have recorded about three songs that are worth a damn , and it kills me to say that this new effort does n't improve upon that track record at all . I will be first in line to see them live , but I hope they stick to the great old stuff .
 AC/DC is one of the best bands of all times , but there just getting little old . They cant rock like they used too . At least there making money !
 everysong on this album is brutally bad.agnus young 's guitar still sounds great but brian johnson 's vocal 's on this cd is horrific.is this really the same guy who sang vocals on back in black?the song stiff upper lip is the lamest song i ever heard ac/dc performed.if this is the best material they can produced , then maybe it 's time they called it a career .
 Stiff Upper Lip , AC/DC 's 15th studio album , may not reach the heights of Back in Black or Highway to Hell , but it delivers strongly and satisfyingly . It 's the record that the highly-touted , Rick Rubin-produced Ballbreaker should have been
 I mainly bought this album because I was going to see them on this tour . In fact the gig I was at was the opening show on the tour . Again , the band uses their patented formula basically creating the same album over and over again . I find most of this album to be very average . Actually after listening , this album is not very good at all . The majority of the songs are clich&eacute; ridden in both music and lyrics . There are a couple of catchy tracks most notably `` Safe In New York City '' which is a bit different but most of this album is cock rock at its most basic . Probably one of the bands weakest efforts .
 Before I begin let me just say , I was once the biggest AC/DC fan in the world . I 've been buying their albums since 1978 . That said , it saddens me to say that this is the last AC/DC album I will ever buy . Ever since 1983 's Flick of the Switch it 's been all downhill . Explain something to me - if you 're one of the ones giving this album four and five stars , do you honestly feel this collection of JUNK is as good as Back in Black ? If so , please go see a shrink . This album would n't be worth 50 cents in a dollar store . Where do I start with this mess ? -LRB- 1 -RRB- Brian Johnson 's voice is shot . He sounds like an 80 year old lady being strangled . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Angus ' riffs are dull dull DULL . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The chorus of each song is repeated constantly -LRB- I feel safe in NY CITY , I feel safe in NY City , I feel safe in NY City , etc etc etc -RRB- . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Phil Rudd -LRB- never a great drummer -RRB- plays as if he is on 20 doses of codeine , playing the same dull beat for every dragging song . -LRB- Hey Phil - you got arthritis ? How about a drum roll every now and then ? -RRB- -LRB- 5 -RRB- Lyrics are the dumbest ever -LRB- I know that 's saying a lot -RRB- . They sound like they 've been written by an angry eleven year old . -LRB- 6 -RRB- There is not ONE remotely interesting song on this album . The best song on this album is not as good as the worst on For Those About to Rock . Ai n't that sad?As good as Back in Black ? Sure , dude - and Bon Scott is actually still alive and living as a Buddhist monk deep in the Himalaya 's . This is a band that should have given it up after Razor 's Edge -LRB- 1990 -RRB- . Angus , it was nice knowing you , but check yourself into the nearest rest home - the game 's over .
 AC/DC seem to have made a career out of naming their albums after cliches . Razor 's Edge , Back In Black , Fly on the Wall . Now we have Stiff Upper Lip and the music is just atrocious . This is an example of a once great band that has outlived their usefullness . Angus Young just does n't look right in that school boy outfit now that he is in his fourties . As for his riffs on this release , well , nothing you have n't heard on every other AC/DC release . If there next release has the title of a tired cliche lets hope it 's called `` Throw In The Towel '' .
 I do n't have a problem with ac/dc , -LRB- Except that Brian Johnston ca n't sing worth a damn -RRB- , they have a cool sound , but this album is old , They need some new material . They WERE a great band in the Bon Scott days , and even Back in Black was great , but they 're getting old , and should give it up pretty soon , or at least experiment a bit . I sure hope they get back to Back in Black fourm .
 I like most of AC/DC 's music , but I ca n't stand their latest album Stiff Upper Lip . Stiff Upper Lip is the only AC/DC album where you can play it all the way through , and not even hear one good song . Stiff Upper Lip does n't even come close to being as good as Back in Black or Highway to Hell . Every song on it just bugs the heck out of me . Listening to one song off this album is enough to test my patience ; but enduring all 12 of these musical abominations is enough to drive me crazy ! The overall sound is very similar to their earlier albums like Highway to Hell or Back in Black . BUT ... those CDs had variety , they were semi original , and they were actually pretty good . THIS CD is just completely worthless . I have heard some cra ppy CDs in my lifetime , but none of them were more pain to listen to than this . The vocalist sounds about 10 times worse than he did on their earlier albums , the music is chunky , repetitive , dull , and boring , and most of the songs sound the same . Stiff Upper Lip is so bland and dull sounding that it sounds more like the monotonous droning of an electric fan than a rock n roll band . The music is so repetitive and similar sounding that its more like listening to the same annoying song for 60 minutes than 12 separate tracks . This CD is just unbelievaby terrible . It is a disgrace to this band 's legacy , and the band members should be embarrased by it . Oh well , I guess they probably only made this album because they needed to fulfill their record contract , so I guess they do n't care about how awful it is anyway . All I can tell you potential buyers is to stay as far away from this piece of garbage as possible . It is a TOTAL piece of cr ap and it is not fit to listen to . Go buy a GOOD AC/DC CD like Let there Be Rock , High Voltage , Powerage , Highway to Hell , or Back in Black . Stiff Upper Lip suc ks so hard it leaves a big purple bruise . It 's so awful I 'd rather listen to the new Nickelback CD than this !
 Feeble attempt to reclaim their 80s notariety . It is obvious that the band has not progressed to meet the changing tastes of modern society . In fact , it seems they have regressed . You can only take so much of the same old stuff . Be sure to have your finger on the skip button before you sit down to listen to this one .
 Ac/Dc was popular in the 70 's and 80 's . When people wore tight pants and listened to two bands with music for the brain dead.The music was rock.The bands?Metallica and AC/DC . The songs are about ... what ? can somebody answer that ? Please ... AC/DC made good CD 's in the 80 's . Hang it up and dont embarass yourself . And for the 40 year old people who bought this , or are going to , save your money.GOOD JOB AC/DC , BUT NOW IT 'S TIME TO QUIT .
 It 's unbeliavable the lack of auto-criticism of these guys ! Can it be possible that Brian Johnson -LRB- and the Young brothers -RRB- hear his vocals and do not realize that it 's gone forever ? Ca n't he see tha his voice now is simply annoying , tuneless , without any vocals inflections , no change between songs?Ac / DC has been mocking his fans for a long time . Why ? Because they simply do n't care anymore . That 's the only reasonable explanations for releasing twelve identical songs that repeat their choruses over and over againa ; for Phil Rudd 's worst drumming ever ; for Johnson lack of voice ; for Angus ludicrous solos ; for the lyrics reaching an all time low -LRB- giving sequence to the obnoxious lyrics of BALLBREAKER -RRB- . It seems they are having fun and trying to live under the motto
 Why did I buy this cd ?? It is so bad that I gave it to my grandma , she then burned it on top of the rest of my worthless acdc collection chanting `` BURN SATAN , BURN . This brougt a smile to my face : -RRB- dont buy , avoid like the plague .
 GARBAGE.THAT IS A GOOD WORD FOR THIS.ALOT OF THROW AWAY SONGS AND VERY FEW KEEPERS.THIS IS NOT AC/DC IN THERE PRIME ANY MORE.THAT WAS LOST WAY BACK IN THE SEVENTIES WITH GREAT RELEASES LIKE LET THERE BE ROCK , HIGHWAY TO HELL AND DIRTY DEEDS.OH , HOW I WISH BON SCOTT COULD COME BACK AND RESCUE THIS SAD SACKS SINKING SHIP.STAY AWAY FROM THIS RELEASE , IF YOU NEED TO HEAR BRIAN JOHNSON , GET BACK IN BLACK.ALL SONGS ON THIS ARE THE SAME .
 At my teenage son 's urging , I recently listened to this disc -LRB- twice -RRB- ... while it IS a more encouraging effort than the last few , it still pales -- and very much so -- in comparison to '70s - vintage Bon Scott stuff . In other words , it 's about a 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 -LRB- compared to recent ones scoring 1 or 2 -RRB- , but the WORST of Bon 's albums was a 7 or 8 . And I have to agree with some other reviews here . Brian Johnson 's voice sounds totally shot ... he relies way too much on the gravelly sound in hopes we 'll ignore the actual SINGING . Such was obvious , for instance , at their live show in Greensboro NC the other night . Johnson does n't get anywhere NEAR some of the high notes any more ... and these in the songs written by/for HIM , much less the Bon stuff -LRB- and nothing against Johnson , but hearing `` Bon 's songs '' sung by ANY other voice is simply a disappointment -RRB- . Speaking of that show -LRB- and to support my critique -RRB- ... for a tour that 's supposedly in support of `` Stiff Upper Lip , '' I found it incredibly telling that the band only played two -LRB- or was it three ? -RRB- songs off this album . The show relied HEAVILY on the old stuff . So I 'll give 'em credit ... these guys know what the long-time fans want -- and do n't want -- to hear.So if you 've just GOT TA have Brian Johnson 's vocals , stick with `` Back in Black '' -LRB- and we conspiracy theorists still believe that most/all of that one was written before Bon died , anyway -RRB- ... otherwise , stock up on Bon Scott 's stuff , crank up the volume , and let 'em rock .
 All this album features is AC/DC re-writing songs they already wrote . At least that 's what it seems . Everything sounds like we heard it somewhere before . There are some good songs on the album however , but not enough to give it more than 2 stars .
 I 've been listening to AC/DC for over 20 years.The songs on this particular album offer none of the uniqueness that makes any song a hit.I agree only with the fact that the sound of this CD is ac/dc , but the songs are way too dry and bland.Their previous CD was only slightly better than this one.If you want a good ac/dc album , try these more distinctive flavors of post Bon Scott ac/dc : Back in BlackThe Razor 's Edge .
 I listened to this album for about 2 minutes and could n't take anymore.All of the members in Ac/Dc is over forty years-old . Back In Black was bettter.All the songs on this album sound the same , start the same , and end the same.AC / DC IZ DEAD.Hell , Even Notorious BIG 's Album is better and half the songs are n't completed .
 I have had enough of AC/DC . As a matter of fact , I have had enough of all rock music.I had to listen to this CD two times over , so i know what it sounds like . `` Stiff Upper Lip '' is a senseless song , as with all AC/DC songs , ever since `` She Got Balls '' from the `` High Voltage '' Cd.And , all of the songs start out with the same sound , like they are scared to try something different.Brian Johnson ca n't sing , and the Angus brothers have really bad songwriting abilities.AC / DC NEEDS TO QUIT .
 I 'm seeing a lot of positive review here , but I have to disagree . AC/DC is one of my favorite bands , but I 'm the first one to admit when I think the music stinks . This CD sounds like it was put together in a week . The songs lack any flavor or talent ... it 's the same old A , E , D , and G chords , with a lot of intros played on the b and e strings -LRB- like the intro to `` Hard as a Rock '' , but not nearly as good -RRB- . To me , these songs sound `` lazy '' ... there 's no energy in them , and they all sound too similar.Let 's face it , they 're washed up and will never be able to top `` Back in Black '' , which has to be one of the greatest albums of all time . I just hope when they tour they only play the classics that made them famous , because this CD is n't worth listening to .
 As an avid AC/DC and owner of every one of their US/domestic albums -LRB- except Who Made Who -RRB- , this is , in my opinion , the weakest and worst album produced . It is extremely slow , lacks energy , and sounda like it was written and recorded during a weekend session . I ask all AC/DC fans
 AC/DC is no doubt one of the best rock bands of all time , but they are not growing as musicians . Sure , they can rock like they used too , but they seem to be out of ideas . The well is dry . Put out a anthology already !!! At least my favorite band Deep Purple keep coming up with good stuff , and with imagination ! The fact that Purple 's music continues to fascinate as well as puzzle after all this time is evidence we are dealing with art of the highest caliber.Anyway , better luck next time Angus & Co.Stiff Upper Lip ~ AC/DC
 I like Ac/Dc as much as the next guy but come on . Everyone of these songs sound similiar . Same bass line , same drum beat played at different tempos , Angus Young playing his `` look at me solos '' , and above it all , tone deaf Brian Johnson croaking out asinine lyrics and repeating the song titles 20 times.This album sounds like the unused material from Ballbreaker only worse . Ac/Dc used to be fresh and original back in the 70 's and early 80 's , but now they just need to give it up , or at least put out an all instrumential album .
 I remember this CD coming out around 1999 , and at that time I thought it was the worst album AC/DC ever made . Now it is seven years later and I still think the same thing . AC/DC sounds burnt out and over the hill , as if they 've ran out of good material , and are now just putting out a bunch of half @ssed filler to keep the royalties coming in . The music is boring , and the lyrics are dumb
 Uau , people say this is their best album since `` BACK IN BLACK '' . H&aacute; , H&aacute; , H&aacute; !! What about `` FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK '' ? Even `` THE RAZORS EDGE '' ??!! DO n't buy this album based on the good reviews below . I love AC/DC , but it 's clear that Malcolm and his pals released this CD only for the paycheck . Johnson ca n't even scream anymore , Phil Rudd seem to be playing his drums while he 's sleeping ; Cliff Williams 's bass is even more low than other albuns . THis CD is one of the worst AC/DC albuns ever . it 's worser than BALLBREAKER .
 please follow this warning and disconnect this cd immediately ! this is the worst album by ac/dc to date.a full refund should be given to anyone , who was foolish enough to buy it.plus a little something extra for pain and suffering !
 AC/DC will sell this album simply by having the AC/DC logo on it , which is sad . maybe they keep remaking Back in Black every two-eight years becasue no one calls it what it is . AC/DC needs some critisism to make some good music other then another rehash of back in black riffs/sound with different lamer lyrics .
 I 've been a hardcore AC/DC fan since 1979 so naturally I bought this CD the week it originally came out . In the 5 years since then it still does nothing for me . I know a lot of times you have to listen to music repeatedly to really appreciate it but this collection of tunes leaves a lot to be desired.I gave it another try after I recently purchased the Family Jewels DVD -LRB- which is awesome ! -RRB- . The first thing any fan has to notice is that there is no straight forward , blistering , jamming , crank it to the max song on the entire CD.I have every AC/DC album released in the U.S. and they all have at least one song that makes you want to crank the volume and bang your head like there 's no tomorrow . Not Stiff Upper Lip . Although `` Safe in New York City '' and `` Satellite Blues '' have catchy riffs not one other song is memorable in any sense of the word . Its like the guys recorded the first thing that came to mind . And believe me its nothing original.At this stage of the game its hard to say if this will be their last effort but if it is I would have thought that they would have gone out with a bang instead of this collection of toned down , rehashed sounding material . What happened to that riff-maker attitude?Watch Family Jewels or listen to any other album and then listen to this and see if you do n't find yourself asking `` is this the best they could do ? '' .
 What kind of AC/DC fan can say this album is great ?? AC/DC is a legendary band , I love it , one ca n't rip scorn at their work , never !!! But that does n't mean you should close your eyes to the truth . This album is crap . It has nothing to do with the `` BON COTT TIME VERSUS BRIAN JOHNSON TIME '' . No , both have their merits The fact is
 Back In Black and Highway to Hell have got to be two of the best rock albums ever -- catchy riffs by Angus , and vocal-chord-shredding vocals by Bon/Brian . Now though , Angus is playing the same ol' riffs repackaged , Brian -LRB- for those of you who do n't keep up on current events , BON IS DEAD ! -RRB- probably DID shred his vocal chords on earlier stuff , and even though i have no problem with the songwriting on the album , the musicians are not anywhere near good enough for me to spin this album more than once . i was especially looking foreword to this after hearing how great Bon Jovi and Aerosmith 's new albums -LRB- Crush and Just Push Play , respectively -RRB- were , but AC/DC -- one of the greatest hard rock bands of all time -- ai n't what they used to be.Okay , that was my good side talking . Here 's my nasty side . This album sucks . Brian 's voice , which used to be one of the best on the planet , sound like an old lady , a choking cat , yoda , and maybe a little of his old signature sound under all that . Angus has run out of cool little riffs -LRB- Back In Black , Highway to Hell , etc. -RRB- . Also , he and Malcom ai n't so young . The musicianship is not bad , but to quote Aerosmith , `` It 's just the same old song and dance my friend . '' These guys do n't sound like AC/DC . They sound like posers .
 AC/DC has a secret that they have to selling a shizbot or records
 AC/DC was a very good band in the 70s but when Bon Scott died the legend left many though . Till the 80s when they met Brain Johnson who brought the band back . Back in Black was a very good Album , and not many bands write a song to their old friend who passed away . Back In Black was the song to Bon . Angus Young is known as one of the best guitar players who can only play 3 chords I heard . I respect them for still playing at this age they are at , but the newer alubum isnt so good . I am not saying they went down , I still love them alot . .
 I 'm an AC/DC fan , but I must say that `` Stiff Upper Lip '' ranks among one of the worst albums I have ever heard.Most of the songs have the AC/DC sound , but none of them have anything special that makes them stand out , basically it 's all filler , the songs are bland.I think their starting to have the same trouble they had from 81-91 not writing very strong material .
 I got this CD , and could n't believe this was AC/DC . True , Angus Young 's guitar is still good , and i had high hopes for this album . But as soon as Brian Adams starts singing , it kills the album . His voice , which kicked a $ $ back in '86 -LRB- Back In Black -RRB- now sounds like a cross between an old lady and Yoda . I have listened to this CD three times and tried to make myself like it . I just ca n't . The only half-way decent song is ... well , I ca n't think of a half-way decent song . If you want AC/DC , pick up Back In Black , For Those About to Rock , or Powerage -LRB- the last one being a Bon Scott classic -RRB- . This album disgrases the title of AC/DC .
 First off , I LOVE Back In Black , Highway To Hell , Dirty Deeds and all the old albums . . Middle 80s I started tiring of the same old ACDC sound . After hearing a few tunes on Razor 's Edge I bought it and LOVED it also . MoneyTalks , Are You Ready , Thunderstruck , etc. . . Then Ballbreaker came out and it was Horrible . Now this ... For the life of me I cant figure out why all the reviewers are raving about this album . I will not slam anyone 's opinion , but this certainly isnt Classic . It seems to me that the reviewers on here on the DIE HARD ACDC fans , which is GREAT ! But if you want a true review of an album then you need to get a review by someone that might not be as biased . To me it seems like the band said ` How many times can we keep saying the title of the song with the same basic chords in the background ? ' Just listen to the CD and you will hear what I am saying . . Safe In New York City is a great example of this . . `` Safe in New York CIty , Safe In new York City , etc. . . blahblahblah `` Anyway , if anyone is looking to buy this CD , do yourself a favor and follow me to the Used CD store where you can purchase the one I am getting rid of . Sorry to say this but it is true .
 Stiff Upper Lip is nothing quite that special . In its nearly 25 year history , AC/DC has never penned lyrics that are this bad . The repetition on tracks like SUL and House of Jazz reak of the creative flavor of say Back in Black or even Ballbreaker for that matter . AC/DC has slowed in pace and tends to shift more towards a blues flavor now , but for the most part it works well . `` Satelitte Blues '' tastes damn fine and probably is better than any track on Ballbreaker or Razors Edge , but the rest of the album is just plain uninspiring . Many fans are just happy to see AC/DC back from a 4-year recording hiatus , and there initial enthusiasm might skew their view on this new recording . Will this disk be in their players say a month from now ? Bet on it , but it wo n't be taking the place of any Bon era CDs anytime soon .
 I love AC/DC and I was very excited when this album came out mainly because they have not recorded an album with new matierial in 3 or 4 years . I was very disappointed ! Brian Johnson 's voice is wearing out and it shows on this album especially in the live songs -LRB- I bought the Stiff Upper Lip DVD too . -RRB- Angus and Malcom 's riffs are n't that catchy!Stiff Upper Lip is the best song and after that there are n't anymore songs that will stick in your head or even make you think , hay that was pretty good .
 To say that all AC/DC albuns are the same is an offense , even if Angus himself may have said it sometime . It 's an offense , because it would mean that mediocre albuns like this STIF , BALLBREAKER , FLY ON THE WALL , etc are in the same league as all Bon Scott 's albuns and BACK in BLACK and FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK .
 Only one trouble here
 I 'm a huge AC/DC fan . SO , I waited eagerly for the last four years for their new release . Oh , what a disapointment ! NOthing saves himself in this lousy album , which seems a mockery to fans . It is clear the band no longe cares in composing great simple rock songs . Instead , they simplified it to the point of sheer mediocrity . Brian Johnson completely lost his vocals . Well , it 's the same thing as with other bands like Iron Maiden , Sabbath , etc. . they go on living by their names , while fans keep awaiting for their new `` masterpieces '' , which never comes ...
 Do n't buy this , trust me . It 's is an album of filler . The only worthy BRIAN-ERA records are Back In Black , For Those About To Rock , Razors Edge , and PERHAPS Flick Of The Switch . `` STIFF UPPER LIP '' is probably one of Brian 's homo fantasys . Buy if you ARE an idiot .
 Oh boy ... It really pains me to write this review and say the things that I 'm about to say , but ... I have no choice ! This , as far as I 'm concerned , is without a doubt the weakest AC/DC record ever . I know a lot of diehards are going to want to hang me for being such a heretic , but ... I 'm sorry , I grew up listening to `` Back in Black '' , `` For Those about to rock '' , `` Highway to Hell '' and `` The Razor 's Edge '' , so you can imagine how dissapointed I feel when I listen to slow songs like `` Ca n't Stop RN ` R '' , `` Come and get it '' `` Damned '' ... AND THE DARN RECORD IS CHOCK FULL OF SONGS LIKE THAT !!! God , have mercy ... whenever I have problems to sleep , I put this pill on ... I ca n't listen to it , and I 'm not joking !!! There are , of course , some great songs
 I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF AC/DC SINCE 1975 WITH THE BON SCOTT DAYS.THIS CD IS MORE OF THE SAME FROM BALLBREAKER , AN O.K. CD BUT NOTHING TO GET EXCITED ABOUT.HARD CORE FANS LIKE MYSELF SHOULD BUY THIS BUT IF YOU ARE NEW TO AC/DC DO N`T START WITH THIS ONE , TRY LET THERE BE ROCK OR BACK IN BLACK .
 It appears to me that the die hard fans would have given 5 stars to anything . I have every AC/DC album , and bought this one the day it came out . That first day , I could barely make it through the first listen . I kept waiting for each and every song to kick in , but none did . Very repetitive and very flat . I have tried to listen to it since , but just ca n't . Definitely a dust collector .
 Brian Johnson definitely lost the few ammount of vocals he had . Phil Rudd is playing lousy drums , it sucks . Face the truth
 I 'm a huge AC/DC fan . It 's my favourite album . I have hundreds of rock albuns in my collection . I admire the fact that AC/DC never cared about other people 's opinions , they just went forward , delivering good old rocking . And they are loyal guy , too . But I beg them
 To quote an old interview , when Angus was questioned about a critic 's comment that all of AC/DC 's 11 albums sound the same , Angus replied `` That 's a bloody lie ! We 've made 12 albums ! '' It is indeed more of the same , at least over these past 10 years or so . The title track is kind of fun , and there are n't any bad songs . Good rhythms , good solos , Brian Johnson 's trademark growl ... the lyrics are very light . The double entendres are not as humorous as I had hoped , and the rock and roll attitude is not as high as these boys are capable of . I suspect when I see them perform , these songs will sound a lot better , but I also hope that they only play one or two cuts from this record and fill the show with their classic stuff . To anyone that has n't seen AC/DC in concert , GO ! They are the funnest , most entertaining rock and roll band in the world .
 Why did they have to go with the picture discs ? Picture discs sound awful and these are no exception . I still have my old Maiden records from the 80 's and these do not compare . They lack the punch and kick that the original vinyl had . I do n't get it . Are n't the original album covers cool enough to look at ? It 's a shame .
 I LOVE MAIDEN !!!! But this was not that good of an album.It was okay , but the only songs that I can say I like are : The Trooper , Flight Of Icarus , Die With Your Boots On , and Where Eagles Dare.If you want to get a Maiden album , get Number Of The Beast or Seventh Son of a Seventh Son .
 This album is completely overrated.Iron Maiden was an incredibly powerful and exciting band while emerging during the early '80s . However , when great drummer Clive Burr left after 1982 's Beast on the Road Tour the true heavy metal magic of the band totally dissipated . Notwithstanding , the band had attained enough momentum to become huge afterwards -LRB- commercially speaking -RRB- . Maiden 's brilliant preceeding album Number Of The Beast opened the door for success , no matter what kind of album would follow it ... and a real bad one came along.Piece Of Mind is an overrated showcase of washed-up heavy metal riffs , theatrics , goofy lyrics and screaming cliches . The compositions and drum patterns are very repetitive and boring . The music style became monotonous and more predictable ever since the release of this album . For a strange reason , though , most fans really bought into the new Maiden despite the fact that lazy live performances were night and day compared to Maiden 's highly energetic concerts during their beginning . With Piece of Mind , Iron Maiden became more of a commercial product rather than a real heavy metal band . The band had lost their hunger , and sold out!With commercial success finally at hand , even Dickinson 's live singing paled compared to what he had originally delivered in The Beast . Subsequent albums Powerslave and Somewhere in Time are a much better improvement . Weird , but ... am I the only Iron Maiden fan who feels this way ? maybe so ... `` If you 're gon na die ... die with your boots on '' . Indeed .
 Good god this cd sucks ! -LRB- ... -RRB- This cd is light as hell . Like 2 guitar riffs , some crappy english accent singing , then maybe another guitar riff . Please Im sick of you `` true '' -LRB- aka wannabe -RRB- metal fans saying that bands like iron maiden , judas priest , are `` hardcore '' . Blink 182 is heavier than iron maiden and judas priest combined .
 This is music -LRB- ! -RRB- for little children.MOVE ON , ACT YOUR AGE ! This horror freak show may be fun for teenagers but it eventually MUST become boring if you 're healthy!The same chord progressions , the same kind of guitar solo , the same basic -LRB- yeap , basic -RRB- bass chops.Open your minds and try to find something really woth listening to ...
 In the face of the approval I 've been reading , I have to wonder it this is a problem with my CD player . The recording does not seem good at all . Bad actually . The same equipment seems to produce the ` Lord of the Rings ' soundtrack just fine . So perhaps the referenced recording is not so good , eh ?
 This CD offers 17 tracks of terrific Red Army chorus music . However , if you buy the EMI reissue , you will receive everything on this disc plus five additionsl tracks at a much lower price .
 sorry , but this is not worth buying . they completely removed the noise and made a very , very , very boring album that is not `` sinister '' as one person put it . whoever thinks thsi is good has been listening to mazzy star for far too long , as it shwos becuase it has that singer on it . the only reason i like jmac is becuase of the noise they make and this was just wasted money . they should have never released it , but thankfully munki brought back the goods ...
 This is one of the most uninspired albums I 've ever heard . Maybe most of this material has been overexposed but John Tesh sounds like someone had to wake him up to finish most of these tunes . From the sickly sweet ` My Heart Will Go On ' to ` Everything I Do I Do It For You ' , most go from track to track and sound like one big selection . The only bright spot is the organ track on ` Tears In Heaven ' . John stick to albums like ` Sax By The Fire ' . zzzzZZZZZZ .
 This is the first John Tesh cd for me to buy and it will probably be the last , stay tuned . On this cd John does n't place himself in a position to really shine as a soloist . He uses guitar and some other electroinic sounds which keep his performanace at bay . I have grown accustomed to listing to soloist that can give command performances . This performance of Johns ' is a bit shy of what I would call a command performance.My advise to John would be to cultivate his performing skills more to where he could possibly become a great soloist . I know it is a lot harder to performn as a soloist , but these performance are more than worth all that hard work.I Can Not Recommend This Cd
 How can any of these people below me possibly say that this is a five star record . I listened to this as a JOKE , and it was n't funny . Soul-less renditions of rehashed music from movies that we are just sick and tired of -LRB- we meaning the moral majority -RRB- . I am beginning to think that these reviews mean nothing since there are too many five star and not enough of the truth -LRB- ** note to Amazon ** if this does n't get posted - then I know that John Tesh is paying you under the table for the reviews . We will see within the week . -RRB- But in all honesty , this is the worst John Tesh album , which makes is a pretty bad album altogether ...
 The world does not need another version of `` My Heart Will Go On . ''
 NO `` Hooked '' music , just this clown trying to sign Country & Western . What a waste of money . I loved all the other `` hooked on Classic '' CD 's and had looked forward to hearing all my favorte country & western set to that wonderful `` Hooked '' beat ! So disappointing !
 Disappointing . After the magic on the debut single comes this CD from the Norwegian duo . Fine vocals , pretty faces but there 's hardly anything new or exciting here . Nothing comes close to DO N'T SAY YOU LOVE ME . The new single , MIRROR MIRROR , is good . It 's nice to see that the girls have co-written all the material but the lyrics are so dull and the songs sound all the same . Kindergarten , Jack and Jill lyrics - always the same innocent , pre-teen `` relationship '' tangles ! The production is clean and polished but not too adventurous or different from everything else that 's out . Standard work from Matt Rowe -LRB- Spice -RRB- , Full Force -LRB- Backstreet -RRB- , Per Magnusson/David Kreuger -LRB- Britney -RRB- and Jimmy Bralower -LRB- Jennifer Paige -RRB- . Not as fun and fresh as Mandy Moore 's disc and Britney , not as mature as Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera . Perhaps a teen crowd will relate a little better but I do n't think this set speaks to an adult audience -LRB- which was initally speculated -RRB- and certainly wo n't light any fires in an older demographic . If you 've heard this already and were as disappointed as I was , then try out the debut CD from fellow Norwegian teen Lene Marlin -LRB- PLAYING MY GAME - breaking out worldwide right now ! -RRB- and have your faith restored ! Or else stick with the Jennifer Paige disc , which is the real thing .
 No doubt about it , these girls have got talent ... songwriting , singing , playing music , something that SHOULD break them out the `` teenybopper '' mold . But , unforunately , it does n't . Their voices are too sweet ... no depth ... lacking range and unique quality , their voices are much too empty . Their songs are also quite depressing , lacking uptempos , or even songs with the slightest feel of R&B . There 's only one song that falls under `` midtempo '' on the album , which is `` Do n't Mess With My Love '' which is somewhat upbeat , but still lacks a jazzy feel . Their voices also have no maturity ... listening to an 8-year old sing to jump rope chants would be arguably the same . Unforunately , they do n't put on too good a show , either . Lacking the stage prescence of Britney , the voice of Christina , the maturity or the sensuality of Jessica 's voice , and the quality of Mandy 's vocal performance , they 'll be lucky to be remembered as one hit wonders . Overall , I did n't enjoy this CD , and it is almost impossible to like more then 4 songs . However , I recomend getting this for a fan of cheesy bubble-gum pop ... especially for anyone who would mistake Aaron Carter as talent . Anyway ... I guess I 'm trying to say ... the girls ai n't no Mariah
 Ok these girls sound like the chipmunks . Seriously . Even my friends think so . This album truly defines the reason that people think pop is -LSB- bad -RSB- . Do n't buy it , you 'll just be wasting your money .
 It 's nice that Marion & Marit write their own songs . That ` sgood for them - I mean , not very many fifteen year olds in thebusiness write their own songs . The lyrics can easily be related to and all . They seem like two decent girls . I would probably be friends with them ... but just because they have good personalities , and they write their own songs and play their own instruments , do n't mean they can sing . I 'm really all about vocals - and these girls sound like four year olds . I first heard `` Do n't Say You Love Me '' and thought , ` Well , the track may have been rushed ... their nose may have been stopped up or something . ' Then I heard `` Mirror Mirror '' on the Disney Channel - and oh my GOD , it 's even worse than their first song . So I listened to some other tracks , and truthfully was disgusted . They can NOT sing . I do n't know how they even got a record deal . Their voices are horrible . They sound like little kids . I 'll come back here in a couple years and see how many more albums M2M have made ... * cough * . Likely , none . They will NOT LAST in this business ... First of all , they wo n't be taken seriously . Anyone who sounds that bad , CA N'T be taken seriously . But what I 'm trying to say is , they have no talent . Do n't waste your money on this CD and go buy Christina Aguilera 's or Whitney Houston 's .
 NOTE
 While there are some good songs on this album -LRB- Do n't say you love me , Our song , Girl in your dreams -RRB- , they wear out quickly unless your really into teenie-bopper pop music , or your a 13 year old girl . Mostly all the songs just seem like variations of the same theme . The only thing that about m2m that caught my attention is Do n't say you love me from the pokemon soudtrack -LRB- and i dont even like pokemon -RRB- . From what i 've heard , their next album is just going to be more of the same .
 Their voices are just a little too sweet for me - nothing like what I heard on the Disney concert . The songs are nice and catchy , but if you 're expecting the beautiful and unique voices you heard on the Disney concert , with that unique blend of harshness and sweetness that only the greatest female singers can achieve ... And if , like me , you thought it was too good to be true that 2 15 year old girls can achieve this ... it is .
 Well . Somes are good.for example , Everything you do , The day you went away . . But Each of Songs are all the same!Just says Love and love and love and love and love ... pretty pretty pretty boy boy boy boy ... Yuck ! Please M2M , do n't be such a foolish duo!I wish M2M to be better in sophomore album ...
 Please do not buy this cd single . Yes , it was only $ -LSB- $ $ -RSB- , but I would not have paid a nickle for it . It is esentially them sitting around with acoustic guitars , throwing out some hip-cat talk about the dangers of war . Since when did Jack Kerouac join the group ? And if this was n't bad enough , there are four different versions , set to different electronic backgrounds ... gim me a break . I really like Yo La Tengo , and own all of thier albums , but as any YLT fan knows , they do n't put cd 's out with much regularity . So when I heard this single came out , I was excited to get it and hear some new YLT music . My excitement turned to disapointment after the first 30 seconds ... I took the cd out of my player and put it right in the trash . Instead of `` Nuclear War '' , they should have named it `` Garbage '' because it stinks ! I 'll buy others though ... and definately see them in concert again , they were cool .
 Your average amature rapper ... at bestthis is terrible . It sounds very budget . It reminds me of a lot of the groups on garagebend.com The lyrics and delivery are horrible and the beats are the same or worse to . . do n't get me started ... -LRB- I 'm usually not a hater -RRB- ... but i ca n't find one original idea or anything in this that even closely resembles artistic merrit or single potential .
 There once was a day when I would have given the sickness 4 stars . But long since purchasing this , my music collection has grown considerably and I no longer consider Disturbed to be as great as I once thought of them . My despise for them probably came with my complete disappointment with Believe , that record sucked . As for the Sickness I find tracks 1-5 , 10 and 11 to be listenable . Everything else is boring . The song Down with the Sickness is the heaviest song here , which was one thing that disappointed me when I first listened to it and has been featured in so many movies that its lost all meaning . Sorry kiddies , but if you want great metal , then you have to look elsewhere , Disturbed only live to disappoint . Check out bands like Malevolent Creation , Slayer , Sepultura -LRB- Old -RRB- , and Vader instead for some real metal .
 ... now I looked back through the negative reviews before finally reviewing this to see if they agreed with my way of thought ... well ... in all fairness most of them were very harsh reviews that seemed rather mallevolent towards the band ... while the polar opposite -LRB- most of the positve reviews -RRB- were stating that this was quite possibly the best Nu-Metal out there and how it should have been ... ok ... I 'm going to try and explain why I disliked this in an attempt not to be ridiculously critical ... as far as Nu-Metal goes I 'm not an expert ... but I must say in contrast to this I prefered Korn 's Debut and most of Deftones earlier work ... so I would stick to that because I felt more power and creativity went into it -LRB- THIS IS AN OPINION -RRB- ... now being English this band are n't as well known over here ... but I thought I 'd give it a go anyway because I like keeping my genre barriers open ... I have to say I was disappointed ... and here 's why ... it is ridiculously generic ... maybe it 's the plan for them to follow a basic formula when they make their music ... but the only difference I can tell between the tracks is the volume and the key signature ... maybe at times the time signature if they feel like it ... I 've even seen Disturbed fans say in some comments on people 's pages `` If you 've heard one Disturbed song you 've heard them all '' so I know for a fact that it 's not just me that thinks this ... ok ... instrumentals ... I 'll go for the simpler instruments first off : Drumming
 Voices 9/10-Wow this is wicked wicked fast ! the only thing that kills it is the chorus , its really good but its waaay too slow for this song.The Game 8/10 the end is really awsom ! but ... the verses are a little too mellow for my taste , the chorus is incredible , but the song doesnt have everything it should.Stupify 9/10 awsomawsomawsom song . very chaotic chorus , interesting stuff inbetween choruses and verses . but ! the verses are a little too slow , but i listen to speedmetal , so ... Down with the sickness 10/10 wat can u expect ? animal noises . . LOVE THEM OR DIE ! its crazy , and AAAHHH !! and if u havnt herd this song kill yourself right nowViolence ###### 10/10 i love it ! i dont know why ... some might rate it lower than i tho , but u gata love the chours -LRB- Bring the violence its significant , to the life if youve ever know anyone -RRB- Fear 10/10 AWSOM ! its eerie its fast , its got a very choppy pace , awsomm chorus , its kindof rapmetal , but its just awsom , u hafta hear itNumb 8/10 slower ... more melodic , but if u actually listen to the words , youll like it a lot moreWant 9/10 good beginning , awsom animals noises , good chorus , everything is good , but thats what keeps it from 10/10Conflict 10/10 Loud ! yelling about -LRB- ENEMEY ! you are my ENEMEY ! -RRB- its really cool , and a wikked awsom chorus , alotta people dont like it tho ... so ... Shout 2000 7/10 Its a really good remake , but the song just isnt that good , and its kinda boring to listen to . . sorry tears for fears ... Droppin plates 10/10 perhaps the best song on the album , rapmetal , kinda like fear , only choppier , good chorus , loudest ending on the album ... -LRB- Plates on your a ** ! plates on your a ** !! well here i come im dropping plates and dropping plates on your a ** b *** h plates your a ** !! -RRB- love it!Meaning of life 10/10 get psycho ... i wan na get psycho ... its awsom and the FASTEST VERSES IVE EVER HEARD !!!
 How does this CD contrast with the better ones from Tool , Soundgarden , Alice in Chains , and other icons of heavy rock ? Let me count the ways . Where the other ones can vary their style , up to and including the light and lyrical , this CD stays in the realm of the unduly loud . Where the other ones , even when heavy , offer interesting , unique riffs that entice repeated listenings , this CD provides nonstop noise that irritates more than it entertains . Where the other ones provide novel and even incisive lyrics , this CD 's lyrics wander aimlessly and thrust at nothing I can recognize . I do n't want to say that there 's no talent here , but rather , that better vehicles for display of that talent might come along . Do n't spend money on Disturbed until they do .
 I previously gave this album four stars , but I do n't know what I was thinking . I should have known I would n't have liked this . `` Stupify '' is okay , and `` Numb '' and `` Shout '' are n't bad either , but that 's it . Unless you like nu-metal stuff like Korn and Limp Bizkit , you will not like this . -LRB- ... -RRB- Not the worst of the genre , but bad just the same . Give me Iced Earth over this ANY day !
 I bought the album , the Sickness thinking that it would be really good like the album Believe . But `` the Sickness '' really reeks!The music is ok , but the lyrics are really bad.This album sucks , bottom line . I should n't have bought it .
 Who are these guys think they are . There no slayer or even metallica . There lameo whiney punks who need to get a life ... STOP YOUR WHINEING ... . THATS NOT METAL !!!!!!!!!
 disturbed is just another mid 90 's korn/deftones ripoff band that the labels threw out there amongst a cesspool of other stagnant , tired , and generic bands all cluttering the extremely uninspired rap metal genre . this pretentious cd offers nothing new musically , and the band even has that trademark 90 's bald guy as a front man . its over ... realize it .
 this is the sickest cd ever!its so sick!ya bro , this cd makes me want to go to the desert with my phat truck and go froadin!they are probably the most hard core band i have ever heard in my life.and they are so talented too.it takes alot of thought to come up with lyrics like `` get up come on get down with the sickness.ya bro!they are a true metal band.almost as good as godsmack!sick , tight , phat , off da hook !
 ok thankfully this nu-metal fad is quickly on it 's way out , and disturbed should b the 1st to go . obviously the rest of the world is getting as tired of over-produced unoriginal corporate `` teen angst '' as i am -LRB- & have been for a while now -RRB- ...
 i mean yeah ... the first time i heard stupify i thought it was pretty good , but then it really got on my nerves and it was really overplayed . All the songs sound the same and get really boring after a while . Its good at first , but then it really gets on your nerves .
 Words can not describe how painfully awful this piece of garbage is .
 I only wish I could have given this CD negative stars because it is so bad . This has got to be one of the worst CDs I have ever heard . I am a fan of the rap/metal combo but this band has taken it too far . Every song is exactly the same , there is no inventive textures , the playing is simplistic , and the lead singer 's voice is n't even an attempt at singing it is just flat out screaming . My advice to anyone who thinks they should buy this CD is to go out and buy Korn or Limp Bizkit if you really want a disc from this genre . Better yet , try out Incubus .
 I just got done looking at my earlier review of Disturbed 's `` Believe '' album ... 2 of 14 helpful votes . Ha ! And with that , I give you my review of `` Da ' Sickness '' . i must warn you though , it wo n't be pretty . Dare I say , it could get ugly . You see , I have been a fan of metal for over 15 years and though it finally seems to be on the downslide , nu-metal is an abomination to music and I happily join the minority who preach the evils of rapping over simplistic , drop-tuned guitar and will continue to do so until every last nu-metal band is gone forever . With that , I move forth.I have been graced with presence of `` Stupify '' , `` Down Wit ' Da ' Sikness '' and `` Voices '' more times than I care to acknowledge . Much to my constant grumbling , these songs seemed to follow me everywhere as if they were fully aware that I 'd rather be subjected to a month-long marathon of The Carpenters Greatest Hits . In addition , I had the misfortune of seeing Disturbed live and it was every bit as troubling and nightmare-inducing as their recorded fare . It seemed that no matter how much I wished it would all end , the Disturbed low rider would roll into any listening range that I could be found.Currently , Disturbed still has a sizable fan base that seems to believe that they are the spiritual succesors to metal 's legends to come before them . Personally , I fail to find any corelation between metal 's kings like Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Slayer and Pantera who have created and rejuvenated the genre through constant progression and innovation and a band who gladly cozies up to the angst-ridden likes of Korn and Linkin Park and ca n't pull off a measley gutar solo . No , Disturbed fits fine with the Mudvayne 's and other assorted clown mask wearing outfits but `` metal '' metal , they are not by any stretch.Again , I can sense that Disturbed 's currently loyal fanbase will shoot down this review and I fully understand as I know what it 's like to align yourself with a band that gives you chills and makes you feel alive . I 'm merely throwing out the idea that you would sooner drop your copy of `` The Sickness '' off at your local used record store for trade in if you actually had the opportunity to experience real metal from the greats like Down , Iron Maiden , Motorhead and Anthrax or from the next generation of metal stalwarts like In Flames , Soilwork , Lamb Of God and The Black Dahlia Murder . Try it ... you may find that I am not altogether wrong .
 The first time I heard Disturbed , I knew that the death knell for nu-metal had been sounded . A watered down copy of a watered down copy of a good idea , Disturbed take the requisited de-tuned guitars and `` sick '' vocals and manage to create something entirely uninteresting . The songs do n't feel heavy , the vocalist sounds like a barking hyena most of the time , and the lyrics end up being hilarious more than anything else -LRB- `` No mommy , do n't hit me again ... I 'll be a good boy '' -RRB- . Rather than creating something new , Disturbed ride the nu-metal wave with minimal success .
 Here is another album of guys who want to try and show how angry they can be . The bad thing about this is that there is no substance to it . Just because you can shout profanities does n't mean your music is going to be good . `` Stupify '' is getting the airplay right now . I would not be surprised to see these guys disappear like many other hate bands . This is just noise and nothing more .
 The rock/metal arena in the States is getting stale . Bands like this spwan like cockroaches , looking for the same institutionalized white boys as food . Old Jane 's Addiction or Skid Row 's Slave To The Grind can blow away these players and kids so easily , if they have heard them before .
 Disturbed - I do n't know exactly how to describe them , but one word - garbage . They rank right up there with the annoying metal bands of today like Drowning Pool , System of a Down , and Flaw . If you want good year 2000 metal , pick up aomw Stereomud or Godsmack . The only song I liked on this album was Shout 2000 , and Disturbed did n't even write it ! And do n't get me started on the grunts `` ooh ah ah ah ah ! ''
 Everybody knows the anthemic call of Down With the Sickness -LRB- which is a good song -RRB- , but the rest of the -LSB- ... -RSB- on this album is pretty damn bad . The way people talk about this CD you 'd think it was the greatest thing ever -LRB- which for them it probably is -RRB- . Disturbed is realy whiny . I mean , if teenage girls can listen to this than that means that it probably is n't good and it definitley is n't metal . This is slightly below average hard-rock with a male vocalist -LRB- who , like Godsmack -RRB- who is n't very good . The songs are mostly listenable , but nothing grabs your ear . The next time you see a gothic kid or a loner ask them who one of their favorite bands is . Most of the time the response will be , `` Disturbed . They 're awesome ! '' Uhh ... How about ... No . The Sickness is very overrated and if you like this you are probably dumb or a newb . Later Disturbed releases -LRB- I felt -RRB- are much better and have more solid musicanship and more advanced song structure . This is simple music for people who wish they were man enough to listen to real heavy bands like Slayer without -LSB- ... -RSB- their pants .
 No ... the answer to the question above , is that these guys are a metal version of a boy band , generated to sell records and appeal to the angry and mis-guided youth of America . They provide no great contribution or originality to music at all . A couple monkey like sounds from the singer with a sort of rappish vocals and repetitive guitars is all this band has to offer . Really , what is so great about these guys ? Their anger and angst ? Their musical abilities -LRB- HA HA -RRB- . I have heard all of their albums and I hate them all , they have no talent and they pretty much rode on the NU-Metal wave , which has long since crashed against the sandy shores of real music and receded back into the depths where crappy music with no skill or talent belongs.Each song sounds the same , follows the same formula and style . All of the songs practically blend together . At least on their sophomore release they tried some to incorporate some different things into their music , and failed miserably . And their latest album ? It is just as horrid and un-original as everything else they have made ...
 I 'm not a very big fan of this CD . It 's extremely bizzare and the music is n't that great . There 's a few good songs , but the rest is just filler . The lead singer has one of the weirdest voices in music today . My opinion
 Good for anger management . Bad for the mind . `` The Sickness '' has mostly content that is n't worth inhaling , unless you 're under reasoned anger and can control the negativity expressed in the relative lyrics from being subjected to implementation.Voices - Why keep reminding someone that they 're gon na die?The Game - Winners ' losers , eh ? Makes you frustrated if the lyrics seep in.Stupify - It 's stupid . ` F ' this , ` f ' that.Down With The Sickness - The beginning of the first verse
 I 've recently attempted to listen to this album again and I still do n't like it . I 'm into nu metal and raw emotions as much as the next person but screaming essentially every track does n't show emotion but instead a lack of vocal ability . Also , the lyrics to the songs are extremely repetitious and seem good on the first listen but listen one more time and you 'll grow tired of it . I really do like the band Disturbed , particularly the new album Believe , but this debut lacked diversity and control needed to make it an awesome break out . Raw emotion does n't eminate from screaming all the time but instead from a combination of highs and lows , not just pure hatred screaming anger . Overall , this album just made me plain sick but I do still stay true to Disturbed and highly recommend Believe .
 this is not good stuff , really . its way overproduced and commercialized . very lacking in substance . not that they dont have potential . david draiman has a very good voice for the type of music that they do.not recommended .
 I never really bought this , just got it burned from a friend . Ugh , good thing i did n't . First of all , I still like Voices and Stupify , theyre very good songs , but the rest of the songs are not only boring , but they give me a headache ... He 's not really rapping , more like sing-rapping . It is original , but i wouldnt really recommend this . I 'm absolutely sick of Down with the Sickness by now , The cover of Shout is stupid , and the lyrics in Droppin Plates are horrendus . I 'm glad I did n't spend money on This . Disturbed is better than most nu-metal garbage out there right now . Some of the other songs sound sorta cool , but I definately wont be listening to this often .
 This album has many sweet riffs , but the lead singer sounds like an ape and makes a wide range of stupid noises that screams cheeseness . Its a little embarasing to listen to this album . Worth a borrow , not a buy .
 The Sickness is a very boring and uncreative album , and the band as a whole does n't seem to function very well . I almost fell asleep listening to this actually , no kidding , THAT boring . This band is a fad and soon will fade away . The only reason Disturbed is popular is because weak-minded trendy teenyboppers will kneel to whatever receives mainstream airplay , regardless of talent or quality . This band is a fine example of the blind , consumerist society we live in . And please dont call these guys metal , they are far from it .
 I can not put into words just how bad I HATE nu-metal ! I hate it more that anything you can ever imagine . It is a disgrace to the music industry , and downright embarrassing to those of us who are true metal fans , and not casual metal fans like the people who reviewed this crappy CD and gave it 5 stars ! All of these nu-metal bands out there need to get shot and die ! Music is already becoming a big joke because bands like Disturbed are ruining it 's great original image . `` Down With the Sickness '' is so retarded and embarrassing to listen to ; the lead singer barks like a hyena and sings about getting spanked by his mother , that is absurd ! I 've heard Barney the purple dinosaur sing songs that are less pathetic than that ! And that 's no exaggeration , folks ! Plus , the vocals are incredibly cheesy and annoying . Case in point , the first track on the album , `` Voices '' sounds like this
 In my humble opinion , this album is n't new or original . This music sounds like a million bands who have come and gone through the years . Do n't waste your time or money . Just listen to the provided sound clips for proof .
 i was joking about the title . but i actually know stupid idiots that think that . i mean what do these idiots say when they hear this stuff on the radio , `` wow how original , ultra-fake gajion dollar ploduction made for radio nu metal rapcore garbage thats completely faceless and generic in every way possible ! '' and crap like linkin park and disturbed are consitered the scary social outcast metal music . only teenyboppers like this . its bottom of the barrel kid , bottom of the barrel .
 To the guy below
 I heard a lot about this album and expected too much . Personally I think the album is horrible . I do n't like the vocals very much . The album would be better if the vocals were done right . I 'm going to stick with the classics like Slayer , Machine Head , and Pantera . In my oppinion this album was a waste of money .
 This is what happens when image rules over substance .
 Horrible vocals . Boring music . Cliche lyrics . In one of the most horrible trends in the history of music -LRB- Nu Metal -RRB- , this is the bottom of the barrel . Avoid them at all costs unless you are one of the unfortunate people that listens to this junk that tries to pass itself off as real metal , when it is in fact soulless corporate rock garbage . If you want real metal , just pick you up a Slayer , Pantera , or even a Slipknot CD . Do n't listen to this and support this Nu Metal fad . . lets kill this off as quick as possible .
 Ooooh ... These guys are so disturbed . I can just feel the anger coming through my speakers . These guys are here to save rock . Awww man ... I forgot who I was talking about for a second there . This band is terrible . I 've made my peace .
 Most metal out there is pretty crappy and generic , but nu-metal takes the oh-my-God-my-IQ-is-dropping cake . If you want good metal try The Melvins , Electric Wizard , or High on Fire .
 Young , pre-teens might dig this piece of crap , but it just sucks . No substance whatsoever .
 Disturbed ... what can I say ? Turn on MTV2 for about half an hour and you 'll hear Disturbed at least 6 times , but the thing is , Disturbed is n't the band that you 'll be hearing . Most mainstream `` metal '' music sounds so much alike it can be hard to differentiate between different bands!Musically Disturbed is nothing big . I can say in all honesty that I can play all Disturbed songs on guitar and bass . It 's not that the music is n't good , but it sounds so generic , and each song sounds almost the same as the last . I hate you MTV.Lyrically , I do n't like Disturbed either , but I 'm not gon na badmouth them on lyrics because if that is really what the singer feels I 'm no one to say he sucks . But there are better ways to express yourself.If you want something really good , take a listen to Project 86 . And if you want real metal , check out Zao or Living Sacrifice.Death to TRL
 I 'm sorry but I ca n't stand this band I tried to give them a chance and listened to both albums . I 'd rather listen to William Hung -LRB- the asian dude that was rejected by american idol -RRB- even he 's more intertaining ! If I ever met David in person I drop something alot bigger than a plate on his ass , like a semi !
 if u like listening to about 2 dowtuned power chords for 40 minutes , buy this horrible pop metal cd . i never thought poeple could be this bad at making music .
 Dear Disturbed , Please refrain from recording any more records.Enough people have suffered already.Your Truly,-The People of Earth .
 By christ , you all really do n't get it . This album is a joke - laughable , takes-itself-too-damn-seriously pomp metal . Draiman is one of the most ridiculously camp front men I have ever seen . At least with Judas Priest and Rob Halford they had the songs to back it up . Whinging pish from start to finish , and do n't even get me started on that cover of ` Shout ' . Do yourself a favour and spend your hard-earned on something else , like Pig Destroyer . They rule .
 This album is bad . It just sucks . One of my friends from school was saying how heavy and moshable this band is , but guess what ? They aint . They are one of the worst bands along with that drummer -LRB- if you want a good drummer try Shadows Fall -RRB- . I guess kids buy the album because of the bands image -LRB- which is more extreme than Slayer but come on , Slayer are 1000000 heavier than this un-talented image come first piece of rubbish cd . Come on kids , try Napalm Death -LRB- which are the most extreme band on the planet and surpass every band in the world not just by intensity but sheer heaviness . Now thats a good English band from liverpool!Dont buy this kids , try something more extreme instead .
 There were a lot of crappy nu-metal bands but they are in the elite category of those crappy bands . No I will not get down with the sickness , but I will laugh at the stupid chimpanzee noises , ahhh ! ahhh ! The only redeemable quality about this cd is a remake of a Tears for Fears classic . The rest of this cd is extremely forgettable and laughable , I just ca n't take these guys serious . The singers voice sounds like he violently needs to go to the bathroom . Everytime I hear disturbed I think of those hot topic parachute pants , sloppy eyeliner , and the nu-metal undercut trim and pony nob , priceless . I will recommend one good metal band to offer instead of these dweebs
 YEAH THEIR SO LYKE HARDCORE , WHEN THEY SING `` GET DOWN WIT DA SICKNEZZ '' ITS SO AWESOME . IT MAKES ME FEEL COOL JUST KNOWING THEY THINK ITS COOL 2 B SICK !!! 1 I TINK THESE GUYZ KNOW WUT REEL MUZIK IS , CUZ EVERYBUDY KNOWZ REAL MUZIK IZ ABOUT SCREAMING POINTLESSLY AND ACTING MAD AT DA WURLD ! 11 DIZ IZ DA PURFECT ALBUM FOR TEENAGE MALEZ BECUZ IT MAKEZ DEM FEEL HARDCORE JUZ LYKE DIZ BAND ' Z CUZINS , `` SYSTUM OF A UP '' , `` SLIP NOT '' , `` MUDVEIN '' , ND ALL DOZ OTHUR HARDCORE BANDZ !! 11 DONT BOTHUR WITH DA `` SOFT '' STUFF LYKE `` LINKIN PURK '' AND `` LUMP BUZKIT '' , DEY KANT MAKE GUUD SONGZ LYKE DEZ GUYZ CUZ DEY DONT SCREAM ENUFF !! 11
 Disturbed are gay ! All their songs are boring and sound the same . Listen to the new Killswitch Engage , `` The End of Heartache '' it 's much better . Just because the singer makes noises does not make the music good . I even like Creed better than this . That 's how bad this album is .
 Inchoate , incoherent rage is the hallmark of this album . Now I like angry music and it 's rare for me to dislike an album primarily based on lyrics but good god man , what did your mommy do to you that you 're still singing about her as an adult man ? Get some help you mysogynist pussbag . This is a third tier nu metal band and for a genre with as few decent bands as nu metal , that 's pretty bad indeed . Uninspired , unoriginal , unintelligent and unbearable . This stuff is way too mainstream and kiddie for me . If you want some original metal that blows Disturbed away check out Strapping Young Lad or Zyklon or Tool or Immortal ... I 'd stay as far away from this commercial radio friendly garbage as possible .
 well , alrighty . Here we have Disturbed , it 's rock . It 's loud . It 's ... off . It 's an OK album . I ca n't say that Stupify is the best song on here , as a matter of fact it is my least favorite . The Game , and ummm , the last track -LRB- for the life of me I ca n't remember the title , and do n't feel like looking it up -RRB- are my favs . is this an original band ? not by any means at all . Are there worse bands out there ? Plenty . Are there better ? But of course . I 'm not going to tell you who they are though * cough * MDFMK / KMFDM , Schwein , Slick Idiot , < pig > . * cough * , it 's up to you to decide what bands you do and do n't like . Is there somebody reading this review and thinking `` This is clearly not a Disturbed fan who wrote this review '' ? Yeah , most likely . To answer Answer
 when will people learn that this new brand of `` music '' is just a ploy to sell some t-shirts and posters , the singers dont even care about music anymore today.This album is the same old same old from the rap/core stuff . Basically if youve heard any of korns stuff this is basically korn with just a hint more of an edge but still its just screaming into a mic which anyone can do , so do yourself a favor and record yourself screaming a few words , and you will have the talent of this band .
 As hard rock goes , Disturbed produces some musically satisfactory material . Unfortunately , I part ways with this CD 's lyrical obsession with violence and murder . Perhaps if I was some young punk trying to psyche myself up to pick a fight , or slaughter my parents , this CD might come in handy . I 'm also sick of bands dropping the F bomb as much as they can . Seems to be an indication of intellectual shallowness and linguistic inadequacy . I suppose that if rage , violence , and over-use of profanity are sicknesses , then this CD is true to its title .
 I really enjoyed Disturbed 's first hit single `` Stupify '' , so I must say this album came as a dissapointment for me . A lot of people are raving about Disturbed , and I like their lead singer , but like many other nu-metal groups , their guitar player is not even marginally talented . Dan Donegan can do a catchy groove , but the guy is n't even on par Kurt Kobain in terms of playing ability . Distrurbed have a good attitude , but someone really needs to sit down with Donegan and show him how to use his instrument . I do n't reccomend buying this album , as you can already hear all the best tracks on the radio . If you like Draiman 's vocals , get Soil 's album `` Scars '' instead .
 is n't anyone getting tired of bad angry music ? I know it is trendy right now but come on this is bad stuff .
 This is bad stuff ! The singer has a weird voice that is just too weird ! The guitar player comes up w / poor , ... riffs , the bass player is ugly and not very talented -LRB- eh , dreadlocks -RRB- , and the drummer is really bad . I hate `` Down w / The sickness '' . The rest is really not much better . For good music , get `` Schizophrenia '' by Sepultura or `` Powerslave '' by Iron Maiden .
 After the first time listening to this album I did n't think it was too bad . But after the first time it became so boring and dry . The lyrics are rather dull and I do n't like the way their distortion sounds . Another poor rock/metal band ...
 I like Disturbed . `` Believe '' Disturbed ! But not `` Sickness '' Disturbed . Because this album is a waste of `` funds ! '' I would n't recommend it to anyone . If you want Disturbed , stay away from this and pick up the new album `` Believe '' because it is much much better !
 Sorry , I just do n't get what 's so great about Disturbed . Most of the album is filler -LRB- e.g. , Dropping Plates , Fetish for Violence -RRB- . Even the few catchy songs get boring after a few listens . People who think Drowning Pool or Korn are heavy bands might like this , but if you 're looking for REAL talent and musicianship skip this and go buy some Tool .
 Looking for a good rock band is hard so when i heard of disturbed i was hopeful , but it has to be said this is the biggist pile of tripe ive ever listened to , and i have heard some crap albums . dont buy this save yourself from this really bad and pants album . i give it one star because it is extremely crap . crap crap crap . thank you
 this band along with static-x , linkon park , black label society , five finger death punch , stone sour , etc. are the reason i don ' t listen to the radio anymore . very boring , very tired , very predictable . save your self the time and effort put forth on these bands and go look for something else . the people who bought this album are probably the same people who caught onto hatebreed in 2003 rather than 1997 , or shadows fall instead of overcast , and killswitch engage instead of blood has been shed . do n't buy this and we can hope this bands stop touring and creating -LRB- more like manufacturing , or formulating -RRB- music .
 I dunno . Their singer tries to be real scary & intimidating . But it just makes me laugh . It doesnt help matters that he is 5ft tall with boots on . I guess alot of people buy into it when he does his growls & grunts & tries to look evil & tough . If the music was really good then maybe I could overlook the singer & his cornball lyrics . But the music is alot of cheesy riffing & recycled garbage thats been done alot better by other bands . Recommended for angry 12 year old boys only .
 I got this CD specifically for `` Down with the Sickness '' . I 'd heard some other stuff from it , `` Voices '' and `` Stupify '' , which were n't bad , so I figured it was worth it . Man was I wrong . First of all , it 's difficult to describe , but although Disturbed clearly wants to be considered hardcore , I did n't find that to be the case . I ca n't really put my finger on it , but this CD is a little soft . I 'm not sure if it 's the synthesizer intros or the fact that Draiman `` sings '' too much . Either way , I just never really get into it . Disturbed seems to be intent on proving how different they are than all the drop-D or rap-metal bands out now . And Draiman seems to be intent on showing us that he has a good voice and great range . I 'm happy for him , but I want to hear loud , fast , screaming hardcore metal.Anyway , on to `` Down with the Sickness '' . Again , this is the reason I got the CD , so you figure I 'd at least be happy with this one . Unfortunately I did n't realize that Draiman lets loose with a temper tantrum like fit at the end of the CD version of this song . I 'm sure that somehow his little tirade fits with the meaning behind the song -LRB- not that I really care what the meaning is -RRB- , but it 's disruptive to those of us that like the screaming and `` monkey thing '' in the song.As for the rest of the CD , it 's marginal at best . In most cases , if you can make it past the intro , the songs are OK . There are a couple exceptions that , quite honestly , are just terrible -LRB- The Game , Numb -RRB- .
 i had such high hopes for this album , i really did . after hearing `` stupify '' and `` voices '' i was convinced that these guys had talent . then i borrowed their album and i was seriously disappointed . `` droppin plates '' is atrocious , im sorry but its true . they seem to have a pretty good idea of what they want to do but theyve conveyed themselves quite badly by trying to seem `` kooky '' and `` original '' . their singer makes far too many stupid noises and should be concentrating more on his singing abilities , which -LRB- when he gets it right -RRB- are very very good.the musicianship seems very 2 dimensional also , i often thought `` ive heard that before '' quite a few times , especially on `` Down With The Sickness '' . anyway i 'll stop slagging this album now and wait for them to come do a show over here , as live the music will probably sound one hell of a lot better .
 I 'm not a huge disturbed fan , I do not have any of their shirts , I have not seen them live , and no I do n't have `` Disturbed '' tattooed across my back . I remember seeing Queen Of The Damned though and hearing that song Lestat lip-synchs , which is , of course , Down With the Sickness . I 've heard other songs by them -LRB- like `` Stricken '' , `` Inside the Fire '' , etc. -RRB- and they are indeed catchy . I thought I should check the album out.I do not consider Disturbed to be metal in any sense . I just consider them to be hard rock . Anyone who considers these guys metal obviously do n't listen to Metal . I do n't like Nu-Metal , but I gave these guys a chance and I guess this is worth having if you want some good angry music . However , the reason this only gets two stars is because while the songs are kind of catchy , they sound too much the same - there 's not enough variety in the music . 75 % of the songs all have the same beat and I could swear I could hear the monkey noises in each song -LRB- the infamous `` Oooh-ah-ah-ah-ah !!!!! '' as heard on DWTS -RRB- . You 've heard DWTS , then you 've heard the whole album , pretty much.Not to mention , Bruce Dickinson did what Disturbed `` do '' a long time ago in a catchy track called `` Starchildren '' on his 1997 albumAccident of Birth . And much better too . It has the mid-tempo beat abd all , sans the monkey noises . And it sounds way better and more tasteful than Disturbed . Not to mention Adrian Smith has a catchy guitar solo and it 's a heavy hard-hitter . Overall , I guess this is worth a look , but do n't expect anything fresh and original . This gets a very reluctant 3 stars from me .
 Can be catchy but , as with most nu-metal , it does n't inspire many repeat listens , because it all sounds the same and , once the `` catchiness '' wears off , it 's fairly mediocre .
 Ok first off so you posuers know I 'm NOT a `` real metal '' or `` death metal '' elitist I like punk and rock and real music like that . -LRB- I 'm not saying metal is n't real music it has its moments but disturbed sure is n't -RRB- Ok so onto disturbed . . first of all you know these guys are in it for the money . Can you imagine actually playing this music for LEISURE ? And also just coincidentally nu-metal Helmet , RATM , FTM and KoRn ripoff bands happen to be the trend ... or is it a coincidence maybe you 're actually listening to posers * gasp * Onto the music it 's a joke . I can hum these songs without even changing tone ! that 's skill ! Extremely repetitive riffs that even I can play -LRB- yes I play the guitar -RRB- . I can tune my guitar down to levels where the sound is mindless rubbish too . Oh yeah and scream mindlessly too . Hey I said mindless about the vocals AND the music ! Yep this stuff is really worth listening to.I 'm done . Get Circle Jerks , Dead Kennedys , Black Flag , Bad Religion , Rancid even NOFX or Pennywise . Oh you 've never heard of them ? God forbid you listen to something that 's not mainstream .
 those who think this is ` heavy ' or ` hardcore ' listen to Black Flag or Slayer . If you are thinking of buying this , please dont , it would be cheaper to buy a knife and bore out your ear . The result would be similiar , but less depressing . If you do believe this is good music , listen to it , but dont try and trick the innocent into buying this crap .
 Before you jump all over me , please give me a minute to explain myself . I really hated Disturbed when this first came out , and mean `` The Sickness '' was overplayed and overplayed , and then I thought I give the album a shot , and man did it suck . I mean I thought these guys were the worst musicans in the world -LRB- second to Blink 182 -LRB- YET ... I was very impressed with `` Believe '' as they seemed to give up on the bubble gum wan na be Metal type music , and played some good straight up Hard Rock . I really believe in you want to get a good taste of Disturbed , to try `` Believe '' its 100x better then this garbage . Hopefully the band will continue to mature , and get better with each album
 I 'm sorry , this is a poor excuse for a record . It does not fit under any title that even remotely approaches metal . Three chords played throughout the record bore you to tears after five minutes , and the songs become very repetitive . I 'm not even sure if the cd deserves at the most 1 star .
 I think Disturbed is n't that good , actually , it ai n't good . Very few songs hae some kind of a melody , which are ok , but this cd is a total piece of cr ** . I do n't recommend it to anyone but deep heavy fans . Thanx .
 These guys should be opening for John Tesh . That 's how hardcore they are . If you liked Judas Priest you might enjoy this album while on narcotics . This , like many of the albums released in the past year or two , is very cookie cutter , straight forward angst-pop manufactured to sell to boys in High School that hate their fathers . Do yourself a favor and instead of getting this extremly bad album , sink your money into a copy of Psalm 69 and quit worrying about what MTV says is popular .
 ` The Sickness ' has a few catchy sing-a-long songs that can be found all over the radio that , I must admit , made me buy the CD -LRB- Down with the Sickness . -RRB- The rest of the songs are not great , musically or lyrically ; fillers . By far the worst song I 've heard in a while has to be `` Droppin Plates , '' which made me roar with laughter . However , I will not say that there are NO good songs on the CD . The one I think with the most talent would be `` Numb . '' The singer can sing fairly well and the guitarits are okay , but the drummer is weak.Basically , those of you who love Limp Bizkit or Drowning Pool or think KoRn is HARD music will think this album is hard , and you may like it . But for people who enjoy awesome bands with REAL musical talent such as Mudvayne , Tool , Crossbreed , Fear Factory , and Rammstein , please do n't even think about getting this CD ! It is simply very WEAK . Buy Demaufacture or LD 50 instead !!!
 I am not gon na say nothing but good things about this c.d because its a heavy metal band that made it on to MTV bussworthy . I personaly do not like this band one bit and I do n't care what you MTV watchers think . They are very unorigenal . and the lead singer has a hard time comething up with good lyrics . Listen to Stupify . All he says is random things and then says `` BLA ! '' after it . I just think they are nothing but a wana be slayer . Vote against me ! But I 'm just telling the truth and hopely you 'll listen to me . Buy a TOOL album or a NIN album insted . Thank you .
 `` ooh ah ah ah ah ! '' what the f**k is that ? unoriginal garbage
 Cacophony recorded on 12 horrific tracks . My Lord , I need some mylanta . This makes my stomach , as well as my ears very upset . Well , maybe this album could 've been good if the band had n't 1 -RRB- Ripped off a few Machine Head style-riffs here and there . 2 -RRB- Had a singer who could actually sing . 3 -RRB- Had half-decent lyrics . 4 -RRB- Was n't as boring and generic as all the other jock-metal bands . ie - Drowning Pool , POD , and 3rd Strike . This is a sad excuse for music , I really wish some record executive would 've shown an ounce of integrity and realized just what a musical atrocity this was and made it somehow impossible to be released . This is something that I wish would just go away . Where the only thing that is actually disturbing about this band , is that so many people actually think this is acceptable . For shame . Highly not recommended .
 These songs are not sung by the original artists . Caveat emptor .
 If you 're looking for a crappy version of these songs , you 've found the perfect CD .
 My fellow reviewers have one of two things happening
 Vaughn Monroe was one of the all time great singers , the selection of songs on this CD is excellent . BUT THE SOUND IS GOSH-AWFUL . At least on 2 of the songs the sound is really bad , way over-modulated , static-y over loud type noise you get when the gain is turned up too much when recording . I wish they 'd re-release all these great songs with decent sound and I 'd buy it again .
 For anyone wondering why David Lee Roth was finally fired , this extremely weak 1982 release is all that needs to heard.Clocking in at a scant 31 minutes and featuring five covers , this is Van Halen as cash cow with minimal effort that Roth envisioned . And in this incredible era of mega-selling albums , mega-tours and mega-parties that seemingly would last forever , the record company would not balk as long as units could be shipped and sold.The band had been in the fast lane , touring virtually non-stop since 1977 and quickly progressing from clubs/small halls to become an arena/stadium monster that was propelling the music industry , while recording a wealth of new material . Roth wanted a party-hearty band while Eddie Van Halen had his focus on the craft of making music.This ship was starting to sink , but Eddie Van Halen was able to patch up the holes in the hull before the band became a parody of itself , with Roth as the drum major .
 I 've got a warning for you , a naive beginner in terms of Van Halen . Probably you are aware of the `` conrtoversy '' surrounding whos is -LRB- or was -RRB- the best singer in Van Halen . To avoid that kind of controversy , I will give you a list containg an album by each of its singers for you to avoid at all costs : * Gary Cherone - VAN HALEN III * Sammy Hagar - OU812 * Dave Lee Roth - DIVER DOWN.DIVER DOWN is a heartless product , only 29 minutes long , filled with covers , no `` chemistry '' or idendtity connecting the songs . A real waste of time and money .
 THis is the wortst Van Halen album . 29 minutes long , filled with covers and second-rate compositions by the band . But fans are fans and forget to see how this is a product clearly released in a hurry , just to satisfy record deals with the record company . Except LITTLE GUITARS , ... . For your information , I sold my copy of this `` thing '' a few days ago .
 Clocking in at 31 minutes and containing maybe only 15 minutes of original material , this album seems more like a contractual obligation than a proper album that Van Halen would make , especially in their 80s heyday with Diamond Dave . Their covers of `` Pretty Woman '' and `` Dancing in the Streets '' are inspired , but hardly make the entire album worthy of purchase . `` Little Guitars '' is a great Van Halen song , but not considered a classic . If you are a true Van Halen nut , or a completist , by all means buy this one , but if you 're casual , stick with its predecessor `` Fair Warning '' or its follow-up , the monumental `` 1984 '' .
 This is the one Van Halen album that never should have been made . The fact that half of its songs are covers is bad enough , but most of the covers are poorly chosen , and of the originals , all but one or two are total crap . Avoid this album ; in fact do n't even ask for it for Christmas or Chanukah . I 'm not .
 Having initially dismissed Van Halen as a complete joke , I decided to give them another chance with this issue of Remasters . I know that I 'll get no end of grief from the great Van Halen sect in saying that this CD is also garbage . They are much akin to pornography , replete with vacuous crap until the ` prize stuff ' , as it were , where Eddie gets to wank like mad . Yes , Eddie plays well but it hardly makes up for the pathetic songwriting and like pornography , it still makes for shallow , lousy movies . And while we 're on the topic of Eddie , what in the world do the intros of `` Pretty Woman '' or `` Little Guitars '' have to do with the rest of the songs ? Answer
 hearing all these rave reviews . is n't a band supposed to grow . the sound tired and worn out . no originality there . just boring .
 This is the worst VH album of all time -LRB- including the ones with Sammy Hagar -RRB- . Do n't even argue with me , you know I 'm right . `` Fair Warning '' was their last amazing set of hard-rocking original tunes and VH obviously tried to keep that gravy train rolling by quickly releasing a follow-up . Their poor unsuspecting fans -LRB- me included -RRB- bought it immediately in the hope that it was 1/10th what `` Fair Warning '' was . Boy , were we all wrong ! Eddie 's guitar work is wimpy throughout , Dave sounds completely unfocused -LRB- can you say `` sex , drugs , rock-n-roll '' MINUS the `` sex '' and `` rock-n-roll ? '' -RRB- , and the only hit-worthy tunes were covers . They did n't even pick cool songs to cover -LRB- except for `` Where Have All The Good Times Gone '' by the Kinks , which , by the way , was a lame and obvious attempt at recapturing the magic of `` You Really Got Me , '' from the first album . So sad -RRB- . `` Dancing In The Street '' -LRB- ?!?!? -RRB- Are you kidding me ?! CRAP !!! Yeah , that really rocks , guys ! Good job !! This is the only VH album I did not buy on CD and I have no plans of ever doing so . If you gave it to me plus $ 5 , I might put it in my collection , but I doubt it . I 'd probably just stomp on it ... in the street , of course !
 Diver Down is really OK . There are just too many covers !!! Ed , take more time and make more originals ! The fans want to hear YOU , not Roy Orbison ! Avoid this at all cost unless you MUST have it
 It 's the worst VH album.I hope nobody bought it as 1st VH album , because he/she probably never bought anything else made by Ed.Half songs are covers , second half is ... not too good .1 Where have all the good times gone - it 's Kinks song cover - just mediocre 6/102 Hang 'em High - maybe best song here , guitar rock on good speed , with some good guitar licks - 8/103 Cathedral - beautiful instrumental - guitar sounds like organs from church - 10/104 Secrets - pop ballad , no balls in it - 6/105 Intruder - dark instrumental , but noise at the end of it is quite annoying - 7/106 Pretty Woman - another cover , brings nothing more - 5/107 Dancing in the streets - worst VH song . Pop and nothing more - 1/108 Little guitars -LRB- intro -RRB- - good instrumental , spanish-like acoustic guitar - 8/109 Little guitars - good pop rock song with nice guitar and vocals - 8/1010 Big bad bill -LRB- ... -RRB- soft jazz song , strange experiment -5 / 1011 The full bug - blues rock on good speed , with harmonica -LRB- ! -RRB- -7 / 1012 Happy trails - strange one , great vocals , nothing more 5/10 . It seems VH had to make this album because of contract duties and that 's why it 's filled with some covers and three -LRB- ! -RRB- guitar instrumentals - but it 's not good enough .
 There r 2 good songs on here . If you wan na find a good album by Vizzan Halen , get the third !!!! It has the singer from one of the GRIZZEATEST BANDS EVER
 Hang em High , is the worst song ever produced , me and my friends listen to it , just to laugh at it . Eddy 's playing is hilarious and makes me laugh .
 Of the six albums released during Diamond Dave 's stint witht the band , `` Diver Down '' is the only disappointment . This album contains too many cover tunes -LRB- though `` Pretty Woman '' and `` Dancing in the Streets '' are well done -RRB- , and instrumentals for a newcomer to be impressed with . On a 12 track album there are 5 cover songs and 3 instrumentals . That leaves only 4 songs where the entire band coule potenially work their magic . And these 4 songs are n't that great . Only `` Little Guitars '' and `` The Full Bug '' truly stand out on this album , and that is n't saying much . `` Diver Down '' marks too much of a departure from the seminal `` Fair Warning '' and the outstanding `` 1984 '' to let someone actually believe it fell in between the two . If you are a die-hard fan , then you HAVE to get this -- otherwise , do n't waste your time and money . There 's good reason why no songs from this album appeared on the Greatest Hits CD .
 If you have tha bad luck of owning this CD by VAN HALEN , there 's still time to sell it ... THis is the worst VAN HALEN album in the DAvid Lee Roth era , simple as that . Only two good songs here
 I wonder how much pressure the badn was suffering to fulffil his contracts with the record companies . Only this justifies the absurd low quality of this DIVER DOWN . Only thirty minutes of music , mostly covers , some tasteless instrumentals . It seem another band altogether . THis was their first clear failure after four great albuns .
 I give this album two and a half stars . Every great band must have an album that isnt as good as the rest , and Diver Down is van halen 's . Not to say that this album is terrible , some of its songs are alright , but few live up to any of Van Halen 's other 5 David Lee Roth Albums . If you want to buy Van Halen 's albums , buy it in this order1 -RRB- Van Halen -LRB- 5 Stars -RRB- 2 -RRB- Van Halen 1984 -LRB- This is what I Call It -RRB- -LRB- 5 Stars -RRB- 3 -RRB- Van Halen II -LRB- 4 1/2 stars -RRB- 4 -RRB- Fair Warning -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- 5 -RRB- Women and Children First -LRB- 3 1/2 stars -RRB- 6 -RRB- Diver Down -LRB- 2 1/2 stars -RRB-
 This is only for die hard fans ! With hindsight you might wonder if the band already had decided to break up . The songs are far from the high standard we got used to from albums like `` Van Halen I '' and Van Halen II '' , but they do a great version of The Kinks `` Where have all the good times gone ? '' . I guess Van Halen asked themselves that question , or at least should have .
 Checking in at just over a half and hour , to call this album a rip-off would be too kind.Asking music fans to plunk down twenty bucks for a thirty minute album is not only arrogant , it just shows tat Van Halen totally sold out on this one . And what 's up with all the cover songs . Not that I do n't like a good cover song , but Pretty Woman -LRB- ! -RRB- PLEASE . A must have for Van Halen die hards only .
 DIVER DOWN is Van Halen 's most artistically bankrupt album . Cited by both Van Halen brothers as their least favorite album , DIVER DOWN marks a vast departure from its predecessor , FAIR WARNING , returning the band to their party hearty image . Roth was behind the drastic changes behind the record . This album is not only Van Halen 's weakest album , but overall one of the most puzzling records in all of rock . DIVER DOWN is very reactionary . The album points to Roth trying to reclaim the audience they lost with FAIR WARNING , as DIVER DOWN is the polar opposite of that album . Like all Roth Van Halen albums , the album is very brief , being only 31 minutes long , which has always irritated me.The album sounds like it has a personality crisis . David wanted to do a covers record to move product , while Eddie wanted to maintain some shreds of artistic credibility , and the quality album is a causality of this tension between the two dominant personalities of the band . The sound and atmosphere is a total retreat from the darkness of FAIR WARNING , and the only reason for the retreat is Van Halen selling out . This selling out indicates lack of integrity and total artistic bankruptcy.For fans of bands , I always recommend listening to the albums in chronological order . It gives a sense of history . When you get to DIVER DOWN , you realize that the band is simply running on empty , they 're looking to reinvent themselves after the hideous darkness of FAIR WARNING , and they 're simply running out of ideas.Let 's look at a little history . In 1982 , when Van Halen released DIVER DOWN , they had just come off a major tour in support of FAIR WARNING . FAIR WARNING met with a rather chilly reception . That record was a very dark , mean spirited album , brimming with anger , immorality , and rough lifestyles . By the time FAIR WARNING had come out , the band was known for their party , over the top lifestyle , and Eddie 's guitar heroics . While the guitar work certainly stayed amazing , FAIR WARNING simply did not sell well , and is still even to this day Van Halen 's least commercially successful album due to its dark intensity.When the time came to record FAIR WARNING 's followup , Roth wanted to change directions . He and the record company began operating on the philosophy that if you start out with a hit song , you 're half-way to a commercially successful recording . While the rest of the band disagreed with this ideology , they acquiesced to Roth.Another issue contributing to DIVER DOWN 's overall weakness is the band had been touring nonstop since 1977 , and they were exhausted . The band were going on vacation , but recorded a single which went became successful enough that Warner Brothers wanted an album to go with the single.Originally , the album 's initial sessions began when the band tried recording their next single . They started out with Martha Reeves and The Vandellas hit song , `` Dancing in the Streets . '' Eddie expressed difficulty recording the song , as he simply could not get a real handle . They then proceeded to record `` Pretty Woman '' at Eddie 's suggestion . The intro , `` Intruder '' , which Dave claims to have written , was composed specifically to take up time on the controversial video that MTV banned , as the song was about two minutes too short for the film they shot on the video . Rather than edit down the film further , they just wrote an extended intro.Taking the hit song philosophy to its utmost , Van Halen recorded no less than five cover songs , almost half the album . Of these five songs , one is a Kinks song -LRB- the band was hoping to replicate the success of the `` You Really Got Me '' cover on their first album -RRB- , the second is `` Pretty Woman , '' the third is the totally incompatible `` Dancing in the Streets '' , the absolutely bizaare `` Big Bad Bill -LRB- Is Sweet William Now -RRB- '' , and the fifth is the joke recording `` Happy Trails . '' While the Kinks cover does n't sound that out of place on a Van Halen album , both `` Pretty Woman '' and `` Dancing in the Street '' are obviously signs of a band selling out and just looking for a hit . Eddie has cited the `` Dancing '' cover as the worst Van Halen commercial recording , and for good reason . It 's a good song , but totally out of sync with Van Halen 's overall image and sound . `` Happy Trails '' sounds little more than a drunken joke recorded to allievate otherwise boring and monotonous sessions . `` Big Bad Bill '' has a nice vaudeville feeling to it , but again , this is Van Halen . You do n't listen to Van Halen for vaudeville , and is probably the most ridiculous thing they ever recorded . The song is notable for featuring Jan Van Halen -LRB- the brothers ' father -RRB- playing clarinet.With the five covers discussed , that leaves only seven original tracks . Three of those are short instrumental tracks . `` Cathedral '' is one of Eddie 's most enthralling guitar instrumentals , primarily because when you listen to it you think it 's an organ and you wonder how did he get that music on a guitar . `` Intruder '' is filler written because the video ran longer than the song , although by segue-waying right into `` Pretty Woman '' it does give `` Pretty Woman '' a rather ominous tone not present in the original song . `` Little Guitar '' is a totally unnecessary intro . If they wanted to make it include it as part of the main body of the `` Little Guitar '' song , there was no reason to make it a separate track.With the covers and the instrumentals dispensed with , that leaves a paltry four major Van Halen originals . `` Hang ` Em High '' is a decent enough track . `` Secrets '' never did anything for me . `` Little Guitars '' has a strange Mexican flavour too it , and while nothing particularly wrong with it , there 's nothing real memorable about it either . The song was improvised and recorded live.That leaves only one song left . `` The Full Bug . '' This track has sizzling guitar work , great vocals , and just a fantastic song to rock out too . This is the only time on the entire album where the entire band just clicks . This is vintage Van Halen right here , and easily on level with anything on the first four albums and 1984 . Unfortunately , one song can not carry an album . -LRB- Take note , American Idol winners -RRB- . Eddie Van Halen despises this album . As Eddie says , he 'd rather have a flop with his own songs -LRB- which he did flop , and flop hard , with VAN HALEN III -RRB- than have hits with other peoples ' songs . And he 's right.DIVER DOWN has too much filler , has too many covers , does n't have enough originals , and of the originals , only one really rises to former Van Halen standards . It has a very cold , calculating feel to it , like the record execs and the band were more interested in restoring the band to their commercial zenith and forget anything about making good music.Overall , DIVER DOWN solidified Eddie 's opposition to recording music solely to sell . After DIVER DOWN , Eddie formed his own studio where he would have complete artistic control over Van Halen 's music . Likewise , Van Halen never recorded covers again -LRB- the sole exception being OU812 's closing song `` Apolitical Blues . '' -RRB- Ultimately , DIVER DOWN is Van Halen 's most dispensable album . While I 've been pretty damning about the whole album , I will say it 's a very , easy listen , and is very uncharactestic of the band . But while it 's light and fun , it 's also fluff . Nothing really to return to once the album finishes , and it 's only a mere 31 minutes long . It 's like cotton candy . No real substance .
 This is the typical product Van Halen 's critics feed upon . It is confusing , a few covers acting as fillers , it has only 30 minutes of music . Very , very weak . Only `` LITTLE GUITARS '' is a great tune . For a real and lucid VH fan , this is on the theirs leatest fine moments .
 Clocking in at 31 minutes and containing maybe 12 minutes of original Van Halen , this sounds more like a contractual obligation than an actual album Van Halen would have made , especially in their 80s heyday . Their covers of `` Dancing in the Street '' and `` Pretty Woman '' are inspired , but hardly worth the purchase of the album . If you 're a completist , get it . If you 're casual , get `` Fair Warning '' or `` 1984 '' instead .
 Frankly , I do n't know what Van Halen was thinking when they recorded this album . We do know that `` Fair Warning '' did not do well , so perhaps the band felt that in order to reobtain commerical success , they should play cover songs . Well , it worked in that regard , but this is an absolute creative nadir for the band.Of course , there are two originals on this album which do stand out
 Love Van Halen -LRB- not Hagar -RRB- , but I hate covers in general anyway . The music is not that bad but I really just do n't like covers . If you are looking to start listening to Van Halen stay away from this one . Get Van Halen , 1984 , Van Halen II , or Fair Warning . They are much better .
 An album less than thirty minutes long and filled with covers . It 's clear VAn HALEN was simply delivering a product demanded by contract with the record company . That 's the only reasonable explanation.This is the worst Dave Lee Roth 's era album . Period
 This is the quintessential filler album and the worst VH release of all time . There 's only a handful of decent tracks on this album ; these being
 This disc is largely a ripoff . It is 2-channel Stereo only . The 1812 is available in another mastering , a true multi-channel SACD and is spectacular . There is nothing comparable out there . The Gershwin is good , but ... . It is worth searching for the other 1812 . Skip this .
 While this disc is remastered from a 50kHZ master and is a working SACD hybrid disc - it is in stereo only . There is no use of the surround channels or LFE channel on this disc . It does sound marginally better than the Telarc CD release - but only marginally . This disc is a waste of your SACD player 's time and yours as well.Had any of the product information stated that this was a stereo only disc , I would not have spent money on it.If and only if you do n't already own the standard Telarc CD release of this material , you might consider it for purchase . But please be aware that it is ONLY IN STEREO . It is certainly NOT a good use of your funds .
 it 's like when you were little and watching TV with your parents , and the sitcom topic turns to sex . you feel embarrassed to be there , though it 's clearly not your fault . reminiscent of maybe baz luhrmann , or henry rollins ' spoken word stuff , except that luhrmann just plain ... , and rollins is at least poignant and intelligent . plus , gaylor 's voice has this awful ` tough-guy posturing ' character to it . a blatantly poor release for the uninspired `` something-different '' crowd . this disc hurts me . please make it stop .
 This is not the best of the spoken word genre . His stories are not particularly creative , lyrical or really all that interesting . While it 's easy to relate to some of his tunes , especially for a connecticutt suburbanite like me , these little tales are simply unoriginal and does n't take a whole lot of thought . There are two tracks I love , suicide is interesting as hell , edgy , awesome . Out the Window is the best track , haunting music , and ulitimatly disturbing . The words of claustraphobia , well , you can feel it in your bones . It 's a truly affecting track , bleak , it gives me the shivers . The rest of the songs , again , just dont ' do it . The music is aweful , truly poor . If you want to hear some good , unique , thoughtful , truly funny or truly beautiful or truly sad spoken word set to good music then try Maggie Estep or King Missile . Those are actualy albums , this is just a stupid little collection of anecdotes that anyone could have written .
 These songs are not sung by the original artists . Caveat emptor .
 If you 're looking for a crappy version of these songs , you 've found the perfect CD .
 The music is okay but nothing exceptional and definitly not worth the amount charged for it . Since I was actually searching under DVD 's I was not really expecting a music CD .
 ... now I looked back through the negative reviews before finally reviewing this to see if they agreed with my way of thought ... well ... in all fairness most of them were very harsh reviews that seemed rather mallevolent towards the band ... while the polar opposite -LRB- most of the positve reviews -RRB- were stating that this was quite possibly the best Nu-Metal out there and how it should have been ... ok ... I 'm going to try and explain why I disliked this in an attempt not to be ridiculously critical ... as far as Nu-Metal goes I 'm not an expert ... but I must say in contrast to this I prefered Korn 's Debut and most of Deftones earlier work ... so I would stick to that because I felt more power and creativity went into it -LRB- THIS IS AN OPINION -RRB- ... now being English this band are n't as well known over here ... but I thought I 'd give it a go anyway because I like keeping my genre barriers open ... I have to say I was disappointed ... and here 's why ... it is ridiculously generic ... maybe it 's the plan for them to follow a basic formula when they make their music ... but the only difference I can tell between the tracks is the volume and the key signature ... maybe at times the time signature if they feel like it ... I 've even seen Disturbed fans say in some comments on people 's pages `` If you 've heard one Disturbed song you 've heard them all '' so I know for a fact that it 's not just me that thinks this ... ok ... instrumentals ... I 'll go for the simpler instruments first off : Drumming
 Voices 9/10-Wow this is wicked wicked fast ! the only thing that kills it is the chorus , its really good but its waaay too slow for this song.The Game 8/10 the end is really awsom ! but ... the verses are a little too mellow for my taste , the chorus is incredible , but the song doesnt have everything it should.Stupify 9/10 awsomawsomawsom song . very chaotic chorus , interesting stuff inbetween choruses and verses . but ! the verses are a little too slow , but i listen to speedmetal , so ... Down with the sickness 10/10 wat can u expect ? animal noises . . LOVE THEM OR DIE ! its crazy , and AAAHHH !! and if u havnt herd this song kill yourself right nowViolence ###### 10/10 i love it ! i dont know why ... some might rate it lower than i tho , but u gata love the chours -LRB- Bring the violence its significant , to the life if youve ever know anyone -RRB- Fear 10/10 AWSOM ! its eerie its fast , its got a very choppy pace , awsomm chorus , its kindof rapmetal , but its just awsom , u hafta hear itNumb 8/10 slower ... more melodic , but if u actually listen to the words , youll like it a lot moreWant 9/10 good beginning , awsom animals noises , good chorus , everything is good , but thats what keeps it from 10/10Conflict 10/10 Loud ! yelling about -LRB- ENEMEY ! you are my ENEMEY ! -RRB- its really cool , and a wikked awsom chorus , alotta people dont like it tho ... so ... Shout 2000 7/10 Its a really good remake , but the song just isnt that good , and its kinda boring to listen to . . sorry tears for fears ... Droppin plates 10/10 perhaps the best song on the album , rapmetal , kinda like fear , only choppier , good chorus , loudest ending on the album ... -LRB- Plates on your a ** ! plates on your a ** !! well here i come im dropping plates and dropping plates on your a ** b *** h plates your a ** !! -RRB- love it!Meaning of life 10/10 get psycho ... i wan na get psycho ... its awsom and the FASTEST VERSES IVE EVER HEARD !!!
 How does this CD contrast with the better ones from Tool , Soundgarden , Alice in Chains , and other icons of heavy rock ? Let me count the ways . Where the other ones can vary their style , up to and including the light and lyrical , this CD stays in the realm of the unduly loud . Where the other ones , even when heavy , offer interesting , unique riffs that entice repeated listenings , this CD provides nonstop noise that irritates more than it entertains . Where the other ones provide novel and even incisive lyrics , this CD 's lyrics wander aimlessly and thrust at nothing I can recognize . I do n't want to say that there 's no talent here , but rather , that better vehicles for display of that talent might come along . Do n't spend money on Disturbed until they do .
 As hard rock goes , Disturbed produces some musically satisfactory material . Unfortunately , I part ways with this CD 's lyrical obsession with violence and murder . Perhaps if I was some young punk trying to psyche myself up to pick a fight , or slaughter my parents , this CD might come in handy . I 'm also sick of bands dropping the F bomb as much as they can . Seems to be an indication of intellectual shallowness and linguistic inadequacy . I suppose that if rage , violence , and over-use of profanity are sicknesses , then this CD is true to its title .
 I really enjoyed Disturbed 's first hit single `` Stupify '' , so I must say this album came as a dissapointment for me . A lot of people are raving about Disturbed , and I like their lead singer , but like many other nu-metal groups , their guitar player is not even marginally talented . Dan Donegan can do a catchy groove , but the guy is n't even on par Kurt Kobain in terms of playing ability . Distrurbed have a good attitude , but someone really needs to sit down with Donegan and show him how to use his instrument . I do n't reccomend buying this album , as you can already hear all the best tracks on the radio . If you like Draiman 's vocals , get Soil 's album `` Scars '' instead .
 is n't anyone getting tired of bad angry music ? I know it is trendy right now but come on this is bad stuff .
 Inchoate , incoherent rage is the hallmark of this album . Now I like angry music and it 's rare for me to dislike an album primarily based on lyrics but good god man , what did your mommy do to you that you 're still singing about her as an adult man ? Get some help you mysogynist pussbag . This is a third tier nu metal band and for a genre with as few decent bands as nu metal , that 's pretty bad indeed . Uninspired , unoriginal , unintelligent and unbearable . This stuff is way too mainstream and kiddie for me . If you want some original metal that blows Disturbed away check out Strapping Young Lad or Zyklon or Tool or Immortal ... I 'd stay as far away from this commercial radio friendly garbage as possible .
 well , alrighty . Here we have Disturbed , it 's rock . It 's loud . It 's ... off . It 's an OK album . I ca n't say that Stupify is the best song on here , as a matter of fact it is my least favorite . The Game , and ummm , the last track -LRB- for the life of me I ca n't remember the title , and do n't feel like looking it up -RRB- are my favs . is this an original band ? not by any means at all . Are there worse bands out there ? Plenty . Are there better ? But of course . I 'm not going to tell you who they are though * cough * MDFMK / KMFDM , Schwein , Slick Idiot , < pig > . * cough * , it 's up to you to decide what bands you do and do n't like . Is there somebody reading this review and thinking `` This is clearly not a Disturbed fan who wrote this review '' ? Yeah , most likely . To answer Answer
 when will people learn that this new brand of `` music '' is just a ploy to sell some t-shirts and posters , the singers dont even care about music anymore today.This album is the same old same old from the rap/core stuff . Basically if youve heard any of korns stuff this is basically korn with just a hint more of an edge but still its just screaming into a mic which anyone can do , so do yourself a favor and record yourself screaming a few words , and you will have the talent of this band .
 After the first time listening to this album I did n't think it was too bad . But after the first time it became so boring and dry . The lyrics are rather dull and I do n't like the way their distortion sounds . Another poor rock/metal band ...
 I 've recently attempted to listen to this album again and I still do n't like it . I 'm into nu metal and raw emotions as much as the next person but screaming essentially every track does n't show emotion but instead a lack of vocal ability . Also , the lyrics to the songs are extremely repetitious and seem good on the first listen but listen one more time and you 'll grow tired of it . I really do like the band Disturbed , particularly the new album Believe , but this debut lacked diversity and control needed to make it an awesome break out . Raw emotion does n't eminate from screaming all the time but instead from a combination of highs and lows , not just pure hatred screaming anger . Overall , this album just made me plain sick but I do still stay true to Disturbed and highly recommend Believe .
 I bought the album , the Sickness thinking that it would be really good like the album Believe . But `` the Sickness '' really reeks!The music is ok , but the lyrics are really bad.This album sucks , bottom line . I should n't have bought it .
 I 'm not a very big fan of this CD . It 's extremely bizzare and the music is n't that great . There 's a few good songs , but the rest is just filler . The lead singer has one of the weirdest voices in music today . My opinion
 Good for anger management . Bad for the mind . `` The Sickness '' has mostly content that is n't worth inhaling , unless you 're under reasoned anger and can control the negativity expressed in the relative lyrics from being subjected to implementation.Voices - Why keep reminding someone that they 're gon na die?The Game - Winners ' losers , eh ? Makes you frustrated if the lyrics seep in.Stupify - It 's stupid . ` F ' this , ` f ' that.Down With The Sickness - The beginning of the first verse
 This is bad stuff ! The singer has a weird voice that is just too weird ! The guitar player comes up w / poor , ... riffs , the bass player is ugly and not very talented -LRB- eh , dreadlocks -RRB- , and the drummer is really bad . I hate `` Down w / The sickness '' . The rest is really not much better . For good music , get `` Schizophrenia '' by Sepultura or `` Powerslave '' by Iron Maiden .
 The Sickness is a very boring and uncreative album , and the band as a whole does n't seem to function very well . I almost fell asleep listening to this actually , no kidding , THAT boring . This band is a fad and soon will fade away . The only reason Disturbed is popular is because weak-minded trendy teenyboppers will kneel to whatever receives mainstream airplay , regardless of talent or quality . This band is a fine example of the blind , consumerist society we live in . And please dont call these guys metal , they are far from it .
 I can not put into words just how bad I HATE nu-metal ! I hate it more that anything you can ever imagine . It is a disgrace to the music industry , and downright embarrassing to those of us who are true metal fans , and not casual metal fans like the people who reviewed this crappy CD and gave it 5 stars ! All of these nu-metal bands out there need to get shot and die ! Music is already becoming a big joke because bands like Disturbed are ruining it 's great original image . `` Down With the Sickness '' is so retarded and embarrassing to listen to ; the lead singer barks like a hyena and sings about getting spanked by his mother , that is absurd ! I 've heard Barney the purple dinosaur sing songs that are less pathetic than that ! And that 's no exaggeration , folks ! Plus , the vocals are incredibly cheesy and annoying . Case in point , the first track on the album , `` Voices '' sounds like this
 In my humble opinion , this album is n't new or original . This music sounds like a million bands who have come and gone through the years . Do n't waste your time or money . Just listen to the provided sound clips for proof .
 i was joking about the title . but i actually know stupid idiots that think that . i mean what do these idiots say when they hear this stuff on the radio , `` wow how original , ultra-fake gajion dollar ploduction made for radio nu metal rapcore garbage thats completely faceless and generic in every way possible ! '' and crap like linkin park and disturbed are consitered the scary social outcast metal music . only teenyboppers like this . its bottom of the barrel kid , bottom of the barrel .
 To the guy below
 I heard a lot about this album and expected too much . Personally I think the album is horrible . I do n't like the vocals very much . The album would be better if the vocals were done right . I 'm going to stick with the classics like Slayer , Machine Head , and Pantera . In my oppinion this album was a waste of money .
 This is what happens when image rules over substance .
 I am not gon na say nothing but good things about this c.d because its a heavy metal band that made it on to MTV bussworthy . I personaly do not like this band one bit and I do n't care what you MTV watchers think . They are very unorigenal . and the lead singer has a hard time comething up with good lyrics . Listen to Stupify . All he says is random things and then says `` BLA ! '' after it . I just think they are nothing but a wana be slayer . Vote against me ! But I 'm just telling the truth and hopely you 'll listen to me . Buy a TOOL album or a NIN album insted . Thank you .
 `` ooh ah ah ah ah ! '' what the f**k is that ? unoriginal garbage
 Cacophony recorded on 12 horrific tracks . My Lord , I need some mylanta . This makes my stomach , as well as my ears very upset . Well , maybe this album could 've been good if the band had n't 1 -RRB- Ripped off a few Machine Head style-riffs here and there . 2 -RRB- Had a singer who could actually sing . 3 -RRB- Had half-decent lyrics . 4 -RRB- Was n't as boring and generic as all the other jock-metal bands . ie - Drowning Pool , POD , and 3rd Strike . This is a sad excuse for music , I really wish some record executive would 've shown an ounce of integrity and realized just what a musical atrocity this was and made it somehow impossible to be released . This is something that I wish would just go away . Where the only thing that is actually disturbing about this band , is that so many people actually think this is acceptable . For shame . Highly not recommended .
 Young , pre-teens might dig this piece of crap , but it just sucks . No substance whatsoever .
 Disturbed ... what can I say ? Turn on MTV2 for about half an hour and you 'll hear Disturbed at least 6 times , but the thing is , Disturbed is n't the band that you 'll be hearing . Most mainstream `` metal '' music sounds so much alike it can be hard to differentiate between different bands!Musically Disturbed is nothing big . I can say in all honesty that I can play all Disturbed songs on guitar and bass . It 's not that the music is n't good , but it sounds so generic , and each song sounds almost the same as the last . I hate you MTV.Lyrically , I do n't like Disturbed either , but I 'm not gon na badmouth them on lyrics because if that is really what the singer feels I 'm no one to say he sucks . But there are better ways to express yourself.If you want something really good , take a listen to Project 86 . And if you want real metal , check out Zao or Living Sacrifice.Death to TRL
 I 'm sorry but I ca n't stand this band I tried to give them a chance and listened to both albums . I 'd rather listen to William Hung -LRB- the asian dude that was rejected by american idol -RRB- even he 's more intertaining ! If I ever met David in person I drop something alot bigger than a plate on his ass , like a semi !
 if u like listening to about 2 dowtuned power chords for 40 minutes , buy this horrible pop metal cd . i never thought poeple could be this bad at making music .
 Dear Disturbed , Please refrain from recording any more records.Enough people have suffered already.Your Truly,-The People of Earth .
 By christ , you all really do n't get it . This album is a joke - laughable , takes-itself-too-damn-seriously pomp metal . Draiman is one of the most ridiculously camp front men I have ever seen . At least with Judas Priest and Rob Halford they had the songs to back it up . Whinging pish from start to finish , and do n't even get me started on that cover of ` Shout ' . Do yourself a favour and spend your hard-earned on something else , like Pig Destroyer . They rule .
 This album is bad . It just sucks . One of my friends from school was saying how heavy and moshable this band is , but guess what ? They aint . They are one of the worst bands along with that drummer -LRB- if you want a good drummer try Shadows Fall -RRB- . I guess kids buy the album because of the bands image -LRB- which is more extreme than Slayer but come on , Slayer are 1000000 heavier than this un-talented image come first piece of rubbish cd . Come on kids , try Napalm Death -LRB- which are the most extreme band on the planet and surpass every band in the world not just by intensity but sheer heaviness . Now thats a good English band from liverpool!Dont buy this kids , try something more extreme instead .
 i had such high hopes for this album , i really did . after hearing `` stupify '' and `` voices '' i was convinced that these guys had talent . then i borrowed their album and i was seriously disappointed . `` droppin plates '' is atrocious , im sorry but its true . they seem to have a pretty good idea of what they want to do but theyve conveyed themselves quite badly by trying to seem `` kooky '' and `` original '' . their singer makes far too many stupid noises and should be concentrating more on his singing abilities , which -LRB- when he gets it right -RRB- are very very good.the musicianship seems very 2 dimensional also , i often thought `` ive heard that before '' quite a few times , especially on `` Down With The Sickness '' . anyway i 'll stop slagging this album now and wait for them to come do a show over here , as live the music will probably sound one hell of a lot better .
 Horrible vocals . Boring music . Cliche lyrics . In one of the most horrible trends in the history of music -LRB- Nu Metal -RRB- , this is the bottom of the barrel . Avoid them at all costs unless you are one of the unfortunate people that listens to this junk that tries to pass itself off as real metal , when it is in fact soulless corporate rock garbage . If you want real metal , just pick you up a Slayer , Pantera , or even a Slipknot CD . Do n't listen to this and support this Nu Metal fad . . lets kill this off as quick as possible .
 Ooooh ... These guys are so disturbed . I can just feel the anger coming through my speakers . These guys are here to save rock . Awww man ... I forgot who I was talking about for a second there . This band is terrible . I 've made my peace .
 Most metal out there is pretty crappy and generic , but nu-metal takes the oh-my-God-my-IQ-is-dropping cake . If you want good metal try The Melvins , Electric Wizard , or High on Fire .
 Who are these guys think they are . There no slayer or even metallica . There lameo whiney punks who need to get a life ... STOP YOUR WHINEING ... . THATS NOT METAL !!!!!!!!!
 disturbed is just another mid 90 's korn/deftones ripoff band that the labels threw out there amongst a cesspool of other stagnant , tired , and generic bands all cluttering the extremely uninspired rap metal genre . this pretentious cd offers nothing new musically , and the band even has that trademark 90 's bald guy as a front man . its over ... realize it .
 this is the sickest cd ever!its so sick!ya bro , this cd makes me want to go to the desert with my phat truck and go froadin!they are probably the most hard core band i have ever heard in my life.and they are so talented too.it takes alot of thought to come up with lyrics like `` get up come on get down with the sickness.ya bro!they are a true metal band.almost as good as godsmack!sick , tight , phat , off da hook !
 ok thankfully this nu-metal fad is quickly on it 's way out , and disturbed should b the 1st to go . obviously the rest of the world is getting as tired of over-produced unoriginal corporate `` teen angst '' as i am -LRB- & have been for a while now -RRB- ...
 i mean yeah ... the first time i heard stupify i thought it was pretty good , but then it really got on my nerves and it was really overplayed . All the songs sound the same and get really boring after a while . Its good at first , but then it really gets on your nerves .
 Words can not describe how painfully awful this piece of garbage is .
 I only wish I could have given this CD negative stars because it is so bad . This has got to be one of the worst CDs I have ever heard . I am a fan of the rap/metal combo but this band has taken it too far . Every song is exactly the same , there is no inventive textures , the playing is simplistic , and the lead singer 's voice is n't even an attempt at singing it is just flat out screaming . My advice to anyone who thinks they should buy this CD is to go out and buy Korn or Limp Bizkit if you really want a disc from this genre . Better yet , try out Incubus .
 There were a lot of crappy nu-metal bands but they are in the elite category of those crappy bands . No I will not get down with the sickness , but I will laugh at the stupid chimpanzee noises , ahhh ! ahhh ! The only redeemable quality about this cd is a remake of a Tears for Fears classic . The rest of this cd is extremely forgettable and laughable , I just ca n't take these guys serious . The singers voice sounds like he violently needs to go to the bathroom . Everytime I hear disturbed I think of those hot topic parachute pants , sloppy eyeliner , and the nu-metal undercut trim and pony nob , priceless . I will recommend one good metal band to offer instead of these dweebs
 YEAH THEIR SO LYKE HARDCORE , WHEN THEY SING `` GET DOWN WIT DA SICKNEZZ '' ITS SO AWESOME . IT MAKES ME FEEL COOL JUST KNOWING THEY THINK ITS COOL 2 B SICK !!! 1 I TINK THESE GUYZ KNOW WUT REEL MUZIK IS , CUZ EVERYBUDY KNOWZ REAL MUZIK IZ ABOUT SCREAMING POINTLESSLY AND ACTING MAD AT DA WURLD ! 11 DIZ IZ DA PURFECT ALBUM FOR TEENAGE MALEZ BECUZ IT MAKEZ DEM FEEL HARDCORE JUZ LYKE DIZ BAND ' Z CUZINS , `` SYSTUM OF A UP '' , `` SLIP NOT '' , `` MUDVEIN '' , ND ALL DOZ OTHUR HARDCORE BANDZ !! 11 DONT BOTHUR WITH DA `` SOFT '' STUFF LYKE `` LINKIN PURK '' AND `` LUMP BUZKIT '' , DEY KANT MAKE GUUD SONGZ LYKE DEZ GUYZ CUZ DEY DONT SCREAM ENUFF !! 11
 Disturbed are gay ! All their songs are boring and sound the same . Listen to the new Killswitch Engage , `` The End of Heartache '' it 's much better . Just because the singer makes noises does not make the music good . I even like Creed better than this . That 's how bad this album is .
 The rock/metal arena in the States is getting stale . Bands like this spwan like cockroaches , looking for the same institutionalized white boys as food . Old Jane 's Addiction or Skid Row 's Slave To The Grind can blow away these players and kids so easily , if they have heard them before .
 Disturbed - I do n't know exactly how to describe them , but one word - garbage . They rank right up there with the annoying metal bands of today like Drowning Pool , System of a Down , and Flaw . If you want good year 2000 metal , pick up aomw Stereomud or Godsmack . The only song I liked on this album was Shout 2000 , and Disturbed did n't even write it ! And do n't get me started on the grunts `` ooh ah ah ah ah ! ''
 Everybody knows the anthemic call of Down With the Sickness -LRB- which is a good song -RRB- , but the rest of the -LSB- ... -RSB- on this album is pretty damn bad . The way people talk about this CD you 'd think it was the greatest thing ever -LRB- which for them it probably is -RRB- . Disturbed is realy whiny . I mean , if teenage girls can listen to this than that means that it probably is n't good and it definitley is n't metal . This is slightly below average hard-rock with a male vocalist -LRB- who , like Godsmack -RRB- who is n't very good . The songs are mostly listenable , but nothing grabs your ear . The next time you see a gothic kid or a loner ask them who one of their favorite bands is . Most of the time the response will be , `` Disturbed . They 're awesome ! '' Uhh ... How about ... No . The Sickness is very overrated and if you like this you are probably dumb or a newb . Later Disturbed releases -LRB- I felt -RRB- are much better and have more solid musicanship and more advanced song structure . This is simple music for people who wish they were man enough to listen to real heavy bands like Slayer without -LSB- ... -RSB- their pants .
 No ... the answer to the question above , is that these guys are a metal version of a boy band , generated to sell records and appeal to the angry and mis-guided youth of America . They provide no great contribution or originality to music at all . A couple monkey like sounds from the singer with a sort of rappish vocals and repetitive guitars is all this band has to offer . Really , what is so great about these guys ? Their anger and angst ? Their musical abilities -LRB- HA HA -RRB- . I have heard all of their albums and I hate them all , they have no talent and they pretty much rode on the NU-Metal wave , which has long since crashed against the sandy shores of real music and receded back into the depths where crappy music with no skill or talent belongs.Each song sounds the same , follows the same formula and style . All of the songs practically blend together . At least on their sophomore release they tried some to incorporate some different things into their music , and failed miserably . And their latest album ? It is just as horrid and un-original as everything else they have made ...
 this is not good stuff , really . its way overproduced and commercialized . very lacking in substance . not that they dont have potential . david draiman has a very good voice for the type of music that they do.not recommended .
 I never really bought this , just got it burned from a friend . Ugh , good thing i did n't . First of all , I still like Voices and Stupify , theyre very good songs , but the rest of the songs are not only boring , but they give me a headache ... He 's not really rapping , more like sing-rapping . It is original , but i wouldnt really recommend this . I 'm absolutely sick of Down with the Sickness by now , The cover of Shout is stupid , and the lyrics in Droppin Plates are horrendus . I 'm glad I did n't spend money on This . Disturbed is better than most nu-metal garbage out there right now . Some of the other songs sound sorta cool , but I definately wont be listening to this often .
 I previously gave this album four stars , but I do n't know what I was thinking . I should have known I would n't have liked this . `` Stupify '' is okay , and `` Numb '' and `` Shout '' are n't bad either , but that 's it . Unless you like nu-metal stuff like Korn and Limp Bizkit , you will not like this . -LRB- ... -RRB- Not the worst of the genre , but bad just the same . Give me Iced Earth over this ANY day !
 There once was a day when I would have given the sickness 4 stars . But long since purchasing this , my music collection has grown considerably and I no longer consider Disturbed to be as great as I once thought of them . My despise for them probably came with my complete disappointment with Believe , that record sucked . As for the Sickness I find tracks 1-5 , 10 and 11 to be listenable . Everything else is boring . The song Down with the Sickness is the heaviest song here , which was one thing that disappointed me when I first listened to it and has been featured in so many movies that its lost all meaning . Sorry kiddies , but if you want great metal , then you have to look elsewhere , Disturbed only live to disappoint . Check out bands like Malevolent Creation , Slayer , Sepultura -LRB- Old -RRB- , and Vader instead for some real metal .
 Can be catchy but , as with most nu-metal , it does n't inspire many repeat listens , because it all sounds the same and , once the `` catchiness '' wears off , it 's fairly mediocre .
 I 'm not a huge disturbed fan , I do not have any of their shirts , I have not seen them live , and no I do n't have `` Disturbed '' tattooed across my back . I remember seeing Queen Of The Damned though and hearing that song Lestat lip-synchs , which is , of course , Down With the Sickness . I 've heard other songs by them -LRB- like `` Stricken '' , `` Inside the Fire '' , etc. -RRB- and they are indeed catchy . I thought I should check the album out.I do not consider Disturbed to be metal in any sense . I just consider them to be hard rock . Anyone who considers these guys metal obviously do n't listen to Metal . I do n't like Nu-Metal , but I gave these guys a chance and I guess this is worth having if you want some good angry music . However , the reason this only gets two stars is because while the songs are kind of catchy , they sound too much the same - there 's not enough variety in the music . 75 % of the songs all have the same beat and I could swear I could hear the monkey noises in each song -LRB- the infamous `` Oooh-ah-ah-ah-ah !!!!! '' as heard on DWTS -RRB- . You 've heard DWTS , then you 've heard the whole album , pretty much.Not to mention , Bruce Dickinson did what Disturbed `` do '' a long time ago in a catchy track called `` Starchildren '' on his 1997 albumAccident of Birth . And much better too . It has the mid-tempo beat abd all , sans the monkey noises . And it sounds way better and more tasteful than Disturbed . Not to mention Adrian Smith has a catchy guitar solo and it 's a heavy hard-hitter . Overall , I guess this is worth a look , but do n't expect anything fresh and original . This gets a very reluctant 3 stars from me .
 I like Disturbed . `` Believe '' Disturbed ! But not `` Sickness '' Disturbed . Because this album is a waste of `` funds ! '' I would n't recommend it to anyone . If you want Disturbed , stay away from this and pick up the new album `` Believe '' because it is much much better !
 Looking for a good rock band is hard so when i heard of disturbed i was hopeful , but it has to be said this is the biggist pile of tripe ive ever listened to , and i have heard some crap albums . dont buy this save yourself from this really bad and pants album . i give it one star because it is extremely crap . crap crap crap . thank you
 this band along with static-x , linkon park , black label society , five finger death punch , stone sour , etc. are the reason i don ' t listen to the radio anymore . very boring , very tired , very predictable . save your self the time and effort put forth on these bands and go look for something else . the people who bought this album are probably the same people who caught onto hatebreed in 2003 rather than 1997 , or shadows fall instead of overcast , and killswitch engage instead of blood has been shed . do n't buy this and we can hope this bands stop touring and creating -LRB- more like manufacturing , or formulating -RRB- music .
 I dunno . Their singer tries to be real scary & intimidating . But it just makes me laugh . It doesnt help matters that he is 5ft tall with boots on . I guess alot of people buy into it when he does his growls & grunts & tries to look evil & tough . If the music was really good then maybe I could overlook the singer & his cornball lyrics . But the music is alot of cheesy riffing & recycled garbage thats been done alot better by other bands . Recommended for angry 12 year old boys only .
 Ok first off so you posuers know I 'm NOT a `` real metal '' or `` death metal '' elitist I like punk and rock and real music like that . -LRB- I 'm not saying metal is n't real music it has its moments but disturbed sure is n't -RRB- Ok so onto disturbed . . first of all you know these guys are in it for the money . Can you imagine actually playing this music for LEISURE ? And also just coincidentally nu-metal Helmet , RATM , FTM and KoRn ripoff bands happen to be the trend ... or is it a coincidence maybe you 're actually listening to posers * gasp * Onto the music it 's a joke . I can hum these songs without even changing tone ! that 's skill ! Extremely repetitive riffs that even I can play -LRB- yes I play the guitar -RRB- . I can tune my guitar down to levels where the sound is mindless rubbish too . Oh yeah and scream mindlessly too . Hey I said mindless about the vocals AND the music ! Yep this stuff is really worth listening to.I 'm done . Get Circle Jerks , Dead Kennedys , Black Flag , Bad Religion , Rancid even NOFX or Pennywise . Oh you 've never heard of them ? God forbid you listen to something that 's not mainstream .
 those who think this is ` heavy ' or ` hardcore ' listen to Black Flag or Slayer . If you are thinking of buying this , please dont , it would be cheaper to buy a knife and bore out your ear . The result would be similiar , but less depressing . If you do believe this is good music , listen to it , but dont try and trick the innocent into buying this crap .
 Before you jump all over me , please give me a minute to explain myself . I really hated Disturbed when this first came out , and mean `` The Sickness '' was overplayed and overplayed , and then I thought I give the album a shot , and man did it suck . I mean I thought these guys were the worst musicans in the world -LRB- second to Blink 182 -LRB- YET ... I was very impressed with `` Believe '' as they seemed to give up on the bubble gum wan na be Metal type music , and played some good straight up Hard Rock . I really believe in you want to get a good taste of Disturbed , to try `` Believe '' its 100x better then this garbage . Hopefully the band will continue to mature , and get better with each album
 I 'm sorry , this is a poor excuse for a record . It does not fit under any title that even remotely approaches metal . Three chords played throughout the record bore you to tears after five minutes , and the songs become very repetitive . I 'm not even sure if the cd deserves at the most 1 star .
 I think Disturbed is n't that good , actually , it ai n't good . Very few songs hae some kind of a melody , which are ok , but this cd is a total piece of cr ** . I do n't recommend it to anyone but deep heavy fans . Thanx .
 These guys should be opening for John Tesh . That 's how hardcore they are . If you liked Judas Priest you might enjoy this album while on narcotics . This , like many of the albums released in the past year or two , is very cookie cutter , straight forward angst-pop manufactured to sell to boys in High School that hate their fathers . Do yourself a favor and instead of getting this extremly bad album , sink your money into a copy of Psalm 69 and quit worrying about what MTV says is popular .
 ` The Sickness ' has a few catchy sing-a-long songs that can be found all over the radio that , I must admit , made me buy the CD -LRB- Down with the Sickness . -RRB- The rest of the songs are not great , musically or lyrically ; fillers . By far the worst song I 've heard in a while has to be `` Droppin Plates , '' which made me roar with laughter . However , I will not say that there are NO good songs on the CD . The one I think with the most talent would be `` Numb . '' The singer can sing fairly well and the guitarits are okay , but the drummer is weak.Basically , those of you who love Limp Bizkit or Drowning Pool or think KoRn is HARD music will think this album is hard , and you may like it . But for people who enjoy awesome bands with REAL musical talent such as Mudvayne , Tool , Crossbreed , Fear Factory , and Rammstein , please do n't even think about getting this CD ! It is simply very WEAK . Buy Demaufacture or LD 50 instead !!!
 I got this CD specifically for `` Down with the Sickness '' . I 'd heard some other stuff from it , `` Voices '' and `` Stupify '' , which were n't bad , so I figured it was worth it . Man was I wrong . First of all , it 's difficult to describe , but although Disturbed clearly wants to be considered hardcore , I did n't find that to be the case . I ca n't really put my finger on it , but this CD is a little soft . I 'm not sure if it 's the synthesizer intros or the fact that Draiman `` sings '' too much . Either way , I just never really get into it . Disturbed seems to be intent on proving how different they are than all the drop-D or rap-metal bands out now . And Draiman seems to be intent on showing us that he has a good voice and great range . I 'm happy for him , but I want to hear loud , fast , screaming hardcore metal.Anyway , on to `` Down with the Sickness '' . Again , this is the reason I got the CD , so you figure I 'd at least be happy with this one . Unfortunately I did n't realize that Draiman lets loose with a temper tantrum like fit at the end of the CD version of this song . I 'm sure that somehow his little tirade fits with the meaning behind the song -LRB- not that I really care what the meaning is -RRB- , but it 's disruptive to those of us that like the screaming and `` monkey thing '' in the song.As for the rest of the CD , it 's marginal at best . In most cases , if you can make it past the intro , the songs are OK . There are a couple exceptions that , quite honestly , are just terrible -LRB- The Game , Numb -RRB- .
 This album has many sweet riffs , but the lead singer sounds like an ape and makes a wide range of stupid noises that screams cheeseness . Its a little embarasing to listen to this album . Worth a borrow , not a buy .
 I just got done looking at my earlier review of Disturbed 's `` Believe '' album ... 2 of 14 helpful votes . Ha ! And with that , I give you my review of `` Da ' Sickness '' . i must warn you though , it wo n't be pretty . Dare I say , it could get ugly . You see , I have been a fan of metal for over 15 years and though it finally seems to be on the downslide , nu-metal is an abomination to music and I happily join the minority who preach the evils of rapping over simplistic , drop-tuned guitar and will continue to do so until every last nu-metal band is gone forever . With that , I move forth.I have been graced with presence of `` Stupify '' , `` Down Wit ' Da ' Sikness '' and `` Voices '' more times than I care to acknowledge . Much to my constant grumbling , these songs seemed to follow me everywhere as if they were fully aware that I 'd rather be subjected to a month-long marathon of The Carpenters Greatest Hits . In addition , I had the misfortune of seeing Disturbed live and it was every bit as troubling and nightmare-inducing as their recorded fare . It seemed that no matter how much I wished it would all end , the Disturbed low rider would roll into any listening range that I could be found.Currently , Disturbed still has a sizable fan base that seems to believe that they are the spiritual succesors to metal 's legends to come before them . Personally , I fail to find any corelation between metal 's kings like Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Slayer and Pantera who have created and rejuvenated the genre through constant progression and innovation and a band who gladly cozies up to the angst-ridden likes of Korn and Linkin Park and ca n't pull off a measley gutar solo . No , Disturbed fits fine with the Mudvayne 's and other assorted clown mask wearing outfits but `` metal '' metal , they are not by any stretch.Again , I can sense that Disturbed 's currently loyal fanbase will shoot down this review and I fully understand as I know what it 's like to align yourself with a band that gives you chills and makes you feel alive . I 'm merely throwing out the idea that you would sooner drop your copy of `` The Sickness '' off at your local used record store for trade in if you actually had the opportunity to experience real metal from the greats like Down , Iron Maiden , Motorhead and Anthrax or from the next generation of metal stalwarts like In Flames , Soilwork , Lamb Of God and The Black Dahlia Murder . Try it ... you may find that I am not altogether wrong .
 The first time I heard Disturbed , I knew that the death knell for nu-metal had been sounded . A watered down copy of a watered down copy of a good idea , Disturbed take the requisited de-tuned guitars and `` sick '' vocals and manage to create something entirely uninteresting . The songs do n't feel heavy , the vocalist sounds like a barking hyena most of the time , and the lyrics end up being hilarious more than anything else -LRB- `` No mommy , do n't hit me again ... I 'll be a good boy '' -RRB- . Rather than creating something new , Disturbed ride the nu-metal wave with minimal success .
 Here is another album of guys who want to try and show how angry they can be . The bad thing about this is that there is no substance to it . Just because you can shout profanities does n't mean your music is going to be good . `` Stupify '' is getting the airplay right now . I would not be surprised to see these guys disappear like many other hate bands . This is just noise and nothing more .
 Sorry , I just do n't get what 's so great about Disturbed . Most of the album is filler -LRB- e.g. , Dropping Plates , Fetish for Violence -RRB- . Even the few catchy songs get boring after a few listens . People who think Drowning Pool or Korn are heavy bands might like this , but if you 're looking for REAL talent and musicianship skip this and go buy some Tool .
 It was a good group specially in late 60 ' , when ` The Letter ' was released , but the songs could be better selected cause when you do n't find in the track list one of their best like ` Most of all ' , surely there 's something wrong . It 's was a sin to forget this song .
 I read the reviews and everyone said this was a great piece of work . Well I agree that it was a peice of something but I wo n't go into that . This album is nothing but noise . There is no rythum to the album what-so-ever . It sounds like a band that just gets together and each person does thier own thing and records it . Absolutely horrible in my opinion . Do yourself a favor and get something like Full Blown Chaos . As for this album , save your money .
 This is by far one of the worst cds I have ever heard . This singer is terrible and should be shot with a very heavy animal tranquilizer . I never was a big fan of grindcore or hardcore so I guess this is n't my cup of tea at all . The drummer is damn good though . He should start another band and leave these guys to play a half empty venue the rest of their lives with the likes of Blood Has Been Shed , Hatebreed , Bleeding through.Don ' t buy it because it sucks .
 This box set contains a treasure of melodies and poetry.This singles can make us get fun but no without make changes in our mind and soul.morrissey knows the measure of the sadness and happiness of the human soul.Morrissey makes the words means a lot and his music fills the empty spaces in our souls.Listen '' Interlude '' and try not to think about love and life .
 There was nothing wrong with the CD.It was the fella singing , was like a one note one key dirge.If I had heard a sampler of the thing I would not have bought it.These things happen.David Fleming .
 This group is not very good . Derivative Dylan meets Beatles , poorly executed . Sounds like Beau Brummels outtakes at best . Whenever they do have a good song they find a way to ruin it -LRB- like some of the Nashville recordings with poorly placed harmonies -RRB- . If this stuff had been recorded in the early 60 's it might be worth mentioning but the fact is a long line of better groups -LRB- Dylan , Beatles , Byrds , Beau Brummels -RRB- were already on the market . The only thing I liked was the avant-garde Twist and Shout cover . Beware of books that recommend this group , they are simply wrong . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Disappointing . After the magic on the debut single comes this CD from the Norwegian duo . Fine vocals , pretty faces but there 's hardly anything new or exciting here . Nothing comes close to DO N'T SAY YOU LOVE ME . The new single , MIRROR MIRROR , is good . It 's nice to see that the girls have co-written all the material but the lyrics are so dull and the songs sound all the same . Kindergarten , Jack and Jill lyrics - always the same innocent , pre-teen `` relationship '' tangles ! The production is clean and polished but not too adventurous or different from everything else that 's out . Standard work from Matt Rowe -LRB- Spice -RRB- , Full Force -LRB- Backstreet -RRB- , Per Magnusson/David Kreuger -LRB- Britney -RRB- and Jimmy Bralower -LRB- Jennifer Paige -RRB- . Not as fun and fresh as Mandy Moore 's disc and Britney , not as mature as Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera . Perhaps a teen crowd will relate a little better but I do n't think this set speaks to an adult audience -LRB- which was initally speculated -RRB- and certainly wo n't light any fires in an older demographic . If you 've heard this already and were as disappointed as I was , then try out the debut CD from fellow Norwegian teen Lene Marlin -LRB- PLAYING MY GAME - breaking out worldwide right now ! -RRB- and have your faith restored ! Or else stick with the Jennifer Paige disc , which is the real thing .
 No doubt about it , these girls have got talent ... songwriting , singing , playing music , something that SHOULD break them out the `` teenybopper '' mold . But , unforunately , it does n't . Their voices are too sweet ... no depth ... lacking range and unique quality , their voices are much too empty . Their songs are also quite depressing , lacking uptempos , or even songs with the slightest feel of R&B . There 's only one song that falls under `` midtempo '' on the album , which is `` Do n't Mess With My Love '' which is somewhat upbeat , but still lacks a jazzy feel . Their voices also have no maturity ... listening to an 8-year old sing to jump rope chants would be arguably the same . Unforunately , they do n't put on too good a show , either . Lacking the stage prescence of Britney , the voice of Christina , the maturity or the sensuality of Jessica 's voice , and the quality of Mandy 's vocal performance , they 'll be lucky to be remembered as one hit wonders . Overall , I did n't enjoy this CD , and it is almost impossible to like more then 4 songs . However , I recomend getting this for a fan of cheesy bubble-gum pop ... especially for anyone who would mistake Aaron Carter as talent . Anyway ... I guess I 'm trying to say ... the girls ai n't no Mariah
 Ok these girls sound like the chipmunks . Seriously . Even my friends think so . This album truly defines the reason that people think pop is -LSB- bad -RSB- . Do n't buy it , you 'll just be wasting your money .
 It 's nice that Marion & Marit write their own songs . That ` sgood for them - I mean , not very many fifteen year olds in thebusiness write their own songs . The lyrics can easily be related to and all . They seem like two decent girls . I would probably be friends with them ... but just because they have good personalities , and they write their own songs and play their own instruments , do n't mean they can sing . I 'm really all about vocals - and these girls sound like four year olds . I first heard `` Do n't Say You Love Me '' and thought , ` Well , the track may have been rushed ... their nose may have been stopped up or something . ' Then I heard `` Mirror Mirror '' on the Disney Channel - and oh my GOD , it 's even worse than their first song . So I listened to some other tracks , and truthfully was disgusted . They can NOT sing . I do n't know how they even got a record deal . Their voices are horrible . They sound like little kids . I 'll come back here in a couple years and see how many more albums M2M have made ... * cough * . Likely , none . They will NOT LAST in this business ... First of all , they wo n't be taken seriously . Anyone who sounds that bad , CA N'T be taken seriously . But what I 'm trying to say is , they have no talent . Do n't waste your money on this CD and go buy Christina Aguilera 's or Whitney Houston 's .
 NOTE
 While there are some good songs on this album -LRB- Do n't say you love me , Our song , Girl in your dreams -RRB- , they wear out quickly unless your really into teenie-bopper pop music , or your a 13 year old girl . Mostly all the songs just seem like variations of the same theme . The only thing that about m2m that caught my attention is Do n't say you love me from the pokemon soudtrack -LRB- and i dont even like pokemon -RRB- . From what i 've heard , their next album is just going to be more of the same .
 Their voices are just a little too sweet for me - nothing like what I heard on the Disney concert . The songs are nice and catchy , but if you 're expecting the beautiful and unique voices you heard on the Disney concert , with that unique blend of harshness and sweetness that only the greatest female singers can achieve ... And if , like me , you thought it was too good to be true that 2 15 year old girls can achieve this ... it is .
 Well . Somes are good.for example , Everything you do , The day you went away . . But Each of Songs are all the same!Just says Love and love and love and love and love ... pretty pretty pretty boy boy boy boy ... Yuck ! Please M2M , do n't be such a foolish duo!I wish M2M to be better in sophomore album ...
 it 's like when you were little and watching TV with your parents , and the sitcom topic turns to sex . you feel embarrassed to be there , though it 's clearly not your fault . reminiscent of maybe baz luhrmann , or henry rollins ' spoken word stuff , except that luhrmann just plain ... , and rollins is at least poignant and intelligent . plus , gaylor 's voice has this awful ` tough-guy posturing ' character to it . a blatantly poor release for the uninspired `` something-different '' crowd . this disc hurts me . please make it stop .
 This is not the best of the spoken word genre . His stories are not particularly creative , lyrical or really all that interesting . While it 's easy to relate to some of his tunes , especially for a connecticutt suburbanite like me , these little tales are simply unoriginal and does n't take a whole lot of thought . There are two tracks I love , suicide is interesting as hell , edgy , awesome . Out the Window is the best track , haunting music , and ulitimatly disturbing . The words of claustraphobia , well , you can feel it in your bones . It 's a truly affecting track , bleak , it gives me the shivers . The rest of the songs , again , just dont ' do it . The music is aweful , truly poor . If you want to hear some good , unique , thoughtful , truly funny or truly beautiful or truly sad spoken word set to good music then try Maggie Estep or King Missile . Those are actualy albums , this is just a stupid little collection of anecdotes that anyone could have written .
 Your average amature rapper ... at bestthis is terrible . It sounds very budget . It reminds me of a lot of the groups on garagebend.com The lyrics and delivery are horrible and the beats are the same or worse to . . do n't get me started ... -LRB- I 'm usually not a hater -RRB- ... but i ca n't find one original idea or anything in this that even closely resembles artistic merrit or single potential .
 This recording shows its age and the tone is faint and not clear . It 's hard to find Perlman in it .
 the music is ok but the songs are not performed by the artists that made them famous . Be forwarned . They are performed OK but not as well as the originals .
 This is a shortened arrangement of The Wooden Prince.It does not contain a very significant section which is the most beautiful part of the finale.I can not understand why the previous reviewer neglected to mention this fact.I would have appreciated the warning and I would not have purchased this CD .
 I 'm a huge French pop fan . Sylvie Vartan simply did n't have the canon of songs like France Gall 's or Francoise Hardy 's . Her singing was fair . Even Brigitte Bardot , who could barely sing , had top notch material written by Serge Gainsbourg . Sylvie 's material , on this CD anyway , is n't so hot .
 I do n't share the other reviewers ' enthusiasm for this performance . To my ear , the chorus is too large and diffuse and the soloists are , conversely , too distant to be emotionally involving.On the good side
 I have had two copies of this CD sent to me from Amazon and both have an unfortunate problem with the transitions between the movements . There is an audible clicking sound at the end of each movement , and some movements are cut off split seconds before they are ended . It 's as if I had recorded it on my boombox and stopped the tape between movements . I had heard the cassettes this Christmas and was so impressed with the interpretation and performances , -LRB- I 'm a big fan of Elmer Iseler , who prepared the choir , -RRB- I HAD to buy the CD as soon as possible . Though the fidelity of my mother 's relatively ancient sound system components leaves much to be desired , I did not detect this transition problem on the cassettes . Very disappointed with CD quality . Manufacturing problem , I 'd say , though both CD sets came shrink wrapped in polyethylene and not cellophane , and had no adhesive label with the title , like other CDs have , which makes me wonder if they had been returned to stock by previous dissatisfied customers .
 I ca n't even rate this . I never received it after waiting for almost a month . There was no tracking information . I had purchased this for a gift and since it never arrived was extremely disappointed .
 Eric Clapton = Most overrated popular musician of the 20th century , and this album only cements that fact . Have n't you sucked the life out of Robert Johnson enough ?
 Ok ... what is going on here ? First of all , you record a cd and put the name of the greatest blues rock guitarist of my generation on it and then you make it sound like Frank Sinatra with a great band behind him ?! I am an Eric Clapton fan , you know that guy that can play the blues covers better than anyone and once recorded with BB King ? Who is this guy ? Come on , give me a break , OVER THE RAINBOW ? I mean , OVER THE RAINBOW , is n't that the song that was sung in the Wizard of Oz by this Dorothy chick ? ... The only thing that saved this cd was whoever was recording it actually did some great EC tunes . I thought I heard a couple of them up until that guy started singing like Sammy Davis Jr. doing some Howlin ' Wolf covers . Please , whoever you are , do not do this again .
 I 've always been a fan of Eric Clapton 's music , especielly the bluesy stuff , and I 've usually enjoyed his live recordings , but this one was an utter disappointment . Amazon suggests that you buy it along with Clapton 's recent `` Me And Mr Johnson '' , and those two are indeed something of a pair.Disc one is the worst , consisting of a mixture of older songs -LRB- such as a reasonably good , acoustic and quite Bill Broonzy-esque rendition of `` Key To The Highway '' -RRB- , and long , tedious versions of newer material like `` My Father 's Eyes '' , `` River Of Tears '' and the awful , preachy , weepy , Michael Jackson-like `` Change The World '' . But even the blues material does n't sound bluesy anymore , and I actually did n't recognize Jimmy Oden 's classic `` Goin ' Down Slow '' at first . In what must easily be the worst recording of this tune ever , Clapton turns it into a happy , bouncing little pop song with just a hint of jazz and no blues feel whatsoever.Disc two fares a little bit better , at least when it comes to the choice of songs . But both `` Badge '' , `` Have You Ever Loved A Woman '' and `` Hoochie Coochie Man '' sound bland and uninspired , partly because Clapton 's band do n't know how to play the blues . Or perhaps they 've been told not to , and that 's why everything sounds the same.One thing is for sure
 Two stars because it 's EC . However , i kept waiting for this to get some heart and soul and it never happened . I have no problem with Eric finishing off with Somewhere over the rainbow , but I thought he was going to finish it off with a gut wrenching searing solo , ala `` Ai n't nobody 's business ... '' but he never did . I like to think of this as `` Eric Plays the Holiday Inn , Altoona PA '' . I think that the true testament of a CD is how much it sells for on the `` Amazon Used '' marketplace . If a double CD is selling for less than $ 5 then that really shows you how good it is , currently its going for $ 3.47 . So all I have to say to those that do n't like my review is that you have never actually listened to the CD or secretly you agree , have sold your copy of it and now feel a little guilty . Love you Eric , but sadly you missed here.Update 2010
 Obviously Eric 's heart is no longer in the music . I did not buy his last release , after hearing the drum machines in a preview at the store . I should have passed on this one , also . You will not recognize the song ` Cocaine ' -- Donny Osmond or even Yanni could probably have done a better job . What 's up with the synthesizers and assorted pop/disco/whatever additions ? What a waste of talent . Do us a favor and retire , Eric . Just keep re-releasing the old stuff ; because once you were the best , we just have to dig back a few years to try to prove it to anyone.Can I get a refund ?
 This is not a bad CD , there is just something not quite right.The problem is that all songs are played with the exact same , flat emotion . So a blues number like Have You Ever Loved a Woman , has the same light energy that an up tempo song like Wonderful Tonight or Sunshine of Your Love has . It is middle of the road , and not fitting for any of the songs . It is as if Clapton is becoming a lounge act , ready for Las Vegas.Most of these songs have been done live before , and much better . So this CD adds nothing new or special . And there are some bad songs . Reptile is a throw back to late seventies , Sunday Brunch jazz . It sounds like something George Benson would have done , only not as good . My Father 's Eyes has some guitar work , but just drones on way too long.There are some good parts , and Clapton does open up on guitar occasionally . The best solos , however , are on keyboards , by Billy Preston.I am giving this 2 stars , because there are so many other better Clapton CD 's . However , anything by Clapton is better than most things by other artists . If you want to here Clapton really rock or play the blues with some emotion , get Crossroads II , or 24 nights , or Derek and the Dominos Live . Hear how Have You Ever Loved a Woman or Bell Bottom Blues should sound.The other reason I am giving this 2 stars , is the slimely trick they play to get you to buy both the DVD and the CD . If you want to just hear music and or play this in the car , you need to get the CD . But , they purposely leave off one track so you need to get the DVD , if you want the complete show .
 For the record , I am a HUGE E.C. fan -LRB- I even gave `` Reptile '' five stars during a prior review -RRB- . I saw Eric live at Madison Square Garden during this tour and thought it was a very good show . However , I found this CD to be very disappointing . While there were some excellent tracks -LRB- eg , an acoustic version of Bellbottom Blues -RRB- , this CD overall was way too laid back -LRB- my wife referred to it as a `` lounge act '' -LRB- ouch !! -RRB- when I played it in the car . Reminded her of `` Murph and the Magictones '' from the `` Blues Brothers '' she said -LRB- that one really hurt !!! -RRB- -RRB- The main reason is that the still-present fire in Eric 's electric guitar was overwhelmed by incredibly annoying keyboards -LRB- eg , in Badge -RRB- . My advice to EC is to fire his entire band -LRB- except for Nathan East , who is an exceptional bass player -RRB- , bring back George Terry -LRB- EC 's second guitarist in the ' 70 's -RRB- , if he can still play , and hire Zak Starkey -LRB- Ringo 's kid -RRB- to play drums on a new album and for live shows . -LRB- I saw The Who at MSG last summer with Zak on drums and was simply blown away . -RRB- Or try borrowing Sheryl Crow 's superb backup band -LRB- those who have heard Eric 's blistering version of `` White Room '' on Sheryl 's `` Live in Central Park '' CD know exactly what I mean -RRB- . For EC fans looking for great live material , I would recommend Crossroads II , Derek and the Dominoes-Live at the Fillmore or 1996 's Live at Hyde Park over `` One more Car '' . Or try to find an old copy of the `` Old Grey Whistle Test '' on VHS on eBay .
 The man is a master , doubts there , but this CD was really not the best Clapton I 've ever heard . Everything was a huge production and I can understand that for concert goers , but frankly it ruined some really great classics ; especially Claptons blues covers and his signature Layla . I was really hoping for some great tunes from this CD but I think I 'm better off listening to some of the past works Mr. Slow Hand has done .
 I wo n't deny it . I 'm a Clapton fanatic and have been for 4 decades . I 've seen more Clapton shows than I can remember . This collection , however , is not even indicitive of what the man can do . Sure , he sings great , but he also yields the reigns over to the keybords too much in addition to rendering stiff versions of old favorites . But it 's not Clapton so much as it 's the band that undermines this title . Layla is leaden , Sunshine of Your Love does n't swing at all and Cocaine is plodding . The main reason for these really stiff and lazily rendered `` Vegas Clapton '' tunes is , I feel , Steve Gadd . A great musician , one of the best ever . But he 's just not a rock drummer in the same vein as , say , Phil Collins or even Ringo . ` Reptile ' on disc 1 illustrates what Gadd does best . Laid back and just right . And it works here just fine . But the rest of it ? NOT ! Back in the early 80 's , Clapton fired his band of English studio players citing that they were ` too perfect ' and ` lacked a feel for the music ' . This is also the case here . Too competent , too clean , too straight and very boring . Get ` Live at the Fillmore '' or ` Crossroads II ' or ` George Harrison Live in Japan ' to hear the real deal . Too bad you ca n't just buy disc 1 of ` One More Car ... ' by itself . At least the master is n't being led by the band on most of these tunes . Otherwise this collection is EC on auto pilot .
 Everyone has an opinion , and music is so subjective to begin with-That said - neither Dead mans Chest or the third installment of the films music have near the lyric quality or melodic themes of the 1st . plus this to me , is devoid of emotion - its a film score just like many , many others - However , the exception is Davy Jones theme . I do rather like it - but again I would prefer it more simple . And all those who think they can recognize Zimmer ? sorry , but Badelt would not have been credited with composing the melody on Curse had he not done just that.I do n't think Zimmers variations on the original theme do anything for the music or the film . I liked the original - a more contemporary treatment is just not my cup of tea - but it will be for someone else .
 I 'm a professional musician who has been collecting music soundtracks for over 20 years . I 'm very particular with my selections , and only choose those that exhibit inspired and unique qualities . I was excited at picking up `` Dead Man 's Chest '' after hearing the brooding tones along with the original theme from the first movie . I was appalled to learn after purchasing this soundtrack that neither the opening credits music nor the end credits music was included on the CD ! -LRB- When previewing the selections I figured maybe these selections were included under some of the named tracks on the cd -RRB- These two selections are typically the two places where the composer is free to present the movies themes in a more or less `` concert '' version that is uninhibited by movie action . While there is plenty of brooding music in this CD , it is all incidental music and the main theme is only heard in it 's entirety one time ! What music producer would leave off such standard selections ? None of the other soundtracks that I own ! This soundtrack is a total let down . Buy `` Black Pearl '' instead .
 The only problem I have with this , is that the number one song is named jack sparrow , instead of - Captain - Jack Sparrow .
 First , let me say that Amazon needs a selectioon of zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars - this turkey doe n't even deserve the single star I gave it . Like another reviewer , I bought this CD in hopes of hearing the beginning and ending theme tracks . If you 're looking for those - SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!! They 're NOT on this CD !!!! To add insult to the disc , they even added some LEEEHOOOSER Disco Bunny artist 's track at the end of the CD as filler ! If I had n't ordered this CD from Amazon , I 'd take it back to the store and get my money back . Paying the return shipping is n't worth my time and trouble to do this , I 'll just keep the CD to show others who may be interested in buying it to avoid it and save their money.It 's really a shame that the beginning and ending credit themes are not on this CD . I really enjoyed staying in the theater all the way through the credits just listening to the music . My only wish was that they could have had the voulme up at it 's normal blasting level -LRB- odd that our theater had it turned down a bit -RRB- . The movements throughout the ending credits were just that good . As one other reviewer stated -LRB- Kyle T. Lane -RRB- , this album really is a dissapointment and a let down . Save your money and grab a copy off a torrent .
 After listening to the Pirates of the Caribbean
 When I first heard that Hans Zimmer was going to provide the score for Dead Man 's Chest , all hopes I had for a good consolation after the droning catastrophe that was Curse Of The Black Pearl were instantly gone.After hearing Da Vinci Code , though , I thought well , maybe Zimmer has a good year and it wo n't be that bad.Boy was I wrong.To get one thing out of the way right now . When you have to deal with Media Ventures , you never know who the heck is doing what ; but Zimmer did write all the themes for Curse Of The Black Pearl , Badelt just used them.So , in Dead Man 's Chest , Zimmer got the first opportunity to unfold his own thematic material.Unfortunately , his approach , although different from Badelt 's , is just as ineffective and plainly annoying.Jack Sparrow 's theme is ... well , it 's without character . It brushes Jack 's wackyness and adventurous side somehow , but if I heard that thing -LRB- even knowing it was a POTC theme -RRB- out of context , I could n't indentify it with Jack.The Kraken introduces the sound of an organ . Actually , the integration of an organ sounded like a good idea at first because it depicts evil creatures very well , but the execution , as always , is extremely dire . The so - called Kraken theme is merely a lifted theme from Batman Begins , nothing more , and it 's just not the kind of writing that makes an organ sound massive . The synth beats underneath are just too wierd and too much of a contrast.Then the only theme left is Davy Jones ' . The music box tune is kind of interesting , we have to see how it fits into the character , but boy oh boy did my head hurt when I heard electric guitars twanging . You do n't even have to fight over this ; it 's bad , just bad . If there was ever a wrong choice in film music , this is it . James Horner already came up with more than questionable ideas , but this one tops them all . ALL I say!The major problem with almost every track is that although Zimmer tried to do some `` character work '' and establish different identities , everything builds into the same loud , brassy , orchestral crash - filled action climax sooner or later.The problem with the overall sound quality is the same as always . Zimmer so much relies of the lowest extremes of instruments that the result is extremely stale and shallow . Everything just mushes together . Even the organ loses its power and brightness because of that low end writing.These things just showcase that Zimmer has either no clue of orchestration or that he finds this pale mass powerful.And I 've yet to hear a Zimmer score with a clever integration of woodwinds anyway.I really ca n't believe there are people who actually like this mess . The general argument always goes : `` This is n't pirate music '' `` But Pirates Of The Caribbean is no real pirate movie ! `` Of course the Pirates Of The Caribbean series is not really home in the pirates genre , but neither is it a generic action - adventure flick as the music implies.And I do n't see why Zimmer 's utterly generic and monotonous music should be called good or at least sufficent , just because the film is not 100 % pirate movie.Do you remember when you were a little kid , you watched a TV show , and you just knew , even as a child , that the music was totally ineffective , corny and out of place?Well , that 's the kind of music Hans Zimmer produced for Dead Man 's Chest . Neither artsy , nor effective , nor `` different '' , just really really bad stuff .
 It was like Hans Zimmer was too lazy to think of anything new . The music was my favorite part of the first film and I was excited to hear new music on the second , only it was basically the same . Way to be original .
 I was quite looking forward to this soundtrack ... I loved Klaus Badelt 's soundtrack to POTC
 Nowhere near as good as the first soundtrack and the final track is down right criminal . What was the composer thinking ? The only good thing about it is the snips that resemble the first soundtrack . Spare yourself the expense and stick with the first soundtrack . If you did n't pick up the first one , you 're missing something special and if you did , it 's the only `` Pirate Music '' you 'll need for now . Let 's see what happens with the third one .
 The IRS REM albums were some of the best released ... and best sounding ... of the 80 's . This strips all of this and is shameful . Too much loudness compression , making it impossible and difficult to listen to . Technology is getting better all the time ... yet the music industry is releasing albums as if we were all listening to cheap Chevy pick-up truck stereos . THIS IS TO BE AVOIDED . SHAMEFUL .
 How many `` Best Of '' collections do we need from R.E.M. ?? Most of these songs here have been released on other collections already , like Eponymous and In Time . Give me a break !
 This is really sad , this is an otherwise excellent collection . But in today 's quest for everything to be LOUD , the over compressed this so that it 's lost almost all dynamic range , and is just stressfull to listen to . You hear things you never did before -- BECAUSE THAT WEREN `` T SUPPOSED TO STAND OUT IN THE MIX ! Everything just stays at the same level , it sounds like there are some phase issues on some tracks as well.I just encoded a couple tracks and the originals , do that if you want to see it -- the songs are all peaked at max level throughout on the remaster . The original has highs and lows ... well , dynamics ! imagine that ! This is unlistenable to me , stick with the original . Of course it may be worth having for the rare stuff , sadly that 's no better . Every instrument at the same level . REM from this time is classic , but they 've butchered it .
 LAST NIGHT , the latest album by His Name Is Alive , the project of Livonia , MI musician Warn Defever , continues in the R&B ; style of early efforts , while mixing in a lot of 70 's jazz influences . Hastily recorded over a couple of weeks in the summer of 2001 , it features a much freer sound than previous HNIA albums.I found the album quite disappointing . While some feel that Defever 's foray into an R&B - inflected ; sound is alienating , I enjoyed the change of pace on 2000 's WHEN THE STARS REFUSE TO SHINE and 2001 's SOMEDAY MY BLUES WILL COVER THE EARTH . The vocals by Lovetta Pippen are skillfully done , with a sultry tone that had never been heard before in HNIA 's music . But for me , LAST NIGHT fails not because of its style , but simply because there is little sign of creative control by Warn . While earlier HNIA albums were written entirely by Defever , with him holding a high degree of control over the performances of his musicians , on this album Warn lets his band cut loose and do whatever they want . As a result , I feel like I 'm listening to something very low in quality , insteading of the crazy genius that was a hallmark of earlier HNIA efforts . Unsurprisingly , the best songs are those in which the music is provided by mostly just Warn , such as `` Maybe '' and `` Train '' . Furthermore , the artwork of the album , by acclaimed British design firm v23 , is lackluster and predictable . In order to make the album congruent with other recent 4AD releases , v23 chose to package it in a digipack with dull and occasionally obnoxious artwork.With such poor sound and artwork , I can not help but feel that LAST NIGHT is a failure of an album that should be avoided by all except collectors of His Name Is Alive 's releases .
 Today 's HNIA is like a different band , a different Warren , tho I do n't ever want it to be the same , but seems like the essence and the pure energy of the band/music has drifted elsewhere ... I miss Karen as well . Tho I think the magic of HNIA has gone , but I still can never ever get enough of the first 4 cds ... especially Home Is In Your Head .
 Reviewing music is somewhat pointless . People just like what they like . Songs are an expression of where the artist is at that time of their life . However , when you arrange an album , you 're making an offer to the buying public . That 's why I ca n't forgive Warn Defever . He 's often been a musician of poor choices . I 'll come around to Warn 's poor choice on `` Last Night '' soon . `` Last Night '' is Warn Defever and vocalist Lovetta Pippen providing a dreamy slant on blues , soul , light jazz , rock . I was fairly excited about getting this album because my source for music reviews , New Musical Express , gave it an 8 out of 10 . NME has n't always been kind to His Name is Alive , so I figured this one must really be good.The first half of the album is quite wonderful . The songs are fairly tuneful . The instrumental arrangements are unique and enveloping . Pippen 's voice is soulful and multi-textured . The descent starts on track # 8 `` Do You Want to Come to My Party '' . Defever has Pippen repeat this title over about 8 times . This is classic , stupid Defever . It 's just ... why ? Why have her sing that over and over ? What are we as listeners supposed to get out of that ? However , this is a minor gripe compared to what follows . `` Someday My Prince Will Come '' is entirely unlistenable . It 's annoying . It 's hideously jazzy , and it 's ... 11 minutes . If your friends are around while this track is playing , they 'd look at you like you 've got horrible taste in music . I strive to buy albums that I can enjoy from start to finish . I 'll always remember `` Last Night '' as an album that I 'll have to advance forward . The album finishes much the way it starts with enchanting blues , rock , but I can not forgive Defever for his 11 minute blemish just a little past center . The song virtually ruins an otherwise great album . I do n't even consider this my opinion . Take a listen . It 's a fact , and it 's a shame .
 I bought the album to hear Caetano Velosa sing Cucurrucu Paloma . He is marvellous , but the rest of the `` program music '' is too monotonous to listen to . Still , some nice Portuguese songs amid the selections .
 This CD is only for those who have seen the movie . Otherwise you will probably not enjoy the musics on it .
 Maybe it 's because I did n't see the movie or maybe it 's because I wanted something more like the Frida soundtrack but I found this CD to be very blah . I did n't care for the eternally slow version of Paloma . It also sounds like a soundtrack , which is fine if that 's what you 're into , but I prefer the songs and music to stand on their own and these just did n't do it for me .
 I GIVE IT 2 STARS FOR THE MIXING , WHICH IS GOOD . BUT THE SONG SELECTION IS NO STARS . IT SHOULD HAVE HAD I WAN NA KNOW WHAT LOVE IS BY WYNNONA JUDD . JUST GO TO ITUNES AND DOWNLOAD NEW MUSIC , BECAUSE NONE OF THESE CD 'S HAVE ALL NEW MUSIC .
 i borrowed this cd from a friend . thank god i did n't buy it . the music is old except for a couple of songs . speaking of old , i saw this guy out and looks like he is 45 yrs old ! give it up badboy and retire ! let real dj 's like jonathan peters , johnny vicious and the riddler make cd 's you old man !
 after finally finding this cd , -LRB- i went to 4 stores that never even heard of it -RRB- i was very disappointed . the mixing is good , but the song selection is not . there are too many old songs on this cd . i bought it for the new lasgo , which i love . i would recommend to buy dance party like it 's 2005 by the happy boys , dance mix nyc vol . 6 by lil cee and louie devito 's dance factory level 3 -LRB- you could never go wrong with a louie devito cd -RRB- .
 I have bought this CD with great anticipation , having heard good performances Griffes ' music before.Mr . Lewin , unfortunately , is far from the magic and poetry of this music . Please follow the score
 I just did n't like it , for a variety of reasons , including those metnioned by the other reviewer . Weber should stick to teaching .
 I like her . I have seen and listened to her on Italian tv and downloaded a couple of her songs . I bought this cd based on reviews here . This is one of the most unmusical unpleasant cds I have ever listened to . I have tried a number of times thinking maybe my impression would change , No way . I am afraid of buying another of her records . 5 stars ? I ca n't believe it . Listen before you buy . This is definitly not on my desert island list .
 George Harrison absolutely LOVED ukulele/Hawaiian music in the last years of his life . It is a shame that he did n't do an entire album of covers as he has the exuberant , buoyant spirit of that genre down perfectly in his cover here of `` Devil and the deep blue sea '' . It is the one irresistably charming element in an otherwise hum-drum set . Most of this album is uninspired and lacks melodic hooks to draw you in . Songs begin , progress , and then end with hardly anything musically noteworthy occurring . Some seem as if they were slapped together quickly and beg for reworking . Yes , I know that George was very ill when he made this . An album should not be given high ratings merely because it is a memento of a dying legend , though .
 Love the Beatles since childhood , of course John and Paul solo , even the occasional Ringo , but George always will have a special place as the unappreciated and vastly under-rated 3rd musical genius of the group . In many ways George was deeper on a spiritual and emotional level , which I believe was best reflected in his music and ability , all the while continuing to stay in the backdrop of Lennon-McCartney . I think both John and Paul consciously and unwittingly each burned this man to their own detriment . I think Paul realized this a bit too late , sadly , and may also regret not having spent a fraction of the time he used up in his downturn periods with John.I have most of George 's work on vinyl , cassette and CD , and my spouse and kids are very well aquainted with the majority of his work , whether they know the titles or not . I was very saddened by his passing , and of course wistful as I had been with John 's passing - because I knew we were being `` robbed '' again of what might still have been to come . So I just had to get his last release , placing it ahead of anything else that might be on my musical wish list . It saddens me to say that I think George , of course knowing his condition and the inevitabile , likely just kind of let go . Maybe it just was a simple release from what he had previously wanted to accomplish , maybe he felt he had nothing left to prove -LRB- too true -RRB- , or maybe he just wanted to express and vent - no frills . Maybe worse , he just did n't have it any more . For me though , it just was n't the George that pierces the heart , mind and soul , that brings one to a deeper appreciation of how profound our relationships are andwhat they should be or make us feel . This was n't the same George , and I will miss him that much more .
 I 'm a Harrison fan . And I ca n't stand this cd , it 's nothing.I prefer to keep playing All Things Must Pass or Dark Horse thank you very much .
 Much has been said about George Harrison 's `` stock '' sound , which began to appear in its completed form around the time of the ` Dark Horse ' sessions . Though some fans of the Beatles I know are driven away from the solo Harrison stock sound , I prefer to accept it and then evaluate Harrison 's work within that framework . The Harrison stock sound is very much evident here , which at this point should not be surprising . Harrison himself conceded once in an interview that his approach to his own material was to be likened to a pair of pants ; pants are what they are , no reason to reinvent `` pants '' in such a manner that they lose their functionality and thus their usefulness and purpose.What did surprise me , however , was the musical flatness of the material , especialy for a project which Harrison must have conceived as his final statement , expecting it would be a posthumous release.The cd is dominated by mid-tempo numbers , all of which occupy undistinguished melodic territory , even in relationship to each other . I knew there was something wrong when I found the best track to be , by far , ` Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea ' , a nice cover of an old standard , but which of course can not be attributed to Harrison 's own writing talents.The album finishes with a homage to Harrison 's long-standing involvement with Eastern mystic religion , fading away with Harrison chanting lines of Krishna , in an obvious attempt to leave the listener his parting thoughts as to what was most important to him in his waning days.Personal document , yes . Distinguished Harrison worthy of his own vast talent , no -- ` Brainwashed ' is a musically flat piece of workwhich I find a weak and disappointing way for George to have gone out . Even Harrison 's lesser-known works such as ` George Harrison ' , and ` Extra Texture ' surpass this one .
 The best thing that can be said about this album is that it will probably be his last . I am a huge Beatles fan , and a huge George fan , but he has not had a really good album since 33 1/3 , which was over 25 years ago.Perhaps the only thing worse for George 's music than discovering Eastern religion was discovering slide guitar . And Ukulele . And Jeff Lynne . I tried to like this but ca n't . This album is the personification of all that is the WORST of George Harrison 's music . When He sings God God God I 'm crying Damn Damn Damn . Comparing this to Traveling Willburys is not necessarily a compliment.But you know , none of the Beatles has released a decent solo album since John Lennon died . Give me All Things Must Pass . Or better yet , compare this dog with Living in the Material World . Just as preachy , but far more entertaining . If you want to hear GOOD George Harrison , buy the three albums I mentioned here .
 I swear anything that Lynne touches becomes Cheese . Why must he mess up this recording , Full moon Fever and Trav . Wil . stuff . Everything sounds the same ! And futhermore Harrison never wanted all the production on this . What a fool Lynne is ; he is not and never will be a producer and furthmore ELO blows .
 While the music on `` Brainwashed '' is charming -LRB- `` Stuck Inside a Cloud '' an `` Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea '' are highlights -RRB- , the `` extras '' you get in this Special Edition are , in my opinion , hardly worth the extra cash . The DVD contains only 1 track -- a 7-minute `` Behind the Scenes '' look at the making of the record that barely says anything at all . The `` poster '' is small and too delicate to do anything with . The guitar pick is cool , though , but I have other guitar picks . Unless I 'm missing something , I hardly think the Special Edition is worth the extra hard-earned .
 A very good Harrison disk . The Best so far since ATMP . My Love 2Uawl , Dave
 I have n't heard this CD yet , but after hearing Stuck Inside A Cloud on the radio , I 'm beginning to think that people are afraid to pan the new George Harrison album because he passed away a year ago due to cancer . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge Beatles/Harrison fan . I love most of his Beatles and other solo songs . But this has gone too far . Stuck Inside A Cloud , was a long boring tune . George Harrison was without a doubt a lengendery musician and I was devestated at his passing , but the line 's got to be drawn somewhere .
 I love all of the other albums and just figured I love this one too . I was wrong . It was very raw and not what Devendra seems to be on the others . It was one of the first so we 'll let it slide .
 I bought this for my boyfriend because he loves it so much -LRB- he lost his original copy -RRB- . However , I 'm no fan . His review would be far more complimentary than mine .
 There is nothing going on here . This guy is hero to the art school crowd . But listening to his precious conceits is boring . Having just seen him perform in David Byrne 's review of contemporary hippie-wannabes , I am even less impressed . He 's a caricature of an aesthetic aspired to by kids who had no idea what was going on the first time this sort of thing went around . Imagine preferring Donovan Leitch to Jimi Hendrix and you about have it . Do n't waste your money , his haircut not withstanding ...
 The Monkees did NOT write most of the songs they sing.I 'm a Believer and A Little Bit Me A Little Bit You are bothwritten by Neil Diamond -LRB- The GREATEST singer/songwriter of alltime ! -RRB- .
 Necessary for Meshuggah fans but hardly worth the price , Rare Trax is a disparate collection of unreleased and -LRB- really -RRB- old Meshuggah songs that , in some cases , should not have been removed from the studio vaults . There are , however , two marginally good Meshuggah songs back to back on the disc -LRB- I 'll let you figure out which songs I mean -RRB- , and combined with the sheer curiosity of some of the other tracks , they make this album worth owning if Meshuggah is one of your favorite bands -- and they are one of my favorite bands , hence my owning the disc . But to a casual listener
 Yes , I know this is a hated disc but it 's not THAT bad really . The production lets it down , sounds like it was recorded in a garage with some of the bass riffs crackling horribly . Not much chance of this getting a digital remastering I think ! If you view it as a series of b-sides or previously unreleased material it 's ok . NOT worth buying at full price though . Go for a used copy . Chances are it has n't been used all that much ! Ghastly album cover too . Just truly bad . Looks like it was slapped together by a student . It does the album no favours at all .
 THis is the album where MAiden reached the bottom ... Some drastic measures were needed ... Fire Blaze Bayley as scapegoat to the fact that the songs in VIrtual XI are simply bad songs ... Hire Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith to return to the good old times ... Smart guys ... VIRTUAL XI is something very sad . WHy ? Because , with all the fall they had in the nineties , Maiden at least never sold out to commercial music . They are already getting openly into the compilation market -LRB- their new compilation release , EDWARD THE GREATEST , is simply a greedy manouver . They hadalready released a master compilation , BEST OF THE BEAST , and `` dozens '' of live albums -LSB- . -RSB- ! -RRB- , but their music is Steve Harris 's music , strong and powerful.In VIRTUAL XI , the production is weak -LRB- as ever , since Martin Birch stopped producing Maiden albums , and some of the songs had potential . But they suffer from a new awful characteristic in Maiden songs
 I hate to say bad things about Iron Maiden ... I love this band and forever will thank God for their existence ... but Virtual Xi is a shame ... Ok , Futureal and Clansman are ok ... But what about the rest of the album ... I do n't care about the fact that Blaze Bailey is the singer , but the musics are REALLY REALLY uninspired ! I ca n't believe Steve Harris thought that como estais amigos , educated fool , Do n't look to the eyes and the lame angel and the gambler are good songs ... THIS IS THE WORST MAIDEN ALBUM , but if you are really a fanatic you may like this REALLY REALLY uninspired moment by MAIDEN !
 This is pretty bad . I 'm only a few songs into listening , but the sound on here is horrible . I 'm not going to touch the new singer , that 's low hanging fruit . The guitars sound like they were recorded using PODs , the drums sound like they ran out of mics after doing overheads ... the bass sounds decent , but is n't that always the case when he 's the main songwriter ? The performances here is what really kills the record though ... sloppy enough that it really shows how little time was spent recording this record . Even a little bit of editing would be able to time correct some of these late hits , but there are just too many on the record I guess . So ... if you 're wondering what the band would sound like drunk , have a listen .
 This album just sucks - far away from the classic iron maiden albums . only for guys who want to have all of their albums . Dont waste your time
 Loved by hundreds , hated by millions , it 's ... Virtual XI !! I rated this two stars , but that 's a bit harsh coz I think this album is better than it 's said to be . It probably seems rotten if you put it up against Maiden 's other albums . Honest and truly , Virtual XI really is n't that bad . You might gag upon your first listen , but listen to it a few more times and you 'll find that some of these songs do grow on you . Of course , if you have it in for Blaze , you wo n't even give this album the time of day . If you 're open to the Blaze albums , however , do n't be afraid to give it a shot , and do n't be afraid to say you like it if you do . Sure , there are things here that are kind of juvenile for Iron Maiden . One thing you 'll walk away remembering is , `` Do n't you think I 'm a saviour ? Do n't ya think I can save ya ? Do n't you think I can save your life ? '' You 'll remember this coz it 's sung 22 times throughout the song ! For a moment you 'll almost think you fell into a Meatloaf song . Maiden are capable of better . Yes , it has a very bad reputation amongst Maiden fans , but it 's really worth a listen . If you 're a fan , you owe it to the guys to at least do that .
 After the introduction of vocalist Blaze Bayley , they recorded X Factor in 1995 and got mixed results from fans . The band continued with Virtual XI in 1998 , which is now considered one of the worst albums in Maiden 's career . Here 's the lowdown : Futureal - This opening track is not bad at all . A good , solid rocker . I think it opens the album well.The Angel and the Gambler - The hit off of this album , but unfortunately , it is n't that great at all . Not really Blaze 's fault , but the chorus is weak.Lightning Strikes Twice - The best track on the album . This one 's a midtempo rocker / `` gloom and doom '' ballad hybrid . It 's pretty good and Murray 's blistering solo is brilliant.The Clansman - The big epic of the album . I have absolutely no complaints with this song and Blaze 's vocals are excellent.When Two Worlds Collide - This song is just bizarre to me . After hearing the previous two tracks , Blaze just does n't sound good here at all . I wonder if perhaps this was last minute?Educated Fool - Ugh , the weakest song on the album . Kind of has a galloping structure , but does n't quite come off well.Don ' t Look to the Eyes of a Stranger - Not bad , but Blaze 's vocals kind of derail this one . He 's certainly not a bad vocalist , but he sings this one rather lowkey . You have to wonder if Steve Harris wrote this one with Bruce in mind.Como Estais Amigo - The ballad of the album . The instrumentation is quite good and Blaze 's vocals are good , but this one has some poor lyrics in my opinion.The problem with this is not Blaze 's fault . Virtual XI maintains the sound of Maiden -LRB- which X Factor did n't -RRB- , but X Factor seemed tailor made to fit Blaze 's singing style . Had Bruce sung this one and some of the songs been tweaked a little , this COULD HAVE been one of the best Maiden albums ever . Sadly , most of the songs seem to have been writing for Bruce 's singing talents -LRB- because of his high vocal range -RRB- which Blaze ca n't achieve . I do n't believe Blaze is bad at all , though ... check out his own band , Blaze . I just get the feeling that this album seems rushed and perhaps there was a lot of creative headbutting over this -LRB- Blaze left the band shortly after this album 's release -RRB- . Overall , I do n't recommend this one . Only get it if you are a DIE-HARD Maiden fan , especially since this CD has n't been enhanced -LRB- to my knowledge -RRB- .
 This is definitely the worst Iron Maiden album , let 's get that out of the way . That being said it 's not bad . I rated it a two and have no idea what people were thinking when they rate it 5 stars and start the review with `` it 's not that bad . '' What are 5 stars for guys ? C'mon . Blaze sounds pretty good in spots but the lyrics seemed forced . It 's almost as if he is compelled to tell a story and has to rush each lyric in to get his point across . I have n't listened to his solo stuff , and I 'm probably going to pick something up as I kinda like him , but his style seems ... well ... constrained . It does n't sound like he is trying to sing like Bruce but rather mimic Bruce 's style which I did n't see on `` The X Factor . '' This hampers his performance . The band is tight as usual and the guitar riffs save several songs most notably `` When Two Worlds Collide . `` The album starts out great with `` Futureal '' and I thought it had a very Paul Di'Anno style . I quickly learned that style was only contained to that song . Blaze has a decent voice and sounded a hell of a lot better on `` The X Factor . '' You can tell he is n't being himself here . I did n't like `` The Angel and the Gambler '' and thought that the guitars sounded like keyboards and the song was very repetitive.This album is worth picking up if you are a Maiden fan as it is pretty good . If you are new to the band though , you probably want to wait a while before getting this one . You will want to pick up `` Number of the Beast '' , `` Piece of Mind '' , and `` Powerslave '' to start off . Once you hear those , you will be back , I guarantee , but please do n't start with this album . It would be a shame if one came to the conclusion that Iron Maiden was an average band with a few good songs . If you are a Maiden fan and are looking to hear Blaze , you will want to pick up `` The X Factor '' first . The two Blaze albums are good , the band is legendary . Do n't confuse the two .
 The X Factor was bad enough , but Virtual XI can not be viewed as anything other than a slightly heavier version of the Caddyshack soundtrack.Luckily , there are n't too many songs here ... Futureal
 This is just awful . I loved ` The X-Factor ' and I understand that bruce QUIT the band . I would rather have Iron Maiden without Bruce as opposed to NO Iron Maiden . The problem here is not Blaze 's voice it 's the songs . These songs are just awful . They are derivitave and just repeat the name of the song over and over again as a chorus . ` The Angel and the Gambler ' just repeats the lyrics `` Do n't you think I can save ya , do n't you think I 'm a saviour , do n't you think I can save your life '' 22 times in a row at one point and the song goes for like 10 minutes . All the songs are like this . Another one just goes `` Maybe lightling strikes twice , maybe lightning strikes twice '' over and over again . The problem was n't Blaze Bayley it was simply that for the first time in his life Steve Harris wrote a whole album worth of CRAP songs . In my bedroom I have all my Iron Maiden cd 's in a cd rack in order of release dates . I 've got all the Eddie 's achive cd 's and the 10 ` First Ten Years ' EP 's that came out in 1990 but ` Virtual XI ' is not allowed in the rack . It really is that bad.PS . I get sick of the Blaze bashing . He did n't write the songs . Steve Harris did . Bruce QUIT ! Steve did not fire him and as I mentioned earlier having an Iron Maiden without Bruce in the 90 's was better then having NO IRON MAIDEN . Check out Blaze 's solo albums like ` Silicon Messiah ' they are great metal albums and are produced by Andy Sneap .
 If the songs were at least more well produced or played with more energy , they could at least disguise a little the lack of quality on them.SO , after VIrtual XI , farewell to Blaze Bayley , who went on to record two great albums , SILICON MESSIAH and THE TENTH DIMENSION .
 this album -LRB- and lineup -RRB- is a turd . No ones fault really . Just bad writing , bad singing and the total `` doesnt sound like maiden since bruce left '' thing . PS Bruce 's writing is a HUGE part of maiden , and he would have the cakes to tell Steve about the obvious parts that sucked . You will know what I am talking about if you listen to this.Still great musicians , entertainers and blokes , but thank GOD Bruce is back . The other dude just wasnt maiden material ... Save your money . Actually , download it from a friend , listen to it , and judge yourself . If you like it buy it . but my guess you wont .
 For an explanation as to why Blaze Bayley destroyed Iron Maiden , read my review of the X-FACTOR . Now that that 's out of the way , there are only two redeeming elements in this recording - ` Clansman ' and ` Futureal ' . These are both well written Iron Maiden songs that sound fantastic when Bruce sings them at concerts and on live albums , but you will not enjoy the songs nearly as much on this piece of junk that they tried to pass off as a Maiden album . Do n't waste your money . Please .
 Easily the worst album Maiden ever released . Futureal is a good opener but there is nothing good about this album whatsoever . The production is thin , the guitars are synthlike , the instrumentation is basic and passionless , and every song repeats itself more than it should.Blaze 's vocals are very lacking and it seems as if every song were written for someone with more range -LRB- I.E-Bruce -RRB- . The album is overall an uninspired parody of Maiden , especially with the redundant choruses that make certain songs more `` epic . `` However , if you see a used copy , pick it up for a laugh . Try to count the number of times Blaze sings `` Do n't you think ... '' and `` Do n't Look To '' for a good time .
 As the first chords of Futureal roar out of your speakers , you could get the impression that you were in for a good ride.But things fall apart fast , already in the dreadful second track , The Angel and The Gambler . The song is nine minutes long , and five minutes of it features Blaze singing `` Do n't you think I 'm a saviour ... '' . Yes , that 's it!THis is the album when Maiden reached the bottom of the barrel , and were forced to hire Dickinson and Smith back to the folder.Everything here sounds forced . Almost all the songs have `` ooohh , oooh , ooohhh '' parts . The chorus are endlessly repeated and , instead of we having good songs in the five-minutes frame , we have unecessary tour-of-boredom songs of six to seven minutes -LRB- very different from Hallowed Be Thy Name or Rime Of The Ancienet Mariner , where every second was great !! . The Clasnman , The Angel and The Gambler and Do n't Look To The Eyes of a Stranger use the same technique of repeating a chorus by beggining it slowly and going into a crescendo . Amazing copy of themselves !! As for the guitar solos , none of them are memorable , mainly that played by Janick Gers . As for Blaze vocals , they are even worse than in THE X-FACTOR , altough he proved that he was not to blame for it -LRB- the production was -RRB- , in his solo work SILICON MESSIAH.BUy this album -LRB- used -RRB- only if you 're a Maiden completist .
 Every bands has it 's highs and lows . And this was the lowest point of their career . I know because when Maiden came supporting this album , they could only play clubs and bars . That 's how bad it got . It 's also pretty obvious that at the time , they were more interested in Soccer than making music . I really thought this was the end of the line for Maiden . But thank the maker , they reunited with Bruce and Adrian and set Maiden back to where it belongs . As far as this album goes , there 's only one bright spot
 `` Futureal '' and `` The Clansman '' are the only 2 songs worth anything on this dreadful CD , and only when performed live with Bruce Dickinson on vocals . The only debate that should exist is over which album sucks harder ... this or X-factor .
 A fairly good album with just a little non finished flavour in it
 Ok , it 's Maiden . It has the epic songs , the strong rhythm , the powerful vocals.But it has no life , bad solos by Janick Gers , bad songcraft by Steve Harris and his pals . So , a change was needed and here they come with Brave New World , in 2000 . Smart move .
 I 'm sorry . I love Iron Maiden like the next metalhead , but this album blows . Blaze Bayley IS a good singer , but he just does n't suite the band . However , I ca n't say it 's TOTAL crap , I liked some songs ... 1 . Futureal - 5/5 The best song on the album . The riff is great , and so are the solos .4 . The Clansman - 5/5 At almost ten minutes long , the longest song on the album . I prefer `` Sign of the Cross '' to this , but it 's not a bad song at all.There you go . Only two good songs . ONLY and I mean _ ONLY _ buy this album if you are ... - A completist , like me . - A die-hard IM fan that must have EVERYTHING!Oh well , at least it 's better than St. Anger ...
 The fact that the members of Iron Maiden had the balls to continue their pathetic career after Bruce Dickinson left was bad enough , but when they continued on even after that , Jesus , what does it take to get these guys to stop from further embarassing themselves , a thermonuclear device ? X Factor was crap extraordinaire and Virtual XI is beyond that . I 'd rather chew broken glass than have to listen to Blaze Bayley . Steve Harris has lost his mind . Iron Maiden should have been put to sleep long before this . I 've coughed up better things than this.Pathetic.Deal with it !
 Here 's the truth about this album , it is not good . I do n't hate Blaze , I stay away from that bandwagon . X-Factor was a pretty enjoyable album , and the music was dark for Maiden , fitting Blazes voice . Blaze , despite being a mediocre singer , sounded pretty good on that album . On here , musically , they tried to regress to their old sound which leaves Blaze 's vocals sounding so out of place . At this point in the Iron Maiden career , we are also cursed to songs with 6 minutes of chorus . `` The Angel and the Gambler '' is the most annoying Maiden song ever . Imagine `` Heaven Can Wait '' , but make the chorus EVEN longer , and repeat it EVEN more times , and then on top of it make the song bad . Perhaps a light in the dark for my fellow Maiden fans ? Clansman is awesome . I hate to be such a downer on such a classic band , but this is how I see it .
 First off , repeat after me
 First let me say I am an enormous Maiden fan and have been for 20 years . I understand replacing Bruce Dickinson as a frontman is no easy task , but Blaze Bayley is mediocre at best and always seemed a strange pick . Still , he is not completely to blame for how awful this album is , although in no instance does he help the cause . Although Futureal is n't completely horrible , it is n't great , and the album goes downhill -LRB- more like crashes -RRB- quickly from there . The Angel and Gambler is questionably tolerable and the chorus slightly catchy - that is not until you 've heard it a zillion times by the end of the tune -LRB- and therefore never want to hear it again -RRB- . Yes , Maiden are known for having lengthy songs , but this is no epic . The Educated Fool has one of the weakest choruses I 've ever heard . The Clansman has some decent parts , but overall an awkward arrangement , a pathetic chorus -LRB- that even Dickinson ca n't save when singing this one live -RRB- , and Blaze 's low vocals in the beginning are embarrassing . There is absolutely nothing memorable on this album . I remember buying this on cassette the day it came out , listening to it , and knowing it was over for me and Maiden . Luckily I was wrong and they are bouncing back strong today . This album is a painful reminder of what Maiden became , but luckily only for a short time -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- , and even listening to it today I cringe .
 At first listening , one would think that this album put Maiden back in its tracks . Trying to survive with such band members as new singer Blaze Bayley and guitarrist Janick Gers , this is the second album featuring this line-up . And , guess what ? It is worser than THE X FACTOR ... Blaze is singing horribly here -LRB- that 's a mistery . He can sing greatly , the way he proved in his solo debut , SILICON MESSIAH -RRB- . Also , the compositions do n't help . THis album has the worse Maiden song ever , `` The Angel And The Gambler '' . It has almost ten minutes , six of them featuring Blaze repeating the same chorus over and over !!!! Amazing ! The others songs fall flat on their faces , greatly damaged by Steve Harris ' lack of production skills.This is not recommended at all . It 's Maiden at his most juvenile and uninspired performance , with chorus repeated infinitely with the sole purpose of increasing the song lenght . Annoying .
 La musica de Victor Manuelle es floja y no se puede clasificar como Salsa . En realidad es un sonsonete recyclado en cada disco . Como Boricua e instructor de baile de salsa puedo decir que las personas se frustran tratando de bailar salsa con la musica de Victor Manuelle . Les digo que si quieren escuchar y bailar buena Salsa escogan la musica de la Sonora Poncena , Willie Rosario y El Gran Combo entre otros ... Eso si es musica de verdad y Salsa Boricua ...
 I bought this album by mistake - I was looking for a song and thought it was on here . My , was I surprised - and NOT in a good way . Off-key singing , poor song selection - this album is a doozy !
 I do not know what happened to this album . This is not grindcore at all . I wish this was like scum , from enslavement or even like harmony corruption . This album is to slow but heavy but does not cut it at all .
 This is thee single worst ND album ever !!! After ` Diatribes ' n ` Inside the torn apart ' I thought ND would make another classic album but instead they gave into the pressure of their peers and decided to make an incoherent album that neither challenges the listener or even has a remotely memorable riff . I never thought I would have to wear a bag over my head after listening to an ND album but wow a bag would not have been enough and from the looks of it the two albums after it have been just as boring as this cup holder disguised as a music CD.TRASH CAN IT !!!
 Mostly this is noise . It is powerful and crazy and good metal , but lacking lyrically . Napalm Death have the potential , which is why I give them an extra star . But they should improve their lyrical sound . I would like to interpet what the singer is saying . I do n't mean to offend Napalm fans , but I do n't prefer bands were the singing is reduced to roaring and mumbling . As for metal , I 'll stick with MetallicA and Slayer hoping one day Napalm Death will improve their lyrics . They are musically heavy and good though . Thanx .
 I purchased this CD for my father a week or so ago . I was soooo excited to find Ralph Stanley Christmas music on CD that I had to give it to him before Christmas . I wanted to save him the trouble of dragging the record player upstairs and playing his old scratched 33 's . I did n't notice until I so proudly gave it to him that only 2 or 3 of the songs on this CD are by Ralph Stanley . BOOOOOOOO !!!! Do n't pay your $ 16.00 unless your looking for a Bluegrass compilation CD .
 Do n't do it ... my heart goes out to From Bubblegum to Sky for trying to put this together ... but it 's just bad all around ... stick with Built to spill . . or ... The Sleepy Jackson
 How can I review a product which has not arrived , although I ordered it in November ?
 `` hey i know a couple of chords , can i be in your band ? `` this is the most simplistic , unimaginative and boring album i 've heard in a while . do n't get me wrong , the production is good and so is the mixing , but the average length of the songs are just over 3 minutes . now if we were talking about ultra-fast black metal , then that time length might be acceptable , but this music is so simple and unforceful and slow , then it better be really catchy and about 2 minutes longer ... otherwise , STOP WASTING MY TIME !! i 'm sorry but this album -LRB- is -RRB- bad . there is nothing impressive about this album at all so do n't even waste your money on it , trust me .
 Folks , I cant stress this enough ... and that is that their is simply an overabundance of Metallica rip off bands in this little world today . And why exactly is this happening ? Simply because as soon as Metallica debuted with `` Kill 'Em All '' , metal was never the same . Metal heads like myself witnessed the coming and going of Metallica wannabes , but no one could capture their signature sound . After `` And Justice for All '' , once again metal was never the same . Metallica , to put it frankly , sucked a $ $ after the 80s , but thats no reason to discount their valiant effort on `` The Black Album '' . Now a days , every metal band that comes out tries desperately to become Metallica , but fails , and fails so miserably . At the Gates is another band that fuses the speed of 80s Metallica and melodic song structure of Korn . Now dont get me wrong , this combination sounds astounding on paper , but in reality , the coming together of two signature metal sounds is absolutely atrocious . If you 're a fan of melody , check out Korn . If you 're a fan of speed , then I 'd reccomend you check out Metallica -LRB- 80s of course -RRB- . Hell , even St. Anger sounds better than this asonine crap . Peace Out-Franky
 After they peaked with `` Terminal Spirit Disease '' , ATG decided to strip down their sound . This is their most popular release because it is their most melodic and accessible . Gone are the progressive compositions and what is left are recycled riffs put into a quasi-thrash metal form . It sort of sucks that their last album sounds like a rushed attempt to get more fans and , in the process , sacrificing their originality .
 This is a ripoff . Progressive death metal band At the Gates replaced the creativity at the core of their music with predictable rock n roll harmony , stitched it into speed metal and shoved it back into the remains of their sound . Their instrumentalism is so good most people wo n't notice , but this album is boring and a complete sellout not worth the plastic it is minted on . Unless you like to drum your intelligence out your ears with sonic conformity , avoid this sham . Bleh .
 When first issued on BBC vinyl , this recording was a real discovery for all true Delians . Its subsequent issue on BBC CD and Arabesque -LRB- in the United States -RRB- presents a real serious problem for any purchaser wishing to replace their -LRB- most likely -RRB- noisy vinyl pressing . The analogue to digital remastering provided by BBC 's Sylvia Cartner has removed all the treble from the original recording . No adjustment of the controls enables one to restore the missing highs . This is the same remastering that has been picked up by Arabesque , and the sound is like gooey , muffled sludge.I am not as bothered as is the reviewer above regarding natural sounds that have been incorporated into the recording . I can , however , conceive of a superior performance to the present one . It is , at least for now , the only choice we have for this beautiful opera . Since it is currently deleted , perhaps some enterprising company would be willing to return to the original BBC Vinyl and do a proper job of remastering . It would certainly take care of some of the imbalances and dullness of Cartner 's botch job . My recommendation ? Find a copy of the BBC Vinyl , but do not waste your money on paying a premium for some of the worst remastering of the century .
 These quintets are among the most sublime creations that I know of . Nothing of that beauty is captured , however , in these recordings . The sound and performances are cold , harsh , mechanical , and rushed - exactly the opposite of what these pieces require.I would reccommend the exquisite recordings by the Grumiaux ensemble and that of the Talich Quartet.But , it would almost be worth the price of this album to also buy this one so that you could truly appreciate what Grumiaux and Talich have to offer .
 When this was released in 93 , There were already 3 live Maiden albums . Saying that , There really was no need for this concert to be released -LSB- A real live one and A real dead one were released very shortly before this one ! -RSB- . Bruce Dickinson was on his way out of the band when this concert took place which can probably explain why he sounds so laughably bad at times on this cd . As always , The band plays its music well , But , No matter how good the music sounds on this cd , It 's almost always marred by Dickinson 's surprisingly weak vocals . A few songs -LSB- '' The number of the beast '' , '' Bring your daughter to the slaughter '' , and '' Be quick or be dead '' -RSB- work out pretty decent , But to put it clearly , Bruce Dickinson ruined this concert with what is arguably his worst performance ever recorded . This cd is much too overpriced and is not even worth the $ 20 - $ 25 it takes to get this cd . If you wan na hear Maiden live , Buy live after death instead .
 I was very disappointed in the selections included in this compilation cd . There is n't one track that I want to listen to again . I regret buying this .
 As a fan of Bernie Worrell 's work with P-Funk , Bill Laswell projects and Talking Heads , I was interested in this Bernie Worrell solo project . Lots of the folks you 'd expect participated
 What a soggy disappointment . I 've given this one several spins , but I dislike almost everything about it except for Janet Baker -LRB- of course -RRB- . And yet British critics -LRB- and even The New Yorker 's brilliant Alex Ross -RRB- consider it a/the top choice . Rattle 's mannered tempos -LRB- particularly in the outer movements -RRB- are both sluggish and finicky , as though the orchestra could n't negotiate the score unless it was laboriously slowed down for them . The strings have no snarl , no bite -- and neither does anything else , as the whole thing is smothered over-reverberant sound . Did somebody smear thick layers of Vaseline over the microphones ? I will put this one away -- or sell it . One 's taste in Mahler interpretations is usually pretty strong , and this is anti-Mahler to my ears . I 'm passionate about Klemperer -LRB- Philharmonia -RRB- , Tennstedt -LRB- especially the 1989 `` live '' recording -RRB- , Solti -LRB- LSO -RRB- , Walter -LRB- NY Phil -RRB- and Bernstein 's first NY Phil recording -LRB- all of these have EXCELLENT sound -- even the older ones that have been remastered -- that make the Rattle sound even mushier by comparison -RRB- .
 I 'm at a loss to explain the accolades this set has gotten both here and across the pond . Could it be American listeners ' deference to the mighty shapers of critical consensus in the Mother Country -LRB- whose motto may well be , `` If It 's By An English Musician , It 's Definitive '' -RRB- ? Rattle 's grasp of structure here is nearly non-existent as he focuses on incidental detail . -LRB- I would say the same about his more recent live recording of the Mahler Ninth . -RRB- Sometimes his ear for balance is almost amateurish , and whatever sense of spectacle this performance conveys is probably due to the activist stance taken by the recording engineers ; the performance itself is rather small in scale , hardly earth-shaking . The orchestra 's playing is ragged and reined-in . And in the opening movement , that unmarked slowing down before speeding up the double basses -- which other conductors have unfortunately imitated -- is Rattle 's worst bad idea . Klemperer -LRB- either of his EMI recordings -RRB- , Mehta on Decca Legends , Gilbert Kaplan , the idiosyncratic Herman Scherchen , the 90-ish Leopold Stokowski on RCA , Rattle 's now-deceased label-mate Klaus Tennstedt -- any of these serve the `` Resurrection '' Symphony far better .
 Geez ! I thought Christian Thielemann was the most obnoxious `` podium legend '' before the public these days , but Rattle has him beat . Nonsenical tempo changes , arbitrary and ineffective agogic accents , poor orchestra playing , engineering that filters out every high frequency over 10000 hz . - - this one has it all . A great party record for those of us steeped in the orthodox Mahler tradition.The only operative concept here is `` I am Sir Simon , and this is _ my _ Resurrection Symphony.Find another line of work , you arrogant dork !
 Ledisi is less than average ... there , it had to be said ! if hating on this album is wrong , then i ` ma be wrong . being a good poet does n't always equate to being a good recording artist . she is definitely different than anything else being offered out there now , and i 'll always give an artist props for originality , but i 'm just jaded and expect more for my money . this just does n't move me , sorry .
 My friend David told me to check out this album for some tr00 guitar playing . I found the tape in a junkshop for 50 cents so I bought it without hesitation . Wow , was this bad or what ! Total disappointment . The guitar playing was just the same boring shredding and overly-long solos again and again for an hour . Weak . Check out `` St. Anger '' , `` All The Right Reasons '' , `` Metal Machine Music '' or `` American Idiot '' for some facemelting solos from true fretboard masters !
 I just bought the Ozzie Osbourne/Randy Rhoades CD and what a deliberate rip-off . Naturally I was expecting `` Crazy Train '' and `` Flying High Again '' studio version . But no ! Instead they pass off this poorly recorded live stuff as a `` Tribute '' to Randy Rhoades ! And they ca n't say it was n't deliberate either . Nowhere on the cover does the work `` Live '' appear , nor are the times for the songs listed . I mean that way the customer might notice that where the time for the original was say 4:31 and the time on this CD was 7:02 , and realize something was fishy . I did notice the words `` Reissue '' and `` Remastering from original masters . '' So to say this was not a deliberate attempt to deceive the buyer is , I feel , being disingenuous .
 Back in its early days , Putumayo claimed to have the `` Best of World Music . '' They did n't have much competition ; there was Peter Gabriel 's Real World label , Narada , Celestial Harmonies , and not much else.Harmonia Mundi had n't started its World Village label , Six Degrees Records was n't promoting world techno , nor was Starbucks , along with its special label Hear Music , purveying `` worldbeat '' along with expensive coffees . `` Best of World Music : Instrumental '' is an okay collection.Thankfully , Putumayo started out alright & progressed ; from there.This album is a flawed masterpiece in its own way.Strunz & Farah ; provide an Arabic-styled track.Acoustic Alchemy goes for a more salsa sound.Ali Akbar Khan shows his Indian classical music skills.Loreena McKennit 's Celtic New Age music is haunting.The Balafon Marimba Ensemble provides a fun piece.Alison Brown 's banjo is rousing.Ottmar Liebert provides his nuevo flamenco.However , the album has an overall easy listening to the point of sleeping ambience.If you 're into instrumental music , go for Putumayo 's `` Music from the Wine Lands '' -LRB- which does have another banjo piece from Alison Brown -RRB- , `` Music from the Tea Lands '' , `` Sahara Lounge '' & `` Asian Lounge '' instead.This album `` Best of World Music : Instrumental '' is mediocre music ; there 's more variety now .
 Even though I am in love with this CD , I do n't really understand why you 'd buy it . The same CD was rereleased by EMI Classics but with an additional 3 tracks - Hindemith 's Konzertmusik for Brass and Strings . Also , that CD is cheaper , so I would recommend taking that route .
 Although I love Jess Thomas dearly , I can not recommend this recording , for two reasons
 This product is produced outside the USA and therefore we can not prosecute . But it is definitely an illegal bootleg -LRB- turns out a house technician at this club SOLD secretly recorded tapes to an international buyer of many performers at this club ... so it is n't just Asleep at the Wheel -RRB- . Regardless , Asleep at the Wheel management strongly urges you not to purchase this product , we can give no assurances of the quality of the audio or video , and it is clearly pirated material .
 This compilation is hardly the `` Best of World Music . '' Then again , when Putumayo first appeared on the scene in 1993 , it was one of the few world music labels around , other than Peter Gabriel 's Real World , Narada , and Celestial Harmonies , as well as David Byrne 's Luaka Bop.The `` Best of World Volume 1 : World Vocal '' has its highlights , though they are few.It opens with the rousing , spirited `` Ojala que llueva cafe '' by Juan Luis Guerra y 440 . There is the classic , ORIGINAL `` Pata Pata '' from the South African diva Miriam Makeba.The multiracial South African group , Johnny Clegg and Juluka , has the powerful `` Walima ` Mbele . '' Kotoja , a Nigerian jazz/rock band from the Bay Area , has the wonderful `` Semi Jeje . '' There is also the joyous Creole `` Chanson de Mardi Gras . `` While this compilation is not among Putumayo 's best , it was a somewhat auspicious beginning.They were only starting .
 Not their best by any means . As far as I am concerned the only record these guys made that matters is SotS . Of course the fanboys and tweenies are going to disagree because everything these guys did is a masterpiece but if you are not really into this stuff you might as well sample Slaughter and move on . The production on this is laughable and the vocals are pretty bad and sound more like something out of CCorpse . Way different than the next three records . That is one thing I can not pin down here . He changes his vocal style on every record and the 4th is the only one where he is even remotely acceptable to me . I understand budget gets in the way though . Guitars are just not really even in the mix at times and the drumming is just a bunch of bumps . Compared to something like Nile or Meshuggah this stuff sounds pedestrian on the popular DM front . Not saying it is the worst or criticizing the bands ideals this is just another in a long line of weakly produced samey sounding records .
 Though the King 's Singers consistently show that they maintain as consistent an a cappella sounda as any group in the world , and though their sound remains distinctive , this CD , with its orchestral accompaniaments and campy arrangements , fails to appropriately show off their range of talent . With the exception of `` I 'm a Train , '' by now an a cappella standby -LRB- and performed a cappella here -RRB- , the CD is somewhat of a disappointment , especially to close fans .
 ! Qu&eacute; horror ! . Haganm&eacute; caso , cualquier aficionado al jazz que se mantenga alejado de discos como &eacute;ste . Antes de nada quiero dejar claro que yo no soy un purista , me gusta todo tipo de m&uacute;sica , jazz , cl&aacute;sica e , incluso , algo de rock . Pero discos como &eacute;ste no pueden ser definidos como `` fusi&oacute;n '' sino como `` horterada '' . `` Beat 70 '' no desentonar&iacute;a nada en cualquier disco de Juan Luis Guerra , `` Dream Of The Return '' podr&iacute;a pasar por la nueva balada de Luis Miguel , 45/8 podr&iacute;a servir de entrada a un corrido de Bert&iacute;n Osborne . No quiero pasarme de cr&iacute;tico ya que respeto todo tipo de gustos musicales y el buen hacer profesional de Mr. Metheny , pero dejando claro que este tipo de discos -LRB- en general le pasa a buena parte de la discograf&iacute;a de este guitarrista -RRB- solo es adecuada para gente que se mueve en par&aacute;metros m&uacute;sicales cercanos al AOR y , en general , a m&uacute;sica sin demasiadas pretensiones . En fin , de todo tiene que haber .
 I 'm sorry , but this is elevator muzak pure and simple . I bought ` Letter From Home ' in 1989 aged 16 and it sounded dated even then . I 'm absolutely horrified that some reviewers imagine this to be a jazz album . It is n't . It 's bland , facile rubbish . Buy John Abercrombie 's ` November ' and find out what a real six-stringer can do in the name of jazz .
 I cant believe that this is the same guy that bashed Kenny G . If the guy would ever go to a Kenny G concert and listen and see for himself , he might learn how to write and play music . The so called music That I heard on his album all sounds the same ... no were near what he calls Jazz . . And by the way Kenny G does n't claim to be just in the Jazz category . He 's more smooth jazz . . not Classic ... as is Dave Koz , Warren hill , Paul Taylot , Marion Meadows ... and the list goes on . I would definatley not buy this album !
 By this time in the PM 's career , it was time to move beyond the whole brazilian influence that was featured on this as well as the 2 preceding PMG records -LRB- both far superior IMO -RRB- , First Circle and Still Life -LRB- Talking -RRB- . `` Beat 70 '' and `` Every Summer Night '' rank among the `` cheesiest '' things Pat has ever done . `` Have You Heard '' is becoming a classic PMG tune , and `` Are We There Yet ? '' is Lyle Mays at his finest , but the rest of the disc is pretty weak . `` Beat 70 '' and `` Every Summer Night '' rank among the `` cheesiest '' things Pat has ever done . This is n't a bad CD , but I would only recommend it for the Pat Metheny/PMG completist .
 This album has nothing to do with what made Solomon Burke 's records -LRB- or any soul music records -RRB- great . He 's singing under his range and with none of the gospel fire that earned him his crown as the `` King Of Rock & Soul . '' The songs are ponderous , the lyrics overwritten and he clearly has no personal investment in the stories he 's telling , which is key to any great soul performance . While Tom Waits , Elvis Costello , Bob Dylan , etc. , are all great songwriters , their attempts at writing soul music here are contrived and cliched -LRB- for fun , count the train metaphors ! -RRB- . Only the title song is worthwhile , and no wonder ... it was written by Dan Penn who wrote some of the best soul tunes of the '60s . The band is a typical attempt by studio perfectionists to sound `` rootsy '' but just ends up being dull and they certainly have nothing to do with the kind of band that pushes an artist like Burke . They miss the country influnce , the slicing guitars and popping electic bass . Most importantly , how could anyone even think of making a Solomon Burke record without his trademark horns ??? If you want to know what Burke is capable of , forget this and pick up the incredible `` Soul Alive '' set , a live album dripping with country , soul , gospel and set on fire by Burke 's unmatchable power . The Very Best Of collection covering his Atlantic era would do you a world of good also.However , if you want to witness a supreme mismatch of singer , songwriter and producer , `` Do n't Give Up On Me '' is for you .
 I really wanted to like this CD , but I found it to be nearly unplayable . Burke 's vocals are fine - but the production ! I do n't know how it got out of the studio with that mix - it 's muddy and the background singers and band sound as veiled and muted as though I were hearing them through a closed door . The first time I played it I felt the disc had to be defectve - I cleaned and replayed it all the way through and came to the conclusion it was just a lousy production . I did n't play it for another 6 to 8 weeks thinking for some reason I would `` come around '' but , alas , I ended up trading it in on another CD at a local retailer . Too bad !
 No album by the MJQ is bad , and even their lesser ones have their good moments . This is one of the latter.Other reviewers have commented on the roles of Lewis and Jackson and jazz vs/plus Bach . Therefore , I 'll limit my comments to what I feel is the album 's biggest shortcoming - and that is the playing of percussionist Connie Kay on cuts 3 , 5 and 9 . In these he contributes a high-pitched , insistent accompaniment of bells - mostly of the sleigh bell type . This ceaseless jinglejinglejinglejinglejinglejingle completely overwhelms two of the cuts with its unrelenting , unmodulated insistence , and a similar technique pretty well scuttles another as well.I like Jackson 's playing very much and ditto for the MJQ , but I would say this album is for die-hard fans only.In fact I found the cuts indicated so annoying every time they played that I finally re-recorded the album onto a CDR disc leaving them out , and combined it with cuts from their `` No Sun in Venice , '' from which I excised two similarly grating cuts where Kay overdoes his bell and triangle routine .
 Sorry to say this , but if you 're a fan of Vassar Clements from his playing with Old and In the Way , or the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band , or his own jazzy/swing excursions , you may not like this too much.Vassar plays over a very cheesy country backup band , with steel guitar , electric bass and drums . I personally was not able to listen to more than a few tunes , and I am a big Vassar fan.Buyer beware ...
 I have not listened to this CD and I think Pearlman is great but no one can match Heifetz ' playing of course . I suggest that any violinist who wants to pay tribute to Heifetz select their favorite Heifetz recordings and COMMENT on them.I am sure Pearlman brings his own substantial technical and musical talents to these selections but a TRIBUTE really imlpies a comparison . That ` sa NO NO Itzhak !!!!
 Why ? 1 . It 's called # 1 's , and only has 4 # 1 Hot 100 singles ; and 1 track that got to # 1 on the R&B ; chart but not the hot 100 ... . so that 's 5 # 1 's on a CD with 16 tracks . Hmmmmm .2 . It 's missing : No , No , No Pt . 1With Me Pt .1 Get On The Buswhich I would 've thought would be essential inclusions on a Destiny 's Child compilation ... 3 . Of the 3 `` new '' tracks ; 1 is a reject from `` Destiny Fulfilled '' -LRB- `` Feel The Same Way I Do '' -RRB- ; another is a Beyonce solo track ... -LRB- now obviously Beyonce is the only member of Destiny 's Child who actually has any -LRB- negligible -RRB- talent ; but what is a solo song doing on here ? If they were going to include a Beyonce solo song they at least couldv ' e included `` Crazy In Love '' , which is better than every single song on here , and unlike most of the songs on here , actually DID get to # 1 ... -RRB- 4 . There are no rare collaborations or soundtrack songs included -LRB- like `` No More Rainy Days '' from `` The PJ 's '' ; `` Perfect Man '' from `` Romeo Must Die '' -RRB- ; and only one song is included from their first album -LRB- which seems to me like a deliberate attempt by Destiny 's Child & Matthew Knowles to spite the other two girls originally in the group -RRB- 5 . Most of the album is filler anyway ; with non-hits like `` Bug A Boo '' and `` Girl '' ; and awful songs that should n't have been hits like `` Cater 2 U '' , `` Soldier '' and `` Survivor `` The only reason I 'm not giving this 1 star is because Destiny 's Child DID have a couple of OK songs over the years ; and it makes more sense to buy this one lame `` hits '' album than buying all the even lamer individual albums . -LRB- Altough their good songs are/were so overplayed you 're probably sick of hearing them anyway ; but ... -RRB-
 I bought this CD thinking it would relax me after a long hard day at work , all it has managed to do is increase my blood pressure . Elza 's voice is way out of tone and disturbing at times . Maybe she should take some voice lessons before attempting to record a CD ... . the reason two stars were given is that the music is OK until Elza opens her mouth ... . save your money ... . Yanni 's music is much more relaxing and you get your money 's worth .
 this cd , as well as this band is not the `` return '' of rock , which unless you could n't pull yourself away from radio mainstream garbage , never went away . i actually will give them the one star for effort though , they 've definately studied their schtick , but it all comes down to feeling and these guys are about as bland as it gets in the `` new rock '' genre . if you really want to get down with garage music with soul , here 's what i 'd recommend : the dirtbombs - ultraglide in black -LRB- in the red -RRB- the real pills - nine long years -LRB- mortville -RRB- thee headcoats - headcoats down -LRB- damaged goods -RRB- calypso king and the soul investigators - soul strike -LRB- soul fire -RRB- the embrooks - our new day -LRB- voxx -RRB- rock on young soldiers .
 This is New York garage rock with a big man 's voice heading up the band . The songs are n't as catchy as the bands contemporaries but they doo seem to be as loud . This one 's only for the folks who really like the scene .
 One of the benefactors of the New Hype is this NYC quartet . On their second release , Electric Sweat , The Mooney Suzuki stomp on the shoulders of rock giants . MC5 , Rolling Stones , The Who , The Kinks - all are in attendance in these ten cuts of varying power and effectiveness . I like their energy and enthusiasm , especially on the mewling title track , but recoil from Sammy James Jr. 's sub-Hendrix echo-chamber of a voice . They 're derivative
 After hearing all the hype about this band and this album I was foolish enough to buy it . I must admit that a couple of friends who live in NY tried to warn me - sorry guys , I will never again doubt you . This record is such flaccid attempt at trying to sound like the MC5 that about half way through the album I found myself feeling embarassed for The Mooney Suzuki . There are no catchy songs , the singer 's not very good , some excessive guitar noodlinjg that 's the opposite of tasteful , and , I will repeat , the MC5 rips could n't be more blatant . When I think of all the cool garage/punk bands of the last 15 years who went completely unnoticed while doing a 100 % better job of mining the influences of the MC5-Stooges-60s garage and these clowns are getting hype and attention for this garbage it makes me sick .
 Dudes . What ? Are you kidding me ? This is so bad it 's almost funny . As a comedy album it is somewhat funny . So bad . It 's fake rock . and to take their name from one of the greatest bands in the world . Worst ever . I 'm laughing right now . What is it people see in these guys ? I do n't know . The Deep Purple of the 2000 ; s = Worst ever .
 I fell into the same trap you did . I heard about this band from everyone under the sun . Bought the album . Got rid of it the same day . Of all the New York bands going now , the two best are BONA ROBA and YEAH YEAH YEAHS hands down . But the cool part about Bona Roba is that no one knows them yet . mooney is boring rock with an overblown reputation .
 this is all hype . save your cash . listen to bona roba instead .
 someday these 40 year old men will realize that their time has come and gone . LAME LAME LAME LAME LAME . -LRB- i like the strokes and the white stripes . i 'm not some stupid pop-punker who does n't `` get it . '' i just think these guys are terrible .
 The only Threshold albums I 've heard are this release and `` Hypothetical '' . The latter is a much better record . There is no question these musicians have talent but some issues bother me . The distorted rhythm guitar has a grating tone that is irritating at times , the vocalist 's timbre is an acquired taste , and most of the songs have the same tempo . `` Freaks '' is a great hard rock tune . `` Angels '' is average . The instrumental part of `` The Latent Gene '' is superb but the tune sinks when the chorus is played . `` Lovelorn '' is average . `` Change '' , a very commercial tune , is filler . `` Life 's Too Good '' has a ghastly sounding chorus that slows the tempo to a crawl . `` Goodbye Mother Earth '' has some interesting instrumental sections but the bulk is just okay . `` Voyager II '' is the longest song on the disc and showcases great keyboard and guitar work but the last couple minutes are weak . `` Sunrise On Mars '' is a good pop-ballad . There are moments on this disc where the band is smoking but then the fire burns out and the song starts sinking . As a whole , this disc is not that great .
 Some people approach this music emotionally and that 's fine . I am in the other camp where I listen to it architecturally , i.e. the line , the phrasing , the implied counterpoint , & c. , and let the emotions sink in later . In this sense this recording is not successful . You can not doubt Perlman 's technique and tone , but his very free take on phrasing and rhythm means the implied counterpoint is distorted and weakened , and the musical structure is obscured . Perlman 's uniformly sweet and rich tone also means he does not distinguish among the independent voices of the implied counterpoint , and instead runs them together . The vibrato which he uses throughout also softens the musical phrasing as the articulations can not be as sharp . The performances sounds very much like how the cadenzas of 19th century violin concertos are played , which does not happen to jive with my ideas of Bach .
 A good performance but nothing to get excited about ... really mediocre recording -- sounds as though it was either recorded in a large hallway or with a lot of added reverb ... particularly annoying is Perlman 's bow noise -- almost every stroke starts with an annoying `` crunch '' ... better recording and performance from Szeyng .
 If you want to listen to vibrato that sounds like a tortured cat , get this . If you are actually interested in listening to Bach and want to hear an `` authentic '' recording , get a version that 's played on a baroque violin by a baroque violinist .
 Why does DM keep releasing the same songs over and over again ? :-LRB- No more ` classics ' , please !
 There is a disturbing trend with some of the great old rock and roll acts of the 70 's and 80 's - sack the original force behind the music and the lesser members carry on with the band 's name and attention . The most egregious example is the totally faux Little River Band where not one member of the band that owns the name wrote , sang or even played on the orignal recordings that gave the band their reputation . This has happened to Journey -LRB- Steve Perry -RRB- , Styx -LRB- Dennis DeYoung -RRB- , and Ambrosia among others.Without question , the principal songwriter and lead vocalist on all of their charted hits was David Pack . OK , Joe Puerta co-wrote `` Holdin ' On To Yesterday '' and he sings co-lead vocals with Pack , but `` How Much I Feel '' , `` The Biggest Part of Me '' , and `` You 're The Only Woman '' were the very biggest hits and written and sung by Pack.To be fair , Joe Puerta has a good voice and Drummond and North are good musicians , afterall they did play on the original recordings , but it is dishonest of them to re-record even if it is live , songs that belong to David Pack . This would be like Creedence Clearwarter Revival replacing John Fogerty and making re-recording of their hits -- oh wait , they did do that as Creedence Clearwater Review , did n't they ? At least the last bit of the name was changed . Perhaps instead of Ambrosia -LRB- Food of the Gods -RRB- , they could be Aphasia because to my ears they have lost the ability to communicate effectively without David Pack .
 2.5 stars - I 've been an Ambrosia fan since the 70 's and agree with other reviewers that this release falls short without Pack . Musicianship and sound quality are good but I prefer listening to the originals . I 'm sorry to say that this one probably wo n't get much play in the future.That being said , if this lineup came to town I would consider seeing them . It would be a fine live show , IMO.Instead of purchasing `` Live at the Galaxy Theatre '' I 'd recommend you complete your Ambrosia collection and/or get Pack 's `` The Secret of Movin ' On '' and `` Unborn '' .
 If you like your live CD 's to live up to the studio version then this CD will both satisfy and frustrate . The band is very tight , the players all very professional but and this is a big but , without original guitarist and principal songwriter David Pack -LRB- a unique and irreplaceable vocalist -RRB- this is largely an unsatisfying disc .
 The sound production is very thin . While listening to `` holdin ' on to yesterday '' A tune that was so well written and emotionally powerful in its studio version , I couldnt figure out why the band thought a harmonica would enhance the number.Moreover , David Pack isnt there . There is no reason to make a live cd if the original members arent participating . If you are willing to buy an obviously low budget , poorly produced , `` pack `` less Ambrosia then you are the sucker they are looking for
 Even though the musicianship is tight and well played this album lacks any real flavor or enthusiasm . I 've been an Ambrosia fan since their first album and have been waiting for a live set since then but `` Live at the Galaxy '' sounds like they are merely trying to squeeze out a couple of bucks off of their name .
 Jerry
 Buyer beware . David Pack is NOWEHERE to be found on this CD . In my personal opinion , David Pack WAS Ambrosia . While Joe Puerta 's vocals sound fine , it might as well be Tony Bennett singing `` Holdin ' on '' . That song , `` Biggest part '' , `` You 're the only woman '' , cry out for his distinctive voice . When did he divorce himself from the group ? It 's like the Beatles without John Lennon . If accuracy is not important , you 'll love the CD . If you 're looking for the sound of classic Ambrosia , you 'd better stick with the Anthology album , or one of their others . My 2 cents .
 The project was doomed from the start.Uriah Heep was dumped by its record label after poor sales from Head First , so 1985 marked a new beginning with a new record deal and the release on March 29 of this 16th studio album . But the return of bassist Trevor Bolder - with Peter Goalby -LRB- v -RRB- , Mick Box -LRB- g -RRB- , John Sinclair -LRB- k -RRB- and Lee Kerslake -LRB- d -RRB- - did nothing to bolster the 10 tracks that clock in at 46:54 . The stab at an AOR style in the arena of Def Leppard and Journey just does n't work well . There is no heart and soul in the biggest attempt at angling for the single 's chart - Rockarama - while Bad Blood , Poor Little Rich Girl and Skools Burnin ' each run out of gas before the key slides into the ignition . The best out if the mediocre bunch - Night of the Wolf - is the final cut.Whether or not the band was calling the shots - I tend to think its the latter due to the new contract - this is the weakest studio album in the discography . And that the CD does not contain any bonus tracks , as compared with other studio releases , is a tip-off that interest should only be generated from fans eying to fill in the gaps in their UH collection .
 I have to start off by saying that I 'm a * huge * Heep fan ; I have pretty much everything they 've done from 1970 to the present -LRB- and I think the current line-up is the best since the `` Demons and Wizards '' era -RRB- . That said , this album is absolutely awful
 I hate to disagree with the two fellows who posted their certainly posative reviews here regarding my favorite band , Uriah Heep 's 1985 album , but I just could n't enjoy it as much as they did -LRB- and I waited nearly three weeks to receive my copy , simply because Amazon.com had trouble tracking one down for me . I appreciate their effort and as a completist I AM glad to have this CD in my collection , but ... they really SHOULD have tried harder on any other CD but this one . It really is forgettable , save for the absolutely fantastic `` Night of the Wolf '' -LRB- the only real reason for buying this CD -RRB- , and the highly enjoyable `` Rockarama '' , which is just a heck of a lot of fun to listen to . Unfortunately , the song `` Party Time '' is for me absolutely CRINGE-INDUCING ... I honestly wonder what Mick and the boys were thinking when they recorded that ? I hate to say anything bad about these guys , but ... No more , please , no more.After saying that , I WILL mention that it 's great to hear the fantastic Trevor Bolder back as the band 's bass player ... he was certainly missed -LRB- no offense to Bob Daisley , who was great himself on the two albums he did as a member of Heep ... I 've just had a special fondness for Trevor , after hearing him do his stuff on `` Who Needs Me '' from Uriah Heep 's 1977 album , `` Firefly '' . There , his bass has to be heard to be believed ! -RRB- All in all , this is the one Uriah Heep CD that you can afford to miss ... especially now that they 've raised the price to a whopping -LSB- item price -RSB- -LRB- which they did RIGHT after I received my own copy ... There are better CDs to spend that much money on , believe me , unless of course you have every Heep album in existance except for this one .
 Uriah Heep `` Equator '' DNC -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . On their 16th studio album `` Equator '' , Trevor Bolder rejoined the band on bass . Their sound was now totally pop-metal . This album had no re-makes , all originals . `` Rockarama '' , is a shout out number , which I got tired of fast . `` Night Of The Wolf '' , was pretty good . Quite a come down after the hard hitting `` Abominog '' , a few years before . This would be my last album by Uriah Heep until 2008 's `` Wake The Sleeper '' . I missed `` Raging Silence '' , `` Different World '' , `` Sea Of Light '' and `` Sonic Origami '' .
 Diarrhea . That 's what happened to me when I heard this cd , massivley explosive diarrhea , but luckily when I had realized I was out of toliet paper , I could use the cd to clean up , and trust me it did n't sound any better afterwards . If I could find out where my dog buried , and clean it off , I would probably send it back to amazon , wait , it 's not worth the shipping charge , even if there is no charge it 's not worth it .
 Well , the bad reviews of this CD are very right , this is pretty bad . I apologize to the people who made this CD , and the people who listened to it , for wasting your time ! Good luck getting somewhere with this
 All of the good reviews titled `` a music fan '' are all members of the band promoting thier own cd . If you buy this CD and actually enjoy it , you should see a doctor because you may have an inner ear infection . The rythms are completely off and stolen from Dave Matthews Band , Strangefolk , String Cheese Incident , DBB and the list goes on . Above all DO NOT BUY THIS CD . If you would like something worthwhile to do with ten dollars then throw it out your car window just like you will do to this CD . Or just light the money on fire because at least that will keep you warm .
 This CD is really bad ... even though the bass player -LRB- Alexis Babini -RRB- is extremely hot the CD sounds like the same song over and over again its really really really bad !!! Sorry guys !
 All of the good reviews titled `` a music fan '' are all members of the band promoting thier own cd . If you buy this CD and actually enjoy it , you should see a doctor because you may have an inner ear infection . The rythms are completely off and stolen from Dave Matthews Band , Strangefolk , String Cheese Incident , DBB and the list go on . Above all DO NOT BUY THIS CD . If you would like something worthwhile to do with ten dollars then throw it out your car window just like you will do to this CD . Or just light the money on fire because at least that will keep you warm .
 A friend of mine gave me a CD entitled `` Gabriels Groove '' and told me I had to listen to it because it was the most awful creation known to man . I did n't beleive him , but after listening to it just once , I destroyed the CD by throwing it out of my car window . It is by far the worst musical work I have EVER heard . I would seriously pay the asking price of the CD to never hear the music again ! By the way , I 'm in my third year at Berklee college of music , toured Europe in a Jazz trio for two years and have played with countless famous musicians , so I definately think I 'm qualified when evaluating a CD of music . This band needs to go .
 I wonder if they know what rythem or a beat is ? I have been playing music for 8 years now and I ca n't even imagine how they wrote this piece of garbage . Garbage is actually praising this CD because it seriously is worse than my dog 's vomit . Buy a metronome so you can keep a f**king beat . This is n't anything new or experimental . It 's just atrocious.Also , write some better lyrics and find a better singer . Babini is really flat half the time . My dog can vomit better lyrics and sing better than whats on this CD . Well , at least now I can use this CD to clean up my dog 's vomit . Dont buy this because it is just a 10 dollar paper towel.In the end , you ca n't even burn this CD well because the plastic fumes can kill you . Maybe someone can burn it in front of this band so they never again will produce such crap .
 The title of this review says it all
 Are you serious , people ? I am a very intelligent critic of the performing arts and let me tell you , this is absolutely disgusting . If you put John Mayer and Dave Mathews band along with `` Gabriel 's Groove '' , i am sure you will see the exact similarity that makes this band not individualists but people trying to form a band out of something that has already been made . Dave Mathews is a musical genius , Gabriel 's Groove on the other hand is not . If i could prevent people from buying this CD i would , but unfortunately I can not . 5 stars ? Please , this needs to stop , and stop while we 're ahead .
 Sorry boys but you should really take a few years to really evaluate your content . Do you honestly think what you have is fame worthy ? To music fans , this sounds horrible-To people surfing the web , this sounds horrible . If you ever start playing with the big-time musicicians -LRB- in all hopes that you wo n't -RRB- , you 're going to realize that you need a lot more then what you have right now ! Do yourselves a favor and work on what you have . All you have is highschool , low-talented musical notes put together in a unorganized fashion !
 If you truly apreciate music you WILL NOT buy this cd . The vocals are horrible and the whole band is off rythm . Go to CD baby and listen for yourself . Whatever fame they have is so undeserved .
 I came across this band while searching for some good new music on Amazon , and it 's not quite what I was looking for . The free sample named `` Mary Goes Round '' was simply horrible . The lyrics sound like a hormone enraged dorky highschool student could n't get over how his father thinks he 's a faliure . Well guess what bud , if you keep pursuing this career , maybe he 's right.The sound is almost Dave Mathew 's Band-esque , only worse . Maybe if you seperate each instrument and played them as solos it would make sense , but the correlation and fit between them is ... it is n't . I 'm sorry that you spent whatever money you did developing the band and burning cds in your basement . I 'm sorry that you will never earn that money back through music.Please excuse me , I need to vomit .
 An ordinary version of extraordinary music . On the whole , while a fairly nice compilation of Barber 's music , it was unfortunately musically disappointing .
 Longest Adagio , I have ever heard . Endless . Perfect for funerals.The rest is average to say the least .
 Why ? 1 . It 's called # 1 's , and only has 4 # 1 Hot 100 singles ; and 1 track that got to # 1 on the R&B ; chart but not the hot 100 ... . so that 's 5 # 1 's on a CD with 16 tracks . Hmmmmm .2 . It 's missing : No , No , No Pt . 1With Me Pt .1 Get On The Buswhich I would 've thought would be essential inclusions on a Destiny 's Child compilation ... 3 . Of the 3 `` new '' tracks ; 1 is a reject from `` Destiny Fulfilled '' -LRB- `` Feel The Same Way I Do '' -RRB- ; another is a Beyonce solo track ... -LRB- now obviously Beyonce is the only member of Destiny 's Child who actually has any -LRB- negligible -RRB- talent ; but what is a solo song doing on here ? If they were going to include a Beyonce solo song they at least couldv ' e included `` Crazy In Love '' , which is better than every single song on here , and unlike most of the songs on here , actually DID get to # 1 ... -RRB- 4 . There are no rare collaborations or soundtrack songs included -LRB- like `` No More Rainy Days '' from `` The PJ 's '' ; `` Perfect Man '' from `` Romeo Must Die '' -RRB- ; and only one song is included from their first album -LRB- which seems to me like a deliberate attempt by Destiny 's Child & Matthew Knowles to spite the other two girls originally in the group -RRB- 5 . Most of the album is filler anyway ; with non-hits like `` Bug A Boo '' and `` Girl '' ; and awful songs that should n't have been hits like `` Cater 2 U '' , `` Soldier '' and `` Survivor `` The only reason I 'm not giving this 1 star is because Destiny 's Child DID have a couple of OK songs over the years ; and it makes more sense to buy this one lame `` hits '' album than buying all the even lamer individual albums . -LRB- Altough their good songs are/were so overplayed you 're probably sick of hearing them anyway ; but ... -RRB-
 I bought this CD based upon a cross-link to this page and the rave reviews of Hayden 's fans . I regret my decision , not because the music is bad , but because it is tedious and the guy 's voice is limited.Once again , the fans of a no-name musician have stuffed the ballot box to make it appear that he is the Christ . If you 're not already a fan , better to spend your time and money elsewhere .
 Kai Hansen has been working too much -LRB- thanks God -RRB- . Besides Gamma Ray , he plays in Iron Savior and in another dozen projects , like tribute albuns , etc. . So , it 's unavoidable that sometimes his genius must be given a halt , to regain its breathing !!! NO WORLD ORDER seems clearly a `` beked-up '' version of previous Gamma Ray albuns and , worst of all , copies things from other songs unashamedly . You could rest a while , Gamma Ray . Just tour and give a break from recording new albuns .
 OK . Do n't get me wrong . I 'm a HUGE Gamma Ray fan . They may be my favorite band . And I 'm a huge fan of heavy music and a lot of power metal in general also , and any good music really . But I 've got to say - in my opinion - this is the weakest GR album to date . Alright , so the expectations after 3 great albums in a row -LRB- Land Of The Free , Somewhere Out In Space , Powerplant -RRB- plus a superbly done best of -LRB- Blast From The Past -RRB- were super high . And it 's hard to keep up such a streak , especially with a change of members between two of those albums . But I 've still got to be honest with my 2-star rating . -LRB- 2 1/2 if they had halves too -RRB- No World Order seems to start out great , with the intro -LRB- Induction -RRB- hitting on a pretty fresh topic , the Illuminati . This sets the stage for the whole album , and does so superbly . Then crashes in Dethrone Tyranny , an aggressive fast Dan Zimmermann-penned number . Nice one there . You 'll then work your way through Heart Of A Unicorn , Heaven Or Hell , New World Order , and the rest of the CD . And it all seems pretty good the first time around . But then you start noticing things . . - several songs have parts that blatantly sound like pieces from other bands , or even past Gamma Ray songs . Examples
 I love R.E.M. and I particularly love the R.E.M. songs that were recorded under the I.R.S. label . However , this video collection is surprisingly amateurish and it is missing many of the great videos that R.E.M. made during this period . I think it is time for R.E.M. and I.R.S. to mend fences , remaster the work off of the first five and a half R.E.M. albums , and issue a complete and professional compilation of the videos from this period .
 It pains me that X , one of the great artists of the last 30 years , tainted their great punk legacy with a couple of half cooked pop records in the late 80 's - Ai n't Love Grand and See How We Are . It must have pained them too , because in making 1993 's Hey Zeus , X seems to have abandoned any of the contemporary trappings of those two records and gotten ... well , contemporary , but or 1993 . The guitars sludge and grind , and are pretty clearly influenced by the grunge and noise that had passed in the years since See How We Are was released . However , those two radio-friendly releases , while being overwhelmingly lousy , each had a great song or two -LRB- `` Burning House Of Love '' `` 4th of July '' `` You '' -RRB- . On Hey Zeus , I 'm a much bigger fan of the final product - I think it 's closer to the type of beat-poet punk they 'd like to make . Yet the songs are half cooked at best - `` Someone 's Watching Me '' is dull paranoia , `` Clean Like Tomorrow '' entices with its lyrics then fails at creating any interesting melody , and songs like `` Baby , You Lied '' and `` Lettuce and Vodka '' do n't even try . Bad idea as it may be , the grunge sound make the full product better than See How We Are , and it does , actually , create one truly extraordinary song -LRB- and , credit where it 's due , `` Big Blue House '' and `` Arms For Hostages '' would be good filler in a different album -RRB- - `` Drawn In The Dark , '' the atmospheric , blazing closer of a song hints at the scuzz that could have driven this band if the rest of the album had earned it .
 At first I liked the stuff on this album . But then i realized that it 's just the same stuff that is being put out by the hives . It 's a waste . I chucked it into the drawer . Goodday !!!!
 I 'm a PTA fan , and this movie is great . The music itself is creative and interesting , yet totally distracting , annoying , and ultimately very diminishing of the filmic experience . It seems to function more as an art piece and not backdrop to a narrative . My understanding of how film music functions best is to be background , not foreground . This soundtrack failed .
 The CD is not that bad for first time out . It has it good points and just the same old Hip-Hop R&B stuff . Still these guys have potental to get better with the right producers . They can sing . If they hook up with the right label and producers . They can blow up . I like the CD , Keep you head up guys and much success in the future
 A few years ago I bought one of Ibizarre Cds , number 4 , and I 'm pretty happy with it . The music is notfabulous , and it 's a bit sappy , but it 's well produced and there some tracks that are actually inspired.When I got # 5 I was shocked to discover a whole Cd with grotesquely uninspired songs . Overly sappy , predictable and very annoying melodies with terrible arrangements that are trying really hard to soundepic and overly important . The result is a work of failure . A pity , especially after a good # 4 .
 New Day
 ok , ali akbar khan deserves appreciation , but his son really is mediocre.wonder why such a talented musician who has a wealth of knowledge has not been able to produce ONE worthy successor . -LRB- Nikhil Banerjee was already groomed by allaudin khan and annapurana devi before comming to ali -RRB- ive heard his son live several times and it sounds like a corpse is playing ... there just is no soul
 Reason for my rating is the fact I only got one cd . I mean , 51 bucks for one cd is messed up . I guess I bought it after reading the reviews hoping the cd had like a bonus disc inside that they did n't put on the description ... oh well . If you got the money and would like to own atleast ONE of the cd of this album , buy it .
 This soloist offers strange interpretations with illogical phrasing and primitive understanding of the works . The not too great technique also does n't help her . I would have been bored if I was n't irritated with the sloppy sound production and phony spinning of anti-musical pseudo-lines . The market is already pretty saturated with dozens of highly accomplished recordings of these particular works , by truly great artists of the most sterling reputation . Why would anyone want to own or even preview these recordings , is beyond me . I ca n't possibly recommend them .
 Nadja had a nice cable documentary about her life and I thought she was a character that life deserved as well as music . However , in this CD she was buried by the rest of the instruments . It is still an okay CD however .
 I was very disappointed in this CD . These are such great works , and they were left lifeless and dead . I would suggest looking for a different recording .
 when i first heard this album it was garbage , now im in to hip hop like krs-one tribe called quest kweli , but this album is completely lacking tight lyrics or beats please dont buy this album unless you are collecting lol
 I hate to give yet another negative review to Claudio Arrau 's Chopin , but this is listless playing . Arrau polarizes people -- they either love him or hate him , it seems , with few people falling between the two camps . With me , when he 's on he 's `` on , '' but when he misses , the results can be horrendous . And how this one got a Great Recordings of the Century seal I 'm not sure.The playing is slow and ponderous . I know it 's not news that Arrau leans towards slowness , but I hear no expressive line here , just a very calculated broadness that is perhaps his attempt at majesty . But there 's no majesty in the phrasing or the touch , the way there is in , say , his Emperor Concerto on EMI . This is just slow , dull playing , the very things his detractors say he is famous for . Were this my introduction to Arrau , I 'd be hard-pressed to argue.Sadly , he made another recording of the Chopin 3rd sonata for Decca that 's never been issued on CD -LRB- legitimately -RRB- . That is the performance to have , even though the sound is somewhat inferior . I ca n't recommend this release at all , unfortunately , unless you are some sort of Arrau completist .
 Fonit has done a wonderful job in cleaning up the sound on this 1954 `` Butterfly '' . The cast is variable
 Sr. . Mi & ntilde ; o -LRB- b. 1949 -RRB- is an excellent guitarist from Seville , particularly noted for performing with his wife , dancer Pepa Montes . I saw them together at a festival in Palma del R&iacute;o once , and of all the performers that evening they impressed me the most.Unfortunately , this album does not -- for me , anyway -- capture what Mi & ntilde ; o is capable of . For one thing , the recording is very old -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . The playing -LRB- as often , regrettably , happens in the antiseptic atmosphere of a recording studio -RRB- is stiff , nervous and inhibited , and shows an alarming tendency to slide towards the classical ; although -LRB- as one would expect -RRB- there are good musical ideas.The total time is 45 ' 09 ''
 Bummed it from a friend ; indeed it 's seriously not worth the many dollars I would have had to pay to get it . Let 's hope DFI gets out of their slump .
 THIS ALBUM IS ALRIGHT IF SOMEBODY GIVES IT TO YOU , BUT I PERSONALLY WOULD N'T SPEND A CENT ON IT .
 I am someone who has enjoyed The King 's Singers for years . I have previously found their range and choices of material to be interesting and rewarding . This album however , was a disappointment . Their voices did not seem suited to the Beatles music , and the arrangements did not serve The King 's Singers or The Beatles well.My suggestion
 During my audiophile listening through different kind of music , this was the most desireed into my list . This was causes because of the several uses for several resellers and manufacturer of audiophiles electronic components on brazilian demonstration , meeting and open fairs . Those demonstration was intended to clearly show the sound stage of the voice , and also their respective positioning , air separating each voices and the differences of heigh between the singers . That was well recorded!However , I could not find this kind of magic in my listening room . I will give this album a second chance , when I visit one friend , but so far I am not want to listen it again .
 i 'm not an expert . but truthfully , i have n't yet heard OC do anything appreciaBLE past 1970 . let me know if there is anything out there that might change my mind . for methany , who is firmly grounded in contemporary music , this is just a very distasteful balk , an anomoly . -LRB- that record with haynes and holland did n't do it for me either -RRB-
 Perhaps instead of calling this album ` Song X ' a more appropriate title would have been ` Schizophren-X ' . The notes are so disorganized and scattered that it obviously gives the listener some insight into what an auditory hallucination must be like . There is absolutely nothing groovy about this recording . Quite frankly it is down right frightening , and painful to listen to . No matter how many times I hear this I still refuse to believe that this really is Pat Metheny . Please tell me it is n't so . Something was seriously wrong in the recording studio during the making of this album . Pat , trust me I really do love you but , what were you thinking ?!! All though I am generally crazy for Pat Metheny I rate this recording negative stars . If you insist on listening to this album please remember to first comply with your medications .
 What are you people thinking ? Has the world gone mad ? This is NOT jazz . I can play better than this and I do n't even play saxaphone . Someone came up to me the other day and said `` Hey this is great stuff ! '' When I told him that they were n't even playing music whatsoever , he said `` No way man , they are CHOOSING those notes ! '' I slapped him in the face.I thought that the birth of Kenny G. as a jazz icon was the lowest point in jazz 's history ... I was wrong ... Song X is rock bottom.What happens when a drummer , guitarist , and saxophonist all solo at once ? Song X a.k.a. crap .
 I am a big Pat Metheny fan , but I just ca n't listen to this . I tried to on several different occasions , but I had to shut it off.Listen to some of the samples , and you will hear for yourself.If you are looking to begin a Pat Metheny collection , stay away from this CD . Start with any of the following
 I got into Pat Methany in 1987 when Still Life -LRB- Talking -RRB- was released . I just happen to be in Tower Records on 67th street in Manhattan and they were playing it and I asked the guy `` What is this awesome music '' I bought it and the Methany love affair began . At the time of this release -LRB- Song X -RRB- I was still in catchup mode ... that is , buying all the Methany I could find . Up to this point I had NEVER been disappointed . I saw this relase get 5 stars in downbeat and rushed out to buy it as well.I can still recall what I felt when I hit the play button on my old CD player back then . YIKES ! WTF is going on ? I thought something was wrong with the disk ... no REALLY ... I DID ! In the back of my mind I was thinking ... O.K. this thing does have Ornette Coleman on it and I know he is a space cadet when it comes to music but I never thought I hear Methany going down this path.I am not a musician and perhaps it takes a musicians ear to appreciate the abstractness of these musical phrasings . But I knows what I hate ... and I hate this . As sophisticated as it may be to the musically astute this sounds like white noise to me . I love the music on `` As Falls Wichita ... '' perhaps that 's as sophisticated as my musical palate will allow for me to delve.For all of you who can appreciate this ... bully for you ! I sold mine for $ 3 at the used CD shop the next day ... hopefully one of you picked it up from there for $ 6 and got a good deal .
 I had the misfortune of getting this album automatically for forgetting to return a&amp;^$%^$#@ing Columbia House card . As a budding professional saxophonist , I listened out of curiosity , and could n't make it through the album . Forget about what the pointy-headed jazz critics say . This album sounds like a saxophonist playing during a grand mal seizure . The in-your-face dissonance sounds like pure chaos . It 's the kind of thing you listen to if you are shooting several pedestrians with a high-powered rifle.I 've often wondered what the response of jazz critics would be if they ever heard me blow a whole bunch of random notes with an air of conviction during a performance . They would proabably think `` God , that 's deep ! SO emotive ! '' Forget it . It 's a bunch of crap . The emperor has no clothes .
 listen all you fans of the great O.C. out there , avoid this awful noise . it needs a government health warning ! much as i love ornette 's playing this is unworthy of his supreme talents . sorry folks its just plain ugly . perhaps ornette had a migraine at these sessions ?
 The first tune `` Song X '' literally sound like I just walked into a rehearsal room when the players are still tuning up and before the conductor arrives . Who are you try to fool ? like they say , suckers born every minute.Other than that all the other tunes are great and quite enjoyable . 3.5 stars here
 Sounds like a cat got into the studio . Enough said
 ... Picture ... if you will ... an ardent fan of Pat Metheny 's poetic musicality . Always on the lookout for new and old work , he comes upon this rather ... eh ... interesting opus with the venerable Ornette Coleman . Not too fond of Coleman 's somewhat ... er . . `` oblique '' style of distressed expression , he figures that the combination of these two should -- at the least -- break new ground . He makes the leap and gets the CD.That night he stands slack jawed as his wife and family cover their ears in front of the stereo . `` Dad , you said this guy was one of your favorites , '' the young son accuses . `` Oh , man ... I 'm NEVER gon na let you complain about the stuff I play ... ever again , '' the High Schooler howls in ridicule.His better half flees the room , tears of hilarity streaming from her eyes as she stumbles out laughing . `` But ... but ... they must have put the wrong CD in the box , '' the fan says . `` This CA N'T be Metheny . `` But , alas , he can hear the trademark chords buried within the cacaphony of Coleman 's shrieking reeds.He pops the evil disc back into the jewel case , probably for all time barring the possibility of an especially boozy evening when friends are in need of a good laugh.As he shuts the case , he prounounces judgement for the family to hear
 If you have n't seen the wonderful effects that happen when you put a CD in the microwave , this is the one to try it with .
 Having heard Pat 's work with Joni Mitchell , `` Pat 's Solo '' off Shadows and Light , for example I bought this thinking it would be similar in style . How wrong can you be ? Of course now with the internet and all I would have had a listen before buying it , but back then I just took a chance . I can remember now when I put it on the turntable and dropped the arm onto the record . Oh my word there are no words to describe it . I ca n't listen to it . Sometimes I try to describe how awful it is to my jazz loving friends and they think I 'm exaggerating , then I play it to them . The look on their faces is priceless . Seriously you need to hear it before you buy . I know this gets five stars off some reviewers , they must know something I do n't . It 's just my opinion , that 's all
 As with quite a few of the other Amazon reviews of this album , I 'm a fan of much of Pat Metheny 's work but not this particular project.I 've tried several times to get into this record and failed dismally every time.It really is a `` Love It Or Hate It '' record . A friend of mine rates it as one of his all-time favourite albums ... I find it un-listenable . DEFINITELY hear it before you buy it !
 Not remastered from the original tapes ! -LRB- I have this from the guys that remastered it -RRB- It was reissued using several generation old copies . The sound is nothing special . There is an awful edit on the live side between tracks . Buy the repertoire edition . Oh and the bonus tracks ? Mono versions of the album tracks . . not different just mono.BIG DEAL
 The song list displayed on this page is incorrect . There are two bands , one named ` Nice ' and one called ` The Nice ' . ` The Nice ' was a band from the sixties . ` Nice ' was an early nineties alternative rock band and their albulms are n't in circulation as much . I ordered this item thinking it was ` Nice ' but received ` The Nice ' . Despite the mixup I tried listening to it ; It was n't that great .
 I bought this CD just by chance - I had found it at a big warehouse sell-off on Industrial rd. in Ottawa for $ 2 . Some supplier probably bought dozens thinking that Tubthumper was popular , so why not Readymades ? Well , were they sure mistaken.This CD is terrible . Now , terrible is subjective , but if liked WYSIWYG or even Tubthumper , you will be sorely dissapointed . The CD is full of acoustic guitar and mundane harmless lyrics . The jacket has some interesting quotes , but otherwise , this CD is not worth your time .
 I love this piece of music as much as any I have ever known . The orchestra on this recording is fantastic . The tempos and the long Brahms musical lines are great . The soloists are first rate , especially Van Dam . However , I think this is one of the saddest and sloppiest choral recordings ever released . The soprano section of the choir sings half steps flat in many places throughout the first movement . I had to change tracks it was so terrible . The opening mens section -LRB- sounding like it 's plus women -RRB- of the second movement is also out of tune . Poor choral singing throughout . Very sad . It is amazing to me that this recording ever made it to the public . I 'm just happy I spent a very small amount for the MP3 download . I would have been very irritated had I spent full price for such sloppy work .
 Miki Howard slid onto the soul scene in 1986 with a nostalgiac reading of the jazz standard `` Imagination . '' That and her subsequent hits were tailor-made for the mature jazz leanings of the Quiet Storm genre that was so popular back then , and R&B audiences found themselves treated to a truly unique new talent with an expressive and heartfelt instrument . When her fifth album solely paid tribute to Billie Holiday , the record 's style and elegance were at once the artistic height and epitome of Miki Howard . Too bad a similar plateau was n't reached for her first project in the new millenium , `` Three Wishes . `` Whereas Miki used to favor jazzy melodies and bluesy , lovelorn lyrics , tepid pop reigns supreme here . `` Do n't Give Your Heart , '' `` Imagine , '' and the title track are all lukewarm compositions that even Miki does n't seem to have warmed to ; sure , she knows when to hold back , when to pull out all the stops , and when to embellish the melody with a soulful flourish , but somehow her vocals sound as formulaic and unimaginative as the songs they 're reduced to . When she cries up to her higher register you expect to feel goosebumps at any minute ; when they do n't come you realize Miki 's merely going through the motions . The more R&B - flavored material is an insult as well ; `` One Day Without You , '' `` Nobody , '' and `` Ai n't No Way to Treat a Lady '' -LRB- and no , it 's not the Helen Reddy tune -RRB- are n't modern , but are n't retro either - just thumpingly dated ... as if someone wanted to recreate Miki 's glory days of the 80 's , but did n't realize that adults like to stay awake for their music as much as anyone else.What 's truly depressing , however , are the brief glimpses of what the record could have been . `` Kiss of a Stranger '' is n't a jazz standard but it sure sounds like one , and the idea of Miki singing original , traditionally-arranged jazz seems like a good idea indeed . Then there 's `` Meant to Be , '' which is n't an old-school jam session but sure sounds like one ... and hey , the idea of Miki singing original , sparsely-arranged funk seems like a pretty good idea , too . But either the suits at Miki 's label decided to nap at the meetings for this project , or no one bothered to listen to her back catalog long enough to realize that Miki is at her best making retro stylings sound new all over again . Either way , we 're left with a wasted opportunity for some much-needed maturity and style in modern R&B . `` Three Wishes '' ? Most Miki Howard fans would only need one , and it would no doubt be for the kind of material a talent like hers deserves .
 When I heard that Miki Howard was finally going to release a CD of new material after a lenghty hiatus , I was truly excited . Because Howard was one of the better R&B female vocalists to emerge in the 80 's , I knew I would be in for a treat . Man , was I wrong.I was mortified when I heard this CD ! It 's such a pity to have a talent like Howard wasted on such bland material and poor production . And Miki gives a lack-luster performance on every song , a far cry from the soul-stirring performances on her 80 's Atlantic CDs.I know Howard has had many personal problems over the past several years . Hopefully , she will come to her senses and go with another record company who will team her with far more qualified songwriters and producers and we can once again hear the Miki Howard we all remember and loved from the 80 's .
 If you are a female and like poster-boy-type-of-singers than this is a good cd for you . It is better than boy bands because it contains classic songs.If you are not one of the above female-like-fans and love mexican music than this cd I do n't recommend . This guy sounds like a fresita-boy singing ranchera classics . I got this cd in Mexico on a tianguis for a dollar . If you can find it at that price like I did then go ahead and buy it so you can compare his voice with the voices that made those songs great songs . It would be a good learning - to - listen tool.Getting into details of this cd well , , , , , this guy 's voice is bad for rancheras or classics . He should stick with his pop ranchera ballads . There is no way he can match his father except on ego and that you could hear it on his voice.He really tries hard in between songs TRYING to sound macho or something that makes it is very funny to listen . I do give him 5 stars for his vibrato on his voice . Too bad he ca n't use it wisely.I do n't like to compare artists but in this case I have no choice : I strongly recommend you get Juan Gabriel 's 25th anniversary in Bellas Artes instead . Listen to it and you 'll see this cd is a very boring performance . The last instrumental track from Moncayo 's Huapango is also very bad performance . Try and listen to another version of Moncayo and you 'll notice.All in all a AF and the music he interprets is nothing but good poster-boy for girls that dream of the ` cute ' ranchero singing her serenatas.In other words , , , nothing but image.Oh , , , but great and excellent song selection .
 I can not review what I never recieved even if I was charged for it . This vendor is a crook !
 First off , I am a HUGE Creed fan . I own all three of their albums and listen to them on a daily basis . That 's why when I found out that there were acoustic versions of both `` Do n't Stop Dancing '' and `` With Arms Wide Open '' , I jumped at the chance to get it . I was very disappointed . The acoustic verson of `` D.S.D '' is decent , but somehow empty . It features Tremonti `` raking '' away on a guitar and Stapp 's vocals , but it 's missing any kind of `` feel '' or `` passion '' to it ... not to mention the fact that there is something wrong with the sound quality of Amie Stapp 's vocals ... she sounds very different and almost `` removed '' from the recording . But the biggest let down , I am sad to say , was the `` acoustic '' version of `` W.A.W.O. '' It starts off promising enough , but then it becomes no different than the radio version , with Tremonti `` raking '' on an acoustic guitar in the background . In fact , it 's safe to say he probably just played over the original recording . To make a long story short , if you have Creed 's albums , be satisfied with those and go ahead and pass this one up .
 This misbegotten Elektra -- flat , ordinary , and prosaic -- has aroused bizarre enthusiasm at Amazon . I have no hope of pushing back the tide , but it 's worth warning off curious buyers who might slip into this bog . Eva Marton was a klaxon-voiced stand-in while the opera world waited for a better German dramatic soprano . The native Hungarian has no conception of the text here and adds absolutely nothing to Elektra as a character -- she simply makes loud vocal noises.Marton is abetted by a goodish cast , but Cheryl Studer 's touching Chrysotemmis ca n't stand up to Sawallisch 's plodding conducting , and Bernd Weikel 's Orest is no better than workmanlike . The Bavarian orchestra plays well enough , and EMI 's engineers have cuaght the proceedings in detailed sound . Who cares ? Sawallisch is bland to the point of stasis , and the catalog already has great Elektras in abundance , beginning with Birgit Nilsson in her indispensable and astounding portrayal under Solti on Decca .
 The gorgeous classical voice of Frederica unfortunately does not serve the comedy songs of Rogers & Hart . Her delivery is that of an opera star , so the brilliant wit of a song like ` To keep My Love Alive ' is overdone and falls flat . This material is in need of a musical comedy performer . Frederica Von Stade is not that kind of performer .
 I thought I was going to love this album based on the singles `` Fill Me In '' and `` Seven Days '' . Friends in the UK were raving about Craig David , particularly his 2-step track `` Re-Wind '' and I was eagerly awaiting the US release of his album . Little did I know that `` Re-Wind '' is a limpid mess and the rest of the album is padded with lowest-common-denominator fill-in-the-blank faux-soul . Nothing else on the album evokes the passion or bounce of the two lead singles . It 's a shame ; had the other tracks even been half as good , this would have been a decent album .
 First of all , this album -LRB- sucks ... -RRB- , 2nd of all , he can barely sing , The song `` Fill Me In '' is OK , but all the rest is totally Awful . I was looking forward to this album , because of `` Fill Me In '' , and `` 7 Days '' , But I was n't looking forward to much ... I returned this -LRB- horrid -RRB- piece o ' -LRB- ... -RRB- , and got Usher 's latest `` 8701 '' which is great ! I reccomend that one fo ' sho !!!
 While I 'm not the worlds biggest R&B fan , a lot of it does hit the right note for me . Craig David , however , does not . I find the melodies boring and repetitive and some of the lyrics are unintelligible . After a couple of songs it becomes painful to listen ! The worst album of the year so far ? Quite possibly .
 WOW ! Another One-Hit-Wonder ! Craig David has done an amazing job of taking a great song like `` Fill Me In '' and adding on 13 other `` songs '' that do n't do anything but pull this album to the floor . The 2-step -LRB- UK Garage -RRB- styles shown in `` Fill Me In '' are unique , but never repeated , and the rest of the album is merely half sewn-together wanna-be R&B songs.Another annoying thing that you can notice when listening to this album is how in EVERY SINGLE SONG there is a little muffled `` craig david '' just to remind you who made the horrible little ditty that you are wasting your time listening to.I think that this album is a true waste of plastic and paper . had it never been made , i would have saved money , time and the energy that it took me to write this article .
 This kind of rubbish sums up whats wrong with music today.I would love to `` fill him in '' on how bad he really is.Avoid at all costs
 this debut album of craig david is highly anticipated over the strength of two succesfull singles `` rewind `` and `` fill me in '' . those two songs are undoubtly brilliant , so we all waited for his debut to drop.but ... when the album drops , and as i listened to it , a huge dissapointment started filling up my chest.craig david could have done better than this.this 11 songs cd is full of repetitive melodies , montonous beats , and standard-rate lyrics though some of the lyrics are very natural.the only two songs that kick , for me ... only `` fill me in '' and `` last night '' . i think the album was produced in a rush ... cuz it could have been tighter.yet so , . . craig has done a good vocal work.hopefully ... he 'll take his time to grow musically and we can have a better work on his somophore album . so , if you 're into typical r & b music such as brian mc knight , destiny 's child , etc. . this album might suits you very well , ... but if you 're more into `` state of art `` music such as d'angelo , stevie wonder , maxwell or marvin gaye ... this album will be a disappointment .
 I got this CD used , so its not like it was a big loss anyway . I was really a fan of `` Fill Me In '' when it came out . I thought the sound was interesting , here is a gorgeous guy who can sing for sure but the rest of the album fell flat on its face . I thought all the songs sounded exactly the same , there was no diverseness in the lyrics , and overall , kind of a snore fest . I ripped a few songs that I liked on to my computer to use to play in a shuffle with other stuff and then I resold it , but listening to this album front to back just is n't happening and it 's certainly not worth keeping in my collection . It 's far too `` slow jam '' style for me , which I do not like in the slightest .
 Now Craig David can sing -- That brotha has a honeyed-voice . But I did n't like this CD . I felt Craig experimented too much with different beats and the lyrics were not that good -LRB- ofcourse except for `` Fill Me In '' -RRB- . And `` Fill Me In 1 & 2 '' did n't even get that much air-play on the radio -LRB- What 's up with that ? -- Fill Me In part 2 is definately a club-tune -RRB- . There 's really only 3 good songs on here -LRB- `` Fill Me In 1 and 2 '' and probably `` 7 Days '' -RRB- . The rest are whack . I mean there 's even a song on the CD where Craig is rapping - talking about some `` Mic Selectaaa '' -LRB- he 's doing his British-Reggae thing -RRB- -- But I do n't want to hear that . Craig is at his best when he sings with his sweet voice like `` Fill Me In . '' I hope on his next CD Craig develops a style for himself with more beats & lyrics that has a coherent flow like `` Fill Me In `` But if you saw this guy on MTV -LRB- and heard the first song on his CD -RRB- you 'll see he also raps or sings really quick -- whatever you wan na call it . So he has an amazing talent with that . I have n't seen that many R&B artists with that talent . So I 'm expecting a better sophmore release from Craig.Peace
 Somebody please bring back old school for those of us over 40 who would like to buy music , and who are financing the 20-year-olds buying this tripe . There 's got to be somebody out there who can show me they know what melody is .
 CRAIG DAVID PROVIDES THE MUZAK ... DOES -LSB- ANYONE -RSB- SELL ELEVATORS ? ... seriously , though , he carries a good tune but this just does n't appeal to me . `` soulful '' ? hardly . BORN TO BORE .
 The album is only worthy for the catchy `` Fill me In '' and the latin-influenced `` 7 Days '' , the rest of the album is totally BORING and w/out any interest . Of course , Craig has a great voice , filled with soul and heat , and the Artfull Dodger 's Mark Hill production tries to be a bit creative , using the `` garage '' style as an alibi to guarantee innovation , but is that enough to make a good album ? DO N'T BE FOOLED !!!
 I 'm writing this because - A. I 'm bored , and B. I think this guy is so overrated . I saw him do a P.A. , and , no doubt , the confidence is there , but , as with Robbie Williams , it takes more than confidence to be real innovater . A celebrity , maybe . But I have no interest in these Dido , Coldplay types . It 's theatrics and image , and a clever marketing strategy that make 's it happen . Those record sales are what has killed off the music biz and allowed braindead entities , who by rights should stick to being lifeguards or working in suntan shops , to just run around thinkin their the dogs bollocks . This is a sad and meritricious time ... Oh , and , who was I talking about ... Craig ! The only thing that needs filling in is his mouth . Filla would do .
 i owned this cd , but after listening to it for 1 time , i smashed it with hammer . that was the best usage for this cd i think . no facts in my opinion you 'll say , but listen to samples and you 'll understand me .
 I am highly dissapointed In this cd . With all the hype surrounding it 's release I expected something better.It really sounds like standard radio fare and he failed to live up to his potential.He sounds too much like a english Jon B.I am pretty sure this will be a sucessful debut because he has the formula down pat.After the first listen , I hoped maybe It would grow on me but , each time I play It I find myself not being able to listen any whole song.It seems as though he held back In order to get a hit.Anyway , It 's a waste of time and a very average cd .
 Completely dissatisfied ! First the case was cracked in three different places . Second the disc was dirty , and the cd only played the first three songs . The rest would either skip or wouldnt play !
 I ordered this item almost a month ago and I have not received it yet . I am very disappointed that I have paid for this item and have not gotten it . I will not buy from this seller again because it should not be taking this long to receive this product . I am very dissatisfied .
 First of all , this album -LRB- ... -RRB- , 2nd of all , he can barely sing , The song `` Fill Me In '' is OK , but all the rest is totally Awful . I was looking forward to this album , because of `` Fill Me In '' | and `` 7 Days '' , But I was n't looking forward to much ... I returned this -LRB- ... -RRB- , and got Usher 's latest `` 8701 '' which is great ! I reccomend that one fo ' sho !!!
 There are so many words I can use to describe this cd but the main word I will stick to Is lacking.I had hoped this was going to be the bomb but it is seriously lacking originality.There are a few tracks of note but not enough to keep me Interested.I hope on his next effort , he will branch out and let his true talent shine .
 I bought it for a dollar at Best Buy . I think I listened to it , maybe half a time through . You can get it for a penny on Amazon , but I still would n't pay that much .
 The best track is the last ... not much else i can say !
 ... Well I should have waited a little bit longer because the CD is to say the least ... . a dissapointment . I have been listening to it the entire day trying to sell myself on it but ... nothing . The whole album sounds ... watered down . No other song manages to capture the energy of `` Like I love you '' ... The album does have a few highlights , very few ... Only die hard fans should bother getting or ... buying it ... D.L in Florida
 Let me start with this
 I bought this CD because I really liked Justin Timberlake when he was with N'Sync . Believe me when I say that I had high hopes for this album and really wanted to like it . His first single , `` Like I Love You '' is the only good song on the whole CD . The first song on this CD `` Senorita '' is just plain stupid and the rest of the songs are just plain boring .
 Well , it ai n't . Not even close . `` Cry Me A River '' is the only truly memorable song , but once I realized the slow-motion , -LSB- ... -RSB- ` geeeguhgeeguhguygeeguhguy ' effect you hear at the very end of the music video -LRB- the weird noise the TV makes -RRB- is being played throughout the whole song in the background of the chorus , this track started to annoy me . Justin ... how dare you diss * Nsync and then come out with trash like this ??!
 Justin Timberlake is over-rated . He was pretty bad in N'Suck but he seems to have gotten worse since he went solo . `` Cry Me A River '' is a pretty dumb song and `` Rock Your Body '' sounds like a really bad Michael Jackson ripoff . He also sings like a whiny girl . Stay away from this crap .
 completely overrated I dont get what the fuss is about - 1.5 good songs and they get played out real fast !!!
 This guy sings girl songs ! Cry Me a River is a song that a Diva sings , not a guy . He nneds to quit his solo singing career and go back to N'Sync , not that there much better either . My cousin has this CD and I listened to the whole thing . I wasted like an hour of my life . Weird songs , wierd album , wierd guy .
 this album is waaay too overproduced and his vocals are terrible . he truly has no talent
 avoid at all costs from this phony who tries to emulate the king of pop and does horrible at it
 Justin honey , stay with what you know works N'sync works even though those song were fast wearing , this CD is pitifulk an absoulute disgrace I mean was he beat with the Michael Jackson stick or something ? I admire your fellow bandmates at least they know in their heart that their white this music is purely saddening a complete waste of $ 20
 This CD is awful and I of course didnt even need to hear the entire album . I only heard the first single off his solo effort on the radio one day and it was just awful ! Fortunately I changed the station on the radio before I almost hurled . That voice was the worst I 've ever heard , almost as bad as Britney Spears ' voice . If sex appeal were like dynamite , he could n't blow the cobwebs off his own balls ! His singing is like moaning , expecting a woman to solve all his problems . If he ever got with a girl , I do n't think he 'd have the slightest clue what to do with her . There 's really nothing more loathsome than one such as he who constantly wallows in self-pity . A very repulse creature that is . He 's so dense he 's developing a horizon from which not even a clue could escape . If he does n't tell the truth about himself in his music , then how can he can tell it about others ?? His songs may be sweet and loving , however , neither of these traits do I hold in high regard . Perhaps if he actually had some talent and a real voice to go along with it , then I just probably might have given him 2 stars , however , 3 would pushing it . If you want to hear great music sung by a great singer , then take my word for it when I say
 OMG OMG OMG OMG JUSTUK HE STO HTO OMG OMG OMG I LOKEVVVVV HIM OMG OMG OMG HE SOO RGOL AN I LU HIM AN HE SO GUD A I LU HIS REW ALUM AN OMG OMG OMG HE GI PLAY O MTV AN OMG OMG OMG THA !!! ME HE GUD I ALO LIK REBELIES ROK N RAL LIC DA BUTAL ATLEE IMPON1 AN OMG OMG OMG JUITN HE SO HOT OMG OMG OMG I LU HIM I LU HIM OMG OMG OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Justin was in the public eye CONSTANTLY with * N Sync and now he is yet again on a predictable solo venture . When will it end ? With the help of big name producers , he 's churned out a hit album . What a surprise . You can take a virtually untalented person and do the same if you get the right producers . `` Like I Love You '' is your typical Michael Jackson impersonation . `` Cry Me A River '' would 've sounded great with any other vocalist but Justin 's whines butcher it . And then you have `` Rock Your Body '' which is an annoying cross between Michael Jackson 's `` Rock With You '' and `` Too Close '' by Next but yet no surprise , radio plays it to madness . Yet again , an album proving it 's all about a pretty face and the right producers which would be somewhat forgivable if the guy had a decent voice . Please do n't buy this . Buy a Michael Jackson album instead if you like this kind of music . You 'll get basicly the same .
 Triple H -LRB- as Your Worst Nightmare -RRB-
 Justified is in plain and simple terms the worst album in recording history.Justin is the worst of the worst and is much more worse tan Britney , chris brown and the likes.Avoid at all costs.Get Born in the USA from Bruce Springsteen instead .
 Buying this album was no doubt a total mistake . This music is nothing like the stuff my mom always played , which was popular when she was my age , and I do n't even like it . None of the songs are enjoyable , and some even creep me out . Here is a song-by-song review , so you 'll know what I mean.Senorita - A little annoying , but not the worstLike I Love You - Very jumpy . Not my kind of song . -LRB- Oh no -RRB- What You Got - Too many electronic sounds and no real instruments . Not the kind of thing I enjoy.Take It from Here - This is the best song on the CD . It 's actually pretty good for the kind of song it is . But still nowhere near as good as my mother 's songs!Cry Me a River - I do n't know what to say about this song . My brother hates it , so I guess I have to hate it too.Rock your Body - The beat definitely makes this my last choice of music to listen to.Nothing Else - I do n't like the high-pitched sounds in the background during the chorus.Last Night - This track perfectly illustrates an example of not-so-nice music.Still on My Brain - I have tried to enjoy this song . But I could n't . Especially since it also has a title that I do n't like very much . -LRB- And She Said -RRB- Take Me Now - Worst song on the album ! This song really creeps me out!Right For Me - Second worst song ! The least musical of them all!Let 's Take a Ride - I do n't know ... the tune is bad , but I think it 's the jumping beat in the background that is the worst part.Never Again - I was surprised when I heard this . This song is totally different from the others ! Good for what it is , but not GOOD good .
 i heard this fruitcake justin was saying how lame and boring virginia beach was . well he 's from memphis , tennessee . u ca n't get much wacker than that . what did he grow up on a farm or something ? redneck . sounds lame to me
 Justin Timberlake is the biggest f.a.g. ever , the only people that like this c.r.a.p. some call `` music '' , are little 12 year odl teenyboppers that think a 22 year old guy is `` hot '' , its soooo patheticHE DOESNT EVEN WRITE HIS OWN SONGS . HE DOESNT EVEN SING LIVE . HE IS A DANCER AND THATS IT .
 ... how a pathetic whiner like JT can rise to the top of the charts , that is . Another question worth pondering about is whether the reason he broke up with Britney is because he suggested they do it doggystyle and she said no ... or maybe she suggested it and he said no -- the latter making more sense.In any case , this guy has absolutely no credibility , I do n't care what the Amazon reviewer says , but this guy does not , and very likely never will , make mature music . I do n't mind his dancing -- which is what he should have stuck to doing all the while , but as a singer , he 's a joke.And now 's begun hinting at sex ... weeeelllll is that JT 's attempt to convince me he 's a normal hetrosexual ? Gim me a break , Timberlake , go back to your song and dance routines .
 Justin Timberlake is the best death metal singer of the decade . I saw his odd music videos on MTV . I cant believe they would show them . His sick music videos contain tons of suggestive content , and often contain very violent things in them . I will come back to this review in a minute ... I have to throw up thinking about them ... I am back . I threw up . Thats not disgusting though . Justin Timberlake 's lyrics are . I mean , listen to him . His lyrics paint very violent images in my mind . I had nightmares about them . One of the sickest songs on this album , ' I just want to love you ' , is about a very sick subject that I cant say because I dont want you to throw up like I did . This album is brilliant though . SICK , yes , but brilliant . Buy it instead of the new Slayer album .
 i give him 2 stars cause I really like the diss song for britney . cry me a river . other than that his voice is annoying .
 I dont no were to begin fact of the matter is there can not be a lot of good music in the industry today if this cd gets awesome reviews . There is a few points i will make as a music critic the place these songs should be played are in a bar one or two of them are dancing songs nothing else . the songwriting is terrible there is nothing sophisticated about the album and the music whatsoever . Did i also hear that he could be compared to michael jackson as the next king of pop lol . Michael jackson does have a high voice but he is talented he has and still can write good songs . There is no diffrence between this music and nysnc not a wise idea to leave a band and then go solo and release the same kind of music . Obviously this is more style than substance meaning the songs lack any real meaning and he doesnt have a manly voice to back it up . when i think of good songwriters here are the people that come to mind john/paul of the beatles sting , jim morrison , billy joel , elton john -LRB- earlier stuff -RRB- all those people i just named are very versitile they have the ability to write about everything . When i think of musical geniouses i think of Brian wilson of the beach boys he pretty much ran the band . Secondly i think of Lindsey Buckingham the man behind Fleetwood mac he sings/songwrites arranges prodcues plays guitar and the banjo and other instruements . Good songwriting is a reflection on what a musicians intelligance level is and as u can tell from listening to justin it is not very high . And his main fan base is screaming young girls who are suckers for that kind of music would u call new kids and backsreet boys great bands absolutley not . You can not make a career singing this kind of music it is a fad and a fad dies rather fast . oh yah were is Ricky martin point proven
 I listened to a couple of tracks on this CD to see what the big deal was and I was really impressed at how little talent this guy has ! He ca n't sing ! Not a note ! I get more musical enjoyment out of hearing my two cats meowwing for their lunch !
 I think his voice is so bad , I cant believe I wasted my money . I thought it woul be a lot better then it was , too bad I cant return it after I open it . I would choose no star if I could .
 What it is n't
 what the hell why do u buy this crap ! i cant belive this this is sickk . all the songs smell.dont buy this all the songs copiedfrom diffrent singers.just waste of 20 $
 This cd was n't all that good to me . Is it me , or is he trying too hard to be Michael Jackson ?? There is only one M.J. and they 'll never be another . The man is a legend . Justin , you are trying TOO HARD !
 I 'm a big fan of all kinds of r & b , hip hop and pop music and it does n't matter to me what race or gender the artist is , let me make that straight . But this CD is an awful piece of work . He hooked up with Timbaland and Neptunes who tried to give him urban beats , but the album just sounds outdated , stale and justin 's whiny voice and corny songwriting clashes horribly . I 've never seen such horrible lyric writing from anyone as I have with justin . Even my 7 year old cousin can write better poetry than this loser . Avoid at all costs .
 This album is horrible , just horrible ! I only bought it because janet jackson was on it and because cry me a river was alright , but it sounds really stale and whiny now , just like the rest of justin 's vocals and his god-awful songwriting . I 'm glad that this dude is over and that people are buying Usher 's music instead . But what you should really buy to make up for this god-awful album is anything from michael jackson or janet jackson , especially got to be there , ben , music & me , off the wall , thriller , bad , dangerous , HIStory , invincible , control , rhythm nation , janet , velvet rope , all for you and the brand new damita jo . because justin is just an imitator and a horrible one too . ` Music Fan from usa ' said it all . Justin is guilty of bringing garbage to my ears , and michael is innocent . -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- . The poor boy could n't even play the piano up there , what a joke !
 he just is n't very good , and he does n't make very good music . I do n't like the sound of it , does n't appeal to me . Sorry to all of you fans , just my opinion
 With this cd in print , I started to shiver , my palms started to sweat , and my ears swelled in torture . Arrest the man who gave this idiot a record deal . It is a crime against humanity .
 This is not a good CD . This does n't even deserve to be next to a good CD on the shelf . This is pure , unfiltered white bread , `` hip '' music with all the edges smoothed . Justin has been proclaimed `` the next Michael Jackson '' . I 'd say he 's more likely to be `` the next Tony Orlando '' - if he 's lucky . Buy an Aaron Carter CD if you want the real deal .
 How can Justin be Justifed in puting out a told pase of crap . So because he was in a hafe why good boyband he gets to make a solo album . By hearing this album it sounds like he is trying to hard to be a white Michael Jackson . Good going Justin be like a guy that is a nute job . If you think that is album is the best of all time you are stuped and gay and if you do n't like me call you that then cry me a f**king river . The album make me what to suck on a gun and shoot my salfe . Why do you people like this guy . If this is his best work my God help his sorry ass .
 cry me a river and take me now are the only good songs on this CD , do n't waste your money . Spend it on a michael jackson album instead , you wo n't regret it . No one likes justin or cares for him , people I encounter in the younger crowd like Usher more than Justin , and some appreciate michael jackson too as a musician , Justin is a nobody ! And if he was really all that and proved to be a mainstay , why did this CD sell barely 3 million copies and only peaked at # 2 on Billboard 200 despite all the hype at the time of the release ? If he was really all that , he would have sold much more than N Sync 's No Strings Attached which is at 11 million copies , it 's so obvious . The only successful solo star from a boyband is michael jackson when he did his solo career , he sold millions and millions with his brothers , but solds millions and millions more than he did with his brothers once he went solo , now THAT is what I call outdoing group members , take a hint !
 Am I like the only person who 's not buying this stuff ? CDs are so over-rated nowadays that it 's getting insane . Why is he even selling his music for his body ? People are buying artists merchandise and music because of their bodies , and what the media tells them to like . Nobody will speak up anymore . I do n't know about you , but it 's certainly not my fault that Justin Timberlake sounds like a barking Chihuahua . His songs were better than they were with N * Sync . I ca n't believe what happened to him . He used to be singing about good relationships with girls and now he 's going into sex , and what 's all this -LSB- stuff -RSB- about `` I 'll have you naked by the end of this song '' ?! I think he 's trying to make Britney jealous . I do n't know about you , but I wish that the `` old Justin '' would some back . ...
 this is certainly one of the worst albums ever made in recording history.this guy can neither sing or dance.remember if it is justin then it stinks.avoid at all costs.get any ramones cd instead .
 Senorita - I like this song a nice beat nuptunes i suspect . 8/10Like I Love You - This song is so boy bandish i thought he was trying to go soulo disappionted . 6/103 . What You Got , -LRB- Oh No -RRB- - Skipped it after the 1st 2 minuets . Its alright nothing special 6/10Take It From Here - Not impressed 6/10Cry Me A River - I liked this song it was good because of timberland Justins vocals are n't the best . He should of thanked britney for making him sell as much as he did . 7/10Rock Your Body - This is one of the best songs on the album . 8/10Nothin ' Else - Goes down hill from here on out . 6/10Last Night - Alright not thrilled . 4/10Still on My Brain - He should of just named his cd single life . 5/10Take Me Now , -LRB- And She Said -RRB- - -LRB- featuring Janet Jackson -RRB- - Boring and corny . He has too much of the same songs honestly how much songs can a person do with the same concept 3/10Right For Me - I did n't even listen to the full song . 3/10Let 's Take A Ride - Boring . Needed a new brethe of fresh air so unoriginal 4/10Never Again - This is the only song that he really bares his true feelings about 9/10 kinda sappy
 I bought this because my music collection contains very little pop and I quite liked Cry Me A River . Some decent beats that initially hold your interest are not enough to cover up the content which is a guy singing about how much he loves himself . I give this album 2 stars as its a solid enough rip off of MJ and I give myself 1 star for handing over the cash for it and feeding the machine !
 Wow , this has got to be one of the most innovative albums of all time . Seriously , all pop music is great , but this just takes the cake . Justin Timberlake obviously does n't give a you-know-what about selling records , he just cares about making great music . The lyrics on here are totally original and obviously heartfelt . It must have taken the people who wrote them years . I also ca n't belive how hard Justin is . I 'm pretty sure he grew up in Compton or something , because he is just one tough dude . What I would n't give to be as `` pimpin ' '' as he is . In conclusion , if you 're in the mood for something innovative and fresh , buy this . Do n't buy it if you 're looking for pop though , because this is just pure R&B ! * Laughs hysterically at the people who took this review seriously *
 I was a bit taken back when I listened to this recording . The material on this album is far below Justin 's talent . He said in many interviews that he wanted `` to spread his wings '' , but this recording is ground-bound . The only potential flight is `` Like I Love You '' , which is an innovative hip-hop salsa type record . The rest of the CD falls short of acceptable . This record was rushed in every sense of the word . A sorry fate for a debut solo recording .
 Okay everyone , I 've noticed how this `` singer '' if you can call him that , has been overhyped . Why ? Why waste your time even overhyping this hyena . Literally , I 'm not a teeny bop hater , but he puts all music to shame as he appeals to the three to four year olds.No track is worth listening to . I 've seen some reviewers give this album 1 star but still say some of his songs are great . Come one , who are you fooling.If anyone can name one song that is unique in its own way , please , shoot me in the head . Yes he 's literally immitating Michael Jackson , the genius ! Michael Jackson is a genius , so how can this wiesel even consider comparing himself to The King of Pop . JT also labels himself the King of Pop/Prince of Pop whatever , hahahahaha , even the MJ haters would disagree.Also while skimming through these reviews , I could tell that some ten year olds or pre teens have submitted some comments regarding the fact that `` JT is awesome and MJ is horrible '' . Its moments like these when you can firmly say that , well , if kids of this generation think MJ is a bad artist , and JT is an incredible , artist , the world must end.If JT can even get recognized for his performance , if you can even call it a performance , then why ca n't talented musicians , literally struggling to be noticed , are n't . Its simply not fair.Even legends have our time have been surpassed by JT only because he has been OVERHYPED . Look at Cyndi Lauper whom released a successful debut in 1983 . Her record sold 6 million copies . Look at Alicia Keys ! I mean she is definetly full of talent taking her inspirations off of great artists like Whitney Houston , Aretha Franklin , the Jacksons/Janet/Michael , The Temptations and so on . Her new album has sold 2 million copies while Justins has sold nearly 3.5 . Oh ya , I forgot , the little kids rushed to the stores to buy this man/woman/whatever he is 's album.Also take a notice , Alicia Keys takes key elements and uses inspiration from other legends , but she never immitates them . She has her own style . JT still has n't learned . I do n't know if he ever will.Also before I draw an end to my review , I must say that no one in the public wants to hear a song about Britney and making her jealous . Do that personally , because we are bored . I 'm speaking for millions out there . I 'm also going to speak for millions of people whom are disgusted by Janet 's new ripoff album.The following are albums you want to get ! : Alicia Keys
 What happens when an over hyped boy band singer gets with an over hyped producer ? You get Justified ! I am so sick of hearing people stick up for this kid , it 's wack . He has no talent , please just go and listen to his music ! This is just another Elvis act that brings white suburban kids to the record store . This music is safe kids , you do n't need to worry about not fitting in , everyone is buying it ! An over hyped Elvis act this kid makes me sick . Rich little brat who buys all the good producers and then makes even more money , more and more money . Rich people getting richer not really giving us anything important or artistic , just making a few bucks off of worthless garbage . This guy has no talent , he has no soul at all . His voice sounds like a little wisp , sort of like a short breezes that dies after it hits a big tree . He brings nothing to the table , in the realm of R&B he 's the annoying tag along kid brother . R and B before 1990 sucks anyways , I give this the boot and with that I 'll put my foot back ... give the music back to the people not rich kids who trounce onto the music scene and get popular in a genre they do n't belong in -LRB- i.e. . The Strokes and our man Justin -RRB- . And spare me this R&B crap and spare me the stupid dance moves that everyone says is SO AMAZING . If your good at dancing go to the club but for everything that is holy do n't go an make an R&B album .
 Give me a freakin ' break - this album sucks . Justin is so desperate for attention it 's pathetic . His whiny vocals are irritating and do n't get me started on the lyrics . Justin needs to get over Britney Spears , hire a GOOD writer and take some singing lessons because he SUCKS . This guy needs to quit his music career . And what 's with him thinking he 's black ? Give it a rest , buddy - nobody but you thinks it 's `` cool '' . People that are the same race are annoyed , blacks are pissed off and other races are just laughing at you . Thanks for making us the laughing stock you immature punk .
 hmmmmm ... lets all sell our soul to satan because its more coneniant that way . Justin Timberlake is awesome . There is no better way to insult sellouts than comparing them to justin timberlake . Did anyone see him cry on punk 'd ? What is happening to the state of men these days ? Why ca n't we keep our balls and chest hair like real men ? If you are a teeny bop chick and like this , you will grow out of it someday . If you are already grown ... hmmmm ... get help ! The meterosexual thing is a fad and will pass ... you will see
 why would he try to copy a genius like michael jackson ? give me a break . this guy is helpless and clueless , and the people who buy this album have the same size of a brain this guy has .
 THIS CD IS AWFUL ! PLEASE IF YOU WANT GOOD MUSIC , THEN DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ! Just read the other bad reviews this CD got and you 'll understand why !
 I do n't understand why Justin Timberlake is hyped up so much . There are a few good songs on here , but nothing that really captures my attention . Senorita has to be one of the stupidest songs I 've ever heard . Justin got a big head after his N'Sync departure . His talent was showcased much better back then , although Justin insists that he 's so much better off without the rest of the guys and his material is 10 times better . Sorry Justin , but this does n't cut it . There is no way that Justin could be the next ` king of pop ' . He 's not even close to deserving that title and to put him in the same classification as Michael Jackson would be absolutely ridiculous .
 There is good music , and there is bad music . There is also oh-my-god-i-f-i-ever-hear-that-wretched-sound-again-im-going-to-scream-my-head-off-and-run-hystericlly-in-circles music . And this defitly falls under the third catagory.Justin 's week attempt at a solo album where every song sounds the same is not with a penny . He souds like a cross between a retarded elephand and a mentally unstable women . Go out and buy something worth the money .
 On the radio a DJ introduced one of Timberlakes songs with the statement `` the Elvis Presley of the 21st century '' . I think its a crime against humanity to compare JT to Elvis Presley . Elvis was the most influencial performer in popular music history with a talent and charisma that JT could only dream of.Lets see if JT will top the charts 19 times , sell in excess of 1 BILLION records or still have people listening to him in 50 years.JT doesnt deserve to be mentioned in the same sentence as Elvis Presley.Elvis will still be attracting new fans when JT is all but a bad memory .
 man , this album is a joke . i ca n't believe anyone would actually pay money for this worthless album . i would pay somebody to destroy this album rather than buy it . justin timberlake , and pretty much all other pop -LRB- aka crap -RRB- music needs to disappear . and the people that listen to it . man , these loser teenagers need to find some better music . i 'm 17 years old , and i , at least , know good music . none of today 's `` artists '' can write any decent lyrics . it 's all just a bunch of nonsense wrapped together . so , to sum up , all of today 's pop `` musicians '' , along w / all rap artists too , need to pack up and find different jobs . and the people that listen to it need to go listen to some good albums , like dylan , springsteen , or the beatles .
 What has happened to music ? When did music start revolving around teenage girl 's fantasies ? This music is so watered down and sappy that if it were any sappier it 'd be coming out of a maple tree . Please do yourself a favor and listen to real pop artists with talent . Go buy a Beach Boys album , go get `` Off the Wall '' or `` Thriller '' , go get a Jewel album , anything but this commericalized drivel . Their is a reason as to why Justin Timberlake got booed mercilessly off the stage in Toronto . This music is the reason.Final Verdict
 Orlando-based pretty boys N'Sync first exploded on the scene selling their cute faces & annoying , catchy singles to teenage girls in early 1998 . Their copy-cat formula worked as their self-titled debut album spawned 4 Top Ten singles and went on to sell over 10 million units in just one short year . The success continued on their sophomore album , No Strings Attached , which featured the same image & subject matter as their first album did and sold over 13 million units . But thats when lead heart-throb Justin Timberlake started to get behind the boards for the band . Drawing in all his musical influences while producing , the outcome , 2001 's Celebrity was the most well precived album by critics , though fans really did n't know what to make of it . Now that Justin is solo , we can really get to know N'Sync 's most musical member up close and personal.After just a few minutes of listening , its very clear that N'Sync 's cookie cutter , tiger beat image was holding Justin back from being the artist he dreamed of . The album is a well blended mix of hip-hop , RnB and soul with very little -LRB- if any -RRB- pop feeling . The beats are intresting , but they are much to much for Justin 's developing lyricism , because they are so obnoxious that they demand your attention over the actual words . There are exceptions though , such on the Neptune 's produced first single `` Like I Love You '' -LRB- Featuring hip hop group The Clipse -RRB- and the Timbaland produced classic `` Cry Me a River '' . However , most of the album is produced by the Neptunes & Timbaland , who are most known for their unique sound & almost all of rap 's bangers , which does n't agree with Justin 's subject matter.Its very hard to sing about love or relationships when you have space-age blinging going on in the background . Its a shame too , because Justin 's lyrics should be the main attraction here . The sexual nature of his album which includes talking of positions and wild nights with females will definetly seperate him from his past . But the problem is that most of the album 's tracks are hardly memorable -LRB- ` Seniorita ' , ` What you Got ' , ` Lets Take a Ride ' , ` Last Nite ' -RRB- and at times boring . It turns out N'Sync style tracks , such as the ballad `` Never Again '' seem to fit Justin best.The album is n't all that it could have been and its very disappointing considering the positive critical reviews it received from both magazines and tv . It looks as if Justin will continue to win polls such as ` Who Do You Want to see Naked Most ' rather then ` Who is the Best Pop-Star of all Time ' . Justin falls short on this album and it looks as if is only future really is within the comfort boundries of N'Sync ...
 This album is not what I expected ... in a strange way all the songs seem to relate to Britney ... and who cares about there relationship ... Justin is so talented and I just expected so much more from him ... I must say I am hurt by the outcome of this album .
 Justin Timberlake 's first solo album is , I have to say , a bit of a dissapointment . There is a few great tracks on this album but they are outwayed by the series of bland and sometimes annoying songs that make up the majority . The tracks that were released as singles , ` Like I love you ' , ` Cry me a River ' , and ` Rock your Body ' are by far the best on the album , ` Rock your Body ' actually being one of the best songs released by any artist in the past months , but unfortunity these tracks are the only highlights on the album . The exception to this is ` Take me Now ' , a collaberation with superstar Janet Jackson , which is a break from the HUm-Drum of most of the albums non released tracks.Overall , I would have to tell Justin to stick to his boy band day job .
 I am a fan of N'Sync so I thought that I would like this CD , especially when several people compared it to the older stuff by Michael Jackson . WRONG !!! There is one song on the CD that is good but the rest is trash . I do n't know where he went wrong with all of the help he had but he should just stick to N'Sync . He has a nice voice but this does n't work at all . Do n't waste your money buying this unless it is a used one and you spend next to nothing , or better yet just buy his single .
 Worth pondering for a second , is Justin Timberlake a great singer and performer . Mmmm ... I Wonder ... NO . No , he is a rip-off , albeit a good one , good enough for people to buy his CD . He is a complete copy of Michael Jackson . But Michael Jackson wrote and performed good music . Justin Timberlake could never come up with classics such as Billy Jean or Thriller , he comes up with stereotypical pop music like everyone else . There 's nothing special about this guy , he ca n't sing , Cry Me A River has some horrible , whiny vocals and occasinonally in some songs he tries to beat box , what a fool ! Sure he can dance , but thats the end to his talents . Maybe he 'd be better as a dancer in theatre somewhere , but just please not on my TV ! Sorry Justin , you 're ` good looks ' and ` personality ' do n't fool me , go off and dance somehwere , have I justified my opinion ?
 this is one of the worst male artists i 've EVER heard ... he has absolutly no talent ... i wish i could rate him a -26 cuz i would ... he sounds so much like a girl that when he comes on the radio i think hes britney spears -LRB- who i might add sux as well ... except for her song Toxic -RRB- but i have no clue why any record company would even sign him to their label ... he 's good if ur 7 or 8 yrs old but if u want REAL music listen to linkin park ... in other words ... JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE SUX !!!!!!!!!!
 First off let me say that I have been counting down the days until Justified came out . I 'm a huge fan of NSYNC and Justin as well , and was looking forward to hearing what he could do on his own . `` Like I Love You '' had my hopes up , but when I listened to the CD I was very disappointed , to say the least ... It was all I could do to get through the whole CD , and my recommendation is to listen to some samples before you buy this CD . I should have ...
 Tell Me That This Is A Joke , right ! This Guy has no voice , Novisable or audible talent Whatsoever ! The material is totalGarbage , and to record him on anything is a total waste ofraw materials . Save your money for real music and download him into the recycle bin !
 Justin used to be my favorite singer -LRB- what a surprise ! -RRB- in the summer of ' 04 , and my friend loved him , too . Until the Superbowl , with the one and only Janet Jackson -LRB- yay ... -RRB- and the whole ` malfunction ' , and then we relaized he has issues . Some of his songs I can listen to , but they annoy me so bad . So , one day me and my friend went outside with a pair of goggles and smashed the CD ... how good it felt . So , for the safety of your ears , do not buy this CD .
 Okay everyone , I 've noticed how this `` singer '' if you can call him that , has been overhyped . Why ? Why waste your time even overhyping this hyena . Literally , I 'm not a teeny bop hater , but he puts all music to shame as he appeals to the three to four year olds.No track is worth listening to . I 've seen some reviewers give this album 1 star but still say some of his songs are great . Come one , who are you fooling.If anyone can name one song that is unique in its own way , please , shoot me in the head . Yes he 's literally immitating Michael Jackson , the genius ! Michael Jackson is a genius , so how can this wiesel even consider comparing himself to The King of Pop . JT also labels himself the King of Pop/Prince of Pop whatever , hahahahaha , even the MJ haters would disagree.Also while skimming through these reviews , I could tell that some ten year olds or pre teens have submitted some comments regarding the fact that `` JT is awesome and MJ is horrible '' . Its moments like these when you can firmly say that , well , if kids of this generation think MJ is a bad artist , and JT is an incredible , artist , the world must end.If JT can even get recognized for his performance , if you can even call it a performance , then why ca n't talented musicians , literally struggling to be noticed , are n't . Its simply not fair.Even legends have our time have been surpassed by JT only because he has been OVERHYPED . Look at Cyndi Lauper whom released a successful debut in 1983 . Her record sold 6 million copies . Look at Alicia Keys ! I mean she is definetly full of talent taking her inspirations off of great artists like Whitney Houston , Aretha Franklin , the Jacksons/Janet/Michael , The Temptations and so on . Her new album has sold 2 million copies while Justins has sold nearly 3.5 . Oh ya , I forgot , the little kids rushed to the stores to buy this man/woman/whatever he is 's album.Also take a notice , Alicia Keys takes key elements and uses inspiration from other legends , but she never immitates them . She has her own style . JT still has n't learned . I do n't know if he ever will.Also before I draw an end to my review , I must say that no one in the public wants to hear a song about Britney and making her jealous . Do that personally , because we are bored . I 'm speaking for millions out there . I 'm also going to speak for millions of people whom are disgusted by Janet 's new ripoff album.The following are albums you want to get ! : Alicia Keys
 I bought this CD because I really liked Justin Timberlake when he was with N'Sync . Believe me when I say that I had high hopes for this album and really wanted to like it . His first single , `` Like I Love You '' is the only good song on the whole CD . The first song on this CD `` Senorita '' is just plain stupid and the rest of the songs are just plain boring .
 I had an unfortunate opportunity to listen to this album . I gave it a chance . I kept an open mind and I 'm sorry but this album is -LSB- without merit -RSB- . I do n't know why he 's been getting that much recongnition , he does n't deserve it . You could easily tell -LSB- his style is similar to MJ -RSB- . If I wan na hear MJ , I 'll listen to the REAL MJ . The Neptunes and Timbaland are overused , and the quality of the album is evidence . The songs go from bad to worse . The same sounds are tiring ...
 I really liked Justin 's single `` Like I Love You '' after I saw the music video for it on TV . I thought his `` new sound '' was kinda cool . So when his new CD `` Justified '' came out , I went out and bought it . Big mistake . It totally -LSB- is bad -RSB- . It was a total waste of money to purchase that CD . I think that Justin needs to stick with 'N Sync and `` pop '' music . It 's what he 's good at . Hip Hop is just not his thing .
 because this album is a piece of garbage . It has one or two memorable parts but for all the waiting , work , and hype , this album promised all & delivered nothing . It 's like ordering a pizza and getting raw dough .
 This album is just horrible . Justin sounds like a girl singing -LRB- and hes not even good at that -RRB- . Plus he broke up with Britney Spears , and that proves that he is a complete loon . DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !!
 Ugh ! is all I have to say about this CD . All my friends said it was great , so I actually bought this hunk of junk ! That was the biggest music mistake I 've ever made , and i 've made a few . I think I like about 1 song on this CD , and that 's Cry Me A River , and boy , did I ! When I found out I blew 15 bucks on this excuse for music!And you know what I ca n't get over !? How vain he is ! There 's like 12 pictures of this guy on a hidden poster where the lyrics are supposed to be written ! This guy is unbeleivable!I wish I could give him 0 stars!I guess you can shake your but to the beat , but there 's not much of a beat . Speaking of wich , I was skimming through the CD to test something , and I was right ! In each individual song , they do the same beat over and over and over and over ... All the only uncontinuos thing are the lyrics , and they just SUCK.Whew ! I 'm glad I got that off my chest !
 this guy just cant sing at all . i wonder on what category did this nerd get his grammy award . this album is full of deplorable and cheesy pop songs.avoid this crap like the plague .
 Oh , my gosh . That one kid is such a Kogeko . And omg , these people are crazy . For one thing with artists like Cyndi Lauper , Naomi Tamura , and The Corrs out there . That do n't even get recognized for their great talents . It 's pretty sad that this loser gets a CD . He 's just an annoying little boy who thinks he 's funny when he 's not . `` Do n't be scurred ! '' what the hell is that ? WHAT A LOSER . Btw , I think that George Gotfryd should come out with a new CD , he 's the best !!!! GO GOLDEN GIRLS FOREVER !!!! PIMPLES . FABRICS , FABRICS , AND MORE FABRICS .
 Did I just mention that this wannabe is gay.Oh I think I did.All he can do is try to sing , Dance and grab his nuts like Michael Jackson.Nothing new here just old style pop/Rnb crap.I beg u please make good use of your money.Give it to charity I do n't care what u do with it just please avoid this album.It 's a pity I had to give it at least one star .
 While I felt this debut album was OK for my 41-year-old self , I 'd be very hesitant to let my 10-year-old listen to someone singing about getting `` nekkid '' by the end of the dance .
 All I have to say is that Justin Timberlake has to die . His singing sucks , the beats are overused and annoying , and he 's just a self-centered muthaf *** er . He needs to get N-Sync back so they can all be in the same place when I bomb it . Do not waste your money on this pop crap .
 Justin Timberlake is one of the least talented performers of all-time . He became famous for being a singer in a boy band , for those of you do n't know boy bands put 5 singers in a band because maybe one of them could sing . Then some idiot gave him a solo contract so idiots can buy this CD , then the people who buy this album will regret it in a few years.Quoting the worlds smartest insult comic dog Triumph `` Does he rap , does he sing , he does n't know what to suck at . ''
 Based on all the hype and awards this album received , you would think its a masterpiece , but it 's in fact complete and total CRAP !! I 've never heard such a bad pop album in my life , it 's truly awful to listen to ! The only half-decent song is Cry me a River , but even that song is just a lame attempt at publicity at someone else 's expense . It was produced for pure shock value , which makes me sick ! As for the rest of the album , literally 99.9 % of it is crap filler and not even worth a second listen ! I 'm amazed at how hyped this album has become because it 's truly not worth any kind of recognition ! Bypass this atrocity at all costs !!
 The music world is really suffering these days because of untalented fairies like Justin Timberbole ... err . . Timbertripe ... whatever the hell his name is.Music was once about joy , fun , creativity , musicianship , and talent . '' Singers '' like JT have ruined everything thats beautiful about music and singing , and replaced it with boring , lifeless , wimpy sounding vocals and computer generated backing tracks.This type of music appeals to uncultured teenage goons who enjoy hanging out at shopping malls pretending to be really '' cool '' . I just hope that one day these kids will mature and think as individuals and not worry so much about what people think of them . Maybe then they will break free and explore the amazing amount of great music that has been created by singers and musicians over the past several decades , and not just base their musical tastes on what every other teenager listens to.I know that Timbertrip will fizz out just like all the talentless stars before him . I just hope what comes next isnt even worse . This type of '' music '' is really depressing and enraging . Please do yourself a favour and avoid it at all costs . It doesnt even deserve one star .
 ok . this cd was i guess one of the MOST anticipated cd 's of 2002 . i bought it . i heard it was good . i bought it the day it came out . i heard it . and that was the only time i heard it . i gave it away the next week . it is that bad seriously . like the only good solid song is `` cry me a river '' . the rest of the album lacks good lyrics and it 's like the same thing every song . it 's either heartbreak , or oh no there 's this girl there that i want . like yea it 's really him , but it 's just the same thing over and over on those two subjects . i definitely thought it was going to be better . the only songs that i did n't bother listening to that time were `` cry me a river '' , `` senorita '' , and `` rock your body '' . the rest are not as good . like i have no clue why this cd is getting rave reviews when it should n't be . i thought justin could do better . look justin it 's like this ... boy band or bust !
 Sorry to say it , but Justin really does n't cut it with this album . First off , it makes me wan na be the LAST person in line to ever date him , with the way he slams his ex -LRB- Britney -RRB- in half the songs ! Almost every track is extremely self-centered , boastful and even obnoxious . I 've never taken a side in the Justin/Britney situation , but this album sure makes me want to give poor Brit a shoulder to cry on ! Justin also considers himself a pimp , as is evident in the never-ending sexual innuendos . Does n't this guy ever get sick of himself ? BOTTOM LINE
 This album just plan sucks ! It 's such a shame that there was so much hype around Justin at the time that his and Nick Carter 's albumNow or Nevercame out that Nick 's album did n't sell as well as his . And Nick 's album is 10x better ! I still listen to it and it came out years ago ! Justin is some hip-hop artist wan na be ! Nick was true to himelf by doing a combo of rock and pop . People , if you want to hear a better album get Nick 's !
 Overall the songs and the production are not bad , almost any other male singer could make these songs decent . His voice is high pitched and does n't work well with Urban contemporary music . His is best suited to well-crafted Dance-Pop music . I strongly suggest you listen to samples from the CD , as to avoid dissappointment . -LRB- ... -RRB- I hope my short review was helpful to you .
 I hated N'SYNC , but thought Timberlake could be the new king of POP minus the MJ history of controversy . So I kinda assumed this CD like MJ 's Off the Wall , would be distance it self from the group that made him famous.So I thought `` Justified '' would be the new `` Off the Wall '' . In a way it was . Like Off the Wall MJ worked with the top producers , and had some good music , but JT working with Neptunes and Timberland is not going to work , Timberland and Neptunes music sound to much off the same.Timberlake should 've work with more experiance producers , not hip-hop producers -LRB- not that Im not a fan of hip-hop -RRB- . JT can be the next MJ and even better -LRB- maybe not -RRB- . But he needs to find a more R&B sound , not hip-hop . For Timberlakes next solo , he should go the `` Thiller '' route and do somthing TOTALLY DIFFERENT and sound the good doing it .
 i was seriously disappointed when i picked this one up . i 'm an nsync fan , so i figured i 'd go ahead an get this one . big mistake . first off ... what 's so special about this limited edition ? it 's a digi-pak ? wow ! so what . they are a pain to store , and just not an improvement at all . and for someone so vain , he couldve at least through something enhanced , like some pictures or something . and the music . he whines through most of the songs , and he seems to think he 's michael jackson 's re-incarnate . a couple of songs are really good , but the rest just put me to sleep . surely not worth my money . i highly recommend you preview this on a listening station at the store before spending your money . make sure you like the style of the whole album , because the rest of the album is not even remotely near as good as the first single Like I Love You .
 When I heard the new single on the radio , I can remember really liking it and immediately going to download it . Since then , I 've played `` Like I Love You '' probably a hundred times so I was looking forward to hearing the entire album Justified . What I found was pure disappointment ... in fact , `` Like I Love You '' is probably the only good song on the whole album which makes it very disappointing the single rules the album . Most of the songs sound the same and seem to transport back to a mix of Marvin Gaye and Michael Jackson . The only other track I found on the CD I 'll even listen to besides `` Like I Love You '' is `` Nothin Else '' . `` Nothin Else '' reminds me of some songs Timbaland produced for Nicole such as `` This Time I 'm Gon na Make Ya Hot '' . All in all , a very disappointing debut from an artist with tons and tons of potential ... just stick more to the formula of `` Like I Love You '' and the lyrics will shine on the next album .
 I love how this album has gone up on Amazon 's sales ranking since the superbowl controversy . Way to go people . Buy an album from an idiot seeking publicity .
 justin is sooooooo overrated ! i ca n't believe what he did at the superbowl ! im also wondering why he was even at the superbowl . do n't waste your money on this junk .
 PLEASE STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS AWFUL ALBUM WHICH IS BAD BEYOND DESCRIPTION.HORRIBLE OVERRATED ALBUMS LIKE THIS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DECLINE OF THE RECORDING INDUSTRY.I DONT SEE EVEN A PIN DROP SIZE WORTH OF TALENT IN THIS AWFUL GUY WHO WAS AN UNJUST WINNER OF THE GRAMMY AWARD.DISPOSE THIS LOUSY CD OFF IMMEDIATELY AND GET ANY ALBUM FROM FLEETWOOD MAC INSTEAD .
 '' ... Timberlake shines when he moonwalks into more adult terrain , turning his back on the innocent dance pop that put 'N Sync on the charts . With the help of hip-hop producers Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo of the Neptunes , Timbaland , and P. Diddy , Timberlake has turned out a remarkably cohesive and sophisticated slice of club-friendly R&B. ; `` Once again you have some 20-something year old boy who relies on his cheap sexuality and big name producers to catapult him to the top of the so-called R&B ; and Pop charts . There is no originality or anything else that makes this album standout . Can you picture someone in the future imitating Justin Timberfake 's style ? The answer is that you ca n't because just like his female counterpart Joss Stone , Justin Timberfake has no unique style of his own and is forever imitating big name R&B ; singers like - guess who ? - Michael Jackson . It has me wondering if he ever went to the Neverland Ranch for one of those infamous sleepovers for warm milk and cookies . Anyway , we all know that Justin actually sounds like a wench when he sings and if he did n't throw in the MJ vocal style , say some raunchy stuff , and had the Neptunes and Timbaland producing , then folks would quickly lose interest in the album . He 's basically not a good singer , get it ? The only song on this CD that is okay is `` Cry Me A River . '' My friend read the Amazon editorial review for `` Justified '' asked me what was `` club-friendly R&B. ; '' I told her I had no idea but that it sounds scary . Anyway , `` Justified '' is only a parody of Michael Jackson 's `` Off The Wall . '' And if any of you believe for a second that Justin Timberake will be hailed as an icon like Michael Jackson , Stevie Wonder , or James Brown , you 're going to be in for a rude awakening .
 This is definitely a mediocre album . He 's the most blatant Michael Jackson wannabe there ever was . He does n't even TRY to be original . Could `` Rock Your Body '' be any MORE similar to Michael 's 1979 song `` Rock With You '' ? Does n't `` Senorita '' remind you way too much of Michael 's 1983 song `` P.Y.T '' ? Justin , try to be a liitle more original on your next album - if there even is a next album ?
 `` Justified '' , the multi-platinum debut album from singer / songwriter / ex-N ` Sync member Justin Timberlake , justifies -LRB- pun intended -RRB- my discontent for his music and my disliking towards his superficial personality . Ok , so he does have a strong voice and a very sweet falsetto , but this album is generally nothing more than mass-marketed Teen Pop masquerading as an artistic landmark . Succumbing to lusty urges & deliberately destroying the career of one of the most influential singers in music history -LRB- Janet Jackson -RRB- for the sake of one 's own viewing pleasure is bad enough , but fooling millions into believing that `` Justified '' is a great album when it 's generally anything but , sickens me.Alright , so there are a few gems that can be found on this disappointing debut . Lusty , candy-coated Dance-Pop gems like `` Like I Love You -LRB- feat . The Clipse -RRB- '' & `` Rock Your Body '' - the latter one which features some surprisingly nice beat-boxing skills from Justin Timberlake - are way too infectious for the typical club-goer to deny , especially when it 's The Neptunes who are providing the club-ready , minimalist beats & grooves -LRB- in fact , the legendary production duo are responsible for most of the album 's production -RRB- . `` Senorita '' is a slightly upbeat , charming ode of love to the sexy ladies over some Latin-tinged production & piano keys . `` Cry Me A River '' , by far the album 's best track , is a powerful ballad where Justin 's emotional vocals sound both heartbroken and mercilessly angry at the same time over Timbaland 's stellar production.Unfortunately , there 's nothing else that 's nearly as infectious or as emotionally convictional as the 4 aforementioned tracks -LRB- which just happened to be this album 's singles -RRB- . Justin carelessly croons , coos and whispers his lyrical web of cheesy metaphors and unconvincing lies to a female audience dumb enough to believe it all on the reeking-of-bulls *** ballad `` Take It From Here '' . One of Timbaland 's weakest beats are unwelcomely put to use on the lacklustre `` Oh No -LRB- What You Got -RRB- '' , a lazy , failed attempt at flirting with an anonymous female in a club that must 've been very low in energy , if not numbers . Then there 's the infectious beats that are wasted when Justin 's lusty desires churn out more corny come-ons on `` Take Me Now '' & `` Right For Me '' . The ballads do n't receive much blessing either , especially on the whiney reminiscence of `` Still On My Brain '' & `` Last Night '' -LRB- even though the latter track had a nice , bouncy beat that was put to waste -RRB- . What I hate most about this album is not the cheap filler tracks , but the fact that it 's Justin Timberlake not bothering to fully make use of his oft-lacklustre resources . Whether it 's his rotten relationship with Britney Spears , his former affiliation with chest Teen Pop phenomenon N'Sync and his obvious musical influence from Michael Jackson , Justin Timberlake leaves no stamp of authenticity or ownership over his music , which is ultimately what lets this album down . Honestly , almost anyone can sing this ice-cold pile of trash . There 's very little sense of ambition to pull much of this material very far . Only buy this if ... 1 . You 're too ignorant to acknowledge anything I 've said2 . You need proof that Justin Timberlake lacks enough of an identity to establish himself as a serious artist3 . You want too annoy your friends -LRB- ESPECIALLY if those friends are fans of Hip-Hop -RRB- Otherwise , just buy the singles & try your luck with `` FutureSex/LoveSounds '' , his no. 1 sophomore effort . 2 stars !
 Oh wow , people who like this kind of music make me sick ! Why not go listen to something worth listening to ... like maybe Led Zeppelin , or Cream , or even Elton John . This music is crap . The music industry is so downhill these days . I 'm embarassed for these under-talented , overrated retards . People , listen to something other than the horrible music that thrives today !!! P.S. that one star was because Amazon MADE me put it ... otherwise * gag *
 Drag queen ? Cause he lip synchs . Michael Jackson should get credit for Like I Love Ya - he copies everything about him post 1984 . In fact it would be cool to hear MJ do a cover of it . I wanted to throw up when I saw him `` perform '' the first cut from the album at the MTV VMA 's ... but I have too admit that the line `` You 're a good girl and that 's what makes me trust ya ' . '' is kind of catchy ... enough so that I was singing it to my cat this evening . It 's probably a subtle jab at Britney . Like Christina Aguilera he hires rappers on the album that are n't very smooth or articulate in any sense of the word . My reccomendation is to spend the 4.99 on the single if you must but the album itself is not going to get worn out from playing it a thousand times , like with Off The Wall of Thriller if you know what I mean .
 I am probably the only person who thinks this cd is a waste of time and money . Imagine it , the only songs I liked on it are the ones the were singles and videos . I read somewhere that most of these songs were written for Michael Jackson . That sounds about right , his last album sucked too . Also , has anybody seen the video for `` I 'm loving it '' ? Is n't it basicallly a rip-off of the video for `` The Way You Make Me Feel '' by Jackson ?? I 'll give Justin his props though , he can dance and is cute but pleeeease go back to N'Sync !!!
 Justin Timberlake is a pansy that thinks he can sing . What an idiot . His songs are crappy , his voice is crappy , he is , simply put , a big pile of crap . If you want music , do n't buy this crap and use the money for this CD to go towards buying a Pink Floyd , Green Day , Led Zepplin , Ozzy Osbourne , or U2 -LRB- one of the earlier U2 albums because their recent album `` How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb '' is n't very good -RRB- CD . Even a -LRB- I ca n't believe I 'm saying this -RRB- Kelly Clarkson CD would be worth more than this crap.If you have any brain cells , < u > DO NOT < / u > BUY THIS CD ! - Master Yoda ,15 , Swamp Road , Dagobah
 I DESPISE THIS LOSER JUSTIN.HE HAS MADE SOME OF THE MOST VAPID , TASTELESS , PUNGENT , REPULSIVE AND HORRID MUSIC EVER KNOWN TO MANKIND AFTER BRITNEY SPEARS AND ASHLEE SIMPSON.THIS LOSER SHOULD BE JAILED FOR MAKING SUCH HORRIBLE MUSIC.MY RATING IS A NEGATIVE BILLION STARS.PS : THE MUSIC ON THIS CD SUCKS.AVOID HIS FORTHCOMING CD AS WELL.GET CAT SCRATCH FEVER FROM TED NUGENT INSTEAD .
 Well , if you are looking for * NSYNC-esque dance hits , that `` dirty pop , '' or songs written by Max Martin , do n't waste your money . This is a very grown up Justin talking about grown up things . This album is definitely not for anyone under the age of 16 . `` Justified '' is full of very weak vocals , and songs about Britney ... I mean not so glamerous songs about Britney . There are a few tracks that are good to listen to . But if you want to stare off into space , than this is perfect for you !
 This guy was a nobody with his boyband and he still is a nobody.How could anybody call this garbage music.All the songs are typical cheesy pop songs with no substance whatsoever.The lyrics are laughable and his singing is mediocre at best.I couldnt find one song that I enjoyed throughout the whole album.He will be just another trend like britney spears , eminem and 50 cent.STAY AWAY FROM THIS CRAP !!!
 I think that Justins CD has no lyrical meaning at all , The 3 Songs that I even consider listening to are `` Never Again '' , `` Cry Me A River '' & `` Like I Love You '' B ' C it seems like Justin actually means the things that he says in those songs , The rest of the album gets on my nerves with the way he sings so many high notes , I Think Justin is a beautiful TALENTED man , If he 'd sing the way he did in `` Never Again '' I 'd buy every CD he ever put out , but I Think hes trying wayy to hard to fit in the R&B Category , I Think Justin Can do better for himself ...
 i wished that i never bought this Cd in the first place .1 -RRB- they over play his songs on the radio WAY too much .2 -RRB- He does better with * Nsync3 -RRB- his voice pitch makes me take an advil everytime i hear his songs because i get such a headache4 -RRB- he sounds like a girl trying to sing5 -RRB- Cry me a River is the only best song on there ... and it isnt that good of qualtiy6 -RRB- JC Chaez should be more famous than him ... he has a better voicemy reasons are up there why i dont like this CD . i wish that hed just put a lid on his voice
 This should deserve 0 stars . I mean , come on , if anybody here thinks this is original , then they obviously have no brains . And do n't give me that `` Well it 's not original but it 's still catchy , '' crap . How many times has it been done before ? Do you think the guy actually writes his own music ? Do you think he actually sings ? I did n't think anything could get worse than `` N'Stync '' but this takes the cake . And I 'm not one of those metalheads that thinks the only good music out there is people screaming , -LRB- although I do n't mind it at times -RRB- . People , music is dead . While there are still some somewhat talented people in the music bizz today , -LRB- ex . Tool -RRB- , the real talented musisicians were the people our parents listened to . Beatles , Floyd , Led Zep , Doors , Queen , Hendrix , Sabbath , even -LRB- yes -RRB- Elvis . They were the very first of their kind and they are the reason that crap like this is getting airtime on MTV . There has never been a band since the Beatles that got the attention of the entire world , although there have been some that came close . If you name one for me , I will personally throw out all of my CDs , and I have quite a few . So now , you ask me , `` what 's the point ? I like it all the same , it sounds good . '' It may sound good to you , but if you want to listen to garbage like this , do n't go around calling it music . It 's absolutely not ! Justin Timberlake is absolute trash ! He does not work hard . Things are handed to him on a silver platter . Do n't feel sorry for that piece of crap !! All he has to do is show his face and dance a little and move his mouth , and all you airhead teeny boppers automatically love him . Oh and , oh my god it 's so sad-he 's not with Britney anymore . Oh no !!! -LRB- ... -RRB- But at least she is n't as bad as Paris Hilton , do n't get me started . I better stop now , but let me tell you , I could go on all friggin day .
 I 'll admit , that when I first heard Like I Love U , I thought it was amazing , and I still think that , I thought his solo project would be great , that is not the case however as most of this album is just filler material , I was going to give this cd one star , but Janet guesting on the track And She Said Take Me Now , adds a star to it , hopefully he 'll realize that this mixture of R&B is n't going to work for him ...
 Uh oh , he 's back . His music sounds whack because he tries to be black . Just listen to every track . Innovative musical ability is what Justin really lacks . He ca n't find solo touch even if his brain had lojack . This cd is n't worth jack , so throw it out into your garbage sack .
 Avoid this one . Total crap . If I could give it zero stars , then I would have done . My wife bought it when it came out . I hated it , she loved it ... . for about a month . Now she hates it too . I think she only put out with the crappy tracks , so that she could hear the 2 biggest singles . Anyway , pretty soon afterwards she only played the 2 songs she liked . Now she does n't play the cd at all ... . unless it 's to drive me out of the house to do yard work . This cd is total , total garbage and does n't even match the standard of the worst N'sync cd . Buy it for your worst enemy , or do n't buy it at all . You have been warned .
 justin will never , ever be another michael jackson . And he will never be r & b , he 's just pop trash disguised as hip hop/r & b. Where would he be without timbaland & neptunes helping him out . They should have just saved their tracks for a real r & b artist . If you want true r & b music , go buy alicia keys CD
 justified is one of the most overrated and overhyped albums of this millenium and i wonder under what criterion did this clown get his grammy which he did not deserve at all.i see that he has been trying to copy roger waters on almost every song failing miserably in every attempt.avoid this crapfest of a cd and get the delicate sound of thunder from pink floyd instead .
 Just to make things clear , I did n't buy this album and never will . So , when he made the video to `` Cry Me A River '' , he thinks he 's cool dissing the more uncool Britney ? I do n't think so ! The song sounds like a tortured Michael Jackson and so much more to `` Rock Your Body '' which reminds me of the classic Jackson 5 ! I ca n't believe his imagining he 's the king of pop and that 's far from happening . No singing talent and no character . Stay away from this immitator ! I might have given him credit about something but I 've come up with the question ... `` Is there talent at all ? ''
 I notice this CD has 570 reviews . 570 ! Do I smell Justin 's management or army of teenybopper fans trying to slant the rating here?Some have compared Justin to Michael Jackson and/or Stevie Wonder . Let 's see , Michael in his prime -LRB- before he got totally bizzare -RRB- crafted fine pop/dance music with the help of Quincy Jones.Stevie Wonder is a one man music machine . He writes , plays -LRB- most of the intstruments on many of his classic albums -RRB- , sings with a heart of true soul , and is an excellent producer.The only thing I can figure is that this CD was recorded as a joke . If that is the case , then this is hilarious parody . Watching Justin gyrate and try to keep in rhythm is comical . His Stevie Wonder impression is tacky , worthless and hysterical.Can ' t wait to see him attempt to `` out-dance '' the self-proclaimed `` King of Pop . `` You want to hear great music of this kind , pick up Mr. Jackson 's first couple of solo CD 's or buy just about any Stevie Wonder album recorded after he gained complete creative control over his music . `` Music of My Mind , '' `` Talking Book , '' `` Innervisions , '' `` Fulfillingness First Finale , '' `` Songs of the Key of Life , '' are all masterpieces recorded in one astonishing four year period -LRB- 1972-1976 -RRB- . `` In Square Circle '' from the mid-1980 's is another excellent choice.Listen to any or all of these albums and you will see why I believe that Justin 's CD was actually put out as a joke with the guidance of `` Saturday Night Live '' or even the gang of idiots at Mad Magazine.Either that or Justin 's whole act is designed to appeal to just one person
 Untalented copycat/wannabe of the legendary genius that is MJ!He does not write those rubbish songs and he does not have a voice . Justified is a Neptunes album featuring Timberlake.Now he labelled himself the New King Of Pop . Everybody knows who was , still is and will forever be the King -LRB- MJ -RRB- Timberlake cant write songs , cant sing , cant dance etc. . He cant do ANYTHING ! untalented wannabeBad songs , bad album . Do n't waste your time and money on this . Keep away from Justified.I wish my review is helpful to music fans.thank you
 I bought this CD only because my girl janet is on it , and I loved like 2 other songs but I got over them fast and I felt as though his singing and songwriting skills were weak , as well as his dancing . And he was a sellout on the superbowl , it 's a good thing he 's not doing the motown 45 special anymore , he is a disgrace to music and deserves no such honor . Do us all a favour and find some better music to listen to instead of this punk
 NSYNC although i wass not a boy band fan had great songs and albums . I dont know where Justion lost that becausde as far as JUSTIFUED is concerned I wouldnt even make Sadaam listen to this album ... I swear if he didnt look like he does this album wouldnt have sold . and the fact Christina out staged him on tour everynight prooves this . I dont know hwat he was thinking making her go first he dancing , singing and stage show was better then his in everyway and her songs are acctually good .1 Senorita -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- 2Like I Love You -LRB- 6/10 -RRB- 3 -LRB- oh No -RRB- What You Got -LRB- 1/10 -RRB- 4Take It Frim Here -LRB- 3/10 -RRB- 5Cry Me A River -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 6Rock Your Body -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- 7Nothin ' Else -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- 8Last Night -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- 9Still On My Brain -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- 10 -LRB- And She Said -RRB- Take Me Now -LRB- 1/10 -RRB- 11Right For Me -LRB- 2/10 -RRB- 12Let 's Take A Ride -LRB- 2/10 -RRB- 13Never Again -LRB- 0/10 -RRB- overall grade 34.6 % F
 This is possibly the worst CD I have ever listened to . Not only are the songs all on the same subject matter , but I think they use the same 5 chords throughout the whole album . Then again , I do have to give him some credit for breaking the shackles of an even cheesier boy band.Way to go Justin , you improved upon your ` nsync follies - now let 's make an album that 's not total crap ... and please give Michael Jackson back his singing style .
 Justin banked on his N'Sync fame to garner reputable producers to pump up the funk factor in his new album . After some repeated listenings , one do not take long to surmise that Justin needs some time to produce good music . In `` Justified '' , he tried his very best to sound infectious funk pop , but the end result is just limp . `` Rock your body '' is an attempt to recycle '70s disco beat and fuse it with hip hop . Did he succeed ? Hardly .
 When it all boils down too it Justin thinks he is tough and black . Now , as the American public should know he is neither of those things . Infact he is n't even a very good singer ! The only acceptable reason for buying one of his c.d 's would be to make fun of it ! Anybody who buys this c.d to actually litsen too it has serious issues !
 The song `` Cry Me A River '' has to be THE worst song of the past ten years . It 's just beyond listenable . Painful to the ears . A total assault to the ears . Does this guy think he 's the next Michael Jackson ? Justin Timberlake 's falsetto vocals on this track are just embarrassing . And it 's pretty bad when the backup vocalist on your songs are better than your own . I think the female singer who sings `` talk to me , boy '' , on the song Rock Your Body , should get a recording contract of her own , not Justin . And it 's pretty scary that mostly girls under 16 , who are the majority of Justin 's fans , are hearing lyrics such as , `` Gon na have you naked by the end of this song . '' If i had a little daughter and she started singing lyrics like that , i 'd toss Justin 's cd in the trash and expose her to better music , not a marketing scam.Justin 's high falsetto vocals are probably the most annoying , worst thing your ears will be subjected to this or any year . He sounds like a losing contestant from American Idol .
 I originally bought this album just for Cry Me A River and the rest of the album was n't even close to good . I recommend you just digitally buy Cry Me A River or just listen to the album online before you buy it ... Even my Mom did n't like it and she loves everything ! Lol I just recommend you get his sophomore albumFutureSex / LoveSoundswhich is way better than this one !
 Justin Timberlake is one hard guy to categorize and maybe that is why I am not enjoying this release so much . This release has definite folk roots , but its melancholy and lushness takes it to a world of its own . Some may hear a little Coldplay , Tom Waits , Jeff Buckley , but again the similarities are just that as I am still having a hard time trying to disclose a listening experience that feels very intimate yet has a sweeping scale , and I do n't remember being seduced by a release that reveals itself a little at a time . Some do n't like Justin 's voice and everyone has a right to their opinion , but although I tend to love powerful soul balladeers , this voice has its own unique power and intimacy rarely seen in music with commercial appeal.In a nutshell , this CD has got to be experienced first-hand to truly appreciate it . My feeling is that you will love it or hate it depending on how you like your music . If you only like your music within easily definable genres -LRB- R & B , pop , rock , etc. -RRB- and sung by widely recognized great vocalists -LRB- Stevie Wonder , Sam Cooke , and say Seal to name a more contemporary singer -RRB- with strong pipes , this release may not be to your liking . On the other hand , if you are open to different sounds and see beauty in things that other people may find downright annoying , this may be what the doctor ordered . In a world of cookie-cutter musicians , and endlessly repetitive radio stations , this CD is a breath of fresh air . Everything about this album is masterfully put together ... the gorgeous instrumentals , stark vocals -- even the order of songs , beginning with slow and bittersweet and progressing to heart-wrenchingly desperate is genius . The style seems to come from all around , pulled out of the ethereal musical mist of past greats . Each song is laden with emotion and deep , introspective lyrics . The intimate melodies instantly tickle your ears . His vocal stylings yearn with passion , often pushing him to the edge with just the right amount of cracking to be the perfect envelope for the pain and passion being written about . His vocal and breath phrasings are unique and keep the songs interesting . I believe this album is for anyone who simply loves talent and beautiful art.What can be said about this album that has n't already been said ? Nothing , really , it is his chance to cleans himself of all the pain and guilt from his collapsing marriage . But beyond that , he does n't just go out and tell his pain in words , unlike other artists like Aaron Carter ` Crush On you ' ... But Seriously , instead he works his gift of poetry carefully around every line , simple songs that sound complex , lines that are n't overexplained , even if you have n't lived throught the same thing , you can still relate to the pain and conviction he runs through every line . And therein lies the power of this album , he 's never beat it , he 's never done anything better than it , and I really believe that it is possible that no one ever WILL make anything better than it , because although it has a theme , the songs do n't need each other to remind you the frailty of the human condition , they do n't preach to you , or go out and say `` Hey , you ! Pity me ! '' No , instead he slowly unravels every line , telling his story through tales of others , giving you the chance to read into it what you will.This is an anger record , there 's more than one song that can make you cry . The music , chords and everything , the do n't look like furious chords or style or anything , if you pay atention you might hear some melodic and happy tunes , but thats just the cover of an album filled with sad lyrics , and they are so well relatead that they will put you in his place , you will feel like a loner . It 's not like i enjoy bob pain , but this record is just indescriptible and filled with lost love , if that 's your case , you 'll identify yourselfe with this , and you will play it over and over.I listen `` Seniorita '' almost every day , so you know.Well done chap . The lyrics are simple enough to show that you 've been writing a while and no longer succumb to silly lyric standards . They 're also poignant and beautiful . Good stuff . The music is also a pleausre to listen to , just nice and acoustic , sometimes peaking into epicly large sonic soundscapes , sometimes content to stay conservitave . Nice to listen to for sure . I dunno if anyone told you though ... you just do n't have the pipes for the stuff you 're writing . I 'm sorry but you do n't . You write way out of your range and your falsetto is the worst I think I 've ever heard commited to CD . You crack , ca n't keep a steady note , and are all over the place with your voice . In fact , if you ever want to make another cd , give me a call , I can probably -LRB- the probably added only out of courtesy -RRB- sing better than you . Regadless though for some reason your voice is charming . It works . I do n't know quite why , it goes against all of the `` rules of passable singing '' but it fits . So a job well done . The cd 's incredible . You 've succeded at being a terrible vocalist and still sounding crap . This guy is a satire of himself . Dead serious and full of pretention , but lacking both self distance and musical talent , he just comes off as mildly amusing . This pseudo-intellectual work which some praise -LRB- and to my surprise very few dislike -RRB- rings a feeling of coffee shop music - and that 's being very generous to the record . I imagine that his fanbase consists of people who are just slightly interested of the `` alt-rock '' scene but are nowhere near of having a genuine interest in music.So what does the future hold this sleaze bucket?I am either going to use it for a coffee cup coaster , return it to the person , or give it to someone I only can hope will appreciate this whiny little man . I think this would be a better instrumental cd . I am not just bashing the religious nature of the music . I just think this guy was not meant to sing . Perhaps he should write and let someone else sing . Also , the words themselves do n't go good with the rhythm of the guitar or more importantly the beat . This album only gets one star because it introduced me to the joys of breakdancing
 ... 15:00 ! Hey Justin , your 15 minutes of fame are up!Obviously , I never liked this `` guy '' . I ca n't -LRB- and never could -RRB- stand boy bands . So when they fizzled out a couple of years ago , I , along with many others , said `` Good ! No more boy bands ! '' . The other four sissies fizzled out into oblivion , while Timberlake here stayed in the news just because he was dating Britney Spears . -LRB- Combined , Timberlake and Spears have all the musical talent of a common cockroach . -RRB- America was reluctantly bombarded with their constant `` Held At Third Base '' updates , as if they were breeding pandas at the zoo . Then whoops ! She breaks it off with him . So now he tries to have a `` sucksessfull solo curreer '' . Oy vey ist mir.Yeah , I 'd like for him to have a solo career ... preferably `` so low '' that no one can hear him.Needless to say , the `` hott , supa fresch hittz '' on this album are corny , annoying , insipid , unlistenable , idiotic , brain-dead , and maddening . But OH ! I forgot ! None of that matters , because IT 'S ON TRL AND ALL THE 13-YEAR-OLDS CAN DANCE TO IT AND LOOK `` KEWL ! '' I weep for modern pop culture.And this guy 's gon na be the next Michael Jackson ? Yeah , in one sense
 Evenings I watch `` The O'Reilly Factor , '' and on many an evening , the Levittown sandbagger has Robert F. Kennedy der Juenger as his guest , and the two of them have a whine and cheese fest about the ravages the SUV has wrought upon our fragile , gentle planet , Earth.Now , as a responsible owner of a Saturn SL1 , who frequently bicycles , recycles , and ploughs his table scraps into the compost pile , I can sympathise and empathise with this pair . Bill O'Reilly is obviously `` Looking Out for You '' -LRB- TM -RRB- and Kennedy fils is likewise benefiting society by recycling the charm of Camelot.That said , I am yet flummoxed by the narrow scope of concerns on the part of these crusading ecological non-toxic avengers . Which brings us to this album.Justin Timberlake is a worldwide phenomenon , his CDs sell in the millions , and his concerts sell out basketball arenas and football stadiums . Any WalMart or Target will house a plethora of his promotional folderol , such as posters , bookbags , notebooks , e cetera.Now , I know that no one has compiled statistics about the excess of industrial effluents pumped into our air and waterways in order to support the Justin Timberlake Media/Industrial Complex , but it is high time for somebody to take up the reins.Think of the waste
 Yes . My ears want to kill me for listening to such crap . I bought this cd because I actually liked Justin in Nsync . And while I did not expect a rehash of old Nsync material , I expected something that I would enjoy . `` Like I Love You ' made me think I would like this cd but aside from that song the rest of this album is boring , trite , badly sung , badly written , boring , -LRB- I know I said that already , but damn , this is one boring album ! -RRB- Then with the Super Bowl fiasco . That for me cemented my intense dislike for him as a performer . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Oh my gosh , there is so much that is so wrong about this tripe.Justin seems to think he is the Stevie Wonder of the 21st century . Please . He has no soul . He has feeling . His musicianship and showmanship -LRB- as displayed on the Grammy awards -RRB- are nil.Not quite sure how he won but he did . Then again nobody has ever accused the Grammy awards of being based on talent.If I remember my Grammy history correctly , The Beatles were pretty much overlooked time and time again by the academy.Don ' t waste your time or money on this garbage . If you insist on picking up a copy ... wait about a year and you will find it deeply discounted after Justin 's career takes a dive.Awful , awful stuff . It should come packaged with a vomit bag .
 Okay okay okay . Let me start out by saying I will poor all of my guts out in this review . I HATE JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE SO MUCH , HE IS SO HORRIBLE AND JUST UGLY AND SO TALENTLESS AND I HOPE HE GOES TO HELL.Anyways , to this album now ... justin is not a justifier.I know we are all sick of the superbowl stunt , but i hope that ruined his career.justin timberlake is simply not talented . i know music , i collect music . i hate this man so much . he is so arrogant , annoying.i see all of these five star reviews , and i am sure them are from the litte teenyboppers ... i suspect three year olds ... more like eight to ten year olds.how does this album be considered a hit ??? cry me a river is a sad attempt to try to follow in the genius of prince . oh well about your relationship with britney , do you think we care.rock your body is a desperate attempt to follow in the BIGGEST GENIUS OF OUR TIME , MICHAEL JACKSON . Justin , how can you say you are the next michael.i heard that a year ago while i was watching tv . so i was watching this and he comes on and says he 's the next king of pop and that he is inspired by michael . i jumped up , peed in my pants and laughed to death . justin thinks he is so great ... he ca n't sing . he sounds like a little boy trying to sound like a hyenna giving birth.i would like to crumb all of his albums down his throat . . that damn impersonater wannabe . i hate him soo much.janets new album sucks as well.if you want really music by true artist check out : my number one pick
 This music is horrible.I think n'sync sounded better.This guy has no hope as a solo artist.This the most useless pop i 've ever heard.If there 's more to come from this guy then god help us .
 Justin Timberlake , aside from being a drain on society , is also a talentless hack , who desires to be Michael Jackson -LRB- an interesting aspiration -RRB- and have all his famous friends hide what he really is ... a guy whose 15 minutes should have been up long ago . A guy who is way too concerned about image , and sounds like a cat in heat ... there , I said it .
 The only thing I can say is that some of the songs on his CD are catchy . However , his voice sucks . If you ask me , Nick Lachey would sound much better singing these lyrics .
 This geek is the dumbest freak iv `` e ever seen , How can anyone call this sh ** music and tell me HOT women are going to chase this baboon around unless they want fleas.If anyone goes to his concert you `` re as ugly as he is .
 Ughh ... This CD doesnt even deserve one star . He 's just as awful as Britney Spears ! Save your money and DO N'T buy this !
 Is this for buying or the complimentary cd given by old navy ? Grammy 's for this guy ... You got ta be joking right ??? This guy is so untalented its a super joke that he is even taken seriously.Highlight of this album
 Well , first off , do n't get mad at me , 'cause what I 'm about to say was not going to be that good.NSYNC fan and JT fans , sorry.I bought this album because I thought it would maybe sound like nsync 's `` Pop '' , `` Celebrity '' etc. . But I was totally wrong . Not that I hated it , it has some good songs in it , but again , it was n't that good . Honestly , I was kind of disappointed . He could 've done better .
 Ok I admit ... I HATE justin but i 'm not giving hime ONE star coz of that beleive me ! I liked a looot `` cry me a river '' and `` like i love u '' so I bought this CD and give it a try ... apart from those two and maybe `` rock ur body '' the rest is just album fillers ! I simple hate this album and I even put it aside of my collection !!! I wasnt going to write this review but I did when I watched the EMAs and listend that he got the best album when `` stripped '' was in competition !! Howwwww can uuuuuuu let an album like `` justified '' win the best album ESPECIALLY when there is an amazing one like christina 's stripped !!!!!!!!!!!! I got soooooooo angry for him that now i HATE HIM more than ever !
 Why would anyone be so gulible as to waste money on this processed garbage . Hey , let 's manufacture the next pop star and there will be enough mindless sheep out there that we might make a few bucks . When there has been so much quality talent out recently
 JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE IS THE WORST OF THE WORST.HE IS EVEN MORE WORSE THAN BRITNEY AND J'LO . THIS IS THE LOUSIEST CD I HAVE EVER LISTENED TO.I DISLIKE THIS AND WISHED HE WOULD JUST GET LOST.THIS ALBUM IS BAD.DONT BUY IT.GET THE LATEST ALBUM FROM U2 INSTEAD .
 No seriously . It was two days ago , but I remember it as clearly as if it were yesterday ... -LSB- cue wavy lines -RSB- -LSB- Did that wavy line thing work by the way ? It only works about half the time for me , usually when I forget my medicine ... whoops , back to the review -RSB- ... I was stocking up on condensed milk and black licorice -LRB- which I do when I 'm out of medicine ... it is a long story -RRB- and I was sort of talking to the little pink trolls that were running around the cake mix aisle -LRB- a locale they much prefer to sitting on top of you pencil , just so you know -RRB- . We were debating something or another . I ca n't remember , it was really a long time ago . Anyway one of them said something REALLY funny and so I was laughing and spraying condensed milk out of my nose . Man , good times . Good times.Well anyway my nose really started burning after awhile , so I figured I 'd better head home . I had exactly 10 items -LRB- the trolls were buying their own that day ... for once ! Cheapskates ! -RRB- So I get in line at the Express Lane and . . there was Justin Timberlake . He had 11 items . Let me repeat that -LRB- since it is sort of the key to the whole story -RRB- ... ELEVEN items ! He had bought 11 copies of his CD and had the gall to use the express lane ! But I suppose after having the gall to record the darn thing , I should n't have expected much from him.So I said `` Hey you ! What makes you think you can abuse the sanctity of the hallowed ` express lane ' system ? `` And he just turns and looks at me and picks up one of his CDs , points at the title ... and just starts crying . Like a little baby . Poor guy . I sort of felt sorry for him , right up to the point the police peppersprayed me.I think that pretty much sums it all up . Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'm out of licorice.Bob
 they have created such a good album very inspired by mj 's off the wall , only problem is justin 's on it
 When will the idiot just go away and fall off like all the other talentless phonies from previous times that have walked the face of this earth ? Oh , I just ca n't wait until this fakester prankster gets played out and drops off and no one , not even one , will ever remember the name of this clown that had the audacity to attempt singing . I ca n't stand this wigger , wannabe sounding black , fake wannabe singer , going hard so-called `` pop '' style idiot ! My brother has his cd and likes him , and I do n't know why ! All he is doing is taking advantage of Black music and using Black artists and producers like Timberland to `` get some game '' . AND THE NERVE OF SOME OF THE STUPID , BEYOND MENTALLY CHALLENGED , AND BRAINWASHED JACK@SSES TO DARE HAVE THE NERVE AND AUDACITY TO COMPARE THIS FOOL TO MICHAEL JACKSON !! ARE YOU PEOPLE FOR REAL ?! ARE YOU ALL THAT SPUPID ?! YOU ALL DARE TO COMPARE THIS WANNABE CELEBRITY TO THE BEST AND GREATEST ENTERTAINER OF ALL TIME ?!!!!!! NOW , THAT 'S BEYOND OUT OF LINE RIGHT THERE . SO JUST STEP RIGHT BACK ON INTO YOUR PLACE . THIS FOOL WILL NEVER EVER BE ANOTHER `` MJ '' NO MATTER HOW DESPERATELY HARD HE TRIES TO BE ! This idiot is just that , an idiot , with no talent , and just trying to mimic the real thing ! Pop `` music '' is garbage-pure garbage , plain foolishness ! It 's sad that only a few of us are the only ones with common sense to see that . Why is it that the ones with good taste , common sense , and intelligence are always in the minority ? This just shows you how low and beyond stupid society has become .
 This album sucks . and I didnt even need to hear the whole CD . I did n't even buy it ! I just heard one of his songs , I do n't remember the title of the song but I heard him on the radio and after the first 21 seconds into the song , I could n't stand listening to it any more so I immediately turned the station , if I had n't , I probably still would n't be alive today . Yeah , this is the kind of music that kills you . Now , I do n't like giving bad reviews but there 's nothing possitive to say about this album . It 's crap , plain and simple . Though I will give him some credit for at least trying , I mean , that takes balls . If he actually had a good singing voice , then I might 've actually enjoyed his music and might 've been compelled to buy his CD ! but as reality is , the poor guy ca n't sing so there 's no way I 'll be getting this or anything he releases ! and if you 're someone who likes to listen to ` real ' good music , then this CD is definately not what you 'll want to hear ! trust me ! Please do n't be a fool and waste your money on this like so many other poor misguided souls . It 'll be one of your biggest regrets.love , a music fanNote
 This CD was very bad , it was a disgrace to all NSYNC fans out there . Who is he trying to be Michael Jackson ? Take my advice do not buy this CD it is a waste of your money .
 Well . When I heard all the cd for the first time i think in Britney Spears ... Why he is showing up he 's personal life in that kinda tragic , sad , and ill , lyrics ... . He is missing the time so much thinking about the break up with britney spears , He has to change and go on whith his life ! like britney does ... If he 's feeling cheated or something or at least that 's what my first impression listen the cd . . The music is Great ! and it is . . but The depression , the sadness , the illness , show it in this cd just show the insecure side of Justin Timberlake so it 's kind of sad that he dont forget his first love but whatever you know?he try to get sales and popularity showingThe Sadess Break up . . and the betrayed that he suffer ... It ' looks like the eminem lirycs in one way because he is telling us that is not happy and that he suffer a lot . . but man ! you have to Take the next level and go on whith your normal life ... . Forget finally Britney please ... She is not thinking to make saddest songs , or break up songs ... for her 4th album !!! please take the next level like she does ... and show us something diferent or at least more happy songs ... please ... . Totally Dissapoint ... Dont . Buy it.Justin Return to N'sync Please ... . thanks ...
 Justified is like Micheal Jackson so much that children run from him . He has contributed one good thing , the song Cry Me A River covered by retard punk band Cannibal Goat Eater , segued into Billy Jean . CGE are bigger than anyone else over here . I wuld recommend phoning 6789-543 and asking for Cannibal Goat Eater 's Retard Mother -LRB- Singer -RRB- . You 'll get a response I guarantee .
 Before I get started , I just wanted to let you know that in the latest issues of Rolling Stone , Van `` The Man '' Morrison 's newest album was listed as one of the top 50 of 2003 , and two of his previous albums , `` Astral Weeks '' and `` Moondance '' , came in the top 50 of the 500 best albums of all time . I considered the inclusion of Van 's album `` What 's Wrong With This Picture ? '' the silver lining to a dark cloud of 2003 that included the likes of John Mayer and Beyonce.That being said , I know that the following paragraphs are going to draw a lot of negative firepower from overly optimistic and hopelessly lust-struck teenage girls with more taste in their mouth than actual taste in music . My inspiration for this rant I 'm about to go off on stems from the recent announcement of the 2003 Grammy nominations . Now , reverting back to my original observation about Van Morrison 's album , being called a work of art in most circles , since when does this walking voiceover Justin Timberlake deserve a nomination for Best Album over Van Morrison ?! That 's like wiping before you poop , it do n't make any sense ! Justin Timberlake is but a former Mouseketeer pretty boy who is nothing except the product of agents and personal trainers . A no-talent hack banking a music career on `` good looks . '' -LRB- The quotations around those words signify my urging for Mr. Timberlake 's female fans to rush straight to the nearest eye doctor , because your vision is obviously losing something in the translation . -RRB- I thought music was considered to be the most timeless form of expression , nearly as old as mankind itself . What would Mozart do if he heard `` Justified '' ? I tell you what he 'd do , he 'd probably come back Brandon Lee style and unload a clip of bullets into the head of the `` next king of pop '' ! I tell you what , Michael Jackson might be the most popular thing in the world to make fun of right now , ranking right next to Osama Bin Laden 's beard , but he spent years of his life -LRB- between surgeries -RRB- earning that title , and he deserves it still to this day.Mozart made music . Van Morrison makes music . Marvin Gaye , Bob Dylan , Paul Simon , Pink Floyd , The Beatles , Jimi Hendrix ... any of these names ring a bell ? True musicians and performers with talent and the recognition they deserve . After last year 's Grammy academy rightfully honored Norah Jones with eight trophies , to see the nominations as they are this year gives me a true feeling of disappointment . What is the world coming to when an award circuit that 's supposed to honor the quality of work basically tallies their votes according to the units sold ?! I watch movies like `` Love Actually , '' and I laugh at the old pop star character because he 's a true and honest satirical depiction of what time has done to music since the days of The King . I hate what has become popular and I relish in unknowns all the more when I think of what a mockery these entertainment businesses have become . Movies , music ... They are n't what they used to be . Thank goodness there are artists like Quentin Tarantino and Van Morrison in their chosen fields still showing us the way it should be done . Justin Timberlake needs to quit while he 's ahead and quit polluting the planet with his particular brand of gutter trash . He 's got Britney 's virginity . That 's enough . He 's not getting any more of my time .
 Where to start ???? Justin Timberflake -LRB- Crumbles under pressure -RRB- is trying to be Michael Jackson or the Bee Gees but fails miserably . He cant dance or sing , I dont know what Britney saw in him . Poor girl . Sniper the assclown . Never buy this album not even at a car boot sale , not for 5p/10c cos thats where he 'll end up selling cds .
 `` Like I Love You '' made me go out and buy the CD when it was released . After listening to the whole thing I was sorry I did . It 's ALL R&B ! No pop or anything like `` Like I Love You '' . Big disappointment to me .
 I pray this is n't the future of music.There are a couple of tracks worth listening to , but the rest are just drum machines and rap , and Justin trying to be Black . -LCB- Hey , I can rap too !!! -RCB-
 I know theres a ton of fans of justin timberlake but just face the facts ... He 's not a good singer ... at least not to me . I bought this cd a week ago and ya know how sometimes a cd will eventually grow on you ? I tried that . It doesnt work .
 Alrighty ... the neptunes wrote half the songs and Timbland wrote half the songs . And this guy keeps on singing like a girl , and is getting all the attention because he 's from N'Sync . This guy is from the pop teeniebopper music industry , where barely anyone writes their own songs . Now who should get the credit here ? I would DEFINITLY give credit to the neptunes and Timbland , get their CD 's , theyre excellent songwriters and they make the dopest beats -LRB- and not to mention catchy , which is why this album is selling -RRB- ... but this ... ugh . They made the beats catchy , but the fact that this guy is part of the one of fakest teeniebopper boy bands in history turns me away . Get the producers albums if you like the songs , not the album from this guy .
 I am totally unimpress with this cd . It sounds like he 's trying to be Michael Jackson or something . Also he is using the same tired producers -LRB- Neptunes and Timbaland -RRB- that everyone and their mother is using . If you want to hear a REAL blue-eyed soul artist , then pick up Remy Shand , Jon B. or Hall and Oates . But not this guy , Justin .
 All hype , no substance ! I do n't think I could say it better ! As much as I love 'N Sync , Justin 's album does not impress me ! The songs all sound the same ! It 's pretty much the same hip-hop R and B beat , but different lyrics ! The only songs worth listening to are the hit singles `` Like I Love You '' , and `` Cry Me A River '' ! The third single `` Rock Your Body '' sounds like a track from Michael Jackson 's reject pile ! This has got to be the worst album of 2002 , as well as most overrated ! Go buy Nick Carter 's album instead , the most underrated CD of 2002 ! Even if you do n't like all the songs , at least it has variety !!
 Okay Justin , if you are that desperate for us to cry you a river , and you want it that bad , we will . No as a matter of fact , we 'll do more than that . We 'll cry you an ocean and a sea . Those tears will be from the pure hapiness during and after the time you disappear and die .
 i ca n't believe this . why is justin timberlake ?
 Justin is popular because he is a great looking guy . Problem is he ca n't sing or write a song to save his life . N'sync became popular largely based on his nonthreatening good looks . N'sync cranked out a bunch of very successfull bubble gum pop that was n't very good but Justin was smart to ditch them and become a solo artist . But this album seriously lacks a basic ingredient , good music . The first song Senorita is just sad , it features really bad lyrics & very poor singing . Justin should have shot the song writer for giving him such poor material to work with . It is one of the worst songs ever made . Like I love You & Rock Your Body are good to dance too but so was disco and everyone knows disco sucks . Cry Me a River obviously does capture his feelings over what Britney did too him , so I ca n't knock him for that . She was a bag and deserves much worse then being bashed in a song and video . The rest of this album is just filler.I do n't think his audience has actually listened to the music . At a concert especially they are just so happy to see him & love looking at him that they ca n't even hear the music cause they scream so loud . If they took the time to listen and stop looking at his pretty face they might notice his music is crap . Other good looking guys from the past such as Jim Morrison or Robert Plant also made great music . Perhaps someday Justin will realize he needs more substance than his looks and start making good music . Of course that day is a long ways off . Bottom line if you like good music look somewhere else . If you like a cute boy without talent Justin is your boy .
 Words of advice to upcoming male pop singers
 After listening to this album , I am more than convinced that there are more 12 year old girl pop fans than i thought , because no one over the age of 12 who had any reasonable taste in music would EVER touch this album with a 900 foot pole.The fact is Timberlake is so obsessed with copying MJ on this album that he had the Neptunes dust off the old rejected tracks they had submitted for Michael Jackson 's last records ... and adds his own awful vocals to them . According to Vibe magazine who intervewed Pharell of the neptunes it states : `` I wanted to break the rules in terms of what people thought we were going to do for Justin , '' Williams says . So the producers decided to use Michael Jackson 's Off the Wall as inspiration . In fact , they dusted off five songs they submitted for Jackson 's HIStory Volume I and Invincible albums that were rejected . Williams rewrote parts of those songs with Timberlake and created new versions of `` Se & ntilde ; orita , '' `` Let 's Take a Ride , '' `` Last Night , '' `` Nothin ' Else , '' and `` Take It From Here . `` Ahhh ... proof that just `` Justin '' wasnt enough ... So here we have young Timberlake ... the Uber Jacko wannabe ... attempting to stomp on the King of Pop 's throne using his cast off tracks , its no surprise that he fails miserably.Even when Timberlake pays outrageous sums of money to two of the hottest producers in music right now , he still ca n't belt out a decent note to go along with their hard work . The production on the Timbaland and Neptune 's tracks were great -LRB- particularly Timbaland 's snazzy beat on the track `` cry me a river '' -RRB- but Timberlake 's whiny 13-year-old-who-hasnt-hit-puberty screeches tear their work to shreads and make the record sound even more annoying than nails on a chalkboard . No studio trickery or even a guest appearence by Janet Jackson can cover up the fact that this boy has not an ounce of testosterone in him to pull himself out of the gutter.This album is the worst kind of pop-but-i-wanna-be-hip-hop trash and should be avoided at all costs ... Although this album is sure to break 2x platinum status by the time you read this review -LRB- no thanks to those stupid 12 year olds with their birthday money -RRB- that doesnt mean you should become one of the mindless masses that chokes down whatever trash the record companies push in your face endlessly . Save yourselves ...
 Nothing about this album is original , nothing stands out above what anybody else is doing , it has no depth . Now tell me , if Justin Timberlake was n't decent looking , would you still buy this CD ? The answer is no , because the album is selling discs off 100 % sex appeal and over-budgeted music videos . Run from this CD or people like me will lock you up for destroying the world of music .
 please , just do yourself a favor and buy a Michael Jackson album , ANY Michael Jackson album . that is who Timberlake is trying to be so why go with the poser when you can just get the real thing ? Justin Timberlake is like a cheap Xerox copy of Michael Jackson . yea he looks/sounds kinda like him -LRB- more like an impersonator -RRB- , but in black & white with most of the quality being lost in the photocopying process .
 I just want to clear something up before I start this review , and that is that I am neither a Justin Timberlake hater nor an * NSYNC hater . I like Justin and I was looking forward to when he would drop this album . But calling this album disappointing would be an understatement.For one thing , The Neptunes are all over this album , and their beats are not quite as good as they usually are . For example , `` Like I Love You '' is lyrically decent , but it has one of the most disorganized beats I 've ever heard , and rhymes by Clipse do n't help matters either . You 'll also hear Chad and Pharrell taking over songs like `` Se & ntilde ; orita '' and `` Let 's Take A Ride '' . Timbaland also shows up to work `` Cry Me A River '' and `` Right For Me '' , and Tim 's beats make the songs sound like they lost their way from a Timbaland and Magoo bootleg album.But we ca n't place all the blame on the production for the downfalls on this album . Justin 's singing is surprisingly not as good as it usually is . His falsetto is still intact , but he seems to hit the high notes at the wrong times so you ca n't really understand what he 's saying -LRB- see `` Right For Me '' -RRB- . Also , even the lyrics fail to impress sometimes . On * NSYNC 's last album Justin proved that he had some lyrical skills by penning great songs like `` Gone '' , but here he makes syrupy lines like `` I wan na be your lake , or your bay '' in the otherwise entertaining `` Take It From Here '' ; or he hands out just plain corny pimp-isms for the 1987 sounds of `` Rock Your Body '' like `` Better have you naked by the end of this song '' . There are some good songs like `` Still On My Brain '' , the slightly sappy `` Never Again '' -LRB- co-written by Brian McKnight -RRB- , and possibly `` Nothin ' Else '' . In short , this album does n't sound like a decent R&B ; album ; it sounds more like an R&B ; album from someone who tried too hard ... and he really does n't have to try all that hard . If you leave this album alone , your life will be Justified .
 I wasnt a Justin Timberflake fan until I read the Agitated Reviewers comments . This CD is now top off my wanted list . This bloke deserves to be heard because he dont look nearly 60 years old to me . I 've heard some of Stevie Wonders early stuff and its not bad but I always wondered where he got his Ideas from . Thanks Agitated and keep up the great reviews.I 'll give it 3 stars and update it when me mum gets it me for Xmas ... I am DISSAPOINTED with a capital A. I really looked forward to getting this after the A.R 's comments.After quickly unwrapping it and putting it into my CD walkman and Bang Crash.Song after song of the same old stuff done by other artists a thousand times . This is a really sickly mix of Mickey Jackson X Stevie Wonder . Yes the the backing arrangements are polished but also overproduced . Not at all what I expected from someone Justins age and after what the Agitated reviewer had said . I left my Gran and mum with it -LRB- they like it -RRB- , while I went down the pub with me mates , after having my christmas ruined + + + + after comming back from the pub I couldnt stomach me christmas puddin all those big black grape like things really made me sick . thanks againa AGY .
 I wanted to believe the hype . Awards for this and that ... but this CD is full of fillers . Geez , what a coincidence ... all the good songs are singles ... the rest are badly produced along with cheesy lyrics.Like I Love You , Cry Me a River , Rock Your Body , Senorita and Take It From Here -LRB- not a single , but should be -RRB- are awesome ... but do n't waste your money on the whole CD.I 'm Lovin ' ItWorthy Of
 Justin Timberflake tries to establish himself as a man capable of standing on his own . Unfortunately he needs a cane , and that cane is a metaphor for the other members of NYSNC . I do give him a little credit for his hit single ` Justified ' . ` Justified ' was a bit sassy but it certainly was n't enough to ` justify ' a purchase . ...
 This is an OK debut start.If Timberlake was n't a name before this CD , then this album would have never sold what it did.Mar my words ... . His follow-up to this will sell a tenth at most !
 the neptunes claimed they listened to michael jackson 's off the wall and recorded this CD in a period of 2 weeks , the result ? A lousy attempt at trying to emulate the king of pop/r & b. I do n't mind the songs cry me a river and rock your body , and the janet duet -LRB- which is the only reason I bothered buying this CD -RRB- but justin is n't talented at all as a solo artist , JC is much more talented and edgy , justin is just a chipmunk screaming for attention and ndefinitely never worth my money again .
 and I 'm not joking . there 's like 1 good song on it , the rest are trash . he sounds like a pre-teen girl when he sings and his songs suck . throw this in the garbage , along with his career !
 Ew ! This CD is such a Hwang ! Man , you should get Bea Arthur 's Broadway CD instead ! Bea is the greatest ! GOLDEN GIRLS FOREVER !
 But getting rid of it did n't save this trite piece of work . Just goes to prove that you do n't need to be talented to make it in this industry anymore -LRB- look at William Hung ; heh heh -RRB- . All you have to do is either a -RRB- look like a supermodel or b -RRB- have a pathetic sob story to make people feel sorry for you . The media 's cruel these days . Do n't waste your money on this garbage . If you NEED to spend your money on a cd , buy a nice Dead Kennedys album , Ella Fitzgerald , or even a Clay Aiken album . None of those people are pathetic supermodel/sob stories , so support the real artists and shunt this guy to the side.THANK YOU !
 Justin Timberlake 's album was so hyped up that I was sooooo excited to buy it . So I went to 3 different stores trying to find it before I finally did . Excitedly I tore the wrapper off and put the disc in my player . Little did I know that his album would mostly be songs about heartache and loss or if not that then up tempo songs about grinding and getting it on with someone . The cd was not what I was expecting . The first single `` Like I Love You '' was decieving to the true nature of the album.There are only a few songs on the album that really catch my attention ... `` Like I Love You , '' `` Cry Me A River , '' Still On My Brain , '' `` Right For Me , '' `` Never Again . '' I was expecting r and b , up tempo songs but really none of them I 'm really feelin ' . It 's a mediocore try for his first album . Hopefully his follow up album wo n't contain so much of his ex-girlfriend . Do n't get me wrong I love Justin and think he 's an amazing singer but his album followed the lines of other artists that nothing particularly was special about it .
 Justin and the Neptunes and Timbaland admitted to listening to michael jackson 's off the wall CD for 2 weeks straight while recording this album at the same time , but the only songs well done are cry me a river , take me now and rock your body though someone else should have sang them and they sound no different from already existing songs from as early as off the wall to as late as brandy or aaliyah or some other r & b artist . Justin ripped off r & b that has been around for years and some stupid justin fans on this board have the nerve to call him original , it 's unbelievable . and they do n't realize that by doing that they are discrediting black musicians and songwriters who enhanced the r & b genre , and this album is full of neptunes and timbaland who are also black . I give THEM the credit not justin .
 Justin was always one of the most talented guys in * NSYNC . He could dance very well , and vocally he could hit notes some guys will never be able to hit . I personally never had a crush on him , like some girls , but I did n't exactly dislike him.When Justin came out with this CD , I was kind of `` So what ? '' about it . Then I saw part of the music video for `` Rock Your Body '' . Sure , it had cool music , and a neat video , but the lyrics were so trashy ! I was rather surprised . `` Cry Me A River '' was okay , but a little too slow for my liking.After all I 've seen , and after all I 've heard , Justin Timberlake is garbage . He 's a disgusting man who needs to be rescued from the sleez he 's become.I recommend these not only talented , but cleaner singers : Jonny LangClay Aiken
 99 % of the people who love Justin Timberlakes money were once NSYNC teenyboppers . Justin Timberlake only proved with his album that he has no mind of his own , and can only do music that his producers ask of him.There is no new music on this album . Everything sounds the same , and it is horribly produced by The Neptunes , Timbaland , and Brian McKnight . Timberlake has been called things such as the New Michael Jackson , the King of -LRB- teenybopper -RRB- pop ect ... But he is certainly not . He has no voice whatsoever . He sounds as if someone stuck a large stick up his rearend . He attempts to hit high notes that his voice is n't made to hit , and he ends up making himself sounding like a moron.All in all , if you have no taste in music , or have no clue what someone sounds like when they are actually singing ON KEY , they you might enjoy this album . If you enjoy an album of the same thing over and over again , you 'll love it . And most of all , if you 're 12 , you 'll enjoy drooling over his picture .
 When NSYNC burst onto the pop scene I always just dismissed them as a cheap knockoff of the Backstreet Boys , who did it better and first . A few years later the infinitely more talented BSB have fizzled out yet we are still subjected to the clones ' inane offerings . Here La Timberlake breaks out on her own ... well if you consider ripping off tired ole Michael Jackson tunes as `` breaking out . '' Jackson himself is nothing more than a joke in the pop world which begs the question , why bother ripping off his songs and moves ? I wo n't bother getting into the racist subtext that underlines Timberlake and her career , that should be perfectly clear whenever she rips off the Human Beatbox from The Fat Boys . `` Cry Me A River '' is just plain meretricious ! If I hear it one more time on the radio , I 'm going to shove an icepick in my ear . Thanks a lot Clear Channel !
 Okay I 'll keep my name anonoymous ! Anyways ... Okay Justin , if you are that desperate for us to cry you a river , and you want it that bad , we will . No as a matter of fact , we 'll do more than that . We 'll cry you an ocean and a sea . Those tears will be from the pure hapiness during and after the time you disappear and die .
 Justin Timberlake is such a bad singer . Plus he ripped off Janet Jackson 's bra at the super bowl , that stupid piece of crap . Anyway , he does n't write his own music . He stinks and he would crumble in a real life situation .
 10 year old kids may enjoy this sort of crap , but people who enjoy real music wont .
 Firstly , I do n't own this CD but I saw/heard the first video of his first single off this album . I wanted to see how it would be and what he 'd sound like , if it 'd be any good . and oh my god , he 's a joke ! first off , he ca n't sing , and it sounded more like whining than singing ! and he was tryin to dance like he was Michael Jackson . ahahaha ! That was so funny ! It was so awful and embarassing I did n't watch the whole video and immediately turned the channel . I almost felt as though I was going to vomit or hurl . seriously . I used to think he was cute , back in his good looking days in '97 & ' 98 . But I hate his whole new look and the way he 's trying to be black , he 's only making a fool of himself . what 's with that ? white boy tries to be black ? ugh , as the saying goes , do n't try to be what you 're not ! as he 's not black , not a real singer , nor even a good dancer . Do n't waste your money on this garbage ! I 'm sure glad I did n't ! :-RRB- I gave Justicrap 1 star , but I really wanted to give it zero ! but since I could n't , one lousy star is all I 'll give , so to the fans of Justin and this CD , be grateful I was so generous to give it at least one so un-deserved star !
 I was really excited about the new JT album , I could n't wait to hear it . Then ... I heard it . Honestly I only liked 1 -LRB- yea just one -RRB- song on his album . The rest of it sounded like music gone wrong . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm an nsync fan but , I 'm really disappointed in Justin . He could have done a lot better .
 After reading some of the previous reviews , I have come to the conclusion that everyone who liked Justin before loves the CD and all the crazies who did n't like him before hate the CD . And that 's to be expected . Most pop stars are polarizing figures , especially Justin Timberlake . Well , I have been a HUGE fan of Justin and NSYNC since 1998 . An obsessive fan , even . They could do no wrong in my eyes . But I think Justified is terrible . Horrific . Gruesome . Ughhhhh . I will say that I like the songs he 's released a little better than I did when I initially bought the CD . But the fact remains that Justin 's voice becomes incredibly annoying after two or three songs . And all this Pharrell , Neptunes , hip hop/R & B crap has got to go . The only two things that Justin knows how to write about are breakups and dance floor hookups . Seriously . Those three things are a lethal combination and it has driven me up the friggin ' wall . I do n't understand why people love this CD so much . I just do n't . I mean , you have people who did n't like NSYNC 's music but they like this garbage . What 's up with that ? NSYNC made awesome music with perfect harmonies and feeling and instead some opt for this ? When it comes down to brass tacks , Justin needs to go back with NSYNC and do good music like he had been doing for seven years before he lost his danged mind . And I 'm not just pickin ' on Justin - JC 's solo work sucks also , from the few songs I 've heard from his CD ... Songs that go `` All day long I think about sex ... '' For the love of God , what is that ? Oh yeah , let 's not forget the overflowing substance of a song who 's chorus goes `` Some girls dance with women , knowing it gets them attention ... '' Let 's have an honest heart to heart here . Justin nor JC know what they 're doing , and that 's too bad because they are both enormously talented . JC 's solo outlook seemed bright with the song Blowin ' Me Up With Her Love but now look at the silly sexual nature of his songs . Come on . If you think this tripe is better than NSYNC , I feel sorry for you .
 I still have n't recieved my CD and it has been a month . I guess I 'll have to contact the seller again so that I can get a refund , although I would think that she would contact me to see if I had recieved the CD since I 've already emailed her once . I am not a satisfied customer at all !
 but several of the tracks with their musical production were well done though I 've heard it all before with MJ . I credit the neptunes and timbaland for their musical genius but it should have been invested in someone who 's actually talented . I heard some of the songs were given to mj but he did n't want them , big mistake . There would have been better melodies , better vocals and much better songwriting than what justin did to these tracks on this album .
 Justin Timberlake played a major role in the teen pop trend of the late 90 's and into the new millennium as the frontman -LRB- although many denied it -RRB- of boy band N * Sync . His solo debut , `` Justified '' , was released in 2002 , taking on a more RnB approach rather then straight pop like N * Sync mostly did . Justin was -LRB- of course -RRB- adored by many -LRB- mainly teenage girls -RRB- and shunned by probably an equal amount -LRB- mostly people who did n't listen to this kind of music anyway , or those who thought he should have stuck with N * Sync 's style -RRB- . Many believe Justin 's solo debut to be autobiographical , namely telling about his breakup with Britney Spears . `` Justified '' gets off to a rocky start with the irritating single `` Senorita '' . I honestly can not see the appeal in this song . Produced by the Neptunes , the song seems kind of awkward and sounds like the background music does not fit with the vocals . Vocally , the song is decent until Justin gets the guys and girls to sing different parts with him . That part is just unnecessary and does not even sound good . This first single , `` Like I Love You '' comes next and is a much better song and single . Justin 's vocals are pretty smooth throughout . Lyrically the song is n't too strong however there is something about the lyrics that fits well with the beat . The rap part , provided by Clipse , sounds pretty good as well . After that comes the highly repetitive `` What You Got '' . The song starts off with an annoying chant of `` Mr JT , now what you got for me '' and the rest of the song does not get much less annoying . There are only two real verses and the rest of the song is filled with the chorus repeated excessively and verses of `` oh oh oh oh ... etc. '' which seemed to have been put in to make the song seem longer.Next up is `` Take It From Here '' which tries hard to be romantic but ends up being really cheesy . -LRB- `` I wan na be your sky , so blue and high '' -RRB- . Justin 's vocals are decent and fit well with the song but really are not very different compared to any other song . The song also drags on far too long , spanning close to six minutes , and much of that is the chorus and verses that sound the same . Next up comes on of the more memorable songs on the album , `` Cry Me A River '' which is allegedly about Justin 's breakup with Britney . Justin seems to sing with more feeling and the lyrics , while still simple sound much better than before . It is no less repetitive than any of the other songs however there is something about it that keeps it from getting too boring . `` Rock You Body '' follows and I do not see the appeal in this single either . It is just as repetitive as all of the other songs so far however this one is far more irritating . . It gets stuck in the listener 's head easily , but it is mostly just an average , forgettable dance track.Afterwards is the unique -LRB- from other tracks on the album anyway -RRB- song `` Nothin ' Else '' . It is lyrically poor -LRB- `` You 're out of this world except you 're not green '' -RRB- except Justin 's vocals are smooth enough to pull it off decently . Vocally it is a great track as Justin does not resort to falsetto , which ends up distorting words so you ca n't understand him . The next song , `` Last Night '' , is the exact opposite . Where Justin could have sounded great , he resorts to grating falsetto in the chorus , which , unfortunately is repeated often throughout the song . `` Still On My Brain '' comes next , which is a somewhat odd-sounding title . -LRB- Is n't it usually `` still on my mind '' ? -RRB- . The song is decent however I noticed that the phrases `` now I could '' and `` and I could '' were highly overused as every verse started its first three lines with those phrases , making all the verses sound the same . This song is mediocre , but forgettable.Afterwards is the exceedingly monotonous '' -LRB- And She Said -RRB- Take Me Now '' which supposedly features Janet Jackson however I do not hear Janet at all in the song . Justin sings full verses in falsetto which , to be blunt , sounds awful . This song does not sound much different from any other upbeat/dance song on the album . `` Right For Me '' follows which , for me anyway , does not live up to its name . That is to say , it 's not right for me though others may like it . Justin resorts to half-speaking the lyrics , which takes away from the already weak -LRB- due to its trite lyrics -RRB- track . The equally poor `` Let 's Take A Ride '' follows and does little to improve upon the quality of the previous track . The song merely talks about going for a car ride to forget about your problems however the song is forgotten just as easily . Lastly is `` Never Again '' which is actually one of the stronger tracks . Of all the songs on the album , this is the one that I would say was about Britney . The song talks about how someone lied to him and how much he loved her but Justin also says that `` you 'll never to love me again '' . Vocally and lyrically , this is by far the sweetest and probably best track on the album.Overall Mark
 Whoever said that this CD had MJ/80 's retro quality ... lied . Whoever said that half the songs on the album sound like one endless song ... was right and deserves a trophy :D I must admit , the songs are catchy and infectious when you first listen to the CD . But truthfully , the CD makes Justin sound like a droning whiner with hopelessly shallow love songs and weird club hits . The best song on the CD , lyrics and music combined , is probably Justin 's single `` Cry Me A River '' ; although the song itself is n't totally spectacular -LRB- and was played to DEATH !!! -RRB- , it is the most emotionally charged and true-sounding song on the album . The rest of it just sounds like a pre-teen 's imaginings of what love , romance , sex , and clubbing * must * be like . `` Still On My Brain '' has a pretty sound , music-wise , but the lyrics are uninspired . Some of the other songs on the CD are okay but lack substance .
 I agree with the reviewer who posted `` poser '' . Buy yourself a Michael Jackson Album , any of them ! they are all great.justin is a mere impersonator as well as usher . singers especially justin are not unique anymore and ca n't find their own styleI LOVE MICHAEL JACKSON 'S MUSIC AND HATE THIS CHIPMUNK TIMBERLAKES MUSIC
 I like some of his song but I think he should take some singing lessons . He also tries to be all macho and I 'm the best style . He is very hot and cute but it 's not enough . Sorry but got ta pass on this CD folks .
 When I said that the 10 year olds dig him ... well you misunderstood . I did use the 10 year olds as an example because my younger brother in 4th grade says all of his classmates love Justin Timberlake . If we really want to get this accurate ... I would say that 10 and younger dig this cd.Maybe there are some smart ten year olds out there who actually know that this Cd is nothing but an impersonation of the genius called michael Jackson ! lol . Anyways ! Get a life Justin .
 The only two songs that caught my fancy at all on this was `` Rock Your Body '' and `` Senorita . '' `` Rock Your Body '' was an obvious Michael Jackson rip-off but I liked it anyway . The only unique sounding song was `` Senorita '' . Do n't care for Justin Timberlake personally and the SuperBowl and a few incidents afterwards has made me lose more respect for him as a person but musically , he has potential but he really needs to get his own identity instead of trying to be the `` white '' M.J.
 Justified by Justin Timberlake . No , it should be Justified by Neptunes , Timbaland , and Brain Mcknight featuring Justin Timberlake . If you can zone out J.Timbs voice this would be the perfect dance/electronic cd.The beats are truly the star of the album and Justin is just background noise . They easily suck you in a groove . `` Like I love you '' , `` Rock your body '' , `` Cry Me a River '' could be released as instrumentals and still would have been hits . J.Timb 's grammies should have went to the Neptunes or Timbaland instead . All Justin had to do was show up and probably add a line or two of lyrics . I just know he came up with `` Just be limber baby '' -LRB- in `` Like I love you '' -RRB- line . The stupidest lyric I 've ever heard in my life.In the end , I was not disappointed or blow-away by this album . I expected really little of J.Timbs from the get go . He had the biggest producers on hand and got some good beats out of it.The production value gets 5 stars but J.Timb 's present makes the cd lose 3 stars . This album just proves his NOTHING w/o his producers . And since the whole Janet thing , I doubt the record exec . will lend him the much talent again .
 True , his songs are danceable and catchy but they are basically for people who like to dance in groups , kind of like those zombies in Jacko 's Thriller video . He 's basically the next Michael Jackson cuz -LSB- ... -RSB- . After seeing how he got Punk 'd so bad he called his mom to bail him out I ca n't see why anyone would have respect for him .
 look not all 10 year olds are mindless idiots ... ok?I admit this cd sucks but why do you `` mature and older people who actually know what they 're talking about '' always have to point your targets at 10 year olds?anyways , this cd sucks and all you fans of justin should get a life and actually listen to his songs instead of saying this cd rocks because you like him-note-im not a 10 year old
 I 've never been one to jump on a bandwagon , so maybe that helps to describe my initial loathing for this album . However upon listening to this album , my leap from the band wagon just seemed to be easier.After working in a record store for 2 years and having this album shoved down my throat day in day out since its release , my contempt has only grown.I find this album to be offensive , -LRB- to music , mostly -RRB- , overplayed and over gratified . I think this album has no depth , or anything that makes you want to stay up all night listening to it , unless you 're on drugs , or horribly drunk and wanting to `` get it on '' with your ugly roommate.However I do give props to JT for successfully ripping off everything Michel Jackson has ever done , and some how claiming it for his own.And , I do have to admit the one song with male/female parts makes me jump around and dance like an idiot -LRB- providing I 'm one drugs or booze -RRB- .
 Damn the media and my subceptibility to it . I bought this CD since I liked ` Cry me a River ' and it was one of two songs I liked . Also , I loved Christina A. 's CD so much that I thought they had to be on the same wavelength . They 're NOT . I stopped listening to this CD when JT 's says '' Better have you naked by the end of this song '' what ??? that 's the best you can do ? Did it ever occur to him that the song with Janet Jackson would work better as a slow jam ? A week later I gave it to a 12 year old girl who loves it . Figures .
 This horrid lad - all over the tv and radio . * cries * . Cant bear it . He is a ex-boyband member -LRB- what could be worse , now really -RRB- with about as much talent as your average Joe Carew . Having to listen to most of this album while it being played in the background of a music shop . Cant I just browse for music in PEACE . And the videos ? What I have seen now this ` senorita ' is beyond stupidity . And have you with the ` rock your body ' video scenario ? Horrible , just horrible . Is he apparently the best looking lad ever ? * laughs *
 Oh Man.1.Senorita-This is the 4th single and it 's ok . 7/102 . Like I Love You - 1st single , this IS good . 10/103 . -LRB- Oh No -RRB- What You Got-Oh no , it stinks . 3/104 . Take It From Here-I do n't want you to be my MOM Justin . 2/105 . Cry Me A River-When that day comes I will cheer . 1/106 . Rock Your Body-Come here baby , I want you all night long . 2/107 . Nothin ' Else - Oh . 1/108 . Last Night-Pretty good . 8/109 . Still On My brain - OH MY GOD . 1/1010 . -LRB- And She Said -RRB- Take Me Now - It 's weird , because I like the song . :-D 8/1011 . Right For Me - ICK 1/1012 . Let 's Take A Ride - Pathetic . 1/1013 . Never Again - Pathetic . 1/1046/130 = 1 star
 Avoid this album at all costs ! It 's absolutely horrendous . The only good song is `` Cry Me a River '' and even that gets old after a few listens . Buy the single if you like that song . The rest of the album is crap and do n't waste your money !!
 While I applaud Justin Timberlake for attempting to distance himself from his boy group roots , his debut album `` Justified '' is certainly not the amazing masterpiece that his fans and some critics have made it out to be . It seems as if Michael Jackson -LRB- circa Off The Wall -RRB- was Timberlake 's muse when recording this album - he goes so far as to sing many of these songs in a falsetto in his attempts to pay homage to -LRB- or duplicate -RRB- Jackson.However , unlike Jackson , the subject matter of the songs sticks with one topic and one only - the object -LRB- s -RRB- of Timberlake 's affection , loving 'em and leaving 'em . This is the main reason for the album 's downfall , along with one of the common bonds that this album shares with 'N Sync - very little in the way of live instrumentation , although it does pop up here and there . Production from the Neptunes lends this album a veneer of credibility , but it is n't enough to salvage the weak material found here.Let 's take a look at the songs
 Listening to this horribly boring singer gave me a headache.Its truly the worst music Ive ever heard . If you want to hear great music , DONT buy this crappy cd .
 Why , why , why ? Justin Timberlake sings like he still has not reached puberty . His high pitched wailing is laughably hilarious , especially as I 'm trying to imagine him trying to `` rock my body '' . Whatever Justin . It comes off as whining rather than moaning . Some songs have a good hook , but it 's not really worth paying full price .
 What happend to the words of `` Pop '' ? They went down the drain as Justin traded in pop for the more profitible world of R&B , well ... not exactly , let me explain . Justin wowed at a VMA performance when he premiered his new single `` Like I Love You '' there . It was slick and linked by the strum of a guitar , not to mention featuring a killer rap from Virginia duo Clipse . 2nd single was the beat crazy `` Cry Me A River '' , which instantly dominated the radio . From there , I picked up the album and expected more of the same , I was sadly mistaken.If I waited till the 3rd single , I might have had a dead giveaway . With his 2 hits , is other flamboyant club flubs that do n't even render as listenable . Beat-boxing on ever tracks is unwelcome . Justin 's falsetto , which may seem cute at first like almost Darren Hayes reminisent , turns into more like Michael Jackson getting prodded with a taser.To be opitistic , `` Cry Me A River '' stayed the test of time , anf the Neptunes-producered `` Let 's Take A Ride '' is a slinky shimmer , which is Justin 's best track to date , including his days with 'N Sync . And `` Never Again '' -LRB- written beautifully by Brian McKnight -RRB- does n't suit Justin 's style , but it still decent enough.You could spend less time downloading the 2 decent tracks than actually going out to the store and buying it . And it 'll cost you a lot less . Old habits die HARD ...
 This album is only good by the singles -LRB- `` Like I Love You '' , `` Cry Me A River '' , `` Rock Your Body '' , `` Se & ntilde ; orita '' -RRB- , no other tracks are good , are pure fillers , maybe we can save `` take Me Now '' by the special appereance by the old Janet Jackson , not worth buy in it . Please bring back the comercial singles ! .
 Now , I never bought this album , but I used to have to listen to it in dance class every week for about 5 months . All Justin does is get his songs way over played and fools little kids and pathetic teenagers . I mean , how many times can you sing -LRB- if it 's even possible to figure out notes behind Justin 's horribe & amp ; quot ; voice & amp ; quot ;-RRB- & amp ; quot ; Senorita , I feel for you & amp ; quot ; ? Do n't hate me 'cause I have good taste in music . It 's not that I do n't like pop -LRB- I 'm a major Play fan , which has got to be the cutest , most cuddly bubblegum pop there is . -RRB- it 's just this should be classified under Miccellaneos -LRB- I 'm sure I spelled that wrong -RRB- .
 I browsed through the reviews trying to find an unbiased opinion , -LRB- which are few and far between -RRB- . Why do people write reviews that are full of bias when I 'm trying to decide if I want to buy a cd ? I do n't want to listening to rambling.Aside from my own rambling ... hee hee ... I can firmly say that I am not a Justin fan , and this album perpetuates my decision . Although there are some catchy rhymes and beats , this cd loses its shine as soon as you take the plastic wrap off of the case.Justified kicks off with Senorita - after a few listens when you find the melody , it becomes one of the strongest tracks . Like I Love You was interesting enough and I thought that maybe this Justin guy was n't so bad . Unfortunately ` What You Got Oh No ' was the beginning of a snowball flying down the mountain to hell . It is the most god-awful song I have ever heard that gave me a bad musical flashback of Jennifer Lopez 's musical slaying about Ben Affleck , ` her king ' . -LRB- Or recently deposed king , rather :-RRB- and the rest of the cd followed the same pattern.I must agree with the Justin-haters out there when I say that he 's the shaved white-boy clone of Michael Jackson . The bottom line
 This cd is not that good ! I do respect the fact that this one-time boy band member decided to work with some great producers for a more mature sound . However , when you really think about it , Justin is simply a product . Anybody with a decent voice can work with top notch producers and create a hit . That 's a no-brainer . I actually lost respect for the guy when he stated that his top cds for 2003 were 5O cent and Jay Z. I expected some more eclectic listening for someone who claims to have grown up with soul around his house . Where are the influential artists that inspired this album . He simply let the producers take over . His musical choices only confirmed what I had thought already - he 's a product . Why do we elevate these people to such heights ? For really great soul/r & b artists , listen to Sade or Jill Scott . These two `` artists '' are actively involved in the music they put out .
 i 'll be honest , i could n't even finish listening to the whole album . The singles themselves are crap ... with the exception of Like I Love You , because the guitar sounded amazing . there are too many sexual innuendos -LRB- naked by the end of this song ?!?! -RRB- . i also think he 's trying too much to be like Michael Jackson . We all know that MJ is one of JT 's idols and people ARE heavily influenced by their idols ... but c'mon ... to THIS extent ? and i have to say it ... senorita and rock your body are just about the stupidest songs i 've ever heard . His vocals are also extremely jarring as they 're too high pitched and whiny.Bottom line
 The only reason he won those grammies was because first he was overhyped and second was put into a category with older singers like Johnny Cash and Peter Zevon , people who do n't appeal to the typical demographic and audience these days . He had it easy . He didnt deserve to win . And since when did he win 5 grammies ... The reviewer below me must be what 11 or 12 year old teenybopper .
 Justin you are jealous of all the attention Clay Aiken gets . You are not as hot as he is , but you too do have something in common . Sucky cds ! Why do n't you go wine about being sorry for the wardrobe malfunction and stop infecting the masses with your crap about Britney doing you wrong . If she cheated its because you were n't man enough for my girl Brit !
 Okay , I read a review that said that all the one star reviews are coming from one person not willing to give out their name . Hey let me tell you something . That comment needs to be turned around . Where are all of these 5 star reviews coming . Either they are coming from one person or a bunch of littl 10 year olds who dig this kind of music and find it very touching . This is his crowd , the little kids . Be proud if you want to like such an example of an embarrasing hyena making a fool of himself.We all thought that Britney Spears would last as long as Madonna but look , she is already wearing out her star power . Justin , not nearly as good as her , though I do n't care for Britney , wo n't make it past a couple of more years.How can he even try to make an attempt of following the footsteps of Michael Jackson ? Okay , this person who does not even write meaningful lyrics and ca n't sing a note is far from Michael.Maybe he was in the same position as Janet Jackson during the Superbowl incident . He needed to boost his popularity and name because he realizes he 's fading away.I ca n't beleive the radio stations are pushing this music down our throats . Actually , they 're not even playing him anymore . Is it because he has n't released a recent single or just because the DJ 's are smart now ?! Oh , and for that comment about all the spelling errors on the one star reviews from the reviewers , why not notice those spelling errors from the 10 year old fans who submitted reviews?Oh and trust me , its stupid on your part to say that there is just one hater out there . I do n't hate Justin because he is an impersonator , but because he makes me sick . And trust me , he has millions if not hundreds of millions of haters above the age of 10 out there.Its foolish and you make an embarassment out of yourself when you give this transvestite a 5 star review . -LRB- Lets keep our names anonymous ! -RRB-
 Sounds like a million others . No , thank you . Just ca n't understand all the hype .
 For you youngsters , the riff from `` Cry Me A River '' is a rip off of a Led Zeppelin tune very poorly executed . Any way you slice it , this is very poor pop . Sorry to be the conduit of bad news but Justin has no vocal ability .
 I cant believe people consider this music . I guess this is what is meant by Bottom of the Barrel . Senorita has to be one of the most stupid songs especially at the end when he has the guys sing one part and the girls sing another , that was just plain stupid . Rock Your Body sounds like a Michael Jackson rip of song and Cry Me A River is just one of those typical ballads to get a song on the billboard charts and maintain a career . I suggest not buying this .
 I somehow took this album home from one of my mates -LRB- female -RRB- who deeply recommended that I should let this seemingly talentless bloke sing through my speakers.I must say that I really hate Justin Timberlake . His sad dancing deserves him to the kicked out of him . Who the heck does he think he is . Also , I despise the threat that he poses in reviving Michael Jackson , who is an absoulte ... -LRB- apart from his early stuff -RRB- whos `` save the world songs '' and all the other ones that he did n't write make me sick.Therefore , as you can imagine , I was going to take a lot for this arrogant `` artist '' to impress me . However , I always give an album a chance ... And on tht note , he definetely is not the talentless guy that I thought he was . Having said that , I think he will always be overrated . The album in general is quite strong throughout and , although his voice does annoy me a lot , the music for its audience seems pretty good . It is n't just an album of which its only highlights are the singles . That is not hard though because if Call me a River was a highlight , I would n't want to listen to the rest . ... So therefore , I rated it a two star . It certainly does not deserve a one but any that would rate it as high as a four or five , I feel sorry for ye . Maybe its time you looked for some decent stuff to listen to.Advice to lads . If you are going to use his dance moves at a club or whatever , you will have the spotlight , only expect to get beaten in badly you ...
 Am I the only one that thinks this cd is boring ? Like I Love You is awesome , Cry Me a River is interesting , Rock Your Body is enjoyable , but the rest . . really it 's not that great . Someone please get him back with Max Martin .
 OK ... Justin just jumped on the R&B ; / hip-hop bandwagon ... This CD is just one more Timbaland and Neptunes production . There 's nothing special about it . I really do n't understand all the hype.Besides , he 's trying WAY too hard ...
 I wrote my original review on the day the album came out . I had listened to it once through . I had originally given it 3 out of 5 stars . Now , after more days of listening to it , the album has gone down even more ... down to 2 stars . The only good songs are CRY ME A RIVER , ROCK YOUR BODY and NEVER AGAIN . Even LIKE I LOVE YOU is getting on my nerves . Justin has a great voice but not in this style ... better luck next time !
 I have owned this recording for years and have kept it only because the men , Giuseppe Morino and Paolo Coni are very good . However , I have severe reservations about Nicolescu . The more dramatic the situation , the slower and softer she sings . She works against the music with such determination that this listener finds her both stylistically and musically wrong for the role . The conductor is either unable or unwilling to deal with her truly perverse approach . The best Maria imaginable is Roma Sitran in the 1957 Bergamo broadcast . Roma lives the role dramatically in a way that will probably never be bettered , and does so with no vocal compromises whatsoever . Hers is a performance for the ages , and alas , one that is most difficult to live up to . Neither Gruberova nor Scotto equal her , and excellent as Zeani is I will still choose Roma . Unfortunately , her performance , once available on HRE LPs , seems never to have been transferred to CD and is unobtainable in any format at this point . Pity !
 I was hoping to hear some different Frank Marino recordings , but was dissapointed to see that this is nothing other than a compilation from previous albums . If you are a collector of his music I suggest to avoid this one . There is nothing new here .
 How can someone say this CD is great ? Is he a real Maiden fan ? Any reasonable Maiden fan -LRB- although fans are not reasonable , normally ! -RRB- know this CD sucks . Let 's see why . First of all , of the 12 songs included , five of them are totally horrible , disgusting , just fillers
 I bought this cd in hopes that it would follow the same style I had seen in other maiden albums I own -LRB- Brave new world , Ed hunter , Piece of mind -RRB- . However , the first time I listened to this one , my first thought was that maiden has gone soft . The only songs I enjoyed are `` Fear of the Dark '' and `` Be quick or be dead '' . This one seems very mellow and pales in comparison to other albums .
 The most powerful pipes in metal take a coffee break on this album . Its hard to believe , in the midst of `` From Here To Eternity '' this is the same guy singing who brought us `` Run To The Hills '' . Another neo-prog Steve Harris dominated affair , the production is flat , with distant Bruce and poor Nicko suffering the most . There are some pretty decent tracks on here - `` Be Quick Or Be Dead '' and Bruce perks up a little on the silly `` Weekend Warrior '' . There 's also a lot more interesting prog-like song structure with `` Afraid to Shoot Strangers '' and `` Fear of the Dark '' . Such musical adventure would be much appreciated on an album with good songs . At least _ No_Prayer_For_The_Dying _ , insipid as it was , still had a really loose sense of fun about it . This is the insufferably dreary , misanthropic second-cousin to _ 7th_Son_of_a_7th_Son , although I ca n't help but think it would have been helped by Steve Harris not hanging around behind the console . 2-1/2 stars
 FOTD is by far the weakest Maiden album with Bruce Dickinson on vocals , and out of Maiden 's 15 studio albums , I would rank this piece o ' work number 13 -LRB- just above the Blaze albums sitting at the bottom of the pile -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong , I think `` Be Quick or Be Dead '' , `` From Here To Eternity '' , and the title track are all decent Maiden cuts , but the other nine songs are completely disposable in my opinion . Most of the music here is more straight-forward hard rock and the lyrics are very lackluster compared to previous Maiden efforts . I know the general population of Maiden fans consider `` No Prayer for the Dying '' to be the weakest offering with Bruce on vocals , but I 'll take that record over FOTD any day . Thank the beast that these guys brought Bruce and Adrian back into the fold in the 21st century and redeemed themselves after a rather rough decade . Oh , and who the hell thought turning Eddie into a tree was a good idea ? Download the three tracks listed above and forget the rest of this boring album .
 By far not Iron Maidens best material , some riffs and songs are good , but it looks like they were in a rush to complete this project and leaves you feeling like they fell short of what an Irom Maiden fan would expect from such a great metal band .
 weakest maiden album along with ` dance of death , ' and ` brave new morld ' if you want great maiden check out powerslave .
 BE QUICK OR BE DEAD-5 / 10FROM HERE TO ETERNITY-2 / 10AFRAID TO SHOOT STRANGERS-3 / 10FEAR IS THE KEY-5 / 10CHILDHOOD 'S END-4 / 10WASTING LOVE-4 / 10THE FUGITIVE-5 / 10CHAINS OF MISERY-6 / 10THE APPARITION-4 / 10JUDAS BE MY GUIDE-6 / 10WEEKEND WARRIOR-5 / 10FEAR OF THE DARK-7 / 10
 This was the last studio album featuring Dickinson before hje came back to BRAVE NEW WORLD . The signals of strain are clear for all to see here . My God , what are `` WEEKEND WARRIOR '' and `` THE APPARITION '' ??!! Two of the wrost Maiden songs in the same CD !! And what about WASTED LOVE ??!! Nothing at all against ballads , but this one is just horrible !!! And what to say about Nicko 's drums ?? Where did they take this sound from ?? It killed all the majestry fom Nicko 's playing . . Maiden to be forgotten . And FROM HERE TO ETERNITY , a copy of HOLY SMOKE ??!!! Well , I sold my copy of this CD some days ago , and that 's why I 'm writing this sad review , to make plain for all to see how Maiden declined forever ...
 Dickinson , always aware of what is going on in the muscial scenario , quited at the right time . What is this on this album ? Mediocre , horrible songs like `` Wasted Love '' , `` The Apparition '' , mescled with the classic tittle track . Guitarrist Jannick Gers added almost nothing to the band , and the reflect is this .
 This is clearly one of the worst albums by Iron Maiden . Bruce Dickinson seemed bored with the material . Many of the songs are monotonous and boring . The only real standout songs on the album are `` Fear of the Dark '' , `` Afraid to Shoot Strangers '' and `` The Fugitive '' . Iron Maiden would bounce back later with `` The X Factor '' .
 This was Maiden 's worst until Steve hired Blaze !! The production is poor , Bruce 's vocals are his WORST ever , and the songs are just LACKING !! Bruce did well to leave this sinking ship ! Steve is really killing this ONCE great band . If not for `` Childhood 's End '' , this cd would have NO stars !! Do n't waste your money !!
 No matter how you cut it , this is another disappointing album in the post-Adrian Smith era ... I will agree with the fans who say this is a must own , if only so you can see how different Maiden sounds from the Smith era to the Janick Gers era ... the album has some promising songs on it , from `` Be Quick or Be Dead '' , `` Afraid to Shoot Strangers '' , `` Childhood 's End '' , `` Judas be My Guide '' & `` Fear of the Dark '' to the so-so in `` From Here to Eternity '' , `` Fear is the Key '' & `` Chains of Misery '' to the horrible in `` Wasting Love '' , `` The Fugitive '' , `` The Apparition '' & `` Weekend Warrior '' . What 's the major problem ? The same problem I pointed out in my `` No Prayer for the Dying '' review
 bought this when it was first released . did n't like it back then , and do n't like now . Weak maiden album .
 I cant imagine how anyone could think Janick Gers is maiden quaility . I find his guitar sound irritating and flashy . What a waste . Otherwise maidens remaining members are hangin in there .
 Dear comrades
 Here to Eternity ? Weekend Warrior ? Give me a break ! Pretty Weak ... . I hate the stupid bar band stuff . Maiden wrote smarter songs before.Anything From the 80 's would suit better if you are new to Maiden ... . There was no growth here at all . There are a couple goodies here too . BE quick is OK , Fear of is OK , Just not enough to make it worthwhile . Try Brave New World . Adrian is back and it has many better songs
 If I was n't such a nice guy , I 'd say that Iron Maiden -LRB- i.e. Steve Harris -RRB- have written the same song over and over again with a little variation from time to time . And this release `` Fear of the dark '' is no exception . The title track is by far the best song but that does n't really say much . `` Fear of the dark '' is mainly for -LSB- real -RSB- Maiden fans , others will find much more pleasure in earlier efforts like `` The number of the beast '' or `` Piece of mind '' .
 `` No Prayer For the Dying '' was the last quality Maiden album . Even though they sounded old and tired every song was decent . `` Fear '' is a total hit and miss affair . A first for Maiden . A crack in the armour that has only gotten worse since the unspeakable horror that is Blaze or whatever that singer 's name is . Do n't even get me started on Gers . The biggest long haired -LSB- person -RSB- that ever strapped on a guitar . Not only are his guitar solos utterly horrific he is the worst heavy metal performer in history bar none . Prancing around the stage like a long haired ballerina in tennis shoes . I saw them on this tour and the arena was half full . In the 80 's the same arena was so packed you could n't movean inch . Alas , a sign of the times . Nirvana and Co. single handedly destroyed our beloved 80 's metal . Bruce saw the writing on the wall and bailed out just in time . BTW , his solo albums arelight years ahead of the -LSB- stuff -RSB- Maiden put out after this one .
 I think this album was a case of a band who were beginning to run low on new ideas . Only half the tracks are anywhere near Maiden 's normal high standards , Bruce sounds like a cross between Ronnie Dio and Brian Johnson from AC/DC ! Be Quick , Weekend Warrior and FOTD are the highlights of this , their 9th studio outing , the rest is mediocre at best . Not a patch on 1988 's brilliant Seventh Son of a Seventh Son , one of the best albums of all time in my humble opinion , the last great Maiden album before this . The absence of Adrian Smith was beginning to show . Inspiration was clearly lacking -LRB- a bit like Rush during the Grace Under Pressure / Powerwindows era -RRB- and Bruce left a year later . I write this review after the recent release of the amazing `` Wicker Man '' single which is riding high in the U.K. charts and it 's obvious Maiden NEED Adrian Smith . He is the main cog of the band in my opinion , and their best songs are penned by or with him , as well as the best guitar solos -LRB- Alexander the Great should prove this -RRB- FOTD conjures up hideous and embarrassing images from the 80 's of Ronnie Dio fighting enemies with swords and defending castles , if you see what I mean ! It 's just too naff ! Maiden are much better than this , as the new Brave New World album will show . All bands have low points , and this album is one of theirs . But I think after the effort and sheer hard work that they have put in to British music in the past 20 years we can forgive them . Up the Irons !
 With so many good to absolutly superb albums in Maiden 's catalog , it was somewhat of a shocker that Maiden pretty much laid an egg on this album . `` Seventh Son of the Seventh Son '' and `` No Prayer for the Dying '' werent in the same class of `` Number of the Beast '' and `` Somewhere in Time '' but still solid albums . `` Fear of the Dark '' is a strange album from Maiden , as it seems riddled with songs shifting from real knockouts such as `` Be quick or be dead '' and `` fear of the dark '' to boring , slow and un-Maiden like `` Wasting Love '' and `` Chains of Misery '' . In fact , out of the tweleve tracks here , I only like six of them , and thats a disaster for a Maiden album , when on most Maiden albums , I usually dont skip over tracks , or maybe just one . But six awful songs is to much for a great progressive Metal band like Maiden -LRB- yes I said Progressive Metal , Maiden isnt Hair , Power , or Arena Metal , thank you -RRB- . The only other Maiden album that is this bad out of their entire catalog was `` x Factor '' with the un-listenble Blaze Baily . Maybe some think that having a singer that sounds exactly like the past vocalist is fine -LRB- Ripper Ownes anyone from Priest -RRB- but I think its a disgrace . Thankfully Bruce would return to Maiden , and make some solid albums , but if you really are looking for more of an older sounding , more Progressive type of Maiden , then please check out Bruce ` solo albums `` Chemical Wedding '' & the amazing masterpiece `` Tyranny of Souls ''
 Alright , i just want to make one thing clear here ... Now , i grew up listining to iron maiden , because of their original and great master pieces but `` fear of the dark '' is horrible . Their worst album to date . I love classic albums like `` seventh son of a senventh son '' , `` power slave '' , `` Killers '' , '' number of the beast '' , and my all time most cherish and proud albums of all `` somewhere in time '' ... All the albums i named are classics , and made me proud to be an fan but `` fear of the dark '' is very disapointing . I have to admit that , it made me fallsleep while listining to this ... album . Iron maiden is an awsome band , with songs that no other band can outdo todate . Their far from bands like guns and roses , metallica , slayer and s.o.d. , iron maiden is the best one out of all of them ... I realy do love iron maiden alot but this album is just plain garbage and if you been an maiden fan you will agree . Do n't purchase this piece of ... !
 I 'm a huge MAIDEN fan . After Adrian left , I never tought the band would fall so hard ... Steve Harris doens ' t kniow how to produce a metal album , and this was clear in the awful sound in `` NO PRAYER '' and in thsi `` FEAR ... '' . LEt 's analyse the songs : * SHEER FILLERS , BELOW MAIDEN STANDARD HIGH QUALITY
 another weak iron maiden album . buy piece of mind or killer 's for a killer maiden album .
 sorry but I think it realy sucks it was the first iron madien cd I ever got and it almost made me think the band sucked . it is 2 slow for me and my metal needs .
 when i bought this album several years ago , i had recently become a fan of Iron Maiden . having heard plenty of the classic maiden stuff , i bought this album . what a mistake ! this cd , -LRB- with the exception of tracks 1 & 2 -RRB- was awful . i had fallen in love with maiden 's fabulous guitars and songwriting , but this album , -LRB- as well as all of those after powerslave -RRB- was a huge disapointment . do not buy this record .
 This album is for the most part uninspired . With songs like `` Weekend Warrior '' and `` Chains of misery '' , It is obvious that this is not the maiden we remember from the 80 's . The vocal effort is clearly lacking on Bruce 's part.The only songs on this album that remain true to Maiden are `` Childhoods end '' and `` Afraid to shoot strangers '' . To put it Bluntly this album is Maidens worst .
 This was the last straw for Bruce Dickinson , who left the band soon after the tour of the album , because he knew things were not going to develop.FEAR OF THE DARK could be a great album , had it not be for some unebeliavable trash songs they included here
 If you 're new to Iron Maiden , you 're probably wondering what albums to buy . Let me warn you
 Never could get on with this album . I thought No Prayer For The Dying was average -LRB- a shock for a Maiden fan from the old days -RRB- but this one is downright awful . I was moderately hopeful when the single of Be Quick Or Be Dead was released , but this album crushed those hopes . Some of the vocals are okay -LRB- Childhood 's End -RRB- and the title track finally made some kind of sense after seeing it live ... but no thanks .
 This IS Iron Maiden 's second lowest point -LRB- with Bruce . -RRB- After feeling they had gotten too far away from what Iron Maiden really `` was '' after Seventh Son , they decided to go back to their roots and pump out a pure metal album . The result , No Prayer For The Dying . After that flat out disappointing album , Iron Maiden comes out with Fear of the Dark . Unlike NPFtD this album DOES have some stand out tracks . But , is it good ? Not good at all ... in the world of Iron Maiden anyway . For many other bands , this would be considered quite ok.While Fear of the Dark has it 's extremely low points , it also holds some very GOOD songs , and probably one of the most familiar to Maiden fans.Fear of the Dark has three very good songs on it in my oppinion . The rest sink into mederocity or even , dare I say it , badness . What is it that this album is missing ? In my oppinion it is all too much the same , and it lacks that emotionalism you get from any album before No Prayer For The Dying.My personal favorites are : Wasting Love
 I 'm a huge fan of Iron Maiden , and I bought this album early on when I first started getting into them and it turned me off for a while . It 's lacking something , but I ca n't quite pin it -LRB- cough ! - Bruce 's voice - cough Adrian Smith - Cough ! Cough ! - Good songwriting - Cough ! -RRB- .1 . Be Quick or Be Dead -LRB- 10/10 -RRB- A great opener like classics `` Invaders '' and `` Aces High `` 2 . From Here to Eternity -LRB- 8/10 -RRB- Hell ai n't a bad place . But this album is .3 . Afraid to Shoot Strangers -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- I cringe .4 . Fear Is the Key -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- I cringe some more .5 . Childhood 's End -LRB- 5/106 . Wasting Love -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- 7 . Fugitive -LRB- 5/10 -RRB- 8 . Chains of Misery -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- 9 . Apparition -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- 10 . Judas Be My Guide -LRB- 4/10 -RRB- 11 . Weekend Warrior -LRB- 2/10 Make it stop12 . Fear of the Dark -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- The best Iron Maiden song ever !!! Bar-none it 's a classic ! On a terrible album . But this version is terrible compared to any time they played it live . There is something wrong with Bruce 's voice .
 I heard the track `` Lisa Told Me '' on Mojo Magazine 's punk sampler CD and was thoroughly impressed . The aforementioned song is a feedback-laden , rhythmic piece of punk perfection ! Not pop at all , but definitely musical . I bought the disc based on this single track ... and I think I made a mistake . Most of the cuts are full of lead vocals screaming over layers of guitar without a hint of the musicianship displayed on `` Lisa Told Me . ''
 STREETWIZE - SMOOTH URBAN JAZZThis CD dropped in late April and I do n't know how I missed checkin it out . With the success of Hidden Beach Recordings `` Unwrapped '' , the breakthrough jazz/hip hop project , you knew there was gon na be some copycat recordings . Kim Watters , the popular saxophonist , is the main artist on this project . I 'd have to say though that I 'm a little disappointed with the result here . The CD starts with a smooth version of Aaliyah 's `` Rock da Boat '' . It 's nice but nothing to write home about . It 's followed by a cool version of `` Izzo '' . They install some organs into the mix to accompany the saxophone and some DJ cuts also . Then comes Shaggy 's `` It Was n't Me '' , a song i already disliked and not made any better with this version . The problem is the saxophone tries to keep up the pace of the lyrics to that song , instead of developing his own flow to the baseline . All of these selections are purely musical , with the occasional chorus sung . Most of the time they could have done without the chorus . Mystikals `` Shake It Fast '' makes an appearance that 's real nice . Sounds like they used a sample from the MJ song `` Ca n't Let Her Get Away '' from the Dangerous CD . Clearly the highlight to this CD is the Ginuwine cut `` Differences '' . This song is perfect for a Jazz version , and it 's done perfectly here . the production is crisp on this song and there is a 20 sec note hold , a Kenny G trick , that set 's it off . An instant classic remake . The only other highlight to this CD is `` Always on Time '' . , which features more organs and flows on its on , not following the Ja/Ashanti pace . The problem with this CD is it was n't conceptionalized like `` Unwrapped '' . No mixing of the songs at all . Back in the Mid 90 's it was popular for a Jazz artist to include a `` urban '' remake on his CD . All these songs on their own as `` guest '' songs on another CD would be cool , but collectively they do n't have the fire to set it off . This CD is decent , good for those who live by urban radio but really do n't venture to the jazz market .
 simply put , fans of maysa and kym waters and all the ` sounds ' that they expound upon , go out and get this !!! yall will love it ... this is the epitome of the true sound of the style that some folks call ` smooth ' jazz ... but alas ... this is not for me !!! i 'm not hating on the talent of the folks involved in smooth jazz , because they are highly skilled ... this is just boring and unappealing to me , mostly because i am a fan of the original songs played here and some sad-justice is being done with these interpretations !!!
 These bands had so many better songs than the ones selected here . When I think shoegazer , I think a wonderful AM drone ... and this just is n't it . The songs sound so much more like Ride 's Twisterella era music than Nowhere . And the singing on many of the tracks is flat and off key .
 I THOUGH YOU GUY 'S WOULD HELP YOUNG PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO LIKE FUNK AND SOUL TO KEEP IT ALIVE.BUT WHAT IS THIS MEN.You started taking the horn away jt , Mickens , curtis went then you started puting hard guitars.Men try to stay by one thing please.As the year 's go on you are just producing bad things except the video 's ...
 first off i 'm mad at amazon.com for not having a slot for 1/2 a star . Because this album is TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is by far the worst commercially released album i have ever heard . did anyone even listen to it when they mixed and mastered it ????? I 'm not going into how great they were in the 70 's or how good the songs were in the 80 's ... cause it would only cheapen the experience . . I 'm totally mortified by this album . look at bands like the roots , a group that uses the sound of early kool and the gang to ROCK shows . . TOTAL dissapointment . dont EVER make another album please ...
 There are a couple of good songs on here , but way too much hip hop . What happened to classy vocals backed by blazing horns ? Yes , I miss JT on lead vocals . Chucki Booker -LRB- remember him ? -RRB- did some vocal work on the `` Sweat '' release , he would have been a great replacement . As far as JT less KT&G goes , I 'd recommend the `` Sweat '' or `` Unite '' releases .
 True fans of Kool & The Gang will be greatly disappointed by this farce of an album ! It is far from `` Something Special '' and should cause no `` Celebration '' . It 's rap , rap rap , with three capital `` C 's '' !!! Apparently the Bell family is no longer interested in REAL MUSIC . If it were possible to give NEGATIVE stars , this effort -LRB- of lack there of -RRB- should be in the double-digits .
 basically , this sucks . It 's so bad I ca n't think of anything good or bad to say about it .
 I stumbled across this while I was looking for a replacement for the Betrayal single I 've worn out over the years . I have this on vinyl as well and never thought much of it . I was disappointed by it when it came out . It seemed like a watered down N.O. / C.O.X. / L.L. Nothing worth more than $ 15 for sure !
 marilyn sells to the stupidity of the american audience . he is merely an act that focuses in on the troubled teens in america and around the globe . just when people begin to catch on , he changes his image so kids will want to discover his newest side , which requires buying his cd . he may be a good buisness man , but the image that he represents is one of disturbing self hatred . he just troubles more and more teens and continues to represent everything that america is not and will never be , that is , a hellish warzone filled with sick images of self hatred and self mutilation . everything that he represents is wrong and the less people that listen to his music the better . remember , at the end of the day , he takes of the makeup and counts the profits that he has made off of al those gullable teens while those same teens go home with thier built up self hatred formed from the angry lyrics of the sick , distorted man by whom we call by the equally sick name , manson .
 I 've never really liked marylin manson he/she is not one of my favorites , definitely . Out of all of his songs I 've only liked 2 , Beautiful People and Dope Show . Dope Shope , I got ta admit is pretty darn good . It 's just Marylin Manson that ticks me off . Why does he act so stupid , I mean people that follow his example take drugs or are probably going to end up taking drugs and/or do stuff that is or already did mess up their lives . I know some of the rumors going around are n't true , but I mean come on people , WHAT is Marylin Manson !
 Ugh . . who likes this trash ? Like most glam bands . . totally hype.Judgement day is coming . . do n't listen to this garbage . .
 I only like a few Marilyn Manson songs . And I totally despise his behaviour . This is crazy ... He makes himself look like a trainspotter -LRB- if he is n't -RRB- . This last album was n't grand at all ! I would n't recommend anyone to buy it .
 I 'm not sure what happened.Here 's 1 theory
 So people wont shoot artists like marilyn manso
 This is Manson 's worst CD to date . From 1992-1998 he was my god , but this CD was so bad I ended up destroying it . Manson 's new CD , Holywood is awesome . Whatever you do do n't buy Mechanical Animals it 's just bad with one good song , I Do n't Like Drugs .
 I loved the bagpipes solo in track 3 . The tin whistle section was also a highlight . The classical piano overtones in the title track were very imaginatly presented , espiacially in the concerto section were the conducter of Manson 's orchestra double the tempo of the operatic section . The opera vocalists in this album are certainly the breaking point of this of his panflute skills . This album is a very happy sounding album . It is very merry .
 If you love Marilyn Manson , you 'll hate Mechanical Animals . If you 've always thought Marilyn Manson was a bit too much , this is the album for you . The thing that always kept my generation glued to Manson was n't the antics , the devil , or the shock value -LRB- despite popular belief -RRB- . It was the sheer musical emotion , and the way lyrics like `` just a boy , just a little f *** ing boy , I can never be a man '' and `` You never ever believed in me , I am your tournaquit '' seemed to echo the feelings we were struggling with.Unless you 're a fashion designer , a make-up artist for a movie studio , or a heroin addict stripped of all feeling whatsoever , chances are Marilyn Manson wo n't say that much that anyone could ever identify with on this release . And as far as cutting edge musicianship ... . well , no.Highlghts Rock is Better Than Dead * Great Big White World Low LightsPretty much everything else having anything to do with this album , the tour that follows , or any artwork herein .
 If you love Marilyn Manson , you 'll hate Mechanical Animals . If you 've always thought Marilyn Manson was a bit too much , this is the album for you . The thing that always kept my generation glued to Manson was n't the antics , the devil , or the shock value -LRB- despite popular belief -RRB- . It was the sheer musical emotion , and the way lyrics like `` just a boy , just a little f *** ing boy , I can never be a man '' and `` You never ever believed in me , I am your tournaquit '' seemed to echo the feelings we were struggling with.Unless you 're a fashion designer , a make-up artist for a movie studio , or a heroin addict stripped of all feeling whatsoever , chances are Marilyn Manson wo n't say that much that anyone could ever identify with on this release . And as far as cutting edge musicianship ... . well , no.Highlghts Rock is Better Than Dead * Great Big White World Low LightsPretty much everything else having anything to do with this album , the tour that follows , or any artwork herein .
 Manson 's `` Mechanical Animals '' is a fair follow-up to his `` Antichrist Superstar . '' The album does lack musical talent . Although he has tried numerous times , he can not top his older songs which were much more robust and angry . Manson has now done what most artists eventually do ... sell out .
 This album , honestly , sucks . It has a completely different sound than AntiChrist Superstar . No Manson screaming , no pounding guitars ... the beats are recycled 80 's type techno . Where 's the Manson of old ? No raw energy on this . It all sounds too musical . Marilyn Manson got millions of fans with AntiChrist Superstar . Great album . Diehard Manson fans wo n't believe what they are hearing when they get this . It 's a totally new sound , and other than Dope Show , there 's nothing worth listening to . And that 's coming from a longtime Manson fan .
 what 's sad about this cd is that brian warner might have had a chance at actually creating a band with talent had he not decided to go the way he has , creating a falsified image of his ideals with a girl 's name , weird clothes and promoting himself as an individual while encouraging a cult following . His music is interesting in some asp-ects but talk about wasted potential . He 's capitalising on the american teenager 's need to be different , an iconolast , an original . What 's ironic is that everyone who calls themselves mansonites is trying as hard as possible to be like him so that they can be different . that 's not very individual fellas , if you ask me .
 Just like when the Door 's catered to the general public with `` Touch Me '' . Recording this album was no more ingenious than if Manson had picked his nose .
 My God , what a pittiful followup to such great , hard-hitting albums as AntiChrist Superstar and Portait of an American Family . This is the worst MM album to date . If it has any redeeming value I am at a complete loss to find it . So if you loved MM 's other albums avoid this one at all costs . If you still think its worth your time you can have my copy 'cause I 'm sure as hell never listening to it again .
 I have nothing against Marilyn Manson and have all of his other albums and have been one of his many supporters since his awkward years in Florida . When I heard this album I nearly died of complete disgust . He says that this album is his post inauguration and that he 's found where his compromise between the extremes of his soul . Well if it is I guess I wo n't be buying anymore Marilyn Manson albums . If anything needs to be found it should be Brian Warner , the boy who just loved rock and roll . I think he actually thinks he 's his stage name , Marilyn Manson . Before he makes anymore music he needs to find himself because even if Marilyn Manson has come out of his worm stage and gotten his wings , his soul , Brian Warner , is long gone and now feeding the worms .
 This is sad . Case in point
 I know grunge was a reactionary movement , and had to die sooner or later . But has n't it taught us a few things ? Like `` wearing red jumpsuits with sequins really is n't that cool '' ? This album heralds the return of glam . It is a load of the most prodigious tripe I 've ever heard . Sometimes his lyrics seem intriguing , but on closer analysis they all seem to be about selling out , which is pretty corny , and a bit rich coming from this darling of MTV . Manson 's excuse for his sensationalism and ludicrous clothing is that he is trying to `` make people think '' . He comments on commercial by being `` faker than fake '' . Well it is n't . It 's just fake .
 Marilyn Manson reminds you of that famous quote -- was it H.L. Mencken who said it ? -- `` Never underestimate the stupidity of the American public . '' Let 's add to that , `` especially the stupidity of American teenagers . '' Manson 's industrial-terror stuff was really tedious , but at this point in the game the man really should get his own tunes . If it 's David Bowie you want then , for God 's sake , buy Ziggy Stardust . Pissing off Christian America is hardly an accomplishment , either . Gay America does that easily enough , and for reasons that are far more important and meaningful .
 The singing over-powered the music so much , made it difficult to enjoy the flow of the opera .
 There are some good songs on the cd like intergerlatic and one other . However , if you like the Beastie Boys , the classic songs and albums are much better !!!!! Do n't waste your money .
 The Beastie Boys are not the same on this album . They have 22 songs and only one of them -LRB- Intergalactic -RRB- became a hit ? That just does n't make sense . The songs are a lot less humorous than their best album , `` Liscensed to Ill '' , and on half the songs the lead singer sounds screwed up . I have barely listened to it since i bought it in February . Do not buy this album if you want to hear some good beastie boys tracks . Instead by `` Liscensed to Ill '' or `` Sounds of Science '' . The reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 ? The song Intergalatic , which is awesome .
 The biggest problem with this album is that the Fatboy Slim remix of `` Body Movin ' '' is the best song ... and it 's not actually on the CD ! I appreciate experimental hip-hop , but the Beastie Boys seem to have hit upon the boring , uninventive side of experimentation . Why , for instance , do they `` sing '' on so many tracks ? -LRB- See Mos Def for a rapper who can sing hooks or whole songs if he wants to . -RRB- I wanted to like this CD for years because I know that the Beasties are living legends . Sadly , the fact that this is the first CD I bought from them will keep me from ever exploring their legacy more closely . Try anything by Blackalicious , The Roots , or Common instead for some more well thought out hip-hop experimentation .
 All of the good songs from `` Hello Nasty '' are all on the Beastie 's 2 CD set . The remix version of `` Body Movin ' '' is better on `` The Science of things '' too . Not many good songs on this CD . Definately not great .
 This album was over rated as far as beats and quality overall . I like rap and never discriminate against an artist because he or she has a different style , but point blank is this album s # $ % s . It is alright in some of the beats , but this is the worst sampling and mixing I have heard in rap . They lack rhyming skills and could have done better on the production . Buy at your own risk !!
 A tired and worn-out melange of crap . It 's like someone left Paul 's Boutique out in the sun for 10 years - bleached and lily-white .
 This CD was pretty good . I am not a HUGE fan of rap , but I 'm sure you would give this a full 5 stars if you were a rap fan . I love some of the songs though .
 This album is so awful that I sold it the day after I bought it . I think the Beastie Boys should go home to their mole hole ... Beastie Boys get P.S. For some real Rap , go and purchase Juveniles ' 400 Degrees .
 They suck so bad ! They do n't sing good . AWFUL ! AWFUL!AWFUL
 worst beasties album ... ever . stinks on ice . sounds like it was recorded in a few hours after the guys took some bad drops and then for some reason started thinking disco and robotic voices were cool .
 I used to be a big fan of the Beastie Boys when I was young , but now that I have actually had the pressure relieved of listening to be `` cool '' , I can make my own decisions on what is good or bad , without the media or MTV messing around with my head ... I look back on Beastie Boys ' old stuff and some of it was really good , but I can no longer stand the corny voices . Once I bought this CD , hoping the Boys would change , I was officially out of my teen years . This CD is terrible , with the exception of the listenable pop songs `` Intergalactic '' , `` Body Movin '' and . . Oh ya that 's it , the rest all are terrible
 i dont care how this cd was made . its still the worst beast boy cd to date . im sure the next one will be even worse . the videos are also getting worse . im embaressed that these washed up white boys got the mtv best rap video award over buster rymes . the beasties stole part of busters style and songs and did a hack job of it . just like they stole other rappers styles . if they want to go off into rehab programs and find god , thats ok . but why would they make such a bad cd ?
 After buying this CD on the evidence of hearing the first track in a club , I unfortunately found this to be the worst CD I have ever actually purchased . Fortunately I was able to get a refund .
 This CD can be considered one of their worst
 I only gave this CD a star because it was the lowest rating possible , otherwise I would n't have given it anything . I 'm embarressed for the Beastie Boys because , frankly , `` Intergalatic '' is the worst song I have ever heard . I am offended by the this band 's arrogance to obviously put no effort into this collection and expect people to buy it . What 's even worse , even harder to imagine , is that anyone could like this crap .
 b
 Its a beastie album , but their worst yet . It 's as bad as Pauls Botique , if not worse . I was sorely dissapointed with the album . Its leading track `` Intergalatic '' , is an ok song but annoying after a few times . It is a very weak track to lead an album with . If I were you I would save my money for ill communication and license to ill the best beastie albums
 the beastie boys are spoiled rotten . they have writers block . they s * ck as musicians . they barely have any new creative ideas . they are n't that funny anymore . they just are n't trying . grnadroyal is a corperate vanity project without street cred . the beasties have not supported alternative hip hop because they know that there are about 20-100 kids in each american city who can house them . pop culture needs to wake up to this . the beastie boys need to wake up to this . if i was them i would be embaressed to put out a record this wack . i would have shelved this attrocity . please boycott the beastie boys until they make a decent effort.i ca n't say the beasties s * ck because it does n't even sound like they are trying .
 I first got this cd as recommended from a friend , and i was appalled at the waste of their talent ! Not only was the only good song intergalactic , but that was n't even too good ! I own every single beastie boys cd , but this one SUCKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you feel you disagree or agree with me , please e-mail me .
 I am a long-time Beastie fan , but their newest CD is just not up to par . Sure , I like the song Intergalactic , but that is just about all I like . Their old CD 's are easy to listen to over and over again , but this one gets old after the first few songs . All in all , it is not worth the 15 bucks you 'll have to pay for it .
 I was fairly disappointed with Hello Nasty . There was only one good song on the whole cd -LRB- Super disco breakin -RRB- . I would recommend Ill communication to all beastie boy fans . I hope they go back to their other style -LRB- rap/rock -RRB- !
 By far the worst album I have ever heard . Just plain annoying !
 Good god what an awful CD I like the beastie boys licens to ill but this cd was nasty . There is one good song that is interglactic
 To be honest , I 'm not a Beastie Boys fan . Nor will I ever be . The CD is not fun to listen to . I do n't know any better way to put it . I do n't see what all the hype is about either . It 's just a bunch of white guys trying to do some kind of disco/techno/rap . I emphasize the word `` try '' . The only song that I can stand is Intergalactic . I could n't the first five times I heard it , either . I had to desensitize myself to it .
 Im a huge BEastie Boys fan and this album was a bit of a dissapointment . Sure if this were any other band they would have 3 , maybe 4 stars but from the Beasties this reeks of laziness . Gone is the inventiveness they displayed in their albums up to Check your head , and to a lesser extent Ill Communication . Instead its just same old same old . Its not a bad album per se , its just from the Beasties I would expect more you know . And well the approach to most the songs is formulaic . Except for Instant Death which is a touching moment of such warmth . I dont know why but that song really touched me . Apart from that Id say avoid if you are a true Beasties fan cos it is kind of a dissapointment , otherwise a fairly decent 90 's hip-hop thang .
 The first time I listened to Hello Nasty I thought it was a good but not great album . After hearing it a few times I realized that the lyrics are tired and overused . When describing the album to one of my friends I said `` They are like a bunch of Parrots with a 200 word vocabulary . '' Hey Beasties when are you going to stimulate the mind ?
 I did not buy this CD . Actually , my brother did . He really likes the Beastie Boys , and I thought Why not listen to it ? I did not expect anything , when I put in the CD . The first song really shocked me . How could anything be that bad ? How could they expect anyone to listen to this ? When the song starts , the bass is too loud . It reminded me of Michael Jackson playing a Nirvana or Metallica Song . The rest of the songs were a little better , but still not my style . After this experience , I do not think I will ever buy a Beastie Boys CD myself . Since it was not the worst CD I ever heard , I think it deserves 2 stars .
 i have listened to the entire CD and out of 22 songs the best one is Intergalactic . Many of you may disagree but this is my view
 This album does not have a whole lot of music worth remembering on it . It seems like as the Beastie Boys get older , their creativity , emotion and humor decrease . Their first several albums were classics -LRB- see Pauls Botique , License to Ill and Chec k Your Head -RRB- , but on this album , they fall short on lyrics , beats , and humor . They lack the freshness and originality that propelled them to their fame , and besides a few decent tracks -LRB- the first three , body movin , intergalactic , 3 mcs , and electrify -RRB- , this album does not have the componenets of the true beastie boys we -LRB- or at least I -RRB- know and love . Nice effort , but in my book , it falls short .
 I wanted to cast my vote to sway the average review of this album . The Beastie Boys have come up with some great hip hop records , but this is pure garbage . The lyrics could have been written by a bunch of drunks making fun of rap . `` I like my sugar with coffee and cream '' ... give me a break . I bet DJ Hurricane would have vetoed that one and most everything else besides . The Buddhist edge made for some interesting tracks on Ill Communication , but this love thy neighbor stuff and the illusion of appearances ... if you really believe half of this , get out of the business . This is one of the most dissapointing albums of the 90 's , up there with Soundgarden 's Superunknown . Both of them were tremendously popular , and both were absurdly bad next to what came before .
 In one word , it sucked . The song `` Intergalactic '' is sooooo stupid ! ANOYING !
 Dont get me wrong i like Bestie Boys !!! But They are way to repetitive . Like all there songs and cd 's are the same !!!! So i have some words for you -- This CD Blows !!!!!!! Dont bye it unless u are forced to !!!! Please im saving you the trouble of wasting ur dough . I did and i am still mad at myself !!!!!!!
 This cd is horrible , the lyrics are cheezy and the music is stale and unoriginal ... Anyone can throw a bunch of lyrics up against a lot of bass and the beastie boys did just that . This is why the Beastie Boys are my role models , they are terrible singers and writers , yet they have money ... someday , I hope to be a non-talent millionaire ... Go Beastie Boys .
 THIS IS REALLY PATHETIC THAT THESE WANNABES ARE STILL HANGING ON BY A THREAD . ANYONE WITH ONE OUNCE OF APPRECIATION FOR ART AND MUSIC WOULD NEVER BUY THIS JUNK ! AFTER LISTENING TO THE C.D. I FELT LIKE I WANTED TO THROW MY LUNCH IN CHUNKS ACROSS THE FLOOR . THEY 'RE THE MOST UNORIGINAL AND COPYCAT BAND I 'VE EVER HEARD . THEIR MUSIC IS NOT WORTH THE COST OF THE PLASTIC C.D.
 THIS IS THE LOUSIEST C.D. I 'VE EVER HEARD . IT HAS NOTHING TO OFFER ! IT 'S UNORIGINAL AND THE MUSIC SUCKS !!! THEY 'RE HANGING ON BY A THREAD . THEIR MUSIC HAS THE TEXTURE OF TIN CANS ANNOYINGLY CLANGING AWAY.THIS KIND OF MUSIC DOES N'T LAST . IT 'S JUST THE FLAVOR OF THE MONTH ; MAKE THAT WEEK .
 anyone notice since the beasties stopped sampling , their music has gotten progressively worse ? Hello Garbage Can ...
 Well , lets just say everyone gets old and loses a step . You can tell the Boys put a lot of work into this album , but I think the long break between albums took them out of the game . And they have never really recovered . The almost addicting styles of the former albums have been replaced with something that seems kind of forced , and never really hooks you . You want to like it , you really do , but the discrepancies in the sound and structure of the songs when compared to what made you like the previous albums so much , is too much to overcome . If this is your first B boys album , you will prob like it . But if you are more familiar with their previous four albums , Hello Nasty and all the albums that have followed so far , are not anywhere close to as good .
 After the stunning trifecta of `` Paul 's Boutique '' , `` Check Your Head '' , and `` Ill Communication '' , the Beastie Boys released `` Hello Nasty '' , which has almost no socially redeeming or musical value.Musicianship , sonics , wit , humanitarian politics , obscure in-jokes , references to arcane sports figures , and just plain entertainment -- all the hallmarks of the Beasties ' best work -- are notably absent from `` Hello Nasty '' , replaced by generic turntablism , sophomoric social commentary , uglyass-sounding sonics ... blech !
 this cd was definitely the worst beastie album , but it was still the beastie boys . its not horrible , but if i did n't have it yet , I would n't buy it .
 The B boys are back and maybe thats a bad thing . It seems that all they can do is rhyme their lyrics and scream the last word of each verse . This is true in about 90 % of the songs and frankly its getting old . Tha album lacks the strong samples that were prominent on previous albums . When they were young it was breakthrough and now its stale . Perhaps they should stop worrying about Tibet and clothing and make better music .
 This alubum has like 2 decent songs , then the rest of the cd is just filler material . I expected more . Do not buy this .
 Three quarters of this album is a complete waste of time , effortless and repetitive.The other quarter however is generally entertaining and well developed.Rent it from the library and record it onto tape or MD.But do n't buy it .
 Not as good as their earlier works . My advice
 This CD was kind of a dissapointment . A lot of the songs did n't sound like the Beastie Boys , and those that did were n't as funky as their older stuff .
 I held off buying the album for quite some time and I should have kept on holding out . I really like tracks # 5-8 but the rest of the cd is a drag . The hype machine went into overdrive on this cd -LRB- a la `` Titanic '' -RRB- but I have n't figured out why .
 pauls boutique is what you ALL need to get . . . this is all hype
 I think fatboy slim music is more impressive than this stuff . I like body grovin ' but the rest of the cd is not worth it . Buy the single . .
 This CD was kind of a dissapointment . A lot of the songs did n't sound like the Beastie Boys , and those that did were n't as funky as their older stuff .
 What a dissapointment for me , a Beastie Boys Fan to listen to this CD . How can they even compare it to I 'll Communication , it 's not even close . I found only one good song Intergalatic , but it still was n't as good as a song like Sabotage . Do n't buy this CD unless you wa n't to be dissapointed .
 In an attempt to return to their original hip-hop , old-school style the Beasties have put together a contrived and hasty album . The beats and the lyrics of `` Hello Nasty '' really never had a chance to live up to the expectations that listeneres would have for this record . The B-Boys need to stick to their old form which was what launched them to their stardom in the first place .
 The new Beasty Boys Album bites . It is practically unlistenable . It has been compared to the Beasty Boys of ` Liscensed to Ill ' and ` Paul 's Boutique ' but it lacks the exuberance and the humor of ` Liscensed to Ill ' and is nowhere near as inspirational -LRB- or enjoyable -RRB- as ` Paul 's Boutique ' . If you have heard the new song ` Intergalatic ' on the radio , and thought ` Hmmm , this is an odd song to lead the album with , this song is n't even very good ' - trust me it gets no better once you get to the album . There is some amusement level in trying to pick out the samples from the wave of sound , but mostly that wave is just noisey and adolescent . Sparks of inspiration are few , funky grooves scarce , and even plain old , fun loving dance beats are hard to find.Don ' t take my word for it - compare ` Hello Nasty ' to ` Check Your Head ' . Lazy is the best way to describe this album , although sloppy is a good way too.The Beasty Boy 's do n't have to worry about sales though , check out MT ! V , it is now officially cool to be a fan no matter what the album sounds like . The new corporate brand name - ` The Beasty Boys ' . I think I 'm going to be sick .
 Hello Nasty is another boring Beasties album , just like the two before it . Do n't get me wrong , I 've heard the genius in Liscense to Ill , but this is all just repetitive junk . By all means buy it and see what I mean . Song for song I can hear almost the exact same things on the Beastie 's other albums , why did n't they do something original ?
 Only three out of the 22 tracks are worth listening to . I 'd pay five bucks for just the intergalactic single but its an expensive import . It 's not worth buying Hello Nasty for Intergalactic because Intergalactic is all you get .
 very uneven and uninspired.they try to take on to much.they still are a good group but this disc goes nowhere near there 80 's highs .
 This does n't hold a candle to Check Your Head or Paul 's Boutique . There are some decent tracks , but lyrically this was a huge slide for them . It just sounds forced and there is a lot of mediocre filler ... Buy one of those two albums first -LRB- CYH or PB -RRB- , then get Ill Communication and Licensed to Ill. . This album is better than 5 boroughs but thats about it ...
 Okay , if they got rid of the grunting , the sqeaky records , and the background noise they might just sound all right . This album is nothing but repitition . It 's very redundant . I suggest that you do n't waste your money , and save your ears - before they start to bleed .
 I DONT LIKE THIS CD IT ISNT AS GOOD AS ILL COMMUNICATION AND I DIDNT REALLY LIKE THAT ONE.THEY HAVE A COUPLE OF SONGS I LIKE BUT DEFINATLY NONE ON THIS CD
 This cd is a mess . This has been done numerous times before . It is unimpressive . This music is old and ridiculous . I hate the Beastie Boys . They stole rap from people like Run DMC and Biz Markie.What a waste of time and money on my part and the Beastie Boys part .
 I 've been a Beastie Boys fan since I was in 8 years old . I played the cassette version of License to Ill until it did nothing but make a squealing sound in my head phones . And until a while ago I would maintain to anyone that EVERY Beastie Boys album was great , cool in its own right and an evolutionary step forward by some of hip hop 's most talented artists . -LRB- Get to the point . I know , I know . -RRB- But I had never really owned `` Hello Nasty ' myself . It was the only one of their albums I had n't picked upon release . Until recently.Now , upon closer inspection reveals that there really is n't a stand out track on the whole album . `` Intergalactic , '' `` Body Movin ' '' and `` Super Disco Breakin ' '' may have been pseudo hits but they do n't really stand out from the rest of the album , which feels like mostly filler . Decent filler , though . There are a few stinkers
 they said the cd was new . that it was still in its shrink wrap and everything . instead , they sent me an old , delaphadated and used cd . it had many scratches on it , and one of the tracks wouldnt even play !
 I left this cd under the seat of my car for like 3 years , during which time , it had popped out of the crappy case and got all scratched up . When I finally cleaned out my car , I threw the cd away .
 These days the Beasties are irrelevant in the hip hop world .
 I agree wholeheartedly with the above reviewer , except that he forgets to mention the one massive drawback which so relentlessly mars all the enjoyment one should be able to reap from this great performance.The sound quality is terrifyingly poor , and the fact that this is a live performance should be no excuse -LRB- if you think of the beautiful sound EMI has attained on many a restored monaural 1940 's -LRB- Callas -RRB- recording , one can only wonder what could reasonably have brought about this late 1980 's -LRB- ! -RRB- engineering debacle . The sound is as boxy as can be , the voices so muffled and smothered it sounds as if the singers were on the telephone -LRB- literally `` phoning in '' their performance -RRB- . A shame , because Muti 's version has many qualities , most of which have been deftly highlighted by the above reviewer.My advice
 When I first began listening to Bella Morte 's The Quiet , I thought it was very mediocre , but not unlistenable . But then as the synth-backed mullet rock gave way to putrid ballads , I realized Bella Morte had crossed the line to pure , unadulterated badness.Yuck .
 The thing I dislike about mainstream artists is not the fact that alot of people like them it 's that they are normally unoriginal and boring . Such is the case with this `` band '' . Nothing here is interesting , fun , creative , or good . Everything here sucks , the vocals suck , the music sucks , and even the artwork sucks . It sounds like everything you 'd find on MTV VH1 or any of those mediums . What is very sad is that these fools won a band contest and used that money to expose their poo to people . What an insult it must be to be the other bands competing . But what else could you expect from the inbred state of Virginia.If I ever met ` Bella Morte ' on the street I would punch them in the face and ask for my money back .
 First of all , this is NOT alternative , it is some kind of country/classic rock . Trying to mix rock and country could only lead to disaster . The one good song is `` you blew me off '' the rest are just the whining tone of country music . The lyrics are not poetic at all , simply put together 'cause they rhyme , the cover is misleading , you think it 's a rock band or something cooler but it 's NOT . I give them one thing , they have talent which is better than a lot of bands . bare jr. should go his own way and not follow in the footsteps of his old man . Thank you and goodnight
 he sings with play back when we wtached him on TV program . is he good ? you should answer it by your self ! he is a part of commercial garbage hit production !
 I bought all the Atomic Rooster albums as they were issued , beginning in 1969 . Each one got progressively worse as the band went through personnel and stylistic changes with every album . This final album -LRB- issued as ATOMIC ROOSTER IV in the U.S. , even though it was their 5th album -RRB- just hits the dirt . 60 's R&B ; singer Chris Farlowe is still around for this album , unfortunately , and really drags it down . Chris Farlowe singing songs about Satan ? Gim me a break . By this time , Atomic Rooster had completely made the transformation from prog/hard rock band to dull prog/blues band . The only decent thing here is their cover version of `` Voodoo In You , '' which raises the rating to 2-stars . The Rooster re-grouped in the 1980 's with earlier members and recorded a decent album . NICE & GREASY remains their least-successful release .
 I 've been a Damned fan for 20 years , and I find this release appalling . The Damned went through numerous lineup changes between 1977 and 1986 . This 1988 show is a reunion of two of the stronger lineups . But it sounds like they did n't rehearse at all . The skills of guitarist Brian James , who lights the band 's debut album on fire , have seriously diminished by the time of this concert . The other members put in a listless , bored effort that sounds like they really do n't want to be there . To check out the Damned , try Damned Damned Damned , Machine Gun Etiquette , and The Black Album , to hear a band progress from top-notch high-energy punk , to a completely unique mix of punk and unpretentious fun progressive rock .
 This Tchaikovsky Recording is a fair one . Perlman has better recordings ; namely his performance with the Philadelphia Orchestra . The first movement sounds a bit too rushed and slightly `` showman-like '' rather than musician like . The Bazzini is slightly scratchy and rushed !! Perlman 's pizzacato is also mushed and hard to hear . Listen to Maxim Vengerov 's recording of the Bazzini ... It 's the best I 've heard to date .
 Did not care for the selections on this CD .
 I 'm a yoga instructor who was very disappointed in this CD as far as it being a music to practice to . The music for me felt all wrong for my own practice - the sequencing , the pace of the music , the song selection by Windam House . It felt more like easy listening music , but not quite right for a yoga practice -LRB- even a slow flow practice -RRB- . For me , the music has to fade into the back ground while I 'm practicing - this just grates on my nerves . My classes did n't care for the music and complained that the music was distracting for them as well . I recommend Planet Yoga -LRB- both CD 's are wonderful - Disc 1 for faster paced and Disc 2 for meditation or slow flow -RRB- and Yoga Rhythm.However , for just playing at home while cleaning , or just relaxing it 's alright . I do n't think it 's anything to get excited over .
 Before I give my reasons for the 1 star , I admit that there may be something here that I do n't understand . I am relatively new to blues music . I checked out several blogs and they all forcefully stated that Johnson is in the top 3 of all time . Some even complained that 3 was way to low for him to be placed on a list . `` King of the Blues '' was the # 1 blues album of all time , according to 1 list I saw . I bought this with great expectations . I was very disappointed.This album is very 1 dimensional . The songs have no complexity at all . Johnsons singing lacks passion and depth . Although 1 reviewer says the guitar playing is very complex for an acoustic , I just do n't hear it . Perhaps as I dig into the blues more , I will appreciate his talent more , but for now , I just do n't get it.Let the flogging begin .
 Clearly one of the best of the English bands of the 60 's , this recording , gorged with filler material that should have never been released including an awful commercial for ` Great Shakes . ' With truly terrible ballads by ` Together , ' this recording is an exploitation of the reputation of a great band .
 Nigel Kennedy may be the darling of younger classical music audiences , refusing to get dressed for concerts , but his lack of discipline is alarming . Given the size of his talent , this is tragic . He seems to take himself and his star status so much more seriously than the music.I have two tests by which to judge a mediocre or bad concerto performance . One is when the soloist seems to think the point of a piece is to give him a chance to show off , rather than a challenge to see how well he can play the composer 's music . The other is the number of times I look at my watch during the performance and ask
 Since I wrote the review below , young Hilary Hahn has come out with an absolutely wonderful recording of the Brahms Concerto . I 'm happy to say that I 'm completely vindicated . A comparison of Kennedy 's and Hahn 's recording of the Brahms shows that Kennedy is sentimental , languid , boring , goes for cheap emotional effects and ends up suffocating us with pretty moments , whereas Hilary Hahn is crisp , smart , thrilling , avoids all sentimentality and thereby achieves a grand and truly moving overall effect . Those two recordings represent the extremes in good and bad classical interpretation .
 I have the complete set -LRB- on single CDs -RRB- , purchased many years ago because -LRB- similar to what the Amazon review stated -RRB- I initally enjoyed hearing a `` different '' view of Beethoven . But I now find I usually quickly go back to the Karajan 70 's set after listening to any of these for a while . The Adagio in the 9th is particularly jarring - at the speeds taken by Norrington this beautiful movement becomes almost comical.Not impressed .
 This compilation is not bad , and is not good . It 's average . Here is too many songs from Pies Descalzos and Donde Estan Los Ladrones ? . They could put here more songs from Laundry Service . I do n't recommend to buy it . It 's only for die-hard fans .
 Shakira es una cantante con talento pero parece que sus productores y compa & ntilde ; ia discografica solo desean ganar dinero a toda costa.Cuando en 1996 Shakira se hizo famosa gracias a su tercer y mejor disco `` Pies descalzos '' , se expresaba como una chica sencilla y muy inteligente , sus letras eran muy profundas y uno podia escucharla por horas y no aburrirse.Con su disco `` Donde estan los ladrones ? '' , Shakira nuevamente entro en el corazon del publico y a lo grande pero para mi mucha gente desde que hizo el Unplugged , comenzo una caida que desde ahi no para . El Unplugged para mi es un robo a mano armada , no niego que la calidad de voz de Shakira se supero y que las nuevas versiones de `` Ciega , sordomuda '' y `` No creo '' fueron muy buenas , pero por amor a Dios como se le ocurrio hacer un disco y es mas un concierto con todas las canciones de `` Donde estan los ladrones ? '' y solamente una de `` Pies descalzos '' cuando ese disco hizo tanto exitos , por favor y es mas no hubo un cover o algo que llamara la atencion.Despues de ese concierto en Nueva York , la cancion `` Ojos asi '' se quemo enormemente , todo el dia estaba en las radios y canales de television y bien por Shakira que gusto pero me parecio un exceso incluirla en el disco `` Laundry service '' que personalmente me parece una buena produccion aunque alejandose enormemente de sus raices . Su ingles es sumamente pobre , no se le entiende ni una sola palabra de lo que canta y las canciones `` Rules '' y `` The one '' estan de mas . `` Objection '' , `` Whenever , wherever '' , `` Que me quedes tu '' y `` Underneath your clothes '' son los unicos temas buenos del disco.Cuando salio la version limitada `` Washed and dried '' nuevamente se ve el caso de querer ganar dinero desesperadamente que lo unico que hicieron fue agragar un dvd que hubiese sido mejor si lo hubiesen sacado al mercado como un dvd.Y este disco de grandes exitos me parece que es la gota que revalsa el vaso , por favor , digo yo , donde esta la produccion ? , no han incluido una cancion nueva y bueno si Shakira esta muy ocupada y no quiere o no puede sacer un tema nuevo , hubiesen extraido uno de sus primero exitos , que me imagino que ha tenido de sus primeros 2 disco que no estan en el mercado , y tambien hay temas de `` Pies descalzos '' que fueron grandes exitos como
 Metallica doing Thin Lizzy ? I guess that once the creative well runs dry , as Metallica 's has during the 90s , then you have to turn to butchering other people 's tunes to make you look like you still care about your roots . This is horrible , as is what used to be my favorite band . Pass this one up !!
 I think Metallica is a great band , but their cover of Whiskey in the Jar is a travesty . Take the money you would have spent on this album and buy the Thin Lizzy version . One listen to that , and you 'll never go back .
 Leave to Metallica to take a good Irish tune , and trash it . Enough said
 The record company that put this CD out is telling an outright lie to the customers . The CD `` supposedly '' contains the original recordings of Judy 's greatest hits . However , the songs on this CD are definitely NOT the original recordings !!! These are not the original hits which are played on the radio , and which appear on Judy 's original albums . I 've been listening to the music of Judy Torres for many years , and I know that these are not the same recordings that were on Judy 's original singles and albums . The versions on this album are re-recorded versions done by Judy Torres . The songs do n't sound bad -LRB- except for the extra-heavy echo -RRB- , but they ARE NOT the original hit recordings .
 I just purchased this CD and should have listened to the guy who already gave it `` 2 '' stars . I grew up listening to Freestyle and I can not believe how they put out a CD with such a different sound . Dont get me wrong , I love Judy Torres but the recordings are much different than the original version of `` Love Story '' . If you want to hear what the real recordings sound like , go on to her website judytorres.com . I will continue to search for the original copy of `` Love Story '' on CD !
 this is the worst `` dnb/jungle '' cd i ever bought . His world domination cd was better than this so dont waste your money . The sound quality also sounds terrible and MC Flipside is the worst .
 I ca n't imagine how this got as many stars as it did . It 's not texturally , rhythmically , melodically , or harmonically beautiful in any possible way . Listening to it is physically painful - and do n't try to tell me that has its own kind of beauty ! Someone with no musical sense at all , who had never before seen a guitar , could make better `` music '' than this . I ca n't believe it got recorded ! I can only think that the gifted Mr. Metheny is laughing hysterically because `` Zero Tolerance for Silence '' is being taken seriously by anyone .
 Just imagine , if someone had never heard Pat 's genius work and stumbled onto this cd . They would never give him another chance ! Pat is one of the most gifted musicians of all time . He has made some of the most beautiful music ever . He is truly talented and a person you must see live . I have only one question
 I 've been a fan of Pat Metheny and his music for 30 years . I ca n't imagine what was going on in his mind when he recorded this.I had a long horrible review that I wrote but I just ca n't post it . This is freeking Pat Metheny and I have to say this is a rather small bleep in his musical career.The last thing I 'll say is if you 're a Pat Metheny fan . I would not recommend this cd.YMMV
 You know how when you treat yourself to a really good , really filling meal at a gourmet restaurant you occasionally get a little bile coming back up to burn your esophagus ? And sometimes , you 've eaten so much really good stuff that , well , you just have to vomit ?? Well , this album is Metheny 's vomit.This is the price of creating all those beautiful things all those years , I guess . Anytime Thurston Moore or anybody like him is involved in a project , warning buzzers should go off immediately -- STAY AWAY !! Note that it has long been out of print -- with good reason .
 Let me begin by saying that I hold three music degrees , one of them a doctorate . I 've studied and appreciated lots of modern music/electronic/experimental / acid jazz/you name it . And I 'm a huge Pat Metheny fan . But this is the worst damn thing I 've ever heard .
 Expressing a rating it 's impossible here simply because this is not music . It 's a Joke . So the star I have been forced to choose is simply due to obligation by Amazon . The rating is ABSOLUTE ZERO-ZERO-ZERO . ZERO periodical . It 's a bad joke , the baddest joke you 'll ever hear in your life . Believe me . Imagine Pat . He stole the guitar and the amp to the guitar guy in Slipknot , he put the volume and the gain of the amp to their maximum levels , he put the guitar on the ground and keep kicking it badly for , uhm let 's say , a couple of hours . Maybe more . Than he had fun overdubbing parts of this noise one over another -LRB- I have some advices for Pat . I have fun in more productive and intersting ways . . -RRB- . Ok you have the CLEAR PERFECT picture of what is going on here . This is `` Zero tolerance for silence '' . Do yourself a favour even if you are a Metheny fan -LRB- like myself -RRB- . Do n't even dream to buy this album -LRB- I did n't ... a friend of mine saved me -RRB- . You could find yourself in your worst nightmare ever ! And do n't think I 'm a conservative kind of guy etc. . I 'm serious . Really . Deadly serious . Do n't even dream to buy this trash . I repeat . I 'm serious . VERY serious . If you do n't know what to do with your money burn it . But DO N'T buy this album . DO N'T . Or do n't come to tell me that I did n't warn you . DO N'T DO IT .
 Ok , it 's not my favorite . But ... can I make a suggestion to those of you slamming it as nothing but noise ? If you have n't already sold your copy , try listening to Pt . 2 . There 's music in there .
 i had read in multiple reviews throughout the internet that this album was metheny 's most experimental album . i was super stoked . i dug his stuff with ornette coleman on song x and i was very into his album with derek bailey -LRB- though i 'm glad their collaboration was a one time thing because bailey is simply better on his own -RRB- . i like his experimental side alot more than anything else he does , i ca n't deny that . `` faith healer '' from trio live is even my favorite pat metheny song , but when i got this album , i was very disappointed.don ' t get me wrong , i absolutely love this style of music , just not the way pat does it . i am a sun ra fanatic and i 'll listen to about any free jazz or improvised anything within the human hearing range , but this was just too unfocused.it sounds as though metheny was listening to a few albums from the japanese noise scene , maybe side 2 from john frusciante 's niandra lades and usually just a t-shirt -LRB- which is very beautiful and highly recommended if you can find it ; definitely not red , hot , chili , or peppery in any way , just great , soulful music -RRB- , some sun ra , and a whole lot of derek bailey and decided to try it himself . you can tell he recorded the album in a few hours max with just a guitar and one amp setting -LRB- a very thin , displeasing tone that does not resemble his signature sound in any way , but is instead spiked with heavy distortion -RRB- and laid down a ton of noise-oriented overdubs . there is no accompaniment besides the overdubs and even those share very little sonic relation to anything else going on throughout any of the movements . this is definitely an album which rides the thin , blurry line between genius and crap . i sincerely feel that while metheny is a true genius of our time , the album is straight crap . there are a few moments where the noise comes through with a sense of sheen brilliance -LRB- especially in part 5 when he breaks out with `` the roots of coincidence '' and an acoustic guitar -RRB- and some of the arrangements emerge as being very clever in a childlike , innocent sort of way . overall , it may be worth a listen , but definitely not your money.the bottome line
 This was a utter disappointment . The only reason to buy this album is to complete a collection , not for listening . I respect ` artistic creativity ' but this is too much . I 'm almost certain I could have created many of the same sounds found on this album , and I have never played guitar in my life .
 The townhouse next door to mine was for sale . The realtor brought a very unsavory-looking couple to look at it and I thought , `` Oh , I hope THEY do n't move in ! '' Suddenly , I had a brainstorm ! I opened all the windows to my house , inserted Zero Tolerance in the CD player - and cranked it up !!! Needless to say , the prospective buyers left very shortly thereafter and were never seen again.I love Pat Metheny and I would buy any of his albums without a listen prior to the release of this monstrosity .
 I think it was an experiment
 How an artist of repute such as Pat Methany can get people / fans to spend their hard earned money to buy such nonsence and sheer over indulgence amazes me . Its like a painter selling an empty canavas as a peice of art.This is the WORST ALBUM I have ever bought - Jazz , Rock or otherwise . I listened to it once to see if I was missing any thing , I will never play it again.Don ' t even think of buying this one - Trust me , it 's Garbage.Nov ' 2011 - The above was my review of the album some years back and it had to do with expectation from the artist.I 'm not a musician or a music techie , I believe that this album has great value for these people and as I am not qualified to judge the album on these parameters I will hold on my earlier comments above and state that this is not an album for fans of Pat Methaney Group . It definately is not Garbage as I mentioned earlier . My appologies to the Artist .
 I have been a great Pat Metheny fan for several years . I prefer his ` Group ' vs. ` Trio ' or solos . He would sometimes go off on a solo at a concert , but not as bad as this CD . THIS IS EXTREMELY AWFUL NOISE ! PURE GARBAGE !
 This CD documents the torture of musical instruments . It is not music , it is noise . Sad that a musician as great as Metheny would produce garbage like this . Give this CD to someone you really hate .
 Wow . When I first started listening to this album , I knew the huge amounts of controversy behind it . It is just Pat , playing over himself in huge amounts of disonance and noise . Part One to me just seemed like the same noise over and over again for almost twenty minutes , and I did n't get much listen out of that . Parts Two-Five however seem much more interesting to me . I am an avid Metheny fan , and although I have no degree in music , I understand it very well . I have played jazz trumpet for eight years and listen to the rest of his works as a means of escape from standard , strait-ahead jazz . His manipulation of rhythmic meters and styles that set him apart from the rest of the jazz world are just facinating to me , along with his outstanding ability to pump out an amazingly musical improvised solo.This work however , is unlike anything I 've ever heard . I 'm not sure if you would call it jazz or rock or anything for that matter . It 's at such an extreme to the musical spectrum that it is in its own way ... facinating . It 's definitely not something that I would listen to every day , but the disonance and occasional out of tune notes along with the melodies and countermelodies of raw , noise improv are still cool at times.I read that this was Pat 's way of saying `` F-you '' to his record label ... whos contract forced him to come out with a new album of sorts that he did not want to do . Despite its craziness , I still believe that Pat Metheny is a genius , and even at his rawest and angriest form , still pumps out a very interesting and unique album.I do n't recommend this to avid Metheny listeners , but to those who are bent on completing their collection and finding what this album is all about ... I say go for it .
 Kinda like U2 and ` Pop ' , etc. , Pat Metheny became such a big name and could tell his label ` this is what I want to do ' and they had no choice but to release it . Note that it 's been OOP for QUITE a while . I , of course , a devoted Pat fan bought my copy fresh off the truck for full price and some weeks later sold it at a second-hand record store for a buck . Pat Metheny is a VERY , VERY talented man and I have been a fan since 1978 , but sometimes I think his head ` swells ' a bit ... and someone needs to bring him down . This is NOT music ... do n't look for a ` Secret Story ' , a ` Phase Dance ' -LRB- although I think some phase SHIFT is in here -RRB- ... think ` Offramp ' meets ` Pretty Scattered ' played backwards .
 This is possibly the worst CD done by anyone in the world ; not just Pat . Ca n't believe he thought this cacophony was worth recording . Must be an `` artist '' thing or someone spiked his food with very serious hallucinogens . Torturous , horrible sounds come from this disk . I 've seen Pat Metheny Group twice and own every CD & 3 DVDs . I honor Pat 's music , but this one comes out of left field and , frankly , is n't even music . Do n't waste your money unless you would enjoy the sound of a 3-year old slamming pots and pans on your electric guitar strings with the amp volume and distortion on 11 . You 've been warned . Sorry there is no zero-star rating option because this is c-r-a-p .
 Metheny 's music is usually filled with warmth and joy . Here he sound frustrated !
 I love Pat Metheny , have seen him 7 times since 1979 , and respect his musicianship , songwriting ability , collaborations , and production skills . . but it seems like he picked up a new technique at this point , and felt the need to make some noise on the spot and record it . . he must have been angry that day . . the senseless noise which is emitted from your speakers when this disk is played will make even the most hard core fan angry , wince , or use the disk as a coaster , which is a more practical application than the torture which you will inflict upon your ears . Avoid it at all costs .
 I received this CD thinking I was going to finally be able to get some songs from the 70s that I had n't been able to get on CD . Unfortunately , these may be the original artists , but all the songs are remakes and not the actual 70s ' hits . The quality of the arrangements , not to mention the artists ' voices , is worse than karaoke night at a senior citizens ' singles dance . These artists should have quit when they were ahead . This CD is headed for the trash . I would be too ashamed to even give it away .
 Some of the music here is great , some is mediocre , and some is unbearable . The song by Electric Dog House -LRB- featuring members of the Clash and the Chemical Brothers , among others -RRB- , is predictably ... interesting , but good too . Unfortunately it is followed by a horrible song by Red Aunts , possibly one of the worst punk bands of all time . Then comes `` Legend of Pat Brown '' , AJB 's amazing cover of the vandals classic . Its this kind of ill-placement that makes this cd hard to listen to . It has its fair share of great songs -LRB- 21 guns by good riddance , ca n't make love by pansy division -RRB- . but it also has enough bad songs that it really does n't flow . Plus , there is n't much on human rights here . Very few of the songs actually have something to say , and the liner notes are poorly written and un-inspiring . If you like Assorted Jellybeans or Good Riddance , the songs on here are great . But I would reccomend finding them elsewhere -LRB- the GR one is on a split 7 '' on revelation , and i 'm pretty sure the AJB is on a 7 '' as well . -RRB- Overall , this cd is n't a wise investment .
 this cd is all very bad . i bought it at record town and i just hate it to death . this punk is the worst punk of all time . i strongly recommand you that you stay away from this cd because it is that bad .
 I typed in Crank Yankers DVD and CD 's came up instead so I ordered something I did n't want and there is NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT to make changes.SHAME ON AMAZON
 To my mind , a carol album should be moving -- pulling -LRB- however gently -RRB- on those moving emotions of the joyous season.I found the music on this album authentic but lacking the joy or spirit of the other Christmas albums I 've heard such as the Waverly Consort Christmas , Deller 's eclectic Holly and the Ivy , or Anonymous 4 's On Yoolis Night .
 This does n't sound like the Hooverphonic of the previous 3 albums at all . I 'm not sure what it is . Just what it is n't . It is n't the old Hooverphonic . I did n't like any of the tracks at all . It 's just not my kind of music .
 I saw this coming after I bought the `` Magnificent tree '' that I so expeditiously rushed back to the store and got my money back ! And in my opinion it was far from Magnificent and lacked creativity ! I do n't understand how this band even got excepted as Trip Hop . Most of there material is more `` Ambient '' with orchestration and vocals . But I believe they were considered worthy of the Triphop archieves because of `` 2 Wicky and Eden . '' This band after `` Blue wonder '' has been on a mission to try to impress . The first two efforts were good lp 's a blend of ambient dreamy electronic songs with Orchestral arrangements . The only reason `` Hoover '' got my attention in the first place , was because of the funky futuristic Portishead sounding `` 2 wickey . '' Featured on the 1996 `` Stealing Beauty Soundtrack '' ! And when the debut came out I was a bit disappointed but it grew on me . The debut personified a totally different sound and `` 2 wicky '' was definitley out of place on the cd . `` 2 wicky '' in my opinion and `` Eden '' is as funky and trippy as it gets with the trio . They have never lived up to the futuristic sound and expectations of those two songs in my opinion . They also lost the dreamy vocalist from the first two albums and I believe it had a barren on their creativity as well . If this is the direction they were headed I believe I know why she left . The new vocalist has a more `` Broadway/Jazz type voice which I think is just alright , but a times a bit over dramatic ! `` Renaissance Affair '' was the next really catchy song that they delivered originally on `` BLue Wonder '' lp . This song was eventually tacted on to the `` Magificent album '' after it gained heat off the Volkswagon commercial . `` Magnificent '' was merely a Trip Hop cd nor did it have the dreamy vibe of their previous work . `` Magnificnent '' was a soundtrack like lp that was a bit more upbeat from their usual , with a rock vibe . I did n't like it personally . . it was very bland and boring . Hooverphonic lacks alot of soul and creativity in my opinion . They never had the funk and blend of Hiphop or balance that others have such as Portishead , Tricky , Bjork or even Mono . They I feel need to do instrumental soundtracks and call it a day . And this bland and cheesy effort `` Jackie Cane '' just proves it . This is basically a sountrack without a film , How stupid is that ? The songs are cheesy and reminisent of a Bad late 80 's to early 90 's James Bond flick . It has a couple of decent songs but when you know they are capable of better material you ca n't except those decent songs . I think it is time for them to look for another occupation in the music field . They do have talent but I think it needs to me shot in the right direction . I am giving this oe extra star for it 's effort and Ochestral arrangements that is it ! I also think these guys need to listen to a little more hip hop to give them a more soulful edge to their music . I guarantee they will not get the acclaim they were fortunate to get in the past with this . I did n't purchase this cd , I heard this from a associate of mine and was n't a bit impressed as I figured I would n't be . Just as Tricky Fell Off , -LRB- which I thought was far more creative -RRB- has choosen an unsuitable path , I think this band has done the same . This is foolishness and a fiasco at best!Later
 Beware
 Ugh ... What was RZA thinking ? It 's always bloan my mind when musicians take the time to go to the studio and record something so vile . The first track has a good beat and RZA lyrically tears it up . But after that the record goes down hill . `` Bong Bong '' ? The fact that guest appearances by ODB , Masta Killa and Method Man do n't stand out shows how bad this album is.If you want some of the Wu Abbot 's finer material , try 36 Chambers -LRB- of course -RRB- , the Ghost Dog Soundtrack , Birth of a Prince or the new Masta Killa LP .
 A weak effort from someone who can do -LRB- and has done -RRB- a whole lot better . The misogyny alone is nauseating . There are a few good cuts on the disk , but not enough to warrant buying it .
 Anything associated with Wu-Tang in the past several years just comes short of anything that sounds worth listening to , let alone purchasing , they completely fell off and do n't know when to give up , or catch up with the rest of the hip-hop industry . I used to be the biggest RZA fan , now he just throws some noises together and calls it a CD , Do not waste your money on this heartless failed effort , or any other Wu-Tang member 's CD . The RZA had his moment years ago , and now his beats are just good for a laugh compared to real producers like Dr Dre , Neptunes , Timberland , Fred Wreck , Battlecat and so on .
 Totally unimaginative and there are no insightful lyrics that you would usually find in a Wu-Tang recording . This was definitely meant to be more of and experimental album , like all RZA tracks , but this is a mad-creation gone bad . For some good Wu-Tang material to get it back like their glory days check out Killah Priest 's Priesthood .
 I do n't care what any body says about this album good or bad , it is horrible . I bought it just figuring it would be good cuz it was rza and it would be good cuz his other first album as bobby digital in stereo and his newest birth of prince were great . Everyone says there favorite song is glocko pop and i ca n't agree cuz that is my least favorite . I really just ca n't listen to this cd . A great dissapointment .
 Theres only like 2 traks worth listening to on this CD , brooklyn babies is good but the rest ...
 ... this one is about on par with the first bobby digital album , so if you really felt that one , by all means , buy this one . I was n't really disappointed since I was n't expecting much . Tracks 12 onward are actually mediocre -LRB- but not good enough to learn their names -RRB- , and throw your flag up borders on good . If you buy lots of CD 's and still think the wu have n't fallen off , you 'll get this anyway . If you 're discriminating , do n't waste your money ; wait for the new ghostface if you need your wu . Better yet , get the Yesterdays New Quintet album when it drops on the 18th ...
 Just purchased these cds based on above review that advises , to paraphrase , ' although a live performance the audience was silent . ' Not so , sounds like a hospital ward . This is a real shame as the performance is good , but upon listening to this cd several times the enjoyment diminishes . Where can I get my money back ?
 John Harle performed for our sax studio while I was in college and this recording is a fair representation of what I heard . Unfortunately , what I heard was a performer with a very harsh tone and a lack of articulation that I could only compare to mumbling .
 Why is this low level saxophonist so well-succeeded with famous cd-labels ? It 's a mystery , but maybe because he has good and well-placed friends . Anyway , it 's a very bad playing , a poor sound , a vulgar technique , and I wo n't waste my time talking about interpretation , 'cause there is n't any . I own this CD and I find it very useful to show students how they should n't play . Or how a great company like EMI can have such bad recordings -LRB- hear the Glazunov 's cadenza , for instance -RRB- . For his fans , I can recommend hearing people like Fourmeau , Delangle , or some young saxophonists like Vincent David and Alexandre Doisy , or , if you do n't like french saxophonists , you may try Bornkamp -LRB- dutch -RRB- , Sugawa -LRB- japanese -RRB- , Rousseau , Murphy -LRB- american -RRB- , among many others from various countries who really know how to make music with the saxophone .
 It 's very important that people know there 's much more in saxophone music than jazz and rock music . But there are better ways of doing it than John Harle 's cold and empty playing . It 's a pitty , with such a good orchestra .
 I was dissapointed when I got this to find it was not the complete opera . There is no indication in the title that it is only the highlights . But if you look on the track listing they say hightlights . It has only one disc not 2 as stated in the product description . There are some strange fad-outs between selections and one of the most famous songs `` I Loves you Porgy '' is missing . There is enough there to get me to want to buy the full opera even though I am not a fan of opera.The full opera is called `` Gershwin
 A studio recording with badly placed or balanced microphones , wandering sound levels that either deafen you or require your hearing aid from moment to moment , and typical `` operatic '' singers delivering lyrics that are often unintelligible although allegedly in English . Fine voices and orchestra , I guess .
 Not at all the best Mountain Goats record . Try something else , I 'm begging you .
 So often , the dividing line between good and bad comedy-rock/folk is low-fi . It 's strange , but I 've heard so many great comedy-rock bands put out amazing , beautiful albums onCD-R 's and Casette tapes , and some really , really bad comedy records recorded in studio , and I dunno , maybe it 's just me , but The Mountain Goats seem to have lost their -LRB- er ... his -RRB- soul . It 's easy to call me an indie rock snob and say that they 've sold out , or something like that , but really , if you just listen to the record through , it would n't be that great even if it was in Low-Fi . A lot of the strange and startling truth and tenderness of the masterful All Hail West Texas is gone . Compared to that record , which was absolutley hilarious , yet at the same time , very emotionally-charged and challenging , this one falls short . A lot of the lyrics rest of cheap irony and I dunno , a little bit of the soul is gone . My radio station eats it up . Of course they would , it 's made-for-college-radio stuff to the max , but in the end , he comes off sounding more like They Might Be Giants and less like the comedy-folk gods they once were .
 Many people who followed the great record label 4AD during its glory days of the '80s and '90s reached a point where they decided to go no further . For most , it was probably the label 's turn towards electronica in the late 1990s , but for me it was the signing of The Mountain Goats . The project of singer-songwriter John Darnielle , The Mountain Goats released their first 4AD album TALLAHASSEE in 2002 , after several years of activity with self-released cassettes and other indie labels.What disappointed me so much with this album was the low quality of the music . The simplest touches on acoustic guitar , with no daring chord progressions or time signatures . Everything done in low-fi production to reveal just how empty the music is . Darnielle 's vocals are rarely in tune and tinged with infantile intonations . At most points , I was reminded of the `` innocent '' manner of singer Geddy Lee used in Rush 's `` 2112 '' . Yes , there are some heartfelt and occasionally remarkable lyrics . TALLAHASSEE is essentially a concept album dealing with the misadventures of a couple who , though no longer in love with each other , remain together while trying to destroy themselves with alcohol . Darnielle strikes me less as a musician than a poet who feels better with musical accompaniment , like Bulat Okudzhava.If you heard about this album through any other manner than that it was released on 4AD , you may very well like The Mountain Goats . I 've refrained from giving this an entirely one-star review because I 'm aware there is a crowd out there that sees value in Darnielle 's work . However , if like me you are collecting 4AD 's releases sequentially , beware .
 I unfortunately hear this on a digital service and I just have to get to the next selection before ... . When I was much younger I remember Ms. Callas as being touted as a great voice . This does not do her memory well !! EMI should have done a much better job of selecting and re-mastering .
 I had the good fortune to see this band at a festival in the early 70 ` sThe material on this album is as interesting as it was then -- My personal favorite is `` Tomorrow Night '' -- Old Hippee music is still enjoyable in this age of digital tunes , and these guys used quite a few gizmos that were available in their day -- talk about Jammin ' on the Hammond !!!
 2 1/2 Not an entirely unsuccessful disc of pop-rock from these sensitive Swedes , but one that feels oppressively boxed in by a wealth of predictable patterns and mid-tempo mush , whereas only the smallest fraction of melodies sneak past generic , mainly within the last few tracks .
 Someone compared Kent to Radiohead , which is what led me to immediately get this album , but I was thoroughly disappointed with ISOLA . The first few tracks are good , and definitely Radiohead-inspired , but the album quickly falls off thereafter , sinking into sappy , American radio-friendly lamentation . Reminds me of Third Eye Blind ballads or something avoidable like that . Easy to listen to , but stay clear if you are looking for a truly impressive journey . Buy a Marion album instead for Radiohead-inspired pop gourgeousness .
 My buddie Dave and I have pretty similar music tastes , so when he recommended this one , I ran out and got it the next day . Came home and played it a couple of times and was left scratching my head - what 's he see in this ? Sounds pretty much like every other alternative rock band out there today - perhaps a bit darker . Played it off and on all week even held on to it and tried listening to it a month later to see if I missed anything - nope , still do n't get it ! It 's not a bad disc per se . The production is good , the quality of the music is good , they even throw in a lot of nice sounds - piano , cello , violin . But it just sounds like anything else on your local `` alternative rock '' station . Take any song from this disc and put it on a Gin Blossoms , Goo Goo Dolls , or Oasis disc and you wo n't be able to tell the difference . And that , to me , is worse than poor production or musical quality .
 14 tracks and only two memorable and good songs -LRB- `` Nothing is Real but the Girl '' and `` Maria '' -RRB- in this coming up record of Blondie . This album does n't take Blondie to a place that they have n't already been to . There is also an awful rapping from the Gangsta 's Paradise guy Coolio in the title track . Still , `` Nothing is Real but the Girl '' is a good and strong tune .
 MR. HAMPSON , IT AI N'T GRAND OPERA ! I PREFER FOLKS LIKE SINATRA , MARGARET WHITING , JO STAFFORD , AND SO MANY MORE .
 SOMEONE PLEASE STOP THOMAS HAMPSON , BEFORE HE HURTS HIMSELF ... OR HURTS THE REST OF US ... What a collective piece of trash this album is ? . . is there a more self-important , bloated , indulgent , precious , affected , pompous singer on the planet ? ... i am waiting for Thomas Hampson sings Disco ... or Thomas Hampson sings Elton John ... or Thomas Hampson does Eminem ? ... he probably thinks he could pull 'em off ... what unmitigated gaul ... do n't waste your money here
 Thomas Hampson is the great one of the last decade . I only have one of his cds , but that is more than enough . I do plan to buy more of his cds in the future . I can hardly wait.Let me tell you what I know about Thomas . He has a very powerful voice . It is truly a pleasure to hear him sing any kind of music . He really knows how to entertain the listner . He sings in a very understandable style . It seems that he is always smiling when singing , even on his cds . I feel like anyone who hears his voice will be a fan for life . I ask that everyone give him a chance to showcase his voice.The only reason for not rating this cd higher was because of the repertoire . I 'm a big fan of a popular repertoire.I Would Like To Recommend This Cd
 I was very disapointed when I listened to this CD , I had heard short samples over the Internet and it sounded like a good track , but the samples did n't include those really annoying , awful vocals that repeat ' I love you mama '' , and to top it off the dub version also has those vocals and is not really a dance mix like the others , which I have to say would have been excellent without the vocals . And what is the last remix ? I woulnd ' t be buying Da Hool if I wanted to hear that kind of music .
 If this is supposed to be an album of `` the greatest '' -- I was n't too impressed . The quality did n't seem that good and the selections , well , not all that popular to my mind .
 I still have n't received the product yet !!!! I am very dissatisfied . I 've had no communication on the status of this order since early December .
 Umm , Huh ? Many of these songs sound WAY different from the old cassette I have of this album -- especially one of my favorite songs by Rory -- Ai n't too good -- this version is missing the lyrics from the bridge entirely !!! NOT what I was expecting when I got this CD . Look for the original -- much better versions of the songs .
 A very disappointing rendition by Bernstein and the VPO , lacking in finesse , articulation and cohesion . Though the sound is acceptable , the colour is faded and hazy , with a washed-out look , especially in the camera long shots . I also dislike Berstein 's demeanour on the podium , his prancing about takes attention away from the music . Not recommended .
 Gone is the sound of Willcocks . The new sound is strident and cold . I 've tried buying a few recent King 's College recordings and they are harsh sounding . I ca n't tell if it 's the choir or the recording technique . Much better to try and find Willcock 's performance on record of the Chichester Psalms - much better than this one .
 Wretched little ditties by Cutesy-Pie Paulie , puffed up by a competent arranger into a bloated mess . McCartney may be the most overrated musician of all time .
 This man 's been playing Silly Love Songs ever since the contrast between that and the late John Lennon 's pre-punk ethos formed the nucleus of the Beatles . But you have to remember that the main reason this freshman effort at symphonic music reached the mass market at all was because McCartney had made his mark many years ago . Already being famous helps , believe me . The arrangements are courtesy of Sir Paul laying out the basic threads using MIDI computer sequencing , at which point an arranger steps in and transcribes the result into real orchestral parts . And the libretto here are more than just a tad weak . One scene deals with a quarrel between Our Hero and his newly-pregnant wife . He makes that one statement in such situations that one regrets as soon as he says it , and gets this response ; Wife
 I purchased this Oratorio after hearing a violin solo from it , and was expecting something similar of the rest . I was sorely disappointed . Unfortunately , I got this item somewhere else , to my Eternal grief -LRB- at least on AMAZON , I would have saved $ 25.00 -RRB- . All the soloists do as best they can with the material given -LRB- especially the violin solo in Movement VI -RRB- , but the lyrics could have been written by a fifth-grader with a Rhyming Dictionary . Here is an example of great talent gone to waste . BE FOREWARNED
 This gets boring after 10 listens . Twistas album Adrenaline rush has songs that have better lyrics ...
 more bland , obnoxious music for the masses . if i hear this `` song '' one more time i 'll strike a club to the radio !
 Be careful before buying this recording and listen to it somewhere before you buy it . I did not do it and trusted the reviews above and now I have recording I will hardly listen to it again . Everything is nice and cast is well chosen with one exception . Delilah ` s role is essentuial for the opera and Miss Meier is among the weakest mezzo I have ever heard . I can not understand the others reviewer ` s delight , but I could not find anything interesting in her voice . It is dull , weak voice with no lower register / in mezzosoprano ! / and in emotive scenes she has no power . Well , the most famous aria `` Mon coeur s ` ouvre a ta voix '' is sung O.K. / but not among the best versions / , but the opera has much more to offer in Delilah ` h secenes a there I was really dissatisfied with the weakness and not a mezzo voice colour of her voice .
 The item was advertised as like new , the slip cover and the booklet were missing , the jewel case was damaged , disappointed .
 Who is Queens Of The Stone age ? 1 Person?I think this album is the deadline of J. Homme , I hope it ... Horrible .
 if you guys really want to hear the real qotsa i would much rather recommend you listen to `` rated R '' than either songs for the deaf or this one . i even liked them better when josh played in kyuss , but now they are just another washed up MTV band like all the rest !!
 Rubbish rappty musc for old men , seriously I hate these guys , little sister is an overated and crappy song , you people dont really like it do you ? And No one kniws sucks as well
 a couple of the songs are good , but most are so repetitive that the album on the whole is just boring . these guys need to take a Learning Annex class on writing a bridge or something .
 The CD is ok . Not great , not horrid.I only enjoyed maybe 4 songs max on this CD , and yes Little Suster was one of those 4 . My advice would be to wait until you can get the CD for under 10 bucks , then make your own decision .
 This was bound to happen . After the brilliant `` Songs for the deaf '' they release `` Lullabies to Paralyze '' . Why do I say `` they '' ? There is no `` They '' anymore . There 's only Josh Homme with some session-musicians . Songs for the deaf had Nick Olivieri , Mark Lanegan and Dave `` bleepin ' '' Grohl ! Nick Olivieri 's absence takes away their edge , Mark Lanegan only sings the intro , and well the new drummer is NO DAVE GROHL !!! The sound leans toward the Debut album . But it 's not as good as the debut album either.I think it could have been a lot better if only Nick had stayed , I mean everyone knew Grohl & Lanegan would n't stay permanently . But losing Olivieri ? He gave them that edge . Homme is more of a `` tripper '' . As we can hear on this album . Still I like the single `` Little Sister '' and there are more catchy tunes here . But it should have been credited as a Josh Homme solo album .
 Whew . Like a lot of people here , I got into this band from the Songs for the Deaf album . I thought they were a fresh , promising band . Great songs , catchy as hell , diverse , intelligent , recorded INSANELY well . Totally dry , in your face , and energetic . The recording alone would have made that album great . I bought the new album blindly , thinking `` it ca n't be that bad '' ... well , one word
 A disappointment , although I expected a decline after the `` split '' . It is evident that the loss of Oleveri has hurt the band . Homme put in a decent effort , but it just not the same.It starts off well . . but starts to run together , and drag on.Now , a great band like Deep Purple handled the change of lineup wonderfully back in 1974 with the magnificent Burn album -LRB- voted best re-issue of 2004 by Classic Rock -RRB- but the QOTSA truly fail here.Musically this album is MUCH more limited . This album gets boring without great bass lines , yes Queens was better with Nick . And like one of my fellow reviewers said , `` Check out any album prior to this to see their fun rock side in its perfection . `` But do not get me wrong
 After several listening attempts I 'm convinced that all the songs on this cd were leftovers from the last desert sessions . Nick was , without a doubt , the creative force in this band and his lack of presence is noticed on every song . Songs for the Deaf offered a glimpse of great things to come , but all good things come to an end . An exteremly boring and average desert sessions , then a slightly less boring and average Eagles of Death Metal , and now this . I can only be thankful that PJ Harvey does n't moan and wail on this cd . Keep your finger near the fast forward button , or just stick with the old stuff .
 Now , I wo n't pretend to know what Queens of the Stone Age are all about . I 'm actually writing this review out of shock from watching the video for ` everybody knows that you are insane ' . Its starts of with this Asian guy lying in the snow ... except he 's naked . That 's right and I mean naked . Oh and where I come from there is no censorship so I got to see this guy in all his , albeit puny , naked glory . He proceeds to dance around , air humping at the camera which is primarily focused on his rather small appendage . When I say focused I mean a foot away . If anyone here has ever watched Italian -LRB- or indeed European -RRB- porn , you 'll know what I mean when a say it gets pretty close for comfort . Well this guy has his fun
 Alright , it 's getting two stars because there 's two good songs on it , and that 's the ONLY reason it gets two stars . This CD and this band is so over rated it makes me sick . If they would have been around say 20 years ago , they would have fit right in with their 80s hair band sounding drivel . The lyrics are n't bad , there 's a few lines that make you go HELL YEAH , but for the most part , BOREDOM sets in around the 4th or 5th track . And only lets up on one or two songs . So I 've already let it go to someone else who wanted the CD but could n't pay for it . I 'll stick with my obscure bands that no one has ever heard of . As for this CD , the best thing about it is the cover . SO , goodbye QOTSA , until next time ...
 For months now , notorious control freak Josh Homme has been heralding the return to rock via the new Queens of the Stone Age album that was released this past Tuesday . In article after article , Homme would extole the virtues of the cowbell , talk about the swelling sexy , and make it seem like `` Lullabies to Paralyze '' would single-handedly save music from the likes of Britneys and American Idols . But for all Josh 's hype , he does n't deliver . Most of the songs on LTP seem to just be rehashes of the best -LRB- and sometimes worst -RRB- of other QOTSA albums . The second song , `` Medication , '' sounds exactly like `` Regular John '' from their first self-titled . There are familiar guitar licks and chords phrasings throughout . And please , can he not come up with a better chorus than `` Everybody Knows You Are Insane . '' I almost wrecked my car when Track 6 `` in My Head Came On '' - this track was already released - almost identically - as `` In My Head ... Or Something '' less than two years ago on Josh 's side project , Desert Sessions 9 & 10 . So he 's not able to write enough new songs , he has to just repeat himself ? Or he could n't have just cut this song ? There 's already fourteen tracks anyway . Really , there 's only like one good song on this album , I think it 's either Track 9 or 10 but I ca n't remember because they all just kind of blend into one another . I have n't even watched the DVD yet - I ca n't believe I actually paid $ 20 for this album -LRB- and had it not be onsale , it would 've cost $ 27 -RRB- . I think Josh Homme is very talented - I love his other 3 QOTSA albums and his side projects . I was amazed when I saw QOTSA on tour for `` Songs For The Deaf . '' And that 's why LTP is such a big disappointment . SFTD set the bar so high , and despite all the talk , QOTSA has n't delivered on this one . Josh should beg Mark Lanegan -LRB- who appears only on the lackluster opening track -RRB- , Nick Oliveri -LRB- um , how is it a Queens album without Nick 's desperate , screaming songs at this point ? -RRB- , and Dave Grohl -LRB- no one drums better -RRB- to come back and create something amazing again . Or he should just stick to drumming in Eagles of Death Metal . Because this album is boring .
 After just playing the album through for the first time before writing this review , I realize I have n't given what I just heard much time to sink in , but since first impressions are everything , I 'm gon na share mine . This album is boring , it has no emotion , it all sounds the same , and the title was right on the money ... `` lullabies to paralyze '' , because that 's all this album will do to/for you ... put you to sleep . I do n't quite get why a a lot of the american public has a boner for this band , because if this album has anything to say about it , there 's some poor tastes in music out there . Have I heard crappier music than this ? of course . could I make a better album myself ? of course not . but for the hype that surrounds this band , this is unacceptable .
 This album did not appeal to me when I listened to it . I think the band should have sat comfortably on the success of their previous three albums and took some time to get acquainted to life without their killer bassist . This album sounds like a dump in a box in comparison . After each song I though , `` what was that ? '' There is no life nor clarity to the bass riffs , they sound faint and very artificial , not to mention rigged . Just simple , guitar mimicking garbage . It does n't sound like any type of `` maturing '' or `` style adaptation '' work , it just sounds like a `` let me get to big for my own good , fire my bassist , then put together a scrambled piece of nonsense knowing that it will sell decently due to the popularity of the past ones and hope no one notices that they just bought a mental fart in physical form '' album . In my opinion , worth burning , not buying . I think they need flea , -LRB- or someone of that calibur -RRB- his playing style would fit well with theirs , plus he rules . But as I said before , this is just my opinion , do what you like .
 I hate this album ! I ended up giving it away it sucked so much ! the only DECENT song is Little Sister , and that gets old fast !
 Well let me start by saying that i have been a Queens fan ever since the Kyuss days , and that this album is by no means total crap . i 'd say it merits three stars as a regular album , but coming from the same man that gave us Sky Valley , Blues for the Red Sun and countless other classics , this album is simply too tame for my liking . The production is perfect to the point of annoyance , and the whole work is centred on Homme 's current style . What I love about the queens last two albums , SFTD and Rated R , is their intense diversity - losing Nick took away part of that breadth that their music contained . This album seems bland in comparison to the other two albums . The Queens are in a long decline -LRB- unlike the desert sessions and mondo generator -RRB- , becoming more and more narrow minded with each album they make . Homme seems to have got his head stuck so far up his own arse that he 's forgotten that all songs need not sound the same . Having said that , the opening Mark Lanegan track is fantastic , In my head is great -LRB- better on the desert sessions -RRB- , but the album lacks any true standouts in my opinion . The guests are quite good if somewhat portentuously presented . Part of the charm of the desert sessions is that Homme allowed others in on the work , it was more of a group effort . This album feels more like a bunch of people adding to Homme 's work , which is not what the queens were originally about . A damn shame , cause this is the first album of theirs that i have truly disliked . Sorry Josh !
 The title definitely fits the album 's songs . This album is pretty boring , especially by Kyuss and previous QOTSA standards . There just does n't seem to be any creativity in any of the songwriting . In most of the songs , it 's the same riff or lick over and over . There are practically no bridges , tempo or melody changes in the course of any of the songs . And there is really no edge to most of the songs . They seem to just drone on . Only Medication , Everybody Knows That You 're Insane , and Tangled Up In Plaid save this album to some extent . Overall , extremely weak .
 There are about 3 standout tracks on this album ; MEDICATION , EVERYBODY KNOWS YOU 'RE INSANE , LITTLE SISTER . So far I 've forced myself to listen to the full album six times to round out my initial dissapointment . There is no punk/garage rock vibe on any of these songs . I guess Nick took that over to his own project Mondo Generator . Lanegan doing lead vocals on one song ? No chilling morose numbers here . So because of the fact two of the three core members/songwriters of this group has parted ways with the other there is a noticeable lacking . There are n't any dramatic methamphetamine fueled freakouts -LRB- Oliveri -RRB- nor is there any delicate sadness -LRB- Lanegan . -RRB- No HANGING TREE , ... MILLIONAIRE , IN THE FADE , TENSION HEAD , etc. . Homme is my least favorite vocalist of the three -LRB- even though Oliveri 's screaming can be a bit annoying at times . -RRB- Everything is so drab here the unusual big/warm/fuzzy / middle-eastern/Sabbath tone of Josh 's guitar sounds more tame than ever . There are some cool solos cranked out but the synergy of the band is not here on this album . It 's more like a solo project and often those are much less interesting than a member 's band offering . I might have given this a 3 star had I not paid the extra $ $ $ for the deluxe edition with the dvd . Boy , was I a sucker . No live footage ?! That 's what made the bonus dvd of SONGS FOR THE DEAF . Here 's to a Oliveri , Lanegan , and Homme reunion .
 Big fan of Kyuss . Liked `` Restricted '' . LOVED `` Songs '' - thought it was brilliance . But this , sorry to say , is a total disappointment . Where 's the aggression ? The melody ? The balls ? The hooks ? the SONGS ?? It 's like Homme took all his most repetitive ideas and made a messy , boring joke just to see who was still listening . There 's the odd good riff ; he 's talented , after all . But mostly it 's totally flat . I hate it . I 'm giving my copy away . Spend your dinero on the new `` Corrosion of Conformity '' instead , it 's MUCH , MUCH better music . Peace !
 Going by the passed projects from QOTSTA , I figured it was a safe bet to just go out and buy it.Mistake , I should have reviewed it first on CDNOW.I wish i could return it.I feel this Band peaked with Songs for the Deaf.This is a band with a definative sound and they do not put their best feet forward with these 14 tracks ...
 Okay , Amazon , this must be one of your beta listings for mindreaders . This listing says this is John Williams the composer , not the guitarist , but that detail is wrong a good bit of the time in your listings . Does this album contain original soundtrack music , or is it rerecordings ? How many traacks are there ? What are the names of the tracks ? How long is the total amount of the music ? What orchestra performed the music ? Who conducted the orchestra ? Would you buy this album without knowing this basic information ? A little bit of help here , Amazon , sure would go a long way !
 worst live recording ever ! sounds like a very bad bootleg . stay away from this one . could not evan listen to the whole cd .
 This CD was very disappointing and belongs in the elevator . Chuck , stop kidding yourself , release your double-CD , Evening of Magic , Live at the Hollywood Bowl album . You should re-unite with James Bradley Jr , Charles Meeks , and Chris Vadol and release your feelings in an upbeat `` Children of Sanchez '' type album . I am hoping that he does n't play this crap during his upcoming concert in Tarrytown , NY . BELLAVIA !
 If you like Chuck Mangiones style and like how he writes all of his own songs , then you wont like this album . His new album Sucks ! All of the songs are contemporary , almost none of the songs are his , and no one from his origional band is in this album , its all a bunch of loosers . I recomend you keep your money and dont buy this Album , its a big disapointment .
 This album represents Chuck at his ultimate low point . The songs represent a latin-based , mellow , depressing tone , which is contrary to his initial works . His trumpet playing is rather weak and can not be heard in any abundance throughout any of the tracks . He plays a variation of an old song , Consuelo 's Love Theme , but apparently drags it out to fill up space on the CD . The album is appropriate to help a listener fall asleep or in a depressive episode . None of his original band members take part in this release , and there is no resemblance to his earlier works .
 The Finlandia is a bit fast for my liking ... I guess I prefer the sentimental rich slow Ormandy-esque versions . This one just does n't stir the emotions ... they kind of music that gives one the `` lump '' in the throat emotional -LRB- nationalist -RRB- feeling piece is associated with .
 I like Deborah Cox , and I was looking forward to buying this cd . However , I have to say that this is NOT Deborah 's best work and I am disapointed . Most of the songs on this cd are not that good , but I do have to say that one good thing about this cd is that the song Absolutely Not -LRB- Chanel Mix -RRB- is included , that 's why I gave it 2 stars . I have to agree with what several other people said in their reviews , if you are a Deborah Cox fan buy this cd , but if you are not save your money .
 Nearly every song on Deborah 's album `` One Wish '' was gold ! So I picked up `` The Morning After '' without hearing any of the new songs expecting something similiar . Unfortunately , I was quite disappointed . A lot of the songs remind me of songs on Brandy 's `` full moon '' album but even many of them were `` ho-hummish '' . Too many of the songs like `` Just a Dance '' or `` Up & Down '' just do n't have the `` oomph '' as her other songs . They all sound like a million other things I 've heard on the radio with very little to differentiate . `` Play your part '' sounds more like something Deborah could 've had on her last album , and `` Oh my Gosh '' is a catchy little tune but even these songs ca n't seem to redeem this album . It just seems to me that almost anyone with a good voice could 've done some of these songs.In all , `` The Morning After '' just did n't meet Deborah 's full potential .
 I sorry to break hearts but Deborah could have kept this one.It was not a good follow up to this success of her sophmore effort.Please stop try to sing songs that sound like nobody suppose to be here.The Cd Drags . I really thought with the first single that the tracks would be blazed by her powerhouse voice but oh well .
 This is not what I expected from Ms. Cox . Especially after waiting so long for her to drop her next album . If I could , I would get my money back . That 's how disappointed I am . When someone with as much vocal talent as her puts out such a trashy album , it really makes you wonder how low the music industry has sunk . It 's such a shame that less talented artists get all the good lyrics and music . Deborah , should 've stuck with what she 's good at - ballads .
 First of all let me state that I am not hating ... Deborah Cox has one of the strongest , most beautiful voices in humanity . Deborah , however , chose to work with some lackluster producers . All the songs that do n't sound like they were done on a 1987 Casio keyboard sounded like demos that never should have made the final production . Deborah has the potential to be bigger than life , but not when she is choosing god-awful tracks . The defining characteristic that takes words and sounds and turns them into music and art is the mood that you are left in after you 've heard it . The songs on this album are particularly bland and leave me with nothing but a feeling of disappointment . Maybe next time , Deborah . Be a little more picky .
 What a waste of talent :-LRB- Maybe she 'll strike gold next time ...
 Granted , this album is far from terrible , and Deborahs voice is truly great . But the material here really is n't memorable . She does best on the Shep Crawford ballads ` Play Your Part ' and ` Starting With You ' , which will please any fans of previous hit ` Nobody 's Supposed To Be Here ' . She heads in the right direction on the title track , which has a bluesy-soul feel to it , and the bouncy Jazz on ` Givin ' It Up ' is a welcome addition to the album . In fact , Deborah always seems to succeed with the ballads - ` Hurts So Much ' is also a typically good Jam & Lewis piano-driven slow jam . The problem is when Deborah tries uptempo tracks . The first single and album highlight , the sexy and lush ` Up & Down ' is excellent , and the remix featuring Jadakiss is just as appealing . However , ` 2 Good 2 Be True ' eventually falls victim to being too bland , ` Like I Did ' sounds like a reject from Brandy 's ` Full Moon ' album , and tracks such as ` Just A Dance ' sound like poorly produced 3LW rejects . Oh dear.The addition of two dance tracks at the end of the album make the styles that Deborah dabbles in here even more jarring . As an album , this project really does n't work . Although this has some pleasing tracks , it is not up to the standards you would expect from such a talented artist on her third effort .
 First of all i thought this was a good album . I liked the singles Gimmie the light and Get Busy but that was about it.I was under the impression that with 20 tracks and a good beat this may be a good album guess i was wrong cause these layed out songs will put you to sleep my advice is to not buy this load of crap and download the singles cause that is the only thing good bout this cd and this is the truth .
 Hey everyone ! Get Busy ! Throw this CD in the fu ** ing garbage !
 Please , somebody make this pop-rap crap end . Hip-hop/pop-rap is basically what killed boybands , but I think I 'd rather have boybands be popular than this junk !
 I heard `` Gim me the light '' , `` Like glue '' , and `` Get busy '' on the radio and I liked those songs so I figured that the cd would contain great feel good party tracks . I was dissapointed after listening to the cd for about one or two times ! Trust me , the only good songs are the ones I listed above . There are a number of tracks that are hard to understand and just seem unfinished . Now granted it is a ragee cd but others I can understand ! In this cd , there are a good number of tracks where Sean switches languages leaving many listeners including ragee listeners confused . Probably , the worst track on the album would be the `` gim me the light '' remix in which Busta Rhymes makes an apperance . Now is it just me , or does that not seem right?Overall , you will find a cd that leaves music lovers confused , dazed , and really wondering what Sean is talking about . If you like the radio singles I sugest you just find the singles somewhere because the other 19 tracks are a waste of hard earned money and valueable time .
 This guy is so annoying it makes me sick !!!! Everything from his accent to his looks just makes me want to vomit in rage . If you want to hear good rap , go for the two best underground gansta rappers , Ja Rule and Will Smith .
 Last night I purchased both Dutty Rock and Stage One by Sean Paul . I tore the plastic wrap off Dutty Rock and shoved the CD into my cd player and drove off expecting to be bopping my head to the entire album . The bopping of the head lasted for about three songs . The skits became a severe annoyance and after `` Get Busy '' , the album quickly went downhill . Whoever arranged this album made the sad mistake of putting all the good stuff together and at the beginning of the CD . I do n't know that the album would be improved if it were rearranged . Tracks 6 - 22 sound alike and it 's hard to understand Sean Paul in the first place . I have spent time with folks from the islands so it 's not that I do n't know how they speak but this album was almost impossible to interpret . I even like Supercat and Shaggy and other dancehall artists . The beats on Tracks 6-22 lacked any real oomph , the rhythms and tunes were n't there , it just melted from hot into not . I would highly recommend not purchasing this album . I plan on returning Stage One unopened and getting a Dave Matthews cd or something else that has substance and a shred of talent .
 I really really hat this guy . I 've looked at his lyrics and they make no f *** ing sense ! I am getting sick of all these music videos about Bling Bling and girls with big booties . It 's absolutely rediculous , I am gon na get slammed for this review . At least I march to the beat of my own drum . Believe me I am reviewing this fairly , His lyrics are complete nonsense , it 's like he slapped together some cool words and threw in some music so that everyone would like it . Sean Paul can not sing his way out of a paper bag . Please even that guy who sang Like A Virgin on American Idol was better than him , at least what he was saying was clear . Sean Paul = Crap !
 This clown does n't even deserve a 1 star rating . What this website needs is a rating system of 0 to 5 stars , cause there 's a lot of crap out there like this piece of half assed R&B garbage that does n't even deserve a 1 star rating.Why is it that dance clubber teenyboppin morons will listen to any garage they hear on the radio with lyrics that they ca n't even understand ? Seriously now - does this guy just use his f *** ed up voice and fake Latin pop beats to sell records to people who ca n't even understand what the hell he 's saying ? Anyone who says that they can honestly make out word for word of his so called `` lyrics '' on the song `` Get Busy '' is B.S.ing.And speaking of fake beats -- this fool stole the beat from Dr Dre 's `` What 's the Difference '' on the Chronic 2001 , which was an awesome beat until it got ripped off by a piece of fake Latin pop/R & B trash , and used it on one of his popular singles that is constantly on the radio.You think this guy is actually a `` rapper ? '' He 's half assed R&B blended with a little bit of Latin pop , kinda like a pathetic cross between Beyonce and Ricky Martin.Don ' t buy this garbage . Form educated opinions about music rather than listening to whatever the teenyboppers are dancing to in the under 21 clubs .
 sean paul is definetly the worst person i have ever heard . his music should die in fire . sean paul deserves to be completely out of bussiness from the horrible crap . my ears start to bleed every time i hear his music . i want to be van gough ... i dont feel bad for him anymore.then i could at least have one chance to not hear this stuff . i have a story to tell . i woke up one day and i thought ... wow im really in love . i turned on the radio prepared to be happy with the music , and its sean paul . suddenly i wasnt in love anymore . i hated everything , including my `` lover '' . another thing ... what kind of name is dutty rock . wow ... ur jamaican ! do all jamaicans talk like that ? no ! i once went to jamaica back in the day when i was ten . i met a nice jamaican man who worked at the hotel i was at . he took me snorkeling , he got me conch shells , and he gave me the only good time in a while . i define jamaican like that , not as sean paul . sean paul is more of a devils assistant , not a jamaican . his music stinks . i bet hes not even jamaican!HORRIBLE
 Do n't waste your money on this CD . If I could give this CD 0 star , I would . Sean Paul 's voice is annoying , and he 's just trying to be dope , but he ai n't . The only good songs are Baby Boy and I 'm Still in Love With You . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I do not like this CD it was a waste of my money and I only like 3 tracks on it `` Gim me the Light '' `` International Affair '' -LRB- the beats are ok -RRB- and `` Get Busy '' the rest are just a waste I tryed to listen to it again recently but after about 13 tracks I hated it and listened to somethin' better.The beats on this cd are alright but his voice gets on my nerves.Buy it if u like this type of music but I dontand that 's all I have to say about that
 Yeah ... usually if you wan na be a success in US you 'd wan na know how to fully speak English first ...
 I get so sick and tired of all these wiggers that are coming out of the woodwork now adays.This no talent loser is the justin timberlake of reggae.This album is boring and sean pauls voice truly annoys me.There are no good songs on here and it plainly sucks.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE !!!
 This CD could have been a good mix of Rap , Hip-Hop , Rock , and caribbean influences , but sadly Sean paul settles for a mediocre mush of songs that all sound alike . Buy the singles from iTUNES and forget the rest of the album . Sean Paul will be remembered for a few hit singles that were catchy , but in the long run he will be forgotten because he just could n't put out a good enough album .
 He is so iritating and anoyng that it makes my wana destroy my CD player .
 I made the mistake of buying this cd for one song basically . I would have saved some money had I just burn the one song that I like . The songs just really do not seem to flow very well together . There is too much down time between songs and too much talking . `` Get Busy '' is definetly the best song on the cd . I will admit I listen to it over and over and do not get tired of it . However , his newest cd `` The Trinity '' is much better .
 I grew up on raga . As a yout there was school , food , drink and raga . When I was old enough to hit the clubs at 15/16 I was raving to Tiger , Baju and Red Rat ... Those were raga artists . Sean Paul has released two good tunes - ` give me the light ' and ` like glue , ' and even those tunes , although they are good they lean towards what I consider raga-pop . Sean Pauls album is for light weights who are n't into raw dancehall tunes , Sean Pauls ` give me the light ' for instance is n't even comparable to Elephant mans ` Log off . ' There 's space in Raga for Sean Paul and at least he 's better than pop artist Shaggy , however , those who recognise what true raga is need to stay away from Sean Paul or at least pick the cd up for ` easy listening ' purposes only .
 This guy is not Hiphop he is an embarasment to the world of Hiphop . I am beyond tired with Daddy Yankit , Shawn Poo and all of these other wanabe reggae latin crap rip off artists . this guys voice is just one party reefer stripclub monotone through out the entire album . this CD has absolutely NO lyrical content . dont even get me started on the music because every song on this album sounds exactly the same . Bob Marley is probably turning in his grave . 0 stars
 What Crap ! This CD sucks.The guys voice is so annoying . Buy Beenie Man instead.Forget this stupid prat !!!
 I like Sean Paul 's style and music , but I found this album disappointing . Besides the big hits that were played on the radio -LRB- `` Gim me the Light '' , `` Get Busy '' , `` Like Glue '' , `` Baby Boy '' -RRB- and `` Punkie '' and `` Can You do the Work '' , I found that most of this album was uninspired and repetitive and did n't make me want to sing along or dance . If you listen to the album twice in a row , you actually feel to skip most of the tracks the second time around ... I would suggest you buy his Trinity album instead , a much more interesting one . If you like his big radio successes , just download them on your iPod instead of buying the entire Dutty Rock album .
 This is NO Reggae . Benes Hammond is real Reggae , Bobby Marley is REAL Reggae , and Morgan Heritage is real Reggae . This is a no-talent wannabe Reggae singer -LRB- if that 's what you call what he does ... -RRB- . This album is aimed at upper-class suburban White kids who do n't know what Reggae is and urban-dwellers who will listen to anything . His best sing was `` I 'm Still In Love '' and that was only because Sasha could sing half well.My recommendation ? : He should join forces with Britney Spears , Lumidee , and J-Lo and maybe together they could produce an album worth 1 1/2 stars .
 lets start with the positive , ` gim me the light ' is a hot track . so are ` baby boy ' ` like glue ' & ` get busy ' . but - get real - 21 or 22 trax is such an overkill . i cant lisen 2 it all its such jamaican rap that - let 's be honest - no one understands wot hes saying 3/4 of da time . i hate im still in love with u , but compared 2 alot of the trax it is the King Of Songs . sean paul , bury urself cause no one wants 2 know ...
 I appreciate Sean Paul promoting his music here in America and making a presence in the urban/hip-hop scene , especially with club bangers like `` Gim me The Light , '' but I just was n't feeling the rest of his album . `` Like Glue '' was n't a bad track either , but I found the rest of his album to be dull . I 'm not a huge fan of `` dancehall '' music but I 'm always willing to step into unfamiliar territory and `` Dutty Rock '' just was n't cutting it for me . Sorry Sean Paul .
 Sean Paul sounds like Bill and Ben on Crack . His voice is annoying , and I 'm getting a refund . Is it me , or is RnB taking over the chart ? Blu Cantrell wants her head testing for singing for this sorry excuse of an artist . Thats the bottom line cos gojohnniegogo sed so !
 I like bob marley and peter tosh these new reggae guys just does ` nt do it for me reggae went too pop for me all of a sudden nothing here interesting sean paul is taking up where shabba , and maxi priest left off .
 This cd is great if your into mainstream N * Sync dance club garbage . But you 'll probably hate this cd if you form opinions about music by actually listening to lyrics rather than just jumping on the bandwagon with the latest artist who has a catchy beat and makes stupid 16 year old girls wan na `` shake dat ting '' at all the under 21 clubs . This guy is downright awful . Without the beats he 'd be nothing and his garbage song lyrics would be exposed . This cd gets a 1 out of 5 at the best . Do n't waste your money . Believe me , the singles and the beats get old really quick , and there is not much else worthwhile on the album.And who cares if all the Sean Paul diehards come back to trash me with insults like they did to that Christian dude who actually made a valid point or two as to why this guy sucks . Even if he was wrong about music style , rap/reggae/dancehall who cares ? Its still GARBAGE .
 Okay , this guy can not rap , sing , etc. . Full stop . I have heard him live and he sounds like my guitar when it 's untuned . He was basicly singing along with 3 other rappers and it was utter cacophony . There was no harmony , all their was was this discordant rapping.It sounded horrible and probably explains why his music is n't to impressive either . I do n't know much about this style of music ... but when I listened to ` Get busy ' I felt there was no bass line at all . There was only was a drum beat buried by the sound of rapping/singing . I would only reccomend this to those who like R 'n' B , rap , or over-procceced pop . I personally do not like the album . I believe that Sean Paul is one of those artists which gets instant success overnight and then gradually dwindles away .
 this was my first hed kandi purchase and i must say it wasnt what i expected . i was looking for some good downtempo/funky/souful stuff but this is just generic chillout music with shallow vocals.i may give another hed kandi title a shot , but this one was very blah . save your cash , folks .
 I only wanted this CD for one song that I was told was on this CD and it was n't . I wanted Cartoons and was very dissapointed when it was n't on the CD
 Will Smith - Lost and Found -LRB- Interscope , 2005 -RRB- In rap , there are two types of Will Smith fans . The type who loves his raps because they are clean and the type who will buy his albums to support him in the face of the hardcore fans who diss him . I , however , have been listening to Smith forever and feel that he was a better rapper when he was The Fresh Prince . In fact , `` Summertime '' is the best song he ever made . I still bought all of Will Smith 's albums and this one , Lost and Found -LRB- his first one for Interscope -RRB- , has got to be his worst . This is not your typical Will Smith-bashing review so hear me out.A common theme in Will Smith 's records is `` girl , get on the dance floor '' , and it does n't stop on this album -LRB- see `` Switch '' and `` Party Starter '' , which is n't one -RRB- . There is another common theme , as well
 switch was not a bad song by any means but when no one pays much attention to it and considers it a kiddy song past it prime u have a hard time enjoying it while i have to admit switch looked to be a type of song that 12 or 13 year olds would listen to that is not a bad thing either you do always have to hear those sexual hip hop and r and b joints usually make but i thought it was one of will smith 's better song maybe if he released this song in the 1980s it would have been even hotter because switch has a old school beat to it he should have included rap icon ll cool j in it which would have probably made his song hit the billboard charts a bit longer i wish will could have release another song from his album i think only submitted this song and another song with his beautiful wife jada
 Will Smith is a unique rapper in this generation he stills rap like he did back in the day and people do n't care for that kind of hip hop . If Will wants too redeemed himself he has to use profanity other-wise he should no-longer make any music and stick to movies and his television sitcom career . His songs -LRB- Here he Comes , and Party Starter -RRB- are way too annoying , WHAT A HEAD ACK !!
 switch was not a bad song by any means but when no one pays much attention to it and considers it a kiddy song past it prime u have a hard time enjoying it while i have to admit switch looked to be a type of song that 12 or 13 year olds would listen to that is not a bad thing either you do always have to hear those sexual hip hop and r and b joints usually make but i thought it was one of will smith 's better song maybe if he released this song in the 1980s it would have been even hotter because switch has a old school beat to it he should have included rap icon ll cool j in it which would have probably made his song hit the billboard charts a bit longer i wish will could have release another song from his album i think only submitted this song and another song with his beautiful wife jada
 Are you guys serious ? This cd is such a joke ! I ca n't believe you are all saying this is rap ! I 'm shuddering from listening to this ...
 This album is for Mid-western Americans that drive through fields of corn as they switch from Britney Spears , to Hillary Duff , then to Will Smith . They do n't know anything about hip-hop , but want it to be palletable . This is not for the people who are in the trenches and who have invested into the music and it 's true artists their entire lives , and have developed an ear for what is good and what is bad . Hiphop is not a novelty , and that 's all Will Smith is making it . He 's a sell-out to his hip-hop brethren . This CD is definitely not even entertaining . The producers that worked on this album are out of touch with the current beats of hiphop . It 's going to be ignored by hiphop stations because it 's so out of focus of the mindset of those whose blood , sweat , and tears are in the music . While on the other extreme , ignorance and brutality are the mainstay , there has to be a balance . But , why is it always Will Smith that supplies the wack music ??? Yes I agree , I think Kanye West , is the ideal hiphop artist . His lyrics are real , revealing and are dynamic . This stuff on this thing sounds like a surburban teenager could have written it . If this man wants to be a musician , he has to give the public something real , not something for the masses . He should not try to be liked by everybody . His lyrics are all in reaction to people he thinks are beneath him . Why not be a trailblazer and do something life-altering ? This album sucks .
 I like will 's earlier cd 's , but this one did n't have the same feel to it . He 's a Nice Guy was a good track but I just could n't get into it . Will 's days have passed .
 LOL ! are u kidding me ?? this crap dosnt even rhyme ! and he still sells records i ca n't believe it . smith is a good actor NOT a musician . please dont buy it . listen to somthing pure not this crap ! i suggest 2pac , eminem , the game , and the notorious b.i.g those are my favorites in hip hop
 Now , I 'm not saying that Will Smith is a bad rapper because he does n't curse ; after all , Blackalicious and Platinum Pied Pipers ' albums are profanity-free and they do a damn good job at what they do . We all know that Will USED to be able to rap , but as I said a while back , it seems that when rappers become successful actors , their rap performance slumps heavily . And I do n't know anyone that picked up Will 's last album , Born to Reign , but I guess that did n't faze him too much because he still came back with Lost and Found.There 's also something else I noticed . Just when you think Will has made the wackest song possible , he tops himself . I did n't think things could get any worse than `` Will 2K '' , but then came `` Freakin ' It '' ; then came `` Black Suits Comin ' '' ; THEN came his latest travesty , `` Party Starter '' . By the way , the latter is a case of wack times three
 It seems like Will Smith just ca n't do it right . After a couple of good albums early in his career with DJ Jazzy Jeff , Will went soft according to his critics . He 's trying to be a little harder now , and he 's catching some flak for that . It seems like he 'd get the picture ... He 's not good ! On Lost and Found , Smith loses himself in attempting to sound like other rappers who have dissed him and who he has tried to diss . A couple of song on this album would make decent party songs at a middle school dance and possibly not lead the kids to dance like skanks , so that 's good . Some of his lyrics are ok , but his voice and attitude just are n't suited to them . It 's time for Will to move on and focus on his success in other areas .
 Will Smith is a unique rapper in this generation he stills rap like he did back in the day and people do n't care for that kind of hip hop . If Will wants too redeemed himself he has to use profanity other-wise he should no-longer make any music and stick to movies and his television sitcom career . His songs -LRB- Here he Comes , and Party Starter -RRB- are way too annoying , WHAT A HEAD ACK !!
 I like Will Smith as an actor but that does n't change the fact that he ca n't rap to save his life . This is n't rap , this is just corny pop song after corny pop song . The writing is pathetic , the rapping is awful , and the beats are conry . This is a pop CD for little kids . Any parent who buys this as an alternative to real rap is stupid because there are editted CDs . Will Smith is a good actor but he needs to stick to that because this is by far one of the worst albums of the year .
 Ugh . Will Smith has lost whatever appeal he had a decade ago.His peak was in 1996 when he let his Fresh Prince TV series become canceled in favor for starring in Independence Day . By 1997 he 'd out with a comeback album -LRB- Big Willie Style -RRB- and the Men in Black movie . But two good singles and a pretty popcorn flick could n't save his career after the awfulness that was Wild Wild West.Seen the ` MTV in Africa ' show that the channel did to `` commemorate '' -LRB- ahem * exploit * -RRB- the beautiful-but-troubled country of Africa ? Instead of trying to raise money to eradicate the AIDS disease -LRB- which effects a whopping one out of four people in Africa -RRB- , MTV sent Will Smith over there to perform such braindead songs as `` Switch '' and `` Party Starter '' to promote the new MTV channel that all the rich people in Africa are going to get . Are songs like `` Party Starter '' better than a cure for the rampant disease ? MTV says so.By the way , the title `` Lost and Found '' must allude to how Will has lost his creative identity and dignity , and has yet to find it again . In short , this album sucks , and so does the heartless marketing campaign behind it .
 I guess all humans can not hear the same because this cd is complete TRASH !!!! I had no idea that Will was still rapping .
 Try this
 I post this message 2005 . He released this album 2005 . Theres 200 of this used CD going for 2 dollars . Need I say more about this album?He is a joke . Smith is trying to stir up the rap industry by rapping about others , but nobody cares !! Cause nobody listens to his music , nor do they take him seriously . Sounds like he just mixed up a recording because he needed extra money.The only good song that Will Smith made was `` summer time '' . THATS IT . His lyrics are lame . Beats are weak . Like Larry Elder said and I quote `` Will Smith is like the Barry Manilow of rap '' . Ok , he made it into acting ... better stick with that -LRB- and his acting is n't even that good -RRB- . He sure did mess up that Ali movie , Ali suppose to be a legend . They should have gotten Jamie Fox .
 We all loved Will Smith as the Fresh Prince , but is n't it time he call it quits ? The man is in his 30 's still actin like he 's 19 . And what is up with that video `` Switch '' ? It looks like a hip-hop ho-down ! I think Will Smith is extremely talented and needs to focus his energy elsewhere , because right now it looks like he 's having a mid-life crisis . I hate it when celebrities get bored and start churning out bad albums to us ... JUST LET IT GO ! Jay-Z knew when to retire , why ca n't Will ?
 Just a little question . Did we listen to the same album ? I 'm honestly suprised to see such a good rating for this.Anyway , on to the review.It 's no doubt Will Smith was a triple threat . Music -LRB- Big Willie Style , many others -RRB- , Movies , -LRB- MIB/MIB 2 , Hitch , many others -RRB- , and TV -LRB- Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air , many others -RRB- . So , it 's no doubt now whether the item is good or not , if Will 's name is on it , it will probably sell pretty good . Hence , `` Lost And Found '' . After listening , it is clearly a commerical album , which the good songs being the singles -LRB- `` Switch '' , `` If U Ca n't Dance '' -RRB- . There 's some songs where he is trying to sound similar to Xzibit , which he completely fails at . Songs like `` Party Starter '' , `` Lost And Found '' and , `` I Wish I Made That '' , interpet this . Though , Will Smith fails completely . His voice is more set to pop-rap -LRB- remember `` Big Willie Style '' , that 's pop-rap -RRB- , rather than gangsta-rap like Xzibit , Snoop Dogg , and others . Actually , in the song `` I Wish I Made That '' , the lyrics talk about drugs , guns , and actually state that Will Smith wanted the girls to `` drop it like it 's hot '' . I do n't think that will be happening anytime soon.There are some good songs , three actually . `` Switch '' , `` If U Ca n't Dance '' , and `` Could U Love Me '' are the only songs on this album that you ears can handle . `` Switch '' is already getting some airplay on pop stations , and a little on rap stations as well , making this a possible commerical album -LRB- definition of a commerical album
 After listening to this sad album I remember just sitting there and realizing that hip hop is truly dead and has left one smelly corpse . FIrst off Will 's beats sound like one of Jerry 's kids trying to sound like Timbaland , they are plain annoying . Will 's lyrics are straight first grade rhymes , my little sister sounds like big daddy kane compared to him and all her rhymes are about mary and her little lamb.This is truly an album for soccer moms to play for their kids when trying to put them to sleep in their mini vans . Sad , sad , sad .
 Now let me start off first by saying I 've been a fan of Will Smith since his first days with Jazzy Jeff . I am a true fan of Hip hop and respect Will 's leagacy in his early days as an MC and his development into being a damn good actor . But after reading some of the reviews for this particular album I had to give the readers some prospective from someone who truely listens to the music instead of some of the fly by night fans of what they called `` Rap '' music . If you listen to MC 's like Busta , Ice Cube , even Ll Cool J , they still maintain thier high status in Hip Hop because they continue to find ways to evolve lyricly , and the evolvement for Will for me just was n't there . I liked a few of the beats a rythems produced for him , but once Will got on the track it sounded like the same old Will from back in his Fresh Prince days . And theres nothing wrong with that style . Its what helped launch his carrer , but its out dated . His style has n't matured at all , and until that changes his albums will be mediocore at best , no matter who he has cameo on it . Oh and for the reviewer who said that Will 's album was better than 50 's and Eminem 's albums obviously only listens to whats commercial or in the top 40 , because you have no idea what your talking about . But dont worry Will I still got love for ya.DJ Fusion
 Will gave it his best effort , but this album truly is trash . as someone poitned out , all the beats are Timbaland throwbacks , nothing truly hot here . He does touch of some deeper topics , but his flow is lacking on all levels . Even when he ` disses ' Eminem -LRB- not even a true dis -RRB- he steals his entire flow for teh whole verse . most of the songs are full of filler to cover his lack of true content . I like Will , dont get me wrong , when i was 12 and Big Willie Style dropped , it was hot . But the market has changed and his attempt to keep up just doesnt work . He 'll def get tons of spins on MTV and top 40 stations , but anyone truly into music wo n't think twice about this disc . Go pick up some real hip hop , I suggest waiting for the new Common to drop but untill then , look for one of the Murs albums - a true story teller .
 This ishhh is horrible !!! Will Smith needs to stop playing and stick to acting . I ca n't believe he put his self out there like that . This music is n't worthy of downloading , let alone buying.Save your money , do n't buy this garbage !
 I ca n't believe it ! Will Smith 's latest record is amazing ! I can hardly believe how amazingly strong his songwriting has become ! He 's truly an amazing composer , musician , and lyricist . I think he also plays every single instrument on this record !! Even the album cover is of interest ! The photo of Will Smith standing on the corner of West Philly and Hollywood is incredibly poignent and should clear up any talk about him sinply becoming a ` sell-out ' . I 'm happy to contribute my $ 13 to the Big Willie fund , I hear that all of the proceeds are going towards cancer research .
 Its fools like this that are making real artists opressed . He didnt get any chance in any film anymore so he just though toh well I still have music . Since he is mister Smith he gets the best beats right any beat maker wan na stand next to this mainstream pothead . The person that made the beats needs to get em to a real rapper not someone who sounds like they are practising a normal conversation . he has no flow . This cd reminds me of viagra he just thought he got older a comeback and bader like a old dude with viagra . somebody throw this fool of stage seriously when i listened to it i only enjoyed the beats i developed a automatic block to his voice . Dont buy it unless you like mainstream stupid lyrical msuic like laffy taffy or lil Jon . sorry smith retire two way u got enough money to spare a nation from eartorture !
 I think the rest of these reviews are from people who do n't listen to real hiphop . He 's clean , but come on , this is garbage , regardless of the clean lyrics . People who are enthusiasts of Urban music should n't comment on what 's good and what 's bad . This is not just bad , it 's horrible . It 's been through the laundry , but all of the grit was washed out . If you want positivity and good music , look to Common , Mos Def , Black Eye Peas . I 'm not a fan of 50 Cent , because of the empty mindedness and violence , but this is too , too `` mainstream '' and does nothing . Sometimes a good music system helps . I have one , and it could n't help this CD . Also , it 's preachy and goodie-two shoes . Kanye West had `` Jesus Walks '' and that was tight and still not preachy . Method Man did `` You 're all I need '' and that was tight . Each song is Nauseating !!! And the beats are garbage . I like Will Smith as a personality , but definitely not for his musicianship . I have as much respect for his artistic talent as I do for Vanilla Ice and Hammer . It 's dated , preachy , and bland . Maybe I 'm just annoyed over the audacity that he thought he could do another one to torture us . I also am fumed that he denotes Wendy Williams . He may be offended by her , but that is my girl and she get 's me through the long days at work . His music ca n't do that for me .
 Dear Will SmithI popped in your cd at the local HMV the other day because . . well . . i saw it on the rack . I had no idea it was coming out , and really there was no buzz about it when it dropped either but i thought what the heck , I 'll check it out . You were the one that did `` Parents Just Do n't Understand '' and `` Summertime '' after all.So i pop in the cd and the first song comes on . Nice lyrics i thought to myself , I wonder if Mad Skillz wrote the whole album for you , or just the popular track -LRB- s -RRB- like he did last time . So i skip to the next song , and I realize quickly that there is no way that Skillz wrote the entire album . That 's your first mistake.And as i start skipping through the other tracks on the album -LRB- quite quickly -RRB- a few things become very clear to me , firstly , I 'm not sure who made your beats , but they all sound like Timbaland throwaways . Secondly , you REALLY need to work on those choruses , because , lets face it some of them are just straight up corny . Thirdly if you plan on writing a SONG to Aadress eminem , then DISS HIM , your whole so-called diss is filler about yourself-and you do n't even talk about yourself all that well . you might as well diss him , cause you know he 's gon na diss you , and all `` Mr. Niceguy '' did was give eminem more material to work with the next time he does make fun of you . AND all of a sudden you sound like an LL Cool J rip off ? and not like a `` Mama Said Knock You Out '' rip off either , more of a , `` No one listens to LL any more except fans in high heels '' type of rip off.But at least i know that you wrote part of the album , because i know you did n't go and pay someone to write you songs like `` Tell Me Why '' and Holy Roller '' . . PLEASE tell me you did n't pay someone to write those!Well Will i hafta get going now , It 's almost SummaSummaSummaSummaTime , and there are clothes to be bought , and girls to see in skimpy bikinis ... Until next time . . take care , and keep doing cheesy movies , and claiming you 're not a cheeseball yourself , it works for you on the screen . - One -
 Do you know who the good rappers are ? Any Body on AfterMath -LRB- Dr. Dre 's Label -RRB- bisides th LOX 's -LRB- jadakiss , Etc -RRB- , ludacris , and many others , but not this guy . i did n't buy this CD i heard all these songs of my friends computers and man do they suck . Hes ust like Ja-Rule , has alot of money but sucks at rapping . Do not Buy this trash , it makes Vanilla ice look good .
 About 3/4 of this version is fine but for some reason Muti periodically speeds up the tempo so much that numbers sound like Gilbert and Sullivan patter songs . Generally when this happens the singers can not handle the words and you just have a mess . I found myself getting increasingly irritated with this recording as I progressed . I will never purchase another Muti recording .
 Muti would seem to have the right dramatic instncts for Don Giovanni , whose action is closer to Verdi than any other Mozart oprea . But the vociferous attacks and blunt melodrama that Muti applies in Verdi do n't belong in Mozart . He seems to have enoucraged his singers to forget the `` giocoso '' aspect of Don Giovanni -- I 've never heard a performance so relentlessly free of humor.Yet in a sense this is all beside the point . Casting is 90 % of an opera 's success , and Muti made two very bad choices
 SI ELLOS TIENEN TALENTO , ENTONCES VIVIMOS EN UN PLANETA DE LOCOS . QUE TITO NO SE HA ESCUCHADO A SI MISMO LO DESASTROSA E IRRITANTE QUE SUENA SU VOZ ??? LAS LEYES DEBERIAN SER SEVERAS Y PROHIBIRLE GRABAR UN DISCO MAS .
 A mi no me gusta escuchar a hector y tito porque es bien pervertido . Y la musica no se como nos puede gustar muchos jovenes , musica tan simple . Si quieres escuchar buen reggaeton escuches a Daddy Yankee y Playero 41 .
 to me this cd could have been wayyyyyyyyyy better . who wants to hear themes like eugene or teddy long , when they can hear ortons , Edge , BATISTA 's !!!!! evolution is good , the sd theme is good , christians theme is good . but it could have been way better .
 this is one of the worst WWE CD releases to date . Most themes on here are utter crap . Most of the themes people want like Burn In My Light by mercy drive -LRB- Ortons theme -RRB- , Eddie Guerreros Theme , Edges new theme -LRB- Metalingus by Alter Bridge -RRB- but instead you have : Motorhead - Line In The Sand
 This CD was incredibly dissappointing and I should have refused to buy this album in the first place . The only interesting tracks were Motorhead - Line In The Sand , You Ca n't Run - Billy Kidman , and Gail Kim 's theme - International Woman . Some themes included were absolutely pointless , such as Carlito Carribean Cool , who had hardly been on the WWE roster and had already bought himself a spot on a WWE disc . Heidenreich was another pointless theme of one of the WWE 's most unpopular superstars . I 'm sure A-Train had more charisma . The Raw Diva Search theme was pointless as I 'm sure you ca n't rip that to an XBox for any reason . It is definitely known that the WWE had not released any music album for ages , but this was a miserable attempt . I would have prefered a few themes from departed superstars such as Goldberg , Test or Scott Steiner 's WWE theme tune , which ca n't be found anywhere !
 CANT BELIVE CHRISTAIN GOES OUT WITH THAT ONE NEW THEME SONG LIKED HIS OLD ONE BETTER . THE NEW CENA SONG IS BETTER . SEARIOUSLY THOUGH CHECK OUT THE WWF CD 'S I LISTED ABOVE , THOSE WERE THE GOOD OLD DAYS .
 I thought the WWE would be hard pressed to come up with a collection that had me less enthusiastic than Agression or Forceable Entry . I was wrong . WWE Themeaddict is a weak installment in their `` The Music '' series . Conspicuously missing are several high demand themes -LRB- Randy Orton being the most obvious -RRB- , while we end up with a festering collection of dregs and also-rans . Here 's the rundown : Line in the Sand
 The only great songs on the CD I would say is Evolution 's theme Line in the sand . Also Billy Kidman 's and the Smackdown theme . John Cena 's song The Untouchable is n't is as great as the Basic thugonomics .
 Like everyone else has written , Line In The Sand -LRB- Evolution -RRB- and Just Close Your Eyes -LRB- Christian -RRB- are the only 2 songs worth giving a damn on this cd . Randy Orton 's theme , Lita 's theme -LRB- the new version w/lyrics -RRB- , and Edge 's new song were the songs I mostly anticipated , only to be disappointed . Why did Victoria switch to this horrible hip-hop song ? She should 've stuck w/the russian lesbian club song -LRB- All The Thing She Said -RRB- . They could 've added an old skool WWE tune or two -LRB- I 'm STILL waiting for them to release Dusty Rhode 's `` Americana '' theme , Sherri Martel 's version of `` Sexy Boy '' , and The Rougeau Bros. `` All-American Boys '' !!! Why werent they ever on the Anthology cd ? -RRB-
 This is mainly good for Taker 's current theme which is on the dvd .
 In November of 2002 , the very first ever `` Anthology '' of WWF/WWE music came out to a mixed reaction among the wrestling music population . A lot of complaints rose up about the quality of some of the songs , the length , and even which were picked -LRB- like in every greatest hits deal , no offering can ever please everybody -RRB- although there were strong reasons to be upset . The most glaring error was the length of songs that were literally chopped to make room , leaving quite a few incomplete . So , in October of 2004 , they tried again to make a better showing.ThemeAddict is a sixteen track compilation of mostly the `` latest '' stars and their music as opposed to a larger group of veteran competitors mixed with the latest tunes of their new brethren . Unfortunately , the songs picked leave a lot to be desired as per a usual Johnston release . Track by track , here 's the details .1 . Evolution - Performed by Motorhead , this is Evolution 's current theme that is complete , at nearly four minutes . The song was a highly requested addition to any new CD in 2004 , but differs considerably from their `` exit '' music which can be heard on the Smackdown ! Here Comes The Pain video game , used when they win a match . A good song , fitted the old four man group well and a solid opener .2 . Carlito - A laid back island beat with occasional Carlito quotes dispersed throughout helps define the Carlito character and is pretty fun to listen to , as well as fits the superstar . Another good addition to the CD .3 . Theodore R. Long - Originally used by Rodney Mack -LRB- hence the title MacMilitant -RRB- this starts out with generic rap lyrics but towards the end sounds more like the lead singer is constipated with his groaning and muttering . Re-hashed for his former manager Teddy Long because of his emergance as SmackDown 's General Manager , but really inappropriate for a 5 ' 5 , 140 lb non-wrestler .4 . Christian - To clear up questions , this is NOT the actual , exact version used in the arenas . WWE apparently added parts , guitars , and edited the song itself to loop repetitively around the chorus . Inappropriate for Christian , as it does n't have the real `` feel '' for the Christian character but is nonetheless a nicely performed offering from the Waterproof Blonde group , who seemingly can not make a bad song yet as of this review are still unsigned to a major label .5 . Heidenreich - Repetition personified for three solid minutes , heavy drums and guitar mixes with chants of `` Hei-den-REICH ! '' make the track sound more appropriate for an invading army than a professional wrestler . Decent for the character , but not the best possible selection .6 . Real Good Girl - One of the many Diva Search themes , this was created by WWE staff . A very poor addition , forgettable melody and repetitious lyrics make this no longer used song a waste of time and effort .7 . Chavo Guerrero , Jr - The medium tempo and cries of `` Oooh Chavo '' remind me slightly of Shawn Michaels ' theme , but is mostly instrumental via traditional Mexican instruments amidst occasional Spanish quotes from a female background vocalist . Not exactly Billboard Top 10 material .8 . Undertaker remix - No place on a CD for a remake of a popularly requested theme . WWE really dropped the ball by creating a song for more money when Undertaker 's theme had been created in early '04 and was in use ! The remix itself combines elements of the current Undertaker theme -LRB- think goth instrumentals of `` Funeral March '' -RRB- and his older Volume 3 and `` Ministry '' tune before switching back to end with his funeral march derivative . A good piece if it was added WITH the current Undertaker tune , but in place of ? Not right .9 . Eugene - The childlike `` savant '' of Eugene is given a theme song with guitar solos and a repetitive series of chords that remind me personally of The Rock 's volume four song . The earlier version replaced by this was much better as it sounded very like `` Eye of the Tiger '' but this was pretty dismal with pianos and guitar solos and honestly could have been avoided . Bad call , the instruments just clashed poorly and the song was at least a minute too long .10 . Victoria - One of the absolutely most dreadful excuses for music I 've ever heard in my life . Repetitive , absolutely talentless and completely without shame or substance make this a useless tune period .11 . Shelton Benjamin - `` Ai n't No Stoppin ' '' gives you a good idea of the grammar and language the lead singer -LRB- rapper ? -RRB- uses as this is a complete joke of a song . Most lyrics are barely indicative of intelligence and the title itself is a grammar faux pas . The attempt to hit up the hip-hop crowd to buy the CD is plainly obvious by now , with a song no different then any other rap hit to deluge the market in the past decade .12 . Billy Kidman - Never before released songs ? This near two minute masterpiece gone wrong originally came from WWE.COM as the Anthology bonus track . It was a waste then and still is now . Another generic rap song , originally I thought DMX produced this as the styles are very similiar . Personally , I think Kidman 's better off with his old theme from WCW days , which was a rock instrumental as forgettable as he is .13 . Smackdown - `` Rise Up '' by Drowning Pool - Personally I love Drowning Pool but this song seems to be a lackluster effort . Nobody could deny SmackDown needed a new theme song but this does n't really seem to be one of those long lasting , memorable tunes . A decent , if forgettable song , and unfortunately so far the brands and GM 's have gotten more CD time than the wrestlers .14 . Gail Kim - A long sought after release , `` International Woman '' -LRB- who writes the TITLES of these things ? A six year old with a lobotomy could do better ! -RRB- combines a very J-Electro tune with the haunting vocals that leave Gail Kim 's character an enigma . It also remains an enigma why she got fired before this CD came out to hire a few talentless bimbos who ca n't wrestle over her .15 . J.B.L - As if watching him on TV was n't enough , now we can hear his theme at home , and if you are lucky enough to have the DVD , the song with an ending ! Very generic , sounds like the start of a Texas evening news broadcast , even including the mooing of cows with a stock exchange bell to attempt reflection at JBL 's switch from a Texan to a New York self-made millionaire via Wall Street . The song and JBL have one thing in common
 The followup to their startling debut , `` This is Madness '' finds the Last Poets short one member -- Abiodum Oyewole had been arrested and sentenced for robbery , but poets Alafia Pudim and Omar Ben Hassen together with percussionist Nilija carried on , with the concept relatively unchanged . The difference is largely in the mood of the music -- Oyewole presence and his aggressive , political statements -LRB- the sort of revolution is coming , do n't be scared and get up and take it -RRB- is gone.The result is a somewhat less aggressive and more homogeneous album -- there 's really only ten tracks , the `` chants '' are just the backing vocals more exposed . It works in some areas , but its clear the band wants to move on and does n't quite know how to -- the really exciting material that keeps the aggressive moods of the opener -LRB- `` True Blues '' , `` Time '' , `` White Man 's Got a God Complex '' -RRB- work best , the rest is n't quite as interesting.This release features really nicely cleaned sound and mini-LP sleeve artwork and really makes quite a nice presentation.Start with their debut , if you enjoyed that one , try this one out , its got its share of good material , but the debut is better .
 It is a good game , but the music is n't good at all .
 There are plenty of average blues bands on the scene that produce fairly good quality , sometimes enjoyable CD 's and then there is BackBone Slip . It is hard to find any redeeming quality about this disc . The cover 's of JB Lenoir 's `` Mama , Talk To Your Daughter '' , Ray Charles `` A Fool For You '' and Jimmy Reed 's `` Bright Lights , Big City '' are performed with absolutely no enthusiasm or feeling . You get the impression that these guys are merely going through the motions . The covers of Son Terry 's `` Walk On '' and Joe William 's `` Big Legged Woman '' , while slightly better can only be described as mediocre . The CD includes two bonus songs only available on the CD , wow ! . Those two songs are Frank Zappa 's -LRB- that 's right , Frank Zappa -RRB- `` Trouble Everyday '' and Percy Mayfield 's `` Dangerzone '' . both songs will make you wish you purchased the cassette . Blue Wave has a stable of talented musicians . Unfortunately , this group is not one of them . Two stars is being generous !
 New Edition should ` nt had released a cover of 1950s Doo-Wop , but it was really MCA records ' doing . In 1985 , when New Edition were ` nt making the desired profits from their 1984 self titled MCA debut plus the tours , TV Shows and promotions -LRB- -LRB- they were still living in the Roxbury Projects -RRB- , they discovered that they were ` nt really signed to MCA the label per se , but to a production company named Jump-Shoot Productions , which also had inked a deal with MCA . New Edition went hard on all the tours , TV performances , and promotions for 1985 's All For Love album to make extra money to get out of Jump-Shoot and sign for MCA for real . Things were a little rough since they were forced to kick Bobby Brown out of the group shortly after the realease of All For Love album because Bobby was extremley unhappy with New Edition 's imature direction and openly rebelled several times - so extreme that it could 've damaged the boys ' careers . New Edition continued to perform as a foursome at the moment , but things did ` nt get any better being that MCA had the group make that doo-wop filled , Under The Blue Moon album featuring many classic songs such as `` Earth Angel '' and `` Hey Lonely Girl , but they winged it since they needed the money . When MCA released this album , the future of New Edition 's careers were in question . They were appearing on Hollywood Squares , Keep On Cruisin ' , and other mainstream American standardized programs as a result of the album and many black fans saw them as `` selling out '' -LRB- kind of like when The Temptations recorded In A Mellow Mood album in 1967 - when Motown insisted , most of the Tempts were concerned about `` selling out '' for singing all American-pop standard ballads for that album -RRB- . On top of that , the cover songs were sugar-coated with some of their old imature styles , even though two of its members were nearly aging out of their teens . Bobby Brown would ` nt have gone for that . I am a big New Edition fan , but MCA records , Jump-Shoot , or whoever molded them like this in 86 '' were playing the boys . Even though `` Earth Angel '' is the sole standout song on this album -LRB- and most mature -RRB- , New Edition were much too talented for this crappy production . The music that Freddie Perren and Rick Wyatt was producing on top of the covered material were not New Edition . Black music was starting to shift in full swing with New Jack Swing and club oriented songs and performing the cover songs with the obsolete productions were not helping the group at all . Thats part of the reason why Ralph Tresvant nearly quit the band to work on a solo album .
 Feeling nostalgic , I bought the CD for the title song . First time I 've regretted purchasing a full CD as the ` Be Happy ' song is the only song on there I 'll want to listen to again when the mood strikes .
 CD was scratched or something . Any it stops about have way through the song ; switched to next song and the same thing .
 Do n't be fooled . This is not the original recording of Simple Pleasures . Yes it contains `` Do n't Worry Be Happy '' . It is interesting because I am a big fan , but I have no idea where the other songs on this CD originated .
 First of all , I would like to make it very clear that I have a great respect for the English choral tradition ; both for the composers and for the performers . I know first-hand the technical skills necessary to sing the music of the repoitoire ; but I humbly have to find fault with this rendition of Evensong.Part of the beauty of this style of recording is precisely that it is done `` live '' , but as is admitted in the programme notes , some things were redone without the congregation on a different day . While this is n't blatantly obvious to the casual listener , I find it difficult because it compormises the integrity of the service and all of the little quirks that sometimes happen such as a cough or a sneeze . These kinds of things are a subtle reminder that music -LRB- especially in the service of God -RRB- is a production of human creativity . This disc is entitled `` Choral Evensong from King 's College '' and thus is n't properly a concert , but worship ; to `` re-do '' tracks seems inappropriate and perhaps even vain ... so much for the `` musical offering '' . I was sadly disappopinted that the upper voices seemed shrill , especially in the verse-response sections at the beginning and the end of the service . At first I thought that the problem lay in my stereo , so I tried to adjust several times , all without satisfactory results . All that I received from this was a blistering headache caused by the boy-sopranos . The secret , my little choristers , is n't to `` scream '' the high notes , the secret is in proper breath support . Not having ever been to Cambridge , I would like to think that the acoustics of the chapel caused this inbalance in the choir ; but perhaps that 's too kind.Finally to add injury to insult , a woman read the Gospel account of the Journey to Emmaus . This simply is n't my style.A decent attempt overall ; but in my opinion , not quite `` English '' enough for Evensong ...
 By this time , Atomic Rooster had ceased being a prog/hard rock band and settled for being a band with ever-changing personnel and a much weaker sound ... sort of a blues/r & b ; meets ... I dunno ... rock , I guess . The perpetually useless Chris Farlowe stepped in on lead vocals supplemented by a faceless guitarist and drummer assisting keyboardist Vincent Crane , who would be the only original member to last the entirety of this band . In fact , I 'm not sure this band * ever * had the same lineup on any two albums during their first go-round in the 70 's . It 's pretty bad when your longest-serving lead vocalist is Chris Farlowe.I give this one 2 1/2 stars for containing a couple of decent songs . The Rooster made us suffer through one more album -LRB- NICE & GREASY ... Atomic Rooster IV in the U.S. -RRB- before calling it a day.Stick to DEATH WALKS BEHIND YOU , or the slightly weaker IN HEARING OF , if you want to give these guys a listen . At least those two albums almost had the same lineup ...
 pretty boring ! This is a piece that needs to have real blood , and yet a coldness in it at all times . This recording did n't have anything close to that . It was a standard run through for the Sibelius concerto , one that I would not like to listen to again . A plus though is that Kennedy navigates some of the technical parts of the third movement much cleaner than his contemperaries . If you want to hear this piece the way it was meant to be played , check out Heifetz/Beecham on EMI .
 Kennedy 's fame is entirely beyond my comprehension . -LRB- I supposeit has something to do with clever marketing . -RRB- He is a sub-mediocreviolin player who 30 years ago would have had little chance of making a career beyond his home town . His approach to Tchaikovsky and Sibelius -LRB- like his approach to all other music I 've ever heard him play -RRB- is sentimental , limp , bloodless , an unstructured morass . His tone is thin , his sense for rhythm nonexistent , his phrasing a mixture of gooey , scratchy and choppy . There is neither emotional nor intellectual honesty in his interpretations . He undermines the standards and accomplishments of the great ones before him
 It 's really funny how everyone who dislikes this CD is called a republican catholic right-winger and whatnot . From a strict comedy point of view , this CD fails miserably . It would be much more accurate to file this CD under ` long-winded political and religious rants ' . It may be spot-on as political commentary but certainly not as comedy . Although perhaps some people enjoy listening to someone read from a Promisekeepers program . I ca n't get rid of this boring CD quickly enough.And before you attack me , I enjoy left wing and off-color comedy immensely . In fact most of the best comedians are both left-wing and off-color . Lewis Black and George Carlin are two who jump to mind as being able to skillfully merge politics and comedy into something amusing regardless of your own political views . The priority on a comedy CD should be , make sure you are funny first and THEN work in political commentary .
 The album just is n't funny.It 's not smart , clever , or witty.It was a big disappointment .
 This CD is not nearly as good as could Davis Cross can be . It 's mostly a sad rant , with some `` I wish I were Bill Hicks '' elements mixed in.When is Triumph the Insult Comic Dog 's CD going to be out ?
 I do n't care that he makes fun of the patriotism stuff . But it 's just not a very good act . Very dissapointed . If you like Mr. Show but hate the boring , awkward , prolonged skits that show up on it a lot , do n't buy the CD . George Bush bit is funny though .
 I am a huge Mr. Show fan and think this guy is a very good comedic writer . This on the other hand is a babbling and very negative drunken fool bantering on about nothing . He sucked me very quickly into a vacuum of the mind of a pi * sed of jerk . If you like unenlightened empty people ... give a listen . This guy is actually very funny in other incarnations . Look for those .
 Being a die hard fan of Mr. Show I thought this album would be a sure thing ! Boy was I wrong . This album is nothing more than a long sad meanderring political rant from a disillusioned and pissed off man . The laughs , for the most part , never started for me and at the end of the album i was left with a bitter taste in my mouth . Trust me , if your a fan of Mr. Show , do n't assume this is the same humor as you 'd expect on that jolly half-hour of funny . I 'd like to think that David 's joke was getting us to spend $ 15 dollars on this sad rant , and that he is somewhere chuckling quietly and counting the tens of dallars he made off this album .
 This is a terrible cd . There are funny moments and a few funny bits but , overall , I feel -LSB- unsatisfied -RSB- . While I do n't mind a comic who expresses his political and religious views for a laugh , Mr. Cross tends to go way overboard . He spends far too long expressing his opinions then forgets to turn his views into something funny . I buy comedy albums because I want to laugh and be entertained , if I wanted to hear long-winded political opinions and theories I 'd watch C-Span . I would n't recommend this to anyone ; however , if you must own it , I 'll be selling mine ... next week .
 I 'm a pretty easy person to please when it comes to comedy , which is why I try out new people I 've never heard before . Usually the results are great . Dane Cook was one of them and his CD is now one of my favorites . Bill Hicks was another one . Picked up one of his CDs without hearing a single routine from him , and again the results were positive.David Cross ' `` Shut Up , You -- ing Baby ! '' did NOT have the same impression on me . I 've tried to listen to this album at least three times and have never been able to make it all the way through . It 's just not good , or at least that 's what I think.The biggest problem , you ask ? The delivery . It is the delivery that KILLS this album . Cross sounds shaky , nervous , very unenergetic , and acts like he does n't have a lot of faith in his material . Ever hear somebody do a speech in front of class when they hated doing speeches ? What were the results ? Stuttering , fumbling over words , using a lot of `` ums , '' shaky voice and so on . That 's exactly what David Cross sounded like . I felt like I was in a speech class hearing somebody trying to give a speech when they really did n't want to.It 's a shame , because he has some good material . It 's clear that a lot of work goes into his routines and bits , but I wished more time was spent on the delivery . If you do n't have the delivery when it comes to comedy , then you have NOTHING.All in all , I was n't very impressed with the album . And this is coming from somebody who is EASILY entertained by comedy routines . It really does n't take a lot to get me to laugh . When I look at the title `` Shut Up , You -- ing Baby ! '' I think to myself , `` David , do yourself a favor and take your own advice . '' It 's a shame , because he has a lot of potential . He just really needs to improve the poor delivery . If he does that , then he will have a very entertaining and funny show .
 As a big Mr. Show fan , this was a real let down . Instead of being funny , he 's just creepy and angry . You 'll feel tense and uncomfortable when listening to this CD . David 's timing is really bad too , for a comic .
 David Cross explains that 9/11 is the day football stopped . Almost 3000 people are dead and he jokes about it ... That 's funny !!!?? May be Osama should be sent a copy of this ... anyway ... 2 CD 's filled with someone complaining the whole time ... no kidding ... Sorry but it gets REAL boring after the 2nd track . Man ... I tried to like this release but it ... ! They add this fake laugh track to make it seem like there were more people there in the audience ... Listen to it on head phones and you will see what I mean ... The recording quality is also terrible ... You hear a buzz in the microphone on half of the tracks ???? Do n't waste your time or money on this one !!!!!! ... David next time you joke about the WTC you should go down to ground zero and look at the grave yard of almost 3000 people ...
 I love David Cross , having followed his stand-up , Mr. Show , and having seen the traveling stage version of such . I also have a copy of Run Ronnie Run . So I eagerly awaited this album , and was titillated to hear it would be a double disc.Unfortunately , the comedy falls far short . There is little timing or content , the stereotypes are tired , and the entire effort scathingly exposes a lack of preparation . Indeed , he admits to drinking and rambling in the liner notes . Do n't expect much . Most jokes drag on for many minutes -LRB- far removed from earlier Cross stand-up -RRB- and the whole album could have been condensed into one fairly good HBO comedy special . No need for this much dead air and awkward filler . The jokes themselves are offensive without being very funny , and this reviewer really does otherwise enjoy mean-spirited humor ! . Further , he twists facts and skewers people , and that is just so easy to do . Empty ramblings and ignorance of timing . Plus the humor is just plain lazy . I did n't expect this lack of talent from David Cross!A wasted gift card . I laughed hard exactly four times in two hours , on par with Freddy Got Fingered ...
 I must admit that I am a fan of David Cross ' work and I happen to agree with much of what he has to say . That being said , I expected this CD to have some sort of humor in it . But there were no areas of this disk that I laughed out loud and there were a couple of areas that just brought out a smirk . Mr. Cross came across as a bitter , cranky , jerk who just finally found a microphone to tell everyone how he feels about a variety of issues . While I did agree with his political viewpoints on religion and on our current administration , I just did n't find it funny at all . I really felt at times during this CD that someone had gone down to a street corner and taped someone railing against the Bush administration . If you are a liberal , you may appreciate his take on many issues -LRB- although he does tend to make a lot of blanket statements without really giving specifics -RRB- , and if you are a conservative you will want to buy something else . And if you are a fan of comedy , you definitely want to look elsewhere . I suggest Robin Williams ' new CD , because while he deals with similar topics and takes similar stances , he has the ability to make you laugh . I now consider David Cross unfunny , and hope that his future work is n't as dull as this waste of time .
 I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- a huge fan of `` Mr. Show '' . It was the only reason I kept my HBO subscription . It 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created `` Mr. Show '' produced this weak offering . Might be the least funny comedy CD I 've ever heard . Virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . Most of the bits just lay there and die . Mr. Cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . Sorry , it just does n't work.Don ' t waste you money on this one . Get the `` Mr. Show '' DVDs instead and forget this ever existed .
 This was such a disappointment . David is a brilliant sketch writer , but -LSB- is a poor -RSB- stand-up . His stories seemed strained and repetitive . OK , you do n't like Bush or anything he stands for , I GET IT ALREADY ! Let it go and move on ! Even the audience had a hard time with some of of his leftist rants . They only gave him polite appluase .
 As a general rule I enjoy David Cross ' stand up routines , in addition to his great work on Mr.Show , but this septic rant does n't do him an ounce of credit.His disjointed style can often be entertaining and refreshing , but when he does stop to focus on something , he focuses on all the wrong things . It 's one thing to be edgy and irreverent , quite another to be distasteful and offensive - even to the edgy , irreverent crowd.The title of this CD is more appropriately used to review it - since about 20 % of the routine is funny , for the rest you just want to tell David ` Shut up , you f ** ing baby ! ' . So I 'll give it 1 star for the 20 % that 's worth listening to , and another star for the fact that he hates John Ashcroft ...
 I really can not believe that I paid for this . Cross is getting the last laugh here with his inane comedic repertoire . If I could give a rating with negative stars , then I feel I could properly review this disc . However , I can not but , I will still take a turn at telling you why you should not buy this disc.After listening to the first disc , I was mortified . Not by the explicit language , but by his lack of humor . Most intelligent people would be hard-pressed to crack a smile while listening to the first disc . However , I was soon comforted by a friend who said the second disc was much better . Wrong ! In fact , the second disc is worse . It took me another two months to attempt to listen to the second disc . It was an utter waste of my time.If you like comedians who go for cheap laughs using four letter words , this is a waste of time . If this CD is indicative of Cross 's talent , then he should stick to doing other peoples ' material . He was really funny in so many other shows . It 's too bad he has no talent to call his own.Advice for those who enjoy laughing
 If you lined up all of the humourous material on the 2 CD 's , you 'd laugh for 5 minutes . But those 5 minutes would be F**king hysterical . Funny in places but very diluted .
 Having enjoyed Mr. Show immensely , I simply ca n't accept that this is the best David is capable of . It 's dreadful . Maybe one laugh every 5 minutes , maybe not . It starts off on a promising note , as Dave tells a hilarious story about his experience at a `` Light up Atlanta '' festival ; the listener rubs his hands with glee - this is going to be great ! Then ... nothing . Subjects that have the potential to be funny are approached without comic timing , irony , cleverness , or any of the other things that make for good stand up . Dave 's take on 9/11 is n't funny , it is n't offensive , it 's just kinda , `` y' know '' - there . We know soldiers wearing camouflage in the city is silly because George Carlin told us so 20 years ago . Also , if you took out all the `` y' knows '' and `` like 's '' and , of course , four letter words that begin with `` F '' , this mess could easily have been put on one CD . In fact , Dave apologizes for so much swearing in the liner notes . Let me tell you what , Dave
 As I write this review of David Cross ' `` comedy '' disc , I 'm well aware of the bashing I 'll get from the anti-Bush crowd . To clarify
 A few laughs , but below par for Cross . He takes aim at easy marks such as Southern racists and bumper sticker patriots but does n't offer anything you would n't get out of the Guardian UK comments page , i.e. , rambling vitriol.He 's capable of better than that .
 I bought this album having seen David Cross in Arrested Development and reading allmusic 's glowing review of it . All in all , I was pretty disappointed . I laughed a few times , to be sure , but not nearly enough to justify the 2 hours I spent listening to it . Quite a few of his bits seemed to take way too long to get through , often rehashing some point several times before delivering the punchline , and only some of the times I thought , `` it was worth listening to all that for that laugh . `` A number of reviews of this album indicate that his stand-up has quite a few fans , many of them quite fervent in their praise , so obviously some people really enjoy his material . I wish I 'd read through the reviews on here before buying it , though . If I had , I might have run across one indicating that this is the kind of stuff that most people either love and thrive on , or really just do n't dig . Personally , I did n't really dig it.Quite a few of the reviews on here cover much of the subject matter he rants about , so I wo n't dwell on that . I would suggest listening to a few snippets of the album before investing in it . You might like it more , or less , than you 'd think .
 David Cross is better reading lines written by others than doing stand-up . After seeing play the character named Donny on `` Just Shoot Me '' and seeing snippets of his stand-up act on The Comedy Channel , I had high hopes for this CD . What a let down.After picking on the funny accents of gays and rednecks , and an ironic bit about how Hollywood is full of talentless yet hopeful morons , Cross recedes into a seemingly endless rant against President Bush , John Ashcroft , and other conservative figures . I like to think that I can laugh at almost anything funny , but this is hardly comedy ... just hateful leftist rantings.My biggest regret is that my purchase put money into the pocket of this no-talent hack . It went from my CD player into the garbage can . David Cross is n't funny . He is an actor playing the part of a comedian .
 To the guy who said I only gave David Cross a negative review because I 'm a `` right-wing fanatic who ca n't handle the truth '' , I ask to ask if you ever get tired of being wrong . I often enjoy leftist comics like Lewis Black and George Carlin , comedians who are actually funny . But , of course , no one can ever comment on leftist material without the supposed `` liberals '' spewing out their hate rhetoric against anyone who disagrees with them . Amazing how the people who preach loudest about freedom of speech are always the first to attack and try to censor anyone who voices a different opinion from their own.Anyway , any aspiring stand-up comedian should listen to this album for a lesson on what NOT to do . The David Cross style of `` comedy '' -LRB- I 'm being really generous with that term -RRB- involves 1 . Making sure the set-up to the `` joke '' is at least eight minutes long 2 . End the `` joke '' with the phrase `` What the F *** '' ! Who needs a punchline when you can just end every sentence with the F-word ! But if you do n't believe me , then give it a listen . You 'll get to hear David Cross 's hilarious opener where he spends nine minutes describing how hot it was where he grew up . No punchlines , just `` witty '' dialogue like `` It was so hot and then we 'd sweat and then run around so it felt even more hot '' . From there , it 's a brilliant 15 minutes on Los Angeles , where Mr. Cross makes fun of aspiring actors and describes every kind of person and ends it with the phrase `` But they 're all going to make it , right ? '' Seriously , David must say `` They 're all going to make it '' at least 15 times . -LRB- It feels more like 150 times when you listen to it . -RRB- From there it 's David 's hilarious musings on the September 11th tragedy , where he talks about really funny stuff like how bad Ground Zero smelled . I also enjoyed who it took Mr. Cross eight minutes to get to the same punchline about John Ashcroft that Robin Williams used in a thirty-second blurb on his great `` Live From Broadway '' album . -LRB- It was much funnier when Robin did it , by the way . -RRB- I do n't know what happens after that because by this time I was playing the album backwards to see if it would be funnier that way.If you want to hear a comedian who talks about current political events in a hilarious and thought-provoking way , listen to Lewis Black 's excellent `` The End Of The Universe '' album . However , if you feel you must serve penance for some awful sin you 've committed , then give David Cross a try .
 Sorry , but this CD -LSB- 's bad -RSB- . I really , * really * hoped I was going to like it and I was so psyched when I got it as a present , and from a three sentence review I read somewhere thought I was going to die laughing but instead I spent 98 % of the time literally praying to god that it would end so I could listen to something else and get on with my life . I did n't know this guy before , or Mr.Show , or whatever he does for a living , but this is just not a funny routine on its own merits.The first CD is pure boredom all the way through . I think I had a tiny , small , small smile at maybe two points while listening to it but otherwise I was almost asleep . The second CD was also boring but it did have two parts where I actually smiled a little and I made a small `` ha '' noise in the back of my throat once , maybe twice . -LRB- Is this review tepid enough for you ? -RRB- Now I loved George Carlin in his prime , and chuckled to Andrew Dice Clay , the Jerky Boys had me crying tears of laughter , and Sam Kinison is my favorite comedian , so I 'm no stranger to hostile/out there/politically incorrect/in your face humor , but this CD is not in that realm . Its one thing to , say , joke -LRB- the CD aspires to skewering but only achieves `` jokes '' -RRB- about George Bush in a way that makes people think `` You know , I find that offensive , but damn it , this guy is right ... '' but to make entire routines along the lines of `` Now George Bush is real f * stupid . I mean so f * stupid I ca n't believe how f * stupid he is . And he 's our f * President !!! '' is just not anything beyond elementary school hyper-active kid `` humor '' . Where 's the creativity in that ? How long did it take to write that ? Should he get paid for that ? If you think so , send me money , I 'll give you my phone number , and you can get hours of that kind of humor anytime you want.The 9/11 routine is likewise boring/not worthwhile . I 'm not saying nobody is allowed to do comedy about 9/11 , nor am I saying that in order to do 9/11 comedy it has to be a-MA-zing , I 'm just saying that -LRB- 1 -RRB- this CD has comedy about 9/11 -LRB- 2 -RRB- that is not good . So do n't think `` Wow ! This guy has got to be a wild crazy funny man to touch 9/11 ! '' Uh uh.BTW , one of the funniest parts of the whole CD is at the end when he says goodnight . The audience is like `` Uh , yeah , clap clap , whatever , clap -LRB- home -RRB- '' and the applause dies out in about five seconds . They should have dubbed in some more serious applause.Concerning the two CDs themselves , I would almost hope that the only problem was that they took one CD worth of material and stretched it out over two disks - in other words , had they released just one `` best of '' CD it would be OK , but no , there is not enough good material on these disks to even make one good CD . And apparently the first CD has `` bonus '' stuff on it . I guess if I put it in my PC I 'll see pictures or something , but I Could Not Care Less . In fact , I lost the cover to this thing and I do n't care . -LSB- BTW , none of the `` song '' titles have anything to do with the actual comedy bits , so do n't think you 'll hear anything about Wonder Woman , Cranky Terrorists , etc -RSB-
 Many people tackle social issues with their entertainment . Many people do it well . For example Bob Dylan wrote -LRB- writes -RRB- great songs that addressed current issues . David Cross tries to do the same thing with comedy , which is a nice idea . But his jokes are not funny . Nice idea , but drawn out , repetitive , and boring . Not funny .
 This CD is by far the worse comedy CD I have ever listened to . Period , end of story . Mr. Cross thinks that he is Lenny Bruce , but he has no new ideas and says things just to be offensive , he has no new insight , is not edgy and is very , very boring .
 David Cross apparently does not like George W. Bush . At all . Or anything he ever did . Ever . Or said . If George W. Bush went on tv one day and said `` David Cross is really quite funny , '' David Cross would do 20 profanity dripping minutes on what a hack moron David Cross is . And that anyone else who thinks David Cross is funny is a moron too . Especially if they , like David Cross , are from the South .
 This is possibly the worst comedy cd ever . . I 'd rather swim a river of elephant dung than listen to this sub-juvinille material ever again ...
 David Cross is such a hilarious guy , he 'll make you bust a gut ! Non-stop laughs people ! I think he should be diefied.Okay , now that I 've said what you WANT TO HEAR , here 's what I really think . Because this is a REVIEW . Not a fan site . But who am I kidding ? You 've sought out this cd , cause you could n't kiss his butt in person . Anyway , David Cross should stick to his typecast role in movies . Cross tends to go off on long tangents doing impersonations of people that might have called him a name , or pissed hiim off in some sort of way . He 's like the kid that gets picked on and all he can do is wait until the bully is at a safe distance and start mocking him . And what you end up with on these cds are a lot of drawn-out strings of mimicking that produces only a few chuckles . He 's a whiney pessimest , who , for being a `` comic '' has not very many funny things to say . I 've honestly enjoyed his roles in movies but as a comedian you 're not getting a lot of comedy . Luckily I only borrowed this cd and did n't pay for it . I did n't have the patience to finish listening to it .
 Horrible music , horrible lyrics ... Horrible title . Never in my life have I expected that I would be recommended to by this kind of a CD .
 This might be a beautiful performance , in fact I suppose it was . I bought this recording many years ago and when I heard it , I got the shock of my life . The fourth movement ends with a frightening timpani chord . The fifth and last movement begins with another timpani stroke -LRB- the first of many -RRB- . Not so in this -LRB- and Rattle 's newer recording , which I have not heard -RRB- . Sir Simon -LRB- not Derycke Cooke -RRB- believes the last two movements should be linked . He therefore eliminates one of the chords and links the movements . Mahler 's actual effect gave me the shock of my life . At the end of the next to last movement I settled down to hear the final movement . I was shocked to hear the movement start off with the same outburst of anger that closed the previous movement . Sir Simon , in linking the movements , killed that effect . Other renditions -LRB- Ormandy - unfortunately out of print , Levine , Inbal -RRB- do n't do this . Cooke 's final version -LRB- and preliminary versions -RRB- did not do that . This is the most important thing to know before purchasing this album . For me , what Rattle did killed the performance .
 I think that the boyz are n't better or worse than for instance he Backstreet boys . But there songs are usually a lot more catchy . This is a ballad but it 's by far not their best song.The single includes 5 songs . The radio vrersion , the non-rap version and three remixes .
 Ridiculous amateur attempt at filmmaking . The film is so bad it ruined listening to Pink Floyd for me for YEARS . You would have to be pretty weak minded to think this movie is groundbreaking , deep , or powerful . Maybe if your normal fare is Cheech and Chong , this would seem like a really intelligent piece of art . I wonder if Bob Geldof ever thinks about all the good things that could have been done for the world with the money that was wasted on this crap film . Do the world a favour and do n't buy this DVD ; give the money to charity and take a nap instead .
 Why would somebody make a movie covering most of Pink Floyd 's songs ? Why ca n't we be allowed to visualize our own thoughts about a song ? Yes , a 4 min music video is just fine , but to watch a 1,5 hour musicvideo is way too much for me.No , buy a CD instead , the DVD technolegy is a wonderful thing , but this DVD is a waste of money . Buy an audio CD instead .
 One of my friends told me after I saw this movie , `` You need to have the right frame of mind to enjoy this movie -- and that frame of mind is to be completely stoned on drugs . `` This was the absolute WORST movie I have ever seen . The only reason why I sat through the whole thing and did n't leave in disgust right away was because I kept thinking to myself , `` Gosh , they will have to end this nonsense soon and get on with the * real * movie , right ? `` Except it never did ! The total inanity just went on , and on , and on ... until the movie ended !
 I just watched this movie this afternoon for the first time and I was truly stunned and blown away with how absolutely abysmally horrid this movie is . What makes it truly unbearable is that in addition to just being a bad movie in the first place , the actual music of The Wall is distorted and re-recorded in such a horrible way -- for example , the actor who plays the teacher says `` Stand still , laddie ! '' instead of the original recording , and says it very badly and unconvincingly .
 The album is great . That does n't mean you should make a movie of it!Roger Waters ' vison , when splayed across a big screen , is really appalling . We always knew he liked the dark best but I do n't think I need to see it in Panavision . Depressing and without much to offer it -LRB- outside of the fact it is associated with Pink Floyd -RRB- . Skip it .
 this film sucked ... there is no theme , they drive no point , the acting is not very good ... the music rocked . just get the cd . pink floyd is trying to tell me whats right and whats wrong ... at the same time , the movie stresses tolerance ... screw it , its a big paradox .
 Those who think books like Jack Kerouac 's `` On the Road '' and movies like `` The Crow '' actually have something to say about their respective ` generations ' will probably like the film version of `` The Wall , '' as well , and laud it just as highly . For me , though , the movie is a soulless , emotionally sterile , and bombastic 90-minute music video that 's nowhere near as affecting as the album that inspired it . Okay , so a little boy 's father dies in a war . He has fantasies about being a rock star and , would n't you know it , grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator ... or something . The subtle humor from the album is gone , instead replaced with super-literal interpretations of the songs . `` The Wall '' will remain popular , I think , only as an oddity in the annals of pretentious filmmaking .
 Eu j&aacute; possu&iacute;a a primeira verso desse t&iacute;tulo em DVD , e , equivocadamente entendi que essa `` edio especial '' apresentasse diferna que muito me interessa
 the only reason i gave it 1 star was to get peoples attention -LRB- becuase i often find myself checking the negative reviews first and your gon na notice a 1 star before a 5 star ... -RRB- point being ... some people think this movie is pointless and boring ... nobody gets the point of the movie ... first of all if you dont understand the CD ... you cant understand the movie ... the cd is the story of a man whos entire life is flashing before him ... all hes been taught , all hes went through ... the feelings hes had ... hes never learned how to get his feelings out ... so he converts his confrontations/feelings into bricks ... and creates a wall around his inner feelings ... its like cooping all that stuff up inside ... the movie simply puts that into pictures and i think its one of the best movies created ... Not only that but seriously ... anyone whos not brain dead knows that PINK FLOYD isnt your basic tell happy stories and stupid crap band ... many of their listeners are usually stoned when they hear stuff like `` Dark Side of the Moon '' and `` Wish You Were Here '' and of course `` The Wall '' ...
 I noticed that you failed to mention Richard Wright in your reply to B. Alexander ! It seems to me that Richard Wright was and has been the most maligned , mistreated and ignored member of `` Pink Floyd '' , and if `` Pulse '' and `` Delicate ... '' are not , to many of you , the `` real '' `` Pink Floyd '' then the same can be said of `` The Final Cut '' , which to me was really Roger Waters first solo Album with the `` Pink Floyd '' name slapped on it so Roger could suck as much money off of the `` Pink Floyd '' name as he could get!I can see how you might think David Gilmour , Syd Barret and Roger Waters would be part , and I stress PART of the `` Creative Core '' of `` Pink Floyd '' , but to add Nick Mason to that `` Creative Core '' of `` Pink Floyd '' before and without even mentioning Richard Wright is Asinine!Nick Mason was a great drummer , no doubt about that , but a drummer nontheless his input being 1 piece , `` The Grand Vizier 's Garden Party '' that he wrote for the album `` Ummagumma '' no vocals on that song that I remember ! The only times Mason 's voice has been included on Pink Floyd 's albums are `` Corporal Clegg '' , the single spoken line in `` One of These Days '' and spoken parts of `` Signs of Life '' and `` Learning to Fly '' -LRB- the latter taken from actual recording of Mason 's first solo flight -RRB- from `` A Momentary Lapse of Reason '' ! He does , however , sing lead vocals on two unreleased but heavily bootlegged tracks , `` Scream Thy Last Scream '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- and `` The Merry Xmas Song '' -LRB- 1975-1976 -RRB- . In live performances of the song `` Sheep '' , he did the spoken section and yet you consider him to be member of the `` Creative Core '' of `` Pink Floyd '' ! You ca n't be so dense to the `` Creative Input '' from `` Richard Wright '' can you ? Though not as prolific a songwriter as his bandmates Roger Waters and David Gilmour , he wrote significant parts of the music for classic albums such as Meddle , The Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here , as well as for Pink Floyd 's final studio album The Division Bell ! `` Richard Wright '' was the keyboardist , vocalist and songwriter , best known for his career with Pink Floyd ! Wright 's richly textured keyboard layers were a vital ingredient and a distinctive characteristic of Pink Floyd 's sound . Wright frequently sang background and occasionally lead vocals onstage and in the studio with Pink Floyd -LRB- most notably on the songs `` Time '' , `` Echoes '' , and on the Syd Barrett composition `` Astronomy Domine '' -RRB- !
 I 'm a film teacher and I 've had a number of students who were crazy about this movie , so I 've watched it
 That movie sucke
 I 'm a fan of the wall . I was hoping for a good 5.1 transfer . The 5.1 sucks !!! The stereo version is much better sounding . They funnel all the vocals in to the center channel speaker . It sounds out of place , they should of kept the vocals true to the orginal recording -LRB- L&R -RRB- . I would not buy again .
 I loved this movie in the theaters and on my VHS copy ... that 's got to be said up front.Now I sold my VHS copy and bought this thing ... , the picture is great , BUT I do n't have any surround sound system capability.So let me warn any buyers that DO N'T have a 5.1 system that THIS DVD HAS NO STEREO MIX option.This means that when I play it most of the film has almost no audible soundtrack , ... until the music comes in loud . Then it almost blows the speakers on my TV set . This must be because most of the quiet sounds are set to play from the rear speakers -LRB- that I DO N'T have -RRB- , and the LOUD sounds just flare up past the level of endurance.I am sick over the fact that I sold my perfectly good VHS copy of this , especially since this version of the film is almost unbearable to listen to and watch on a stereo set . I think that the manufacturers of this disc are very unsympathetic to us non-5 .1 endowed fans of this clasic rock movie . There should be a sound setting for us `` stereo '' TV owners.Just pass this by if you do n't have surround sound .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Pink Floyd -LRB- and The Wall too -RRB- but this constant rehashing of DSOTM and The Wall into `` Anniversary , Special Editions ... ad nauseum '' is just plain ripping off the fans.How about the long awaited DVD release of Pulse or Delicate Sound of Thunder instead ?
 I just want to say that I am always looking for a smooth , satisfactory transaction . I do not spend my money online `` for fun '' , or because I have just so much of it to throw away , I make purchases to save time . In doing so I expect not to be deceived by the companies that Amazon represent . I bought a DVD from Movie Mars . The item I received was NOT what I agreed to buy . The DVD that was sent to me was a bootleg copy that could not be read by ANY of my devices unless the drive region was changed . This is FRAUD ! Getting the company to resolve this matter has been slow , bothersome and down right annoying . I will never purchase from any company that Amazon represents . Thank you for your time . You should thank me for mine ...
 It would have been better if the sound effects on the movie werent louder then the music in some parts . I cant imagine that someone who doesnt already like the cd would like this as a movie But if you already are aquainted with the music this is a nice addition-some partys may be unable to enjoy this at all - that is thier way - I hope they enjoy it - some people kinda get it and to them - all the best . some pepole thinks it means alot - some alot to much . Im somewhere in there . Its really worth the $ . When you listen to the cd you can paint your own-this suggests certain things happen in certain epoides - which may or may not be a reflection of reality where you live - but then again it may be . On the level of someone who has heard the cd -LRB- ookk album -RRB- hundereds of times I enjoy this as a new and different way to experiance the music . Which to some mean nothing - to others means all . Im finding it throughly enjoyable . Ive listened to them for 30 yers Its like jumping jack flash-Its a gasand I dont have much gas left - but Im gon na spend some of it watching this . Oh year the STAR system - I gave it 2 stars becasue that was the lest populated area .
 I often heard how great this film was and finally decided to see for myself if the reviews would stand or not . This is an incredibly shoddy and boring piece of work . There is nothing but boredom in this production . I think the only decent scene was some of the fascist stuff but that was it . Not recommended at all . The director also flopped out with ` Evita ' another lacking film .
 Ever since his departure from Pink Floyd , Roger Waters -LRB- bassist and principle songwriter for the album and much of the band 's ' 70 's material -RRB- has used every source of media to reignite the fortunes he made from the 1979 blockbuster `` The Wall . '' From books to live stage adaptions , Waters has yet to let go . Few of these `` revivals '' have been as successful , and 1982 's film adaption of the hit record may be why.Combine Pink Floyd 's `` The Wall '' -- a smash hit -- with an acclaimed two year tour and add a somewhat relentless visionary -- Roger Waters , and a silver screen adaption is guaranteed . But `` The Wall '' movie was not to be well received with the critics . Director Alan Parker describes it as `` one of the most miserable experiences '' of his directing career ... a fine director being wasted on an ego-trip like this is definitely one of the elements of the film 's lack of luster . For anyone who is familiar with the album , the movie is undeniably predictable , with each scene following the songs to a T , and adding nothing new or redeeming , except Gerald Scarfe 's stark animation , one of the few highlights . Bob Geldof portrays the depressed rock star that the story follows , and gives the viewer nothing to appreciate , doing little but staring into space , throwing an occasional tantrum , and a bit of singing and screaming . The sequences for the songs ` Another Brick in the Wall -LRB- Part 2 -RRB- ' and ` When the Tigers Broke Free ' are nice enough but would have done better has promos.Had this movie been ... well , an actual movie instead of a somewhat uninspired two hour promo for the album , it would have fared slightly better . There is a limit of dialogue in the film . Though a few scenes do contain spoken parts , they 're usually taken straight from the album -LRB- for example , the scene with the American groupie who finds herself in the middle of yet another one of `` Pink '' 's unprovoked , pointless tantrums -RRB- , except for the scene with the wicked schoolteacher -LRB- though even that sequence takes a line from Pink Floyd 's `` Dark Side of the Moon '' album -RRB- . This is definitely one of the things that limits the depth of `` The Wall '' film . One other major mistake is the dimension of the main character , Pink -- at least the album had music to create a surrounding atmosphere and explanation for his severe isolation , but the film only tells us this is a man whose father died , had an overprotective mother , married a harlot , and became a big rich famous rock star ... and shows us such a severe dementia that the viewer will wind up concluding that Pink is just a crybaby whose anger is unfounded . Yet the biggest mistake overall is that Roger Waters forgets that he 's a songwriter , not a screenwriter . Perhaps Alan Parker should have hired a professional who was unfamiliar with the album , and only given a copy of the lyrics . Surely they would have refrained from delving into their own ego , as does Waters . Long story short , `` The Wall '' film is one long music video , adding no dimension or depth to the characters or story .
 Ok , just like the album , ive watched -LRB- listened in the case of the album -RRB- this several times , both sober and not-so . I must say , although many people like it , i think it is pretty boring . Just like the album there are spots of absolute genuis , but there are plenty of times that you would kill for a fast-forward button . Some of the acting , and all of the animation , is riveting , thought provoking , and just plain intense . But after is all said and done , youre left with the feeling of ... `` what a waste of time '' . Rent/Borrow it to check it out . Then buy it if you like it , but DONT spend your hard earned bucks just because the hype says the wall is great .
 Pink Floyd is one of the greatest rock bands of all times . `` The wall '' is an awesome rock opera that tells the story of a guy named Pink Floyd who goes through a ton of difficult things in life and gets to the point where he builds a `` wall '' around himself , seperating himslef from the world . The music is awesome however the movie sucks.This is just as bad as the `` Tommy '' movie by The Who . It 's just pointless . The album had a nice story but this movie throws it all away and shows many scenes over and over like the `` Comfortably Numb '' scene . How many times can you watch a young Pink run down a hill with a sunset in the background ? It 's ridiculous . However , the `` Trial '' scene is very cool . That 's the only part I liked about the movie . Also , take note there are some parts of the music from the album that have been deleted from the movie . I do n't know why . For all you starter fans , I know this DVD is ridiculously tempting but you will be sorry after you watch it . The `` new '' songs are slow and dull and you ca n't even hear the dialouge . It 's as if the editors just turned their voices down so you can hear the music better . `` Another brick in the wall pt .2 '' is one of Pink Floyd 's greatest hits but you eventually get tired of seeing kids walk around with their masks on . Also , the director MURDERED `` The happiest days of our lives '' . My favorite part of the song is when it goes `` But in the town it was well known '' and when I hear that music , I picture this teacher whipping a kid with a ruler but all we see is a teacher and an old lady eating dinner . We do see some lashing though but not as dramatic as what I had in mind.So this movie was terrible . If you are a die-hard fan , I know your not going to listen to me and just watch the movie because you like the band but come on . How can a fan like what they do to this movie ? When are they going to release a LIVE in concert DVD of Pink Floyd performing the wall ? Yes , there is a live concert that Waters had stirred up with some celeberties and far away in Mars is a DVD of the band playing it in 1980 but I ca n't find it anywhere ! I want to see the whole band perform the album live on DVD and I want to get it at a store ! Pink Floyd are n't treating their audiences well.Anyway , do n't watch the DVD and go buy what we have of The Wall .
 I can not watch the film as it is the wrong regional code.I do not recollect any instructions regarding this when ordering this , i live in UK and would have thought my region would have been known . Paul WellerPink Floyd The Wall .
 Rating of 1 is too high . I got this DVD after waiting forever as the purchase was international . DVD player would not play DVD as the player indicated it was prohibited from playing due to my area . If you are in the US , I highly recommend going to Best Buy to avoid headaches .
 In a visual perspective , it 's provocative , shocking , and highly disturbing to the point of it being too overwhelming for words ... but overall , the movie creeped me out !
 A lousy movie , dont buy this at any price . Most of the songs are interrupted by talk and other weird video ... I guess you have to be a true Pink Floyd fan to appreciate this movie ... Most of the songs are played incompletey ... DONT BUY THIS VIDEO , MAYBE A GOOD RENTAL
 this movie has changed my life . I wish that i had never seen those horrible scenes i was forced to watch . A friend of mine brought the movie to my house , i did not realize the terror i was about to see . It caused me to have insomnia and spasms in my right leg . Everytime i see a single object that reminds me of that video i start shaking and my leg moves uncontrollable . I cried throughout the entire film and i know my life will never be the same again . thank you pink floyd for ruining my life .
 This movie screwed my head up.You probably have to be stoned to wach this.I will never look at anything the same again .
 Pink Floyd is my second favorite band after Led Zeppelin . I got into rock music because of them . still , with all my love for PF , this is the worst movie I have seen in my life . Waters was either smoking crack , or he wanted to make some extra money , I dont know . How could this calm psychedelic band that created Meddle , Wish You Were Here and other masterpieces , make such a brutal , nasty and disturbing movie ? If it was slipknot or mudwayne , I would not be surprised , but why PF?This was a huge disappointment and I got rid of it the next day . The soundtrack album is very good , though . If you want a PF video , buy Live At Pompeii , do n't buy this crap !
 I was looking forward to the movie , but it was dissapointing . In fact , my sister walked out within the first 45 minutes of the movie .1 -RRB- I hated the animation of the film , especially when the two flowers are having intercourse .2 -RRB- I hated the acting , if you could even call it that -LRB- the people were basically just staring into space for the plurality of the movie .3 -RRB- I REALLY hated the sexual depiction . It became way too out there when one of Pink 's peoples raped the girl , and also when Pink 's wife was cheating .4 -RRB- I did not like the amount of gore and violence . I mean , why does he need to go into a pool of blood for no real reason!But , at least the music pulled me through , and there was some type of plot entact .
 I am a huge Pink Floyd fan but I have to admit , this movie lost something since I was a kid , although I suspect I 'm just getting old :-LRB- Very strange movie , hard to follow , but great music & I must admit , Bob Geldolf did a great job as Pink .
 The product mentioned that it was for all regions but I could n't play this particular disc in 3 different players , a reg dvd player , a blue ray player and an xbox player . We tried a regular movie in them and it worked fine . I 'm not saying there was anything bad about the disc but I should n't have to change country codes just to watch it then switch it back to watch other movies . There was no reading material in there either , just the disc which I found kind of odd . No matter though I 'll just find another one .
 If you 've already bought `` The Wall '' on dvd , this is just a re-packaged version , it has no additional features or footage .
 I rented this thinking that it would be entirely trippy cartoons like in fantasia except with the freedom of modern art . But alas no . It tries to set a movie to the album with a few songs missing and one extra . Ok i love the album it is magnificent but by putting a movie to the music you do n't get the chance to actually listen , the scenes get kind of drawn out and repeatitive . The cartoon snippets are awesome yes but the take a back seat to the predominent live action parts.It is the story of Roger Waters so you got to feel for him a bit , it tells his story but why mix that with the music and inserted trippy cartoons .
 I rented this DVD last nite ... I have been a major Pink Floyd fan for several months now , and ever since listening to the wall , I had wanted to watch the film . I say film , because it would be wrong to call it a movie . There is no traditional dialouge , its more like i gigantic music video.I am torn as to whether or not I even like this film . I love the album , love the music , and love the lyrics , but this film destroyed what I had imagined the story looking like , and left me with a very odd feeling.At times I thought this film was wonderful , yet at the end of it I literally felt like I was gon na throw up in the bathroom . Certain images were spectacular , like the `` Another Brick In The Wall , pt .2 '' scene . `` Run Like Hell '' , however , was a bit too much for me to take , especially with the graphic depiction of a woman being raped by one of Pink 's footsoldiers after he beats up the woman 's boyfriend . This was not the only sexually explicit scene in the movie , for as any fan of the album knows , there is a whole section on dirty women ... lots of breasts in that scene , and not to mention the hardcore depiction of Pink 's cheating slut of a wife screwing her boyfriend.The best parts of the movie were the animated ones , and for the live segments , Bob Geldof is perfect for the role with his satanically-good looks during the `` In The Flesh '' sequences , but as a whole I would not recommend this movie to anyone , and if they do see it , they should be prepared to be disturbed .
 Do n't think of buying this DVD if you plan on viewing it on a computer DVD drive
 Beware of this product , I did n't have time to view it immediately on arrival , the disc causes my dvd player to shut off , it 's too late for me to return the item .
 An overhyped load of rubbish . A bad `` visualisation '' of the album and stage shows . Bob Geldoff is excellent as Pink . But this is the only good part about this film.It certianly makes the story easier to understand than it 's album and stage show predacessors . However it 's shoddily done and all the acting with the exception of Geldoff is hammier than a pig sty.Also several tracks are edited or just completely left out of the film . The keyboard solo from Run Like Hell is absent and Hey You is n't even used ! . I have a lot of respect for all three of the individuals responsible for this flick . But the love child of their often unfriendly affair is nothing more than an overhyped musical that tries to be as gruesome and cold as it possibly can.Stick with the studio album or even better the BRILLIANT Is There Anybody Out There ? live album .
 How many more bull#@%$ DVD 's do we need to see before you bring out the 2 live DVD 's ?? Come on already !! Talk about milking it for what it is worth !!
 I like some of Pink Floyd 's music and heard so many songs from the album that I finally decided to purchase and watch the video . Roger Waters was wise in sticking to music and not going into the movie making business.This is a bizarre and completely incoherent saga of a self-absorbed rock star tortured by his past and going insane with his present situation . You have to figure out for yourself what the plot is about , so bear with me while I attempt to interpret this thing.The main character , `` Pink Floyd 's '' father was killed on a battlefield and he grows up with an over protective mother who tries to shield him from pain by starting to build a wall which Floyd adds to later on in life . He attends a strict institutional school where a rigid schoolmaster ridicules his poetry in front of the class . Later , as an adult , his wife , who he completely ignores , has an affair . Floyd calls her when she is in bed with another guy and she hangs up on him , thus , another `` brick in the wall '' . Throughout the movie , Floyd obsesses over these things and exaggerates them in his mind . The school he attended becomes a factory where kids are transformed into faceless creatures and fed into a meat grinder . An erotic cartoon plays in his head where two flowers are copulating and the female flower devours the male flower and turns into a monster.Floyd 's present condition , a pampered , over-indulged rock star with screaming , demanding fans , groupies that throw themselves at him , and producers and promoters that leach off him drives him to insanity . The wall which he has built to shut everything out becomes his biggest nightmare.In a fit of rage , he trashes his hotel suite and terrifies a young groupie then passes out from either an overdose or a mental breakdown . His producers and promoters give him injections to revive him for the show which transform him into a psychopathic Hitler-type character with an army of skinheads for fans who try to take over the country . Thus we have cartoons of mass destruction and goose-stepping hammers.Finally , Floyd , after bouncing back and forth from past to present and reality to fantasy , becomes a faceless naked creature trapped inside his wall with beastly cartoon characters trying to break in . The wall blows up and the movie ends with children picking up the scraps.There are alot of tired , old anti-establishment themes from the late 60 's throughout the movie but nobody has a real solution for anything . It 's also hard to identify with a narcissistic , self-absorbed prima dona who drives himself nuts.In one scene , Floyd , as an adult , is curled up on his bed in a fetal position while asking his mother -LRB- in his mind -RRB- if `` They 're going to drop the bomb '' or if she thinks his girlfriend/wife is going to `` tear her little boy apart '' . I often felt like reaching into the screen to slap this guy and tell him to get over it.It 's hard to say if Bob Geldof , who plays `` Pink '' Floyd , is a good actor because he hardly says anything . Most of the time his character is staring into space or into a TV screen trying to blot everything out.The best part of the movie is the imaginitive but weird animation . This film displays the hedonistic narcissism of pop-rock culture . It is very confusing and somewhat nauseating .
 I normally dont write reviews ... but seeing the amount of reviews heaping praises on this absolutely languid film , i feel rather compelled to ensure that people are not mislead . Of course it is my personal opinion but i think it is required of me . My contentions are that the acting is tepid , the concert scenes look corny -LRB- run like hell -RRB- , and the pace is unnecessarily slow . There is no art here . . for example , the scene where the school kids rebels is done stark -LRB- yet unpowerful -RRB- with no subtlety and when there is symbolism it isnt very intelligent ... -LRB- children going through meat grinders ? -RRB- . i 'm giving two stars for the animation which is visually stunning and conveys a very powerful message to the viewer ... other than that ... give this a miss ... i wished i had a wall between myself and this movie !
 I was disappointed ... too much movie and not enough music . I doubt I will watch this much again like I do the Pulse DVD ... that one rocks !
 As others have said , instead of trying to sell us the same thing in a different cover , we 're much more likely to part with our money if you give us something we hav n't been able to see before.Many of the Wall live dates were filmed for a possible video release . Put this on a DVD and I will buy it . Re-release next year on HD-DVD and I 'll probably buy it again .
 Not what i expected , i was giving this as a gift , and they were not happy with it . I will defendtly return this item .
 Yes , I love the album The Wall . The movie is interesting to watch , a bit longwinded toward the middle but overall worth a couple hours of time . The extra features are as spectacular as promised - got ta be at least 4 hours of material on this disc.Unfortunately , no matter what sound configuration I used -LRB- including 5.1 -RRB- , the sound mix on my copy was atrocious . Either the volume had to be all the way up at 85 % to hear the dialogue , or 35 % to keep the neighbors from complaining about how loud the music was . For that reason alone , I would not spend money on this product - it 's definitely a rent before buy.I really wish I could give this more stars . The movie is fascinating and the music is superb . But , like other good movies that could have been great on DVD , The Wall is ruined if the audio track is messy , as mine was .
 The movie is great . The sound is great . So is the old one . Do n't bother buying this version . Note to the producers ; If you want us to spend our money , give us what we want . DVD versions of Pulse and Delicate sound of thunder . -LRB- In DTS -RRB- .
 As Don Quixote would say to Sancho , Scripture is unclear as to whether or not animals have souls . Dostoevsky claims there is a spark of God in every creature . I hope he is right . If so , their passing should be duly commemorated and Sir Woger of Norrington is just the man to do so . His stupendous performance of K 626 - a landmark recording - is a Requiem for the Dish-Lickers -LRB- as greyhounds are known colloquially here in Australia -RRB- . It is zanily fast , metaphysically challenged , shoddily played and bereft of stature ; other than that , there is much to cherish . And why scare off Malawi Prince , winner of the 1994 Warragul Cup , and his fellow woofers with a traditional performance?Just the other day I was wondering to myself if the Masonic March , K 477 , is the greatest thing that Mozart ever wrote . After all , it offers an unparalleled insight into that `` undiscover 'd country from whose bourne no traveller returns . '' I was duly punished for thinking these thoughts . Along came this recording in quick succession - and I mean quick . As if inspired by the dish-lickers himself , Woger sprints through it in 3 ' 45 '' with a five second delay at the start . It is a magisterial lesson in how to trivialise and miniaturise a masterpiece . The Cantus Firmus is almost unrecognizable at 1 ' 17 `` ff . In contrast , Kertesz in his classic recording takes 5 ' 48 '' . I almost reached for the flea-powder in response ... Recently I conveyed a meeting of the Australian Knappertsbusch Association by having a coffee with my mate JL -LRB- the latter also serves as the Chief Procurement Officer of this venerable institution -RRB- . We had a general chat about stuff . He ventured the opinion that one of the reasons why period practice got off the ground in the first place is because there were so many musicians being churned out by various institutions and most of them were not good enough to get a gig with a regular orchestra so why not start up a band of scratchers like the London Classical Players -LRB- sic -RRB- . I was taken aback by this suggestion but then I heard Sir Woger 's performance - for the lack of a better word - of the Tuba Mirum . Reader , it 's not the last word in orchestral polish ... . Indeed , here is an instance where Leopold Mozart 's Toy Symphony collides with K 626 and the former prevails
 Ghastly beyond belief , a travesty of everything sacred , so small-scale as to be unrecognisable , complete with whining strings , miniscule forces and a soprano who sound as if she has been plucked from serving burgers to be given her moment of glory , this squeeze-box Requiem will satisfy every listener who harbours a contempt for grandeur and a passion for Sir Woger 's bloodless way with Mozart.The choir is an agile little outfit which scurries through their semiquavers neatly as if embarrassed by any hint of dignity . The soloists are obliging in allowing themselves to be hustled through their music at a spanking jogtrot in the `` Tuba mirum '' heralded by some circus trumpets.I read slackjawed the encomia from previous reviewers and wonder what the world of classical music would sound like should Woger 's acolytes actually achieve what they think they have already gained - i.e. world domination - when in fact they still inhabit the preserve of a few wackos who perhaps sincerely believe that the music is supposed to , or should , sound like this.One reviewer informs us `` While the trumpets and timpani are taken out of the Confutatis , the movement does not lose it 's -LSB- sic -RSB- weightiness '' . I beg to differ . If you must have a HIP version try this ; it 's rather good : Mozart
 There must be 45 songs on these 2 CDs . The vast majority are obscure and unheard of . This was n't the `` greatest hits '' album I expected .
 Are you serious ? This has to be the stupidest Christmas song of all time . Listen to the lyrics . `` Last Christmas I gave you my heart , but you gave it away the very next day . '' What is that supposed to mean ? Meaningless drivel from a convicted pervert is n't the exactly appropriate to the season .
 I was pleasantly surprised to see a new Ladytron CD in the record store so I grabbed it and bought it . I was deceived . This is an album of songs which influenced Ladytron not a Ladytron album . I am so disappointed . There is one song by them on the album but that was available prior . Be sure to look at the song listings prior to jumping on this . If you like compilations , this may be your cup of tea . As for me , this will be seen in the used cd section shortly . -LRB-
 This is a dishappointing release from someone who can put out far , far better than this . The songs rely on the same old onelinedrawing formula but lack the honest , sincere charm that brought previous onelinedrawing releases to life . The only song that comes close to the classic onelinedrawing songs of old is `` Livin ' Small '' , all the other songs -LRB- with the exception of , perhaps , `` We Had A Deal '' -RRB- seem silly and cheap -LRB- I 'd say `` Oh Boys '' is a fine example of this -RRB- . . and where previous songs have excelled with silliness and a simple approach -LRB- `` Smile '' , anyone ? -RRB- ... these songs do not.Download this , but buy everything else Jonah has put out .
 First the popular singer sings , then Pavarotti sings . That 's a duet ? It did n't work for us . We watched three or four songs and gave it up . Maybe we 'll try again , some day .
 I looked forward to this CD but on listening found it very disappointing . I do n't think Pavarotti 's booming tenor blended at all well with any of the other artists , nor did his voice seem to lend itself to these types of songs . It did n't seem that LP could adjust his voice to be able to soften , to tone it down in order to blend . Every time he came in , it just felt to me to be bombastic after the other singer had been much more sensitive and in the pocket of the tune . Most of the duets were back-and-forth rather than harmonies but during those LP 's voice just drowned out the other 's . The whole thing just did n't work for me despite my positive expectations . Evidently I 'm the only negative review thus far and of course this is just my own personal opinion .
 This was not what I was looking for . I listed to a little online and thought it was what I wanted but I 'm disappointed .
 Not the best of UB40 quality -- overly synthesized and muddy sound from the live performance ruins some of their best political songs . After seeing them live twice , I was definitely disappointed .
 I 'm not a racist , but except `` He was n't man enough '' and `` Spanish Guitar '' , I can not listen to any of the other songs.They are really all the same between them . Just listen how the songs start . I find useful this CD only in the nights when I put it in the CD player in order to sleep . And it 's a pity because the song `` He was n't man enough '' is one of my favourites .
 If you love , really , really love Braxton this CD is a prized purchase . I 've always been a so-so fan of her music . Here lately she 's been coming off as the African American Celine Dion ... or is that Deborah Cox ? Anyway , I expect stars who carry hype with them to knock me off my feet whenever they release something new . Not so , this , ` The Heat ' . If this is heat , then it is most fortunate that most of us do not live in Antartica .
 I am a HUGE Toni Braxton fan and had very high expectations for this long overdue album . Man was I disappointed . Contrary to Amazon 's review of the album , I find it much too dance oriented and unmelodic . Secrets was a GORGEOUS album , whereas The Heat barely displays beauty . In addition , this album relies far too much on background vocals , by actually pushing them to the point they overpower Toni 's gorgeous voice . Spanish Guitar has so much promise , but is ultimately mired by backing vocals that do n't match the genre . They sound like they would be more at home on an Osmond Brothers album . Like Mariha Carey , I wish Toni would do a stripped down album with no vocal pyrotechnics or backup singers . Do n't waste your money . I give this two stars primarily for what I think are the two `` best '' tracks
 good steady soul . smooth and well sung . but nothing spectacular . her singles are quite nice but I did n't think that they were that great . In the end it seems like Toni gets a bit worse with each album which is disappointing
 Weeks before the album was released I put in my order with Amazon.com . I had liked Toni Braxton 's last album so much I thought this one would be great especially after I heard the song , '' . . Man Enough ... '' . Unfortunately , I found the album to be a hodge-podge of different musical styles with almost no memorable songs , and certainly none that I 'd want to hear over and over again .
 I am a HUGE Toni Braxton fan and had very high expectations for this long overdue album . Man was I disappointed . Contrary to Amazon 's review of the album , I find it much too dance oriented and unmelodic . Secrets was a GORGEOUS album , whereas The Heat barely displays beauty . In addition , this album relies far too much on background vocals , by actually pushing them to the point they overpower Toni 's gorgeous voice . Spanish Guitar has so much promise , but is ultimately mired by backing vocals that do n't match the genre . They sound like they would be more at home on an Osmond Brothers album . Like Mariha Carey , I wish Toni would do a stripped down album with no vocal pyrotechnics or backup singers . Do n't waste your money . I give this two stars primarily for what I think are the two `` best '' tracks
 This is a half-way decent album . It is not as good as her first two but it does have its decent moments . I give Toni Braxton credit for being able to project more powerful and genuine emotion than most of her contemporary R&B counterparts . She is able to paint really beautiful yet tragic and moving pictures with her voice . She is also one of the sexiest vocalist that I have ever heard . The only problem is that her style can become tiresome when not supported by good material . The first three songs on this cd are pretty good . I especially like the title track . Songs do n't get much sexier or classier than ` Heat ' . ` Just be a man about it ' is also a pretty good track and is the one that is probably most familiar to those who do n't already own this cd . The other song that really stands out to me on this cd is ` Fairy Tale ' . I do n't think that I have ever heard a better example of romantic tragedy that is anywhere near this beautiful . True it has Babyface 's pronounced and highly visible signature all over it , and I do n't think that his composition/production style is generally much more than routine by-the-numbers R&B much of the time , but the union between he and Ms. Braxton works wonderfully on this track . Do n't get me wrong , Babyface has some written some great songs especially for other artists . I think that the `` Waiting to Exhale '' soundtrack and `` Secrets '' which he heavily guided are both really strong works and ` Love makes things happen ' and ` Roni ' for example are two of the MANY great slow jams that he was responsible for in the late 80 's and early 90 's , it 's just that whenever I hear much of his work from beyond that period especially , I ca n't help but feel like I 'm being hit with some totally predictable , routine , formulaic product . But , the bulk of the album is at least pleasant for the most part . The material here is not exactly stellar , but Toni injects so much genuine emotion into it , that giving it a few spins could prove to be worth your time .
 After waiting almost four years after the dynamite Secrets CD this was what we got . I am dissapointed with Toni 's new CD . I was yearning for the awesoe bass hooks that were present on her debut and Secret albums . Unfortunately none of it was present . I knew that this album was going to be different from those two but what a boring new sound . The Heat is rather hookless , moody , slow and monotonous . There is nothing innovative , Nothing ! Just watered down hookless elevator R&B that would have been OK as B-Sides . What happened to the spark of Secret or her debut album.I really wanted to like this CD considering how great her previous two were but unfortunately while I did not expect this album to be as good as the others , The Heat fell far short of what I had expected . I , m sorry but I ca n't help but feel let down by this CD.On a positive note You , ve been wrong is nice , so is Just Be A Man About It.Go ahead and get this album but I would to say though is that for those who loved Secrets and her debut you might be in for a dissapointment . I do pop this CD into my CD player once in a while .
 I was an avid Braxton fan and could n't wait for her to come back and sing again . I found this CD rather disappointing , and repetitive . There 's potential club music here , and some interesting chances that she 's taken , but not the Toni Braxton who sang `` Unbreak My Heart . '' The same beat -LRB- or so it seems -RRB- goes from song to song . Some lyrics are garbled , not like her crystal clarity of before . Maybe it 's just me , but I was not too thrilled with this new CD .
 Sounding like a somewhat less overwrought Whitney or Celine , Toni Braxton delivers a mildly-interesting 48 minutes of silky pop-funk . The almost-relentless mid-tempo groove , however , soon turns to plodding , and the weak lyrics quickly grate . Only Braxton 's vocal performance and the seductive production work move it up a star . Never settle for mediocrity .
 When Toni Braxton First came out it Looked Like She was Gon na Be a Force.Problem on the First Album is The same with this one & The 2nd disc.Too Much Formula.A Couple Good Uptempo Songs & The Rest is Sappy.Her Music does n't go with her Image.it Should n't take 4 years for this.Dark Child Rodney Jerkins does Her Justice on He Was n't Man Enough .
 The overall concept behind `` The Heat , '' Toni Braxton 's third album , can be found in the album 's first ten seconds . After a four-year absence from recording , the first word out of Toni 's mouth is `` Darkchild , '' nickname for trendy producer-of-the-moment Rodney Jerkins . True , her own name is said directly after , but the message is clear
 Toni Braxton has her own special brand of schlock R&B , not that it 's good , mind you , but it does sound a little different from the undifferentiated legions of wan na be divas out there . It 's sort of like slowed down fast music , with crackley vocals . The Spanish guitar in ` Spanish Guitar ' was good , although the song is marred by the presence of , well , Toni Braxton .
 This album is a complete , total , utter waste of money . AND a disgrace to a singer and the RnB industry and a disgrace to her lable company !! She doesn &#65533; t open up her mouth and SING ! She mumbles her way through 90 % of all the songs ! There are weird beats for example , the beat of gim me some -LSB- 5 -RSB- is uncatchable . No clear beat to it &#65533; you can not predict it and if you felt like singing along &#65533; . it is amazingly hard . A beat here there , half beats , full beats &#65533; . really , there is no pattern . The two sensible songs are &#65533; he wasn &#65533; t man enough &#65533; and &#65533; just be a man about it &#65533; . Although in &#65533; he wasn &#65533; t man enough &#65533; she still mumbles ! If she only opens her mouth maybe she would gain 2 stars ! Toni has an amazing voice-3 octaves . That is a lot of voice to use . But this album is centred around the lower half of the voice range . The rest of her voice is used for screeching in the background ! The songs are also pretty much sound the same , you can &#65533; t tell one from another &#65533; the same mumble , mumble , screech , screech ! There really isn &#65533; t any sense in buying this album ! Even Ashanti can sing better . And , for her recent album -LSB- more than a woman -RSB- &#65533; the title suggests for me , a disturbing thought ! ;-RRB- Really , she should open up her mouth and use that voice . Also , she doesn &#65533; t thank anyone and openly admits she is dropping names &#65533; e.g. she says she is dropping names like Whitney Houston ! A diva like that , a platinum artist being dropped by someone who mumbles ! Now I have seen everything &#65533; although Eminem winning an Oscar was hilarious ! And she doesn &#65533; t thank the being that makes all things possible &#65533; God !! She dropped God &#65533; s name !! What a lowly woman &#65533; nobody can get lower than that ! That is just pathetic ! Her previous albums are amazing but these two albums -LSB- The heat and more than a woman -RSB- are clearly showing that this lady needs help in opening her mouth ! I wish there was an option of no stars ! People a better album is &#65533; Avril Lavigne &#65533; Let Go &#65533; . Or you could even go out and buy a amazing album called &#65533; Survivor &#65533; by Destiny &#65533; s Child or try out &#65533; The Writings On the Wall &#65533; or the 10x platinum &#65533; Songs in A Minor &#65533; &#65533; . this album , the Heat &#65533; is like air , it goes through one ear and out the other &#65533; not fire , it ain &#65533; t hot &#65533; it is less than cold !! Don &#65533; t buy it if you want to treasure good music ! Waste of time . Thanx 4 reading -LSB- if you did ;-RRB- -RSB-
 Toni Braxtons latest effort `` The Heat '' is her weakest album to date.The only standout song is the first single `` He Was n't Man Enough '' which I think is still a weak song to say the least , from earlier efforts.The rest of the songs are just a mish mash of R & B `` I have heard this before '' ballads , and mid-tempo songs that have no standout potential.Always Braxton is in fine vocal form , but whatever she does she ca n't turn this piece of coal into a diamond.Unfortunately I think because she lent a writing hand to 75 % of this CD , and in my own opinion I do n't think Braxton is a songwriter.She should do like Janet Jackson does and have Terry Lewis & Jimmy Jam do their job , and if the artist has some input then fine.Braxton is a singer , and what a beautiful voice she has , but she is not a songwriter which drops this album to just a average run of the mill piece of dribble.A disappointment .
 I loved Secrets , and her debut album had Breathe Again , and Seven Whole Days , and I know times change , but except for '' He Was n't man Enough '' , which i do n't really like -LRB- but it is Toni Braxton . . have you seen the video ... AnEway -RRB- the other songs are below sub-par , she seems to try and appease everyone ... with pop , R&B , and even a pathetic attempt at some raps . . Puhhleez ! and that Spanish Guitar Song ... . worst lyrics ever ! I am sorry this was a bad Buy !
 The heat is by far not one of Toni Braxton 's best album 's . I loved Secrets , it is in my CD player 24/7 . The Heat just does not compare . It does not have the same heart-felt lyrics as Secrets does . Although , I do love the song `` Spanish Guitar . '' It is such a sexy song . I hope that her next album is not such a disapointment .
 I love Toni Braxton and I was really looking forward for this album , but to me is not like the previous ones . Some of the songs are good , but I expected more .
 I was almost disappointed in the verbal content of the album -LRB- especially `` Speaking In Tongues '' which I found to be blasphemous to those who really comprehend what `` Speaking in Tongues is -RRB- , and counted it as a bad investment until I heard `` Spanish Guitar '' . Being more of a jazz aficionado , it 's Toni 's sultry voice that appeals to me most . Again , the verbal content is a bit for the younger , single audience but I think `` Spanish Guitar '' will appeal to the more mature audience . I hope it 's made into a single !
 `` The Heat '' was a BIG dissapointment to me ! The material , as well as the vocals , could not even come close to that of her last CD , `` Secrets '' . I have been a Toni Braxton fan since day one , but somewhere along the way , we lost Toni ! It seems to me that she spends so much time trying to be so GRAND & a whole bunch of other things that she 's not , that the Toni we all loved is GONE ! I do n't even enjoy her stage performances anymore . She just seems so fake & phony . You'all should have left a good thing the way it was . LaFace , I suggest you spend more time promoting CD 's that are worth a person 's hard earned money ! A perfect example is `` Shanice '' , her last CD was awesome ! And well worth every penny ! As far as `` The Heat '' , I want my money back !
 Toni Braxton has always had one of the more distinctively fine voices in pop/R & B circles -- it 's always been a matter of finding just the right material for her to wrap it around . Unfortunately , the majority of the songs found on THE HEAT do not fit into the category of `` the right material '' . Though a master balladeer , Braxton came loaded to bear with no doubt the worst batch of slow jams she 's foisted on us yet . It 's totally unfortunate that she scored so big with the now unlistenable ` Un-Break My Heart ' from her last album because she 's called on uber-hack Diane Warren not only for an even more inferior retread of that song -LRB- ` Spanish Guitar ' -RRB- , but also included another Warren weepie , ` I 'm Still Breathing ' , that makes one wish they were n't after hearing the typically insipid lyrics . The rest of the ballads fall along those same lines , with the only standout being ` Just Be A Man About It ' . Conversely , the uptempo fare here is like an oasis in a creatively dry desert -- ` He Was n't Man Enough ' and ` Gim me Some ' show that Braxton can at least hold her own with the likes of Rodney Jerkins and sound completely within her element doing so . But three great tracks do hardly a good album make -- this is simply a subpar effort from someone capable of far more .
 It sounds like Toni is trying to be something she is n't - too hip hop - not very original - seems to be taking the same course as Whitney Houston - predictable - boring and trying to be hip - bring the old Toni back -LRB- without the whinning love songs ! -RRB-
 i do n't know about you , but when i heard `` he was n't man enough for me '' i thought the rest of the album would be just as good if not better , and that at list there will be some tracks which will be `` single honored '' , but ... I WAS WRONG ! the album ... , and exepct from 3 songs , which are a bit upbeat and fast paced , the rest is mostly ballads , boring ones , and non of them seem to be as a single ... unless you love this kind of music , or you are a toni fan , do n't buy this album . instead , by survivor by destiny 's child ! -LRB- a great album !!!!! -RRB-
 Toni Braxton 's 3rd album , `` The Heat '' marks her comeback from bankruptcy . I somehow fail to understand how she sold millions of albums in the early to mid-90s and still manage to go broke . Nonetheless , `` The Heat '' simmers as early as it starts . Toni claims more control here than her previous efforts , but you ca n't help but wonder something 's missing.I vividly recall falling in love with Toni Braxton in 1993 when she released her debut album . To this day , I consider it to be timeless , unforgettable and soulful . It was the perfect marriage between singer and producer , between Toni , L.A. and Babyface . Her 2nd album was a decent follow-up , but failed to live up to the standards set by her debut . `` The Heat '' 's only hit single is `` He Was n't Man Enough '' -LRB- produced by Rodney Jerkins a.k.a. `` Darkchild '' -RRB- . The production creates the groove ... strictly a club banger , but the lyrics do not really capture Toni 's vocal chops . Other than that , the rest of the album seems to drag.Regardless , Toni Braxton remains one of the greatest female R&B singers of our time , but `` The Heat '' simply misses the mark .
 Was this album a dissapointment !! I love Toni Braxton 's voice and I especially liked her first album and the second one -LRB- although not as much as the first one -RRB- but this one is a bore . The only good songs are
 This album is disappointing !!! ... Overall , there were a few good songs such as the title track `` The Heat . '' However songs such as `` Spanish Guitar '' -LRB- a repetition of `` Unbreak My Heart '' -RRB- and `` Just Be A Man About It '' are what contribute to my bad review . Overall , this album was mediocre and full of bad vocals !
 i think this album only goes to show that the days of babyface producin are over , the songs on this album are verry weak u only have to compare the ballads to the ballads on her first album to agree ... he wasnt man enough by jerkins bein the sole excellent exception . . and plz soemone must stop diane warren from writin soem of the worst lyrics ever .
 I never thought that i would say this but this album is boring . the best track is the first one produced by Rodney Jenkins . The rest of it sounds like it was put together in a hurry . I 'm sorry Toni but i would have expected a better comeback album .
 Sadly for Miss Braxton THE HEAT was the record that aimed her career downhill , after four years in hiatus , Braxton returned with the weakess album she has crafted , although the collection includes the perfectly done HE WAS N'T MAN ENOUGH FOR ME , her most top 40 track , the rest of the album is pure filler , MAYBE is average R&B track that had to be remixed even for Urban Outlets , SPANISH GUITAR is UN-BREAK MY HEART pt . II , that does not hold the brilliant masterpiece that the later was , JUST BE A MAN ABOUT IT , feat . Dr Dre , where ? , he only speak in the beginning less than a second , maybe in the video , this is Toni 's weakest released singles , a bad joint . GIM ME SOME , this is one of the worst songs ever done , THE HEAT the main title track , dough , is extremely absurd and boring , the HEAT failed to achieve any other successful track beside HE WAS N'T MAN ENOUGH , and coming from selling 8 million for each previous album she recorded , to sell only 2 million with THE HEAT , is a huge drop , with good reason this was the RECORD that ruin and ended her succesful career , so sad cos SECRETS is the perfect sugestive album , a masterpiece . Skip this .
 As a huge fan of Toni 's I feel this was way below the level of her achievements . I was not impressed with her singing , if one wishes to call it that -LRB- on this CD -RRB- . The only two songs I felt were semi-good was `` Just be a man about it '' and `` He was n't man enough . '' This CD is in my collection but was a waste of money and is never listened to , hopefully her newest CD is much better .
 Luckily , I did n't buy this album , I was forced to hear it while my guy was playing it in his car . In my opinion , Toni Braxton has n't been dope since her very first album . After that point , she started to slowly fall into a Celine Dion-esque rut of having a great voice but wasting it on sappy C-level written ballads . This album , The Heat , was the dumps.Most of this album contains jams that you 'll listen to one day but will forget about in a year or two -LRB- do you know anyone still playing `` He Was n't Man Enough '' -RRB- ? Also , the songwriting is less than stellar . In one hand she wants to be played like a `` Spanish Guitar '' , whatever that means . Then she tries to redeems herself with the provocative title track , but falls when she ends the song asking , `` Anyone want some ice cream ? '' Toni 's lyrics has always been a little corny -LRB- remember `` Un-break My Heart '' from Secrets -RRB- , but on this album she 's at her worst.But with most bad albums , there 's always two songs that save the day . This time , those songs are `` Just Be a Man About It '' -LRB- featuring Dr. Dre , but he 's only speaking , so that should n't count as a guest appearance , but a good marketing scheme , though -RRB- and `` You 've Been Wrong '' . But if you bought this album thinking it was her best work , you 've been wrong . For vintage Toni Braxton , get her first album and maybe even Secrets , because this album needs to be re-Heated .
 When I originally started buying Toni Braxton 's music , it was because I was a fan of her alluring voice and her vocal gymnastics . `` Heat '' the CD photos , and the musical package , left me wondering , `` Where 's Toni ? '' `` Heat '' delivers ... hot air ! Toni 's unique sensuality is lost in all of the breathy ... although she is `` Still Breathing '' ... and disingenuous moaning , corny dialogue and props to producers ... when will this trend end ? Certainly , by looking at the CD portraits , one would acknowledge that sex sells . However , all the fake hair , and air brushing in LA , does not add life to this `` been there ; done that '' collection of lullabies.I know , I know , SEX SELLS ; but it also kills ! I can hardly discern the school-girl lyrics , since Toni 's enunciation and phrasing are lost in her attempts to seduce.Shucks ! I wanted to be excited for Toni 's long awaited come-back . I knew there had to be something unique and outstanding about this project . So I kept looking until I read the CD 's liner notes . Her `` Thank you 's '' were undoubtedly the highlight `` performance '' of this CD .
 Toni Braxton emerged with her first CD , Toni Braxton , in the early 90 's . Her deep , throbbing voice immediately set her apart and with production and collaboration from babyface the album became a smash . With her second CD , secrets , Toni officially became a diva . The jazz influenced , calm vibe of the CD allowed braxton 's voice to shine . It &#65533; s only in hindsight that what Braxton did with secrets seems so incredible . On just her second CD she transformed from a young star into a sexy woman , something infinitely more popular and talented divas , -LRB- Whitney , Mariah -RRB- could n't do as quickly or successfully . However , in 1997 , Ms. Braxton went bankrupt . The heat is her first album since secrets and was perceived as a comeback . However , on this album , all the quite , sexy intrigue of secrets has been replaced by sleaze . Ms. Braxton , perhaps because of her 4 year absence from pop music , seems content to join the legions of finger - waving destiny 's child wannna - be 's . The album opens with He was n't man enough for me . With no crap lyrics and catchy , keyboard sounding background music , the song sounds like many other songs that Rodney Jenkins has produced or written . However , it is interesting seeing Toni wrap her voice around the song and adopt the feisty attitude of the lyrics . She sounds nothing like beyonce , which is refreshing , but then again she definitely does n't sound better . The song does n't give toni 's voice enough room to belt , and by the end of the song she sounds lost . The heat is a sad attempt at a sexy song and sounds limp compared to past Toni hits like your making me high . Toni &#65533; s voice sounds static and the beat sounds sedate . On just be a man about it , backed by a calm , slow undigitized beat Toni plays the betrayed girlfriend . Her voice throbs with hurt and attitude amidst pointless spoken interludes by , of all people , Dr. Dre . However , Toni &#65533; s unconfined vocals make this by far the best song on the album . However , Toni quickly gets lost again . On gim me some , Toni again finds herself backed by generic jenkinsesque music -LRB- although the songs is not actually produced by Jenkins -RRB- and when on the second verse Toni whispers &#65533; say my name say my name &#65533; its clear who she &#65533; s imitating . The beat again cripples Toni , and she doesn &#65533; t have room to belt or moan sensually , the two things she &#65533; s best at . Even a sexy and fun rap by left eye can &#65533; t save the song . However , the biggest disappointment here is the ballads , and there &#65533; s plenty of them . On secrets , Toni ripped roared through babyface and Diane warren ballads with true grit and power , turning the stripped down , calm music into something special with her voice . However , here Toni sounds scared or simply unable to make her voice shine and the ballads , again by Diane warren and babyface , end up sounding like the generic pieces of fluff that they really are . Spanish guitar , I &#65533; m still breathing and speaking in tongues end up sounding boring and inexcusably similar . The art of love is a sensual piece of nothing . The song has no singing in it and the only vocals is Toni moaning . She also had a song like this on secrets . Its hard to criticize or praise the song since there &#65533; s little musical about it , especially here , since Toni sounds so uninspired . By the end , Toni seems to have given up , and she can &#65533; t summon even an ounce of attitude or vocal prowess for the last three songs , maybe , you &#65533; ve been wrong and never just for a ring . These songs aren &#65533; t fast enough to be called uptempo songs , but aren &#65533; t slow enough to be called ballads . In the end , on this album Toni sounds scared because of her absence instead of excited by her comeback . So yes Toni is back , but its not quite as exciting as it seemed .
 I have been waiting for Toni to come back with a new album , because her last album '' Secrets '' was the best album of 1996 . But when I bought this cd today I was so upset because this album had only 3 slow songs , and all the rest of the songs were fast and had no meaning . The slow songs on this album make Toni 's voice sound flat and bad , and the fast ones . . well , there is to much beat you ca n't even hear Toni sing . I miss the old Toni Braxton ... what happend to her , it seems like Toni wanted to get popular with teenagers on this album bringing in Dr.Dre and Lisa from Tlc . . to rap ! Please toni RAP music is not your thing , you have always been popular with adult 's . . but now you have let them down ... Toni I wish you luck . . but this album was your worst . . take some voice training and focus on your ballads ... Ballads are what made you !
 This is probably the worst pop music CD I 've ever heard so far . Perhaps my exposure to such weird music genre is not enough or perhaps I just prefer the refreshing Classical music more ... Firstly , the singer 's voice is so loooooowwww , to me , it spoils the overall appeal of the CD . I was expecting a much higher-pitched voice , think i 'm more used to it.Secondly , the music is absolutely monotonous and has a dull melody line . All I could hear was the same old few notes being sung over and over again and the range of notes was never well explored . I suppose it 's more suited for being a lullaby ... Also , the lyrics ca n't be deciphered , there 's not enough publicity , the singer lacks the sweet looks of Britney . The CD seems to give me a devillish feeling.I sincerely apologise if I was too critical and harsh . However , this review is just to let u pple know there 's someone out there who does n't really go for such stuff ... . Sorryyyy !
 SHE IS N'T A GOOD VOCALIST , THIS CD IS A WASTE OF MONEY , BUY INTO SOMEONE GOOD . I 'D RATHER BUY COUNTRY WESTERN MUSIC .
 Toni Braxton 's first single from this release was great . `` He Was n't Man Enough '' was hot . A dancable beat and creative theme . Not often do you hear the ex-girlfriend warning you about the dog you 're currently dating . `` Spanish Guitar '' is pure seduction . `` Be a Man about It . '' Could have used more rhythm but what this song really needs is to get rid of the guy who 's talking through out the entire song . With the exception of `` Still Breathing '' the rest of the CD was n't worth a second listen and in parts made the first listen difficult . Her upbeats songs were so watered down that they were hard to distinguish fram the ballads . And she lacks the vocal impact of her first album . Even her heart felt ballads sound more whinny than passionate . My advise , pass on THE HEAT and just wait for the songs to come on the radio .
 the amazing beauty and the deep , throaty delivery made her a huge success in the early stages of her illustrious career but like many of the bigger divas -LRB- Whitney , Mariah ... -RRB- she took to much time off and did n't put anything new into her style , and basically the record was n't up to the average high standards that you would expect from a clive davis recrut.pros - she still shines on her ever popular ballads , though this time around she does n't have that many that stand out . the best being `` still breathin '' leads the small pack that is only followed by `` spanish guitar '' , `` you 've been wrong '' , `` just be a man about it '' & `` speaking in tongues '' which are the only hot tracks to be found on this album.cons - the repitive first single `` he was n't man enuff '' shows that at 32 years old she has yet to mature . horrible dance tracks like `` the heat '' , `` maybe '' & `` gimmie some '' are found on this record , but its the atrocius ballads that are the real shocker . the songs `` fairy tales '' and the instrumental `` art of love should have been done without , as `` never just for a ring '' which is so completly pointless.she has lost her touch and she still insists on putting out tracks that do n't showcase her best talents which is her silky smooth voice on a moving ballad . until toni realizes her strengths and defeats her weakness , shes going to be just mediocre and never stand out in a crowd of artists .
 I think this album is the bomb . Nobody can sing like Toni Braxton . I think her coming back out of bankrucy and starting with a new cd is more than i can stand . IF any one has some thing to say about my sister i would have to beat them down . NO this this is not Toni 's sister ths is her # 1 fan
 There is no surprise for this new album ! The slow ballads are not as good as before ! I think she is better to sing something slower ! Where have those songs like Un-break my heart gone !
 i think this album only goes to show that the days of babyface producin are over , the songs on this album are verry weak u only have to compare the ballads to the ballads on her first album to agree ... he wasnt man enough by jerkins bein the sole excellent exception . . and plz soemone must stop diane warren from writin soem of the worst lyrics ever .
 It 's hard to believe but this recording is even worse than his only slightly better than his recording with Giulini from three decades ago!The Giulini came out almost simultaneously with Hoelscher 's recording with Tennstedt conducting . The difference between the two interpretations could not possibly be more glaring . The balance between soloist and conductor is ideal in with Tennstedt and completely awry in the Giulini . It sounds as if a mike was stuffed inside Perlmans fiddle ! Perlman uses the concerto to merely show off his technique -LRB- which is n't that good in the first place -RRB- ... a totally brainless performance with no intellectual destination in mind . The Hoelscher recording is a complete revelation with many musical details present for the first time -LRB- like the ff trombone note just before the first recap of the rondo theme in the last movement -RRB- . Easily one of the half dozen great recordings of this greatest of the late 19th century violin concertos.This recording is the most pathetic excuse for an interpretation ever . Barenboim is often a perceptive , albeit , boring conductor . Perlman views music as no more than fancy clothes you put on to impress the ignorant and , for the most part , that 's who like him.Bottom line ... Perlman is at best a mediocre performer and interpreter and I only keep some of his recordings in order to demonstrate this fact.He may be great at playing short flashy encore pieces , but , believe me , his recordings of serious works are completely worthless .
 WHEN ARE WE EVER GOING TO HEAR THE BEAUTY OF THE HUMAN VOICE ? PLEASE , Listen to the Coloraturas of the Golden Age . This young lady 's singing is muddled , hooty , there is no center to the tone and the articulation is muffled . Absolutely no brilliance to the voice . These singers , and even moreso their teachers , should listen to Nezhdanova , Muzio and more . Alas , it is too late - the Golden Age of Singing will not return as long as the correct frequency of the human voice is not developed . 1 Star for the conductor
 Gee , the CD seemed fine . My favorites are here . `` Everything She Wants '' -LRB- original -RRB- , `` Freedom '' , `` Young Guns -LRB- Go For It -RRB- '' , `` Where Did Your Heart Go ? '' , `` Careless Whisper '' ... hey , wait a second ... `` Careless Whisper '' ai n't on here . The ultimate George Michael/Wham ! ballad and this is supposed to be a greatest hits album and that song missed ? `` A Different Corner '' also ? Because of stupid remixes of `` I 'm Your Man '' & `` Everything She Wants '' ? Huh , I rather listen to ANDREW RIDGELEY 's solo album than those remixes . Really ! Psyche !
 How can a group that only had three albums and not even a dozen hits leave Careless Whisper and A Different Corner off any compilation . I understand that they were released as George Michael singles in their original form but is n't Wham ! basically a George Michael showcase anyway . Has anyone purchased any Andrew Ridgely records lately . He was a nice harmony singer & collaborator on a few credits . -LRB- including oddly enough `` Careless Whisper . '' -RRB- The other best of , `` Final '' does n't provide anything that you ca n't get on Wham ! studio albums , but at least it has Wham 's best . This one gives you two useless remixes to entice completests , but it 's really just a waste of time & money .
 I happened upon this amazing collection of lo-fi , rambling , self-obsessed navel-gazing , pseudo-prose because I happen to like Vic Chesnutt and the amazingly perceptive computer at amazon thought I might like Smog.First of all , lets talk about Vic Chesnutt . He has an `` incomplete '' spinal cord injury which means he has partial use of his hands . He uses a wheelchair and glues a pick to a glove so he can strum his guitar . From what I understand , he may also be an alcoholic and has frequent bouts of depression . Despite all that , it is an insult to the beautifully crafted songs that he has created to compare Billy Callahan 's -LRB- Smog -RRB- hack approach with the effort and artistry that has come out of Vic Chesnutt in the past ten years or so . I had kind of drifted away from his music when he happened to come to the part of the country that I live in - he was opening for Wilco - and the effort he put in to convey his -LRB- somewhat depressing and twisted -RRB- music was clearly evident in everything - the carefully crafted lyrics , the passion in his voice , and the simple acoustic guitar music . -LRB- Wilco , on the other hand , tried a bit too hard and the crowd started calling for the `` little parapalegic '' to come back out part way through the show . -RRB- To round out the point , Smog reminds me of a lot of my friends -LRB- and maybe myself -RRB- , in college , at parties , after drinking too much and smoking some dope , trying to impress some girl with just how artistic , tortured and alternative they were : '' ... look , I 'm so different I sing with my head on the edge of the couch and mumble so you ca n't hear me , my words do n't make sense , and I 'm just picking the guitar chords with my thumb `` It was fun . It got us dates ... with dumb girls who did n't know crap from something that someone has actually worked on . We did n't get record deals . We did n't get our albums sold on Amazon . We did n't try , we eventually grew up , and developed a bit of respect for the art of music . Billy Callahan/Smog should too.Luke
 This is a recording of very poor sound . It is frankly bad and I would not recommend it to anydevotee of Callas ' voice .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Her voice , tone etc. is exactly the same everywhere , in all records . It 's impossible to tell if the underlying extract of the opera -LRB- i.e. the story -RRB- was supposed to be joyful , sad , pathetic , light , dramatic , with anger etc. . Her style is uniform
 Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg was featured on 60 Minutes as the untrammeled artist who could n't be stopped , the underdog who swooned and swayed onstage , lost in her expressive rapture . That 's what her fans expect , and she more or less lives up to the image here . This is very wayward playing , in which the soloist bends over backwards to keep the spotlight on herself . As a result of ignoring the composer , the score is pulled around like taffy.Perhaps this is the new romanticism , and I would be thrilled if NSS 's ideas were fascinating . But on the whole she swoops and exaggerates for no other purpose than ego display . There are breathless pauses and sudden leaps of excitement that make no sense . Tilson Thomas plays along by forgetting the tempo and waiting for his soloist to get through her next stunt.It 's funny , because I am all in favor of NSS 's shtick about artistic freedom , but this junky Sibelius concerto is her personal trip , pure and simple .
 This is a dishappointing release from someone who can put out far , far better than this . The songs rely on the same old onelinedrawing formula but lack the honest , sincere charm that brought previous onelinedrawing releases to life . The only song that comes close to the classic onelinedrawing songs of old is `` Livin ' Small '' , all the other songs -LRB- with the exception of , perhaps , `` We Had A Deal '' -RRB- seem silly and cheap -LRB- I 'd say `` Oh Boys '' is a fine example of this -RRB- . . and where previous songs have excelled with silliness and a simple approach -LRB- `` Smile '' , anyone ? -RRB- ... these songs do not.Download this , but buy everything else Jonah has put out .
 I love Ron Dante and this music , but I 'm having a tough time justifying the price -LRB- it 's even gone up since I first saw this listed on Amazon ! -RRB- for a recordable CD-R ! I 've read in numerous trade publications how the data/information stored on recordable CDs has no where near the life of the data pressed/imprinted on a `` silver '' Compact Disc . Why on earth does this cost this much when I can buy a CD-R for less than a dime ! This seems excessive even accounting for the artist to make money on his recorded work ! As a -LRB- former ;--RRB- musician myself I do understand what is fair compensation , but this seems excessive for a temporary recording that may or may not come with artwork and a jewel case !
 I ordered this disc because I particularly wanted the Havanaise number . I was sent a disc that had 2 Paganini violin concertos on it and no Havanaise and was not by violinist Sarah Chang . When I questioned this , they could not find my Amazon order number ; said I had given them a wrong order number -LRB- which I had not -RRB- . In the end , they gave me a complete refund , and did not ask for their mistake back . So that part ended well , but I still do not have the piece of music I wanted ... so I will need to pursue another merchant .
 I think the first compilation -LRB- Decade Of ... -RRB- was better overall , despite the unnecessary extra language versions -LRB- three for Dumoutier ! -RRB- . Where is `` Live on T.V. '' , `` To What We Shall Believe '' and , a minor but personal fave , `` I 'm Back '' ? The `` Decade '' comp . was n't that satisfactory either -LRB- containing both `` Just For Laughs '' and the equally leaden French version `` Juste Pour Rire '' -RRB- but at least it had `` Live ... '' , one of the most evocative Box songs ever . Check out your local used cd place for the twofer `` The Box/All The Time , All The Time , All The Time '' cd ; if not -LRB- it 's pretty rare -RRB- , Box tapes are not uncommon . In my opinion , `` All The Time ... '' is a classic -LRB- All Music Guide gives it 4.5 / 5 -RRB- and worth the extra expense .
 The songs sounded better in my memory than the actual tracks on this album . I do n't have the `` original '' recordings , so I 'm not in a position to comment on those , but this compilation sounds like they hooked up a mic in front of a home hi-fi system to record it . The production values and sound levels are poor . Oh , and the first -LRB- or zeroeth -RRB- track would n't play on either my car player and was n't detected at all by WMP . You would think that the producers would have taken advantage of the opportunity to polish things up a bit before releasing this dog ...
 This is a recording of very poor sound . It is frankly bad and I would not recommend it to anydevotee of Callas ' voice .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Her voice , tone etc. is exactly the same everywhere , in all records . It 's impossible to tell if the underlying extract of the opera -LRB- i.e. the story -RRB- was supposed to be joyful , sad , pathetic , light , dramatic , with anger etc. . Her style is uniform
 If you like disco beats and goofy lyrics sung by an even goofier singer , then you 'll love this cd . Otherwise , you should check out ` The illustrated band ' , which is the same band , plus some , but Page is obviously not driving the bus , and that 's a very good thing . The grooves on ` Vida Blue ' are weak and do n't even begin to demonstrate the monstrous talent of Otiel Burbridge and Russell Batiste , and even Page for that matter.Overall it 's not terrible , but it is very dissapointing . A waste of talent indeed , and a waste of money for me .
 I listened to Phish for years , often digging Page McConnell 's chops during live shows . The past ten years have soured me on Phish 's songwriting abilities , however , since the band seemed -LRB- in the past tense -- they 've mercifully broken up now -RRB- wholly unable to write songs that actually meant anything . I 'm not sure if it was the drugs , emotionally stunted childhoods , or just a collective inability to get sad or pissed off about anything , but Phish 's music remains a beacon of emotionless twaddle , a geeky escape for teenagers seeking refuge from the harsh realities of the world , and a drug-enhanced excercise in style over substance . But then again , there 's obviously still a market for this music.With `` Vida Blue , '' I was truly hoping Page McConnell would put aside his inner child and write some funky , meaningful tunes . The band on this CD -- bassist Oteil Burbridge and ex-Meters drummer Joseph `` Zigaboo '' Modeliste -- form a backup band that James Brown in his heyday would 've been proud to front . The funky beats of Modeliste -LRB- and not ` Russell Batiste , ' as it says on this site -RRB- alone could funkify even the whitest person 's outlook on life , so I was hoping McConnell would take advantage of such a stellar supporting cast.Alas , he did n't . The result is more silly , emotionless twaddle that Oteil and Zigaboo must held their noses to play with any degree of seriousness . Listening to this CD , for me , was like listening to Brittany Spears sing and dance to the John Coltrane Trio . It 's that bad.McConnell is so totally outclassed writing-wise , singing-wise , and playing-wise , I wonder why he even bothered recording any of the tunes on this CD . Others may disagree , but I found this music silly , lifeless , and insultingly stupid.Also , McConnell called this group `` Vida Blue , '' which , in my opinion , is a completely non-sensical name . The real Vida Blue was an all-star baseball pitcher who played from 1969-1986 for the A 's , Royals , and Giants . Why not just call the group `` Roger Clemens '' or `` Lance Armstrong '' ? How about `` Karl Malone , '' or even `` Brett Favre '' ? Naming the group `` Vida Blue '' for no apparent reason other than McConnell 's geeky pleasure is just wack . I can think of about fifty names off the top of my head that would 've been more creative and suitable than `` Vida Blue . '' Give me a break.As much as I wanted to dig this CD , I thought it was a silly , wasted effort .
 I ca n't believe I got this as a gift . I 'm certainly not going to keep it . The diva has an ugly voice . And the acting is about the same as a silent film actress ... overdone . The worst recital I 've ever heard .
 Sorry , but with a voice like that , she should not be singing opera .
 I bought this ablum with the thought that it was going to be as good that their first album . Boy was I way way way way wrong . The only reason I do n't give this 1 star is because you can stand listening to it at least twice but that about it . Do n't waste your money on this one folks .
 Parkening 's version of the Aranjuez is severely lacking in musicallity and emotional interpretation . This may be due to how the CD was recorded , in that , the RPO recorded its part and then Parkening dubbed in his part at a later time . This is highly dubious and definitely works as a disadvantage for the overall interpretation of the work . Parkening 's performance may be technically acceptable , but for those who want a performance of the Aranjuez that is not only technically dazzling , but is also emotionally rich and musically fullfilling , buy Pepe Romero 's recording with the Academy-of-St . Martin 's - in the Field under Sir Neville Marriner released in 1994 . Not only is it the definitive recording , but it was one of the composer 's favorite recordings of his concerto .
 For a live Don Carlo , I would recommend the Met 's dvd with Domingo and Freni or the d'Oro cd edition with Corelli and Janowitz . I am a big fan of all the singers here , except the mezzo , whom I 've never heard before or since . She is adequate in this recording , with sometimes a nice chest register and good diction , but in the big arias , she becomes potato-mouthed , unintelligible , and unnatural-sounding . I would call her performance adequate . Dessi is the most enjoyable here - very Italianate , the voice is perfectly balanced , she shows adequate emotion , with just a hint of strain on the highest notes . It 's the men that drive me nuts here . They all three sing beautifully but as though they are some sort of singing machines . Wet noodles - all three of them - no emotion hardly at all . The worst is Pavarotti . Listen to him in his Decca recordings of the Duke and Edgardo , and compare him here . Where did the passion go ? I 'll tell you where
 `` Younger and Younger '' is a bizarre and irksome movie.Jonathan Younger appears to be a successful businessman , but actually depends on his unappreciated wife , Penny , to do all the work . Jonathan manages to get around , and one day when Penny hears him having an affair , she dies on the office floor -LRB- sounds highly improbable to me -RRB- . Jonathan is apathetic at first , but starts seeing the ghost of his wife everywhere he looks.Meanwhile , Jonathan 's son , Winston , comes home from Europe to help keep up the company . Winston is swamped by his new duties , and receives no help whatsoever from his daydreaming father.Somewhere along the way , Winston gains a foreign girlfriend and Jonathan and Penny are finally united forever.The plot is utterly ridiculous , and the director does not bother to explain several peculiar moments . This movie is ultimately boresome , and its only positive element is Brendan Fraser .
 I payed like one cent for it literally , and this movie is so terrible . Brendan Fraser is in it but this movie is so wierd , confusing , boring and just plain ridiculous .
 My brother-in-law was in this movie . He does n't talk , but he 's one of the ball room dancers . Near the end of the movie he spins a girl and she falls to the floor ... do n't know if that was on purpose , but they kept it in ... probably for comic relief becuase this was such a boring movie . I only watched it becuase he was in it . Brenden Frasier is adorable in it , but he always is !!
 I truly wish that 50 Cent 's crack-head Mama had an abortion !
 Its not worth buying . this is exactly why people bootleg cds . dont get me wrong , there are some songs that i would defenitly bump in the jeep , but like i said there are some ... and there are about 20 + songs on this cd . I like a cd i can listen to all the way thru instead of skipping thru trax . If your looking for a good cd go grab The Games new sh*t ... nicely done . Thats a cd I `` actually '' bought . im going to be honest with you . just download the new 50
 Not much else I can say about this CD that has n't already been said . There are some decent beats on this album and that 's why I gave it 1 star . 50 Cent is a bad rapper -LRB- and even those that enjoy this album should agree -RRB- . He has nothing new to offer . Listen to his song with Eminem to see the huge gap in talent . I highly recommend that you spend your $ somewhere else . This CD will get old really quick .
 Are you kidding me ? This guy is a JOKE ! He 's the fakest rapper there is . O wait never mind he aint no rapper he a singer . When get rich or die tryin came out it waz hot so waz his unreleased debute power of the dollar . But this is just trash . All the songs on this cd arent real hiphop . The only decent song on this album is the hate it or love it remix . Its not even his song though . The thing that gets me mad the most is how he compares himself to the best . '' take sum Big and sum Pac mix them up in a pot , sprinkle a lil Big L on top what the fu ** do you got ? '' Not this guy ! All he does is talk about Pac , Biggy , and Big L . This guy can never be on their level . He aint even near Jadakiss 's Level . Jada would destroy this punk in a freestyle . Fat joe could to . I could Rip This guy to shreds in a freestyle . Banks and Buck are hot But 50 is the sorriest Rapper ever . Please dont buy this album and give this steroided up idiot more money . He snitches to the cops and tells them all the other rappers buisnesses then talks about his hood . How real is that ?
 He raps so badly that I can never hear him . `` Candy Shop '' is aweful . He does n't have a very high vocabulary either . I wish he 'd get back with G-unit and be good again . They all sold more albums individually than when all as a whole , and all of them suck individually . Bad , bad , bad , and , uh , terrible album , 50 . Go home . - K.G.M.
 Why exactly is this thang called ` The Massacre ' anyway ?! I do n't own it , but friends of mine got it , and they tell me it 's baaaad !!!! I agree since I herrd ` Candy Shop ' , and hated it . G-unit was better as a whole than split apart.I 've got several complaints about this album , but just keep in mind I 've only heard the ` hits ' from this album and some other samples on my i tunes player . I do n't understand how songs like ` Just a Lil Bit ' and ` Candy Shop ' became singles . ` In My Hood ' was pretty good , from what I heard of it , and it 's been a long time since I heard ` Disco Inferno ' . fitty cent tried way too hard on this album . His last one was actually decent because I own that one , but this one gave me no indication that he 's grown as a rapper whatsoever . Plus , he raps so quietly I can never understand one thang he sayin ' . He 's even quieter here than before . In fact , all I really even hear is ` bleh blah bleh , bleh blah blah blah , -LRB- G , G , G , G Uniiit !!!!! -RRB- blah bleh blah , bleh blah blah bleh , blah bloh blah bleh ' and virtually nothin ' he sayin ' makes sense.I think Lloyd Banks and Young Buck 's albums are equally bad , since they whole gang broke up . G-unit was so much better when all them together and not all on their own . It makes me kinda sad to rate an album by a member of G-unit so low , but hey , it 's just not good , and he do n't deserve a real high rating . G , G , G , G Uniiit !!!!!!!!!!
 There are many well stated facts about this CD already posted , so I will try and make mine quick ... well friends ... overall ... this CD ... just stinks ! I know sophomore albums normally are fabricated malarkey but for real , this one is a hot mess . I will say he is a very smart business man who steals the ideas of others and attempts to make it his , while dissing those who are the true originator of the form . The entire album is nothing but weak insults directed at folks who respect Ja Rule and had nothing to do with the beef he instigated and if its not focusing on those folks , then its focusing on his street cred , which is nonexistent at this point cause his home is no where near no ruff side of town.This whole album is talking about nothing but licking and guns and to be honest , being an attractive grown woman . Men that talk so much tend to be lacking in the areas they are focusing on ... kinda like the short man syndrome who drives the oversized truck and some little man comes out.I know he will go down in the `` Hall of Rap Legends '' because of his debut album sales , but he will not be remembered as a creator ... a lyrist , a Tupac , a Biggie , and I merely add those names because that is what most aspire to become.Overall the CD is conceit , he looks like a monkey , and he is copying the style of Ja and his crew ! He is a poser ... he is a wankster!Save your change and buy something that your sound system would love to playback for you .
 I personally dont find 50 cent to be a good rapper there are many more BETTER than him i dotn see 50 stayin in the game 10 albums deep THIS ALBUM IS GARBAGE not even worth a penny let alone 50 dasmn cents
 We 're all lemmings I guess . Another case in point about how powerful the media is and how you can be so average and sell so hugely . I 'm out ...
 This is very bad . He loves 2 diss people on this album . He disses Fat Joe , Jadakiss -LRB- just because they went and did `` New York '' with Ja Rule , and Nas ! He is WAY better than 50 and he knows it . If 2pac and Biggie were alive today , he would diss them 2 . Soon , he will diss Eminem . This is a terrible album . Not recommended .
 first off 50 cent is the most overrated artist in the buisness . His lyrics suck and his voice sounds really dumb -LRB- because he got shot in the mouth a few years back and has a hole in his mouth . -RRB- Instead of listing all the crappy tracks i 'll tell u the only decent ones.Gunz come outi do n't need emHate it or love it remix -LRB- probably my favorite song now but this is games song and he just redid it with the rest of g unit -RRB- overall crappy cd do n't buy it
 Basically all what 50 does is diss nas , jadakiss , fat joe , and especially ja rule . the beats are ok but the lyrics suck . I waited 4 ever for this album to come out when I first bought I was excited but now I dont even want to look at it !!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !!!
 After 2 years , and 60 songs , how ... JUST HOW ?!?!?!?! can this album be SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bad ? can these really be the best songs he can pick out of 60 ?!?!?! Someone get Jimmy Ivine on the phone , somethings got ta change ...
 Okay Just listened to 50 cent album the `` massacre . '' The album had a few nice beats Candyshop of course with the help of Olivia , Disco Inferno and Gatman And Robin -LRB- without lyrics -RRB- are songs with nice tracks they are the best of all the songs on the album . But this is a weak LYRICALLY INCOMPETENT album . Nothing special and the piggy bank song is the worst Diss song ever made and to diss Jadakiss , Fat Joe , Shine , Nas and other rap elite 's He should have thought about something else to say and a better beat . And to say that The Game album was his so he 50 cent say should have kept it for himself cause The Game album is 1000 times better .
 I am very disappointed with this album . There are a few good songs but they are far and few in between . this album is nowhere as good as the first album . The Game 's album is a hell of lot better than 50 's effort . 50 step your game back up for the next album or lose more fans !
 50 cent , you scumbag , you do n't even deserve a review .
 this cd was just horrible . Fifty had talent when he made the `` power of the Dollar '' album and ever since he 's just been getting worse n worse all he has is catchy hooks ... that usually work on girls ... but as far as being `` hood '' he 's as hood as a hello kitty mittin . this cd is a waste of space
 Why do we need a fake thug steroid image in the industry to sell records . This man has no talent whatsoever . His first cd was alright but The Massacre was one of the worst albums of all time next to Eddie Murphy 's album . Hear we have a man that look like he just injected himself with Arnold Swarzneggar steroids talking about `` Candy Shop '' and `` Disco Inferno '' what 's next for this Uncle Tom ? Are we going to see him dancing for the President in a pink bikini suit ? For the right price he 'll be there .
 Another lookalike , soundalike rapper !! Show the muscles -LRB- coz he dont got brains -RRB- and the HUGE jewelry and grab your crotch ... blah blah blah . Same ol' rap , which is short for CRAP !! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 hip hop is so gay , i do n't see why it 's so popular . Rap used to stand for something back in the ninetys , now it 's all about stars and their cars . Any one listening to this is probably some twelve year old thinking he knows good music , or some faggy little skateboarder who lip sycs to the fresh lyrics of this jackass or that retard Kanye West . P.S the dancing in Hip hop videos look so gay , everyone will notice this by 2006 , I gaurantee .
 we 've heard all of this once why would we wan na hear it all again on his 2nd CD with worse songs ? just a thought
 Eminem 's music was not too bad , it could hardly be considered a punishable crime . However , his introduction of 50 cent into the world of music should see him stripped of all his possesions , shipped to a remote island and injected with enough anthrax to kill the entire population of Spain.Overall 50 Cents music has less musical credibility than The Backstreet Boys . He is catchy , that is all . MAYBE BSB went through a breakup and have experience int hat . 50 Cent on the other hand is a millionaire who acts like he lived on the street and was a `` PIMP '' -LRB- lets glorify a profession that abuses prostitutes ! omg joy ! -RRB- . Rap is a genre that I do not particularily enjoy . Musically it is simple backbeats and lyrically oriented . 50 Cent makes rappers who can write intelligent lyrics look like gods . -LRB- Do n't get me started on his lyrics , lets just say he writes like a 13 year old who just discovered that he can say `` F *** '' without the world collapsing -RRB-
 50 sucks , he 's gotten paranoid from the steroids , nas , fat joe , jada , shyne etc. are going to crush him !!
 I bought this CD even though i read all those bad reviews and after listening to each song in a good mood , i all of a sudden was down ! This album is most likely aimmed to boost young teenager sales like 13 years old .1 st album off the hook , goes in HISTORY as album you can put 1 and listen the entire way through . Pick it up `` Get Rich or Die Tryin `` This ALBUM and alot of EMiNEMs productions are awful ! First time i bought a 2pac CD and took it out of the CD-PLAYER after 3 days was when EMiNEM got his hands on them . Hes RICH and Hes WHITE and he is taking over what BLACK MEN have created just like every other white man in this world . -LRB- BY THE WAY , I `` M WHITE -RRB- So GOOD LUCK finding music to bump to in your RIDE and lets hope some new stars get into the game because RAPPING is a sport and some people need to retire legends then go out LOSERS ! Peace
 THIS `` MUSIC '' IS PURE SH*T AND I WISH SOME ONE LIKE SID OR COBAIN COMES AND PUT THEIR GUITARS IN THESE GUYS ' AS ** 'S , HIP HOP STINKS , THE RAP AND HIP HOP ARE BEASTIE BOYS , NOT SH*T LIKE THIS .
 22 SONGS ABOUT FIVE SONGS I CAN BUMPWEEEEEK UNIT !!!!!!!! WHAT THE HELL IS THE GATMAN SONG
 You , you , you too light in the ass to try to step in the ring with a heavy weightI 'm bout to kill you , I give you a shot at the title but you must be suicidalWho 's ya idol punk ? Who 's ya idol ? You wan na piece a this?You ca n't handle this scandulous sh*t Brain surgery you better murder me I need some therapyFor those who never hearda me you need a lombotamyGotta be in ya head like purgery , purgatoryConcocted the evil rhyme inside the laboratoryPimped Boomin Words From Hell way before D-12Tell me your favorite white rapper act like a femaleB * tch , slit ya wrist like ya dumb wife , KimScribble my name on the wall , I love E-S-H-A-MChoke a psychiatrist , choke the mic in my fistChokin off the bomb smoke his therapy says my therapistI sniffed through much ` cane , wan na kill too many peopleSo I hafta hear no , see no , say no motherf *** in evilBrain surgery open ya head up wake the dead upNever let up till ya wet up when ya fall down never get upBrain surgery open ya head up wake the dead upNever let up till ya wet up when ya fall down never get up
 rap takes no talents guys . listen to real MUSIC . Rap and all the bull crap stuff lik that is bringing down the music industry , wasting labels money , and transforming our society into a big puddle of desensitized crap . And do n't think to yourself , `` oh this guy is just a concerned parent . Im 15 years old , and unlike all of you , can use my brain . Rap is nothing , just a waste of space . So go rethink your life .
 50 Cent is a chav and I hate chavs , I am what is called a mosher and I am proud to be one , I like good music such as , AcDC , Led Zeppelin , Nirvana , Queen , Soundgarden , Guns n Roses.Face it you chavs , hip-hop , rap , mc , is all rubbish.Now rock takes talant , rap and mc takes fast talking and a computer or something to do the background noise for you.So stop trying to be cool and actaully like what you like , and stop pretending you like this.I HATE CHAVS , THEY MUST BURN !
 50 cent basically embodies everything that is wrong with the world these days when it comes down to music . he proves that selling massive amounts of albums and getting loaded with all kinds of dubious music-awards really does n't have anything to do with any form of musical ability , or creativity for that matter . Just like his previous album , this one is also filled with drowsy , monotonous bores that should pass as ` rappy jazzy'That 's not to say that this music is ` inoffensive ' . For most people it IS inoffensive , just pleasant musical wallpaper that does n't disturb a family dinner or an half an hour of washing the dishes , which declares the ridiculous amount of sales . For me , and thankfully many others who appreciate good music , this music IS offensive . It 's mindnumbingly bland easy listening that does n't even deserve to be labeled as music , but is seen as such , which is an insult . Yes , every song sounds exactly the same as the song before , so why do people spend their hard-earned money on this drivel ? It really has some kind of brainwash-effect
 DO NOT BUY THIS , THIS ISH IS GARBAGE . 50 WAS BRAGGIN BOUT THIS ! LMAO ! THIS IS TRULY WACK , AND I AM NOT HATING , GET RICH OR DIE TRYIN WAS AIGHT , BUT THIS IS WACK . TRUST ME ! I BEEN LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM FOR ABOUT A WEEK -LRB- SHUSH KEEP IT ON THE LOW LOW -RRB- . I SERIOUSLY CAN NOT REMEMBER ONE STANDOUT TRACK . IF YOU ASK ME FOR THE BEST TRACK ON THIS ALBUM , I WOULD STAND THERE WITH A STONE FACE LIKE 50 . THERE ARE NO STANDOUT TRACKS WHATSOEVER . A COUPLE OF TRACKS ARE DECENT , I GUESS , BUT IT IS JUS NOT WORTH THE MONEY , YOU STILL DONT BELIEVE ME . JUS LISTEN TO ` GUNZ COME OUT ' . DOWNLOAD IT , DONT BUY IT ! THAT TRACK IS THE PERFECT EXAMPLE OF WHY 50 SUCKS . THIS IS ONE OF THE FEW TRACKS THAT 50 TRIES TO BE GANGSTA ON AND IT FAILS MISERABLY ! DO NOT BUY '' THE DISASTER '' . ABOUT THAT ` PIGGYBANK ' , IT IS GON NA MAKE HISTORY , IT IS ! AS THE WEAKEST DISS SONG EVER . ITS CRAP LIKE THE REST OF THE TRACKS ON '' THE DISASTER '' .
 The first thing that anyone reading reviews for this should know is that obviously the 11-year-old kids that listen to this love it . It 's even more pathetic when these kids write reviews that try to make it seem as though they know what they are talking about . A `` hater '' is what they may call you.This is only natural however . The mainstream music industry designs their music on what little kids will listen to , with absolutely no regard to musical talent or artistical ability . 50 Cent is the face of such things , and is also the worst of it.To be frank , 50 Cent is synonymous with garbage , crap , fake , wannabe , pop and many much more unpleasant things . 50 Cent has been getting away with having absolutely NO musical talent whatsoever . If you want to discuss this in terms of rap fans , he has absolutely no skill whatsoever . Kids think this is hip-hop , but the funny thing is that its truly just pop music or candy-rap . Not that I care , but this guy is in no way a gangster , in fact hes probably a model . He was not shot 9 times . No seriously , you actually belive that ? Most people dont survive getting shot 1 time , you think he survived 9 shots ? Thats a marketing ploy , thats what that is . Do n't act like you listen to hip-hop , little kids , you dont even have the slightest grasp on what a real hip-hop artist is and you never will . You 'll probably listen to another genre in 2 months anyway . Go buy a KidzBop cassete.This album is truly just another peice of worthless mainstream garbage . Music is an artform . There is no art in this music . This is just commercial delusion formed by the industry teamed up with some model to make kids think they are listening to rap . It is somewhat surprising that kids dont even slightly realize the eceptionally low quality of what they are hearing , but if they did , they would n't care anyways . They dont seem to care that he says the same things in every song . '' I got ta sick vendetta to get my chedda wit my berretta ... and i 'm so good , cuz im so hood ... i 'll take you too the candy shop , you can lick my little lolipop `` Somehow people dont find anything wrong with those atrocious lyrics that reappear in every one of his songs . I 'm 99 % sure that chimpanzees and gorrilas can write better lyrics than that ... but then again they ca n't survive 9 bullets or get they lolipops licked in da canyshop , so I dont see them overtaking 50 in record sales anytime soon.Dont buy this crap unless you have the IQ level of roadkill .
 Ive never even heard any of this guy ; s song 's or read any of his lyric 's but i doubt there anything like this . . Cradle of Filth
 All rap sucks especially 50 cents . Go listen to real music this is a joke . If I could give negative stars I would .
 I DO N'T THINK PEOPLE REALISE THAT THIS IS NOT MUSIC THIS IS JUST SOME PERSON WHO USE TO BE A DRUG DEALER TRYING TO GET RICH I DO N'T UNDERSTAND HOW PEOPLE THINK DRUGS , VIOLENCE , BAD LANGUAGE AND A LOT MORE ARE COOL I WOULD RATHER LISTEN TO GOOD CHARLOTTE WHO I HATE THAN LISTENING TO 1 MINUTE OF RAP OR HIP HOP ANYTHING IS BETTER THAN RAP CLASSICAL , JAZZ , ROCK 'N' ROLL , ROCK , METAL , AND OF COURSE PUNK WHICH IS THE BEST YOU WANT TO LISTEN TO GOOD MUSIC LISTEN THE RAMONES , THE ADICTS , THE CLASH , THE SEX PISTOLS JUST TO NAME A FEW AND BESIDES I DO N'T KNOW IF PEOPLE REMEMBER BACK IN 98,99 WHEN EVERYONE WAS LISTENING TO THE BACKSTREET BOYS IN 5 YEARS PEOPLE WILL BE OVER WITH RAP START SOMETHING NEW AND THE PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY 'RE TO COOL WILL LISTEN THEY ALWAYS DO WHEN SOME NEW MUSIC COMES OUT EVERYBODY STARTS LISTENING TO SOMETHING NEW THEY 'RE NOT COOL I HAVE FRIENDS IN SCHOOL YES I GO TO SCHOOL I ` AM ONLY A TEENAGER JUST THAT I USE MY DAD 'S ACCOUNT ANYWAY MY FRIENDS JUST LISTEN , TALK , AND ACT LIKE THEY LIKE RAP BECAUSE THEY FEEL IF THEY DO N'T PEOPLE WONT LIKE THEM THEY WO N'T HAVE GIRLFRIENDS OR THEY WO N'T BE COOL AND SADLY THATS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENS I LISTEN TO ROCK , METAL , AND PUNK AND SOME STUDENTS WO N'T HANG OUT WITH ME SOME GIRLS TRY TO AVOID ME BUT A LOT OF OTHER BOYS AND GIRLS ARE FINE BECAUSE THEY DO N'T CARE WHAT YOU LISTEN TOO BECAUSE THEY LISTEN TO OTHER STUFF SO REMEMBER RAP AND HIP HOP SUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING THING ELSE IS FINE IF YOUR BUYING THIS ALBUM BECAUSE YOU THINKS IT WILL MAKE YOU COOL DO N'T DO IT BE WHO YOU ARE AND LISTEN TO WHAT YOU REALY LIKE THANKS FOR READING MY REVIEW AND HAVE A NICE DAY !!!!!!!
 I have no problem with 50 cent . I enjoy most of his work from his beginnings on the 8 mile soundtrack to get rich . But this is crap . How about some NEW lyrics instead of g-unit and gats ? The beats are junk compared to his last cd and it lacks any continuity at all . Do yourself a favor and check out Jadakiss or Obie Trice . They blow this clown away lyrically .
 This is 50 cent 's 4th album and by far the worst looks like the order his albums come out in the more crapper they get .22 tracks and 7 good ones oh come on!the 3 scott storch songs yeh , the 2 dre beats ofcorse boy , disco inferno hell yes , so amazing so brilliant dawg.The rest speak for themselves.For 50 cent you say game is nothing without u well that may be true kid but ur nothing without dre and it shows on your pathetic excuse of an album !
 Just when 50 said he was n't gon na have a sophomore slump he did . Relative to many albums out this album is trash . He has the nerve to hate on Game , he 's just jeolous because 50 knew coming in that his album couldnt hold a candle to came . Every other song sounds the same , he talks about the same thing on every song , he sings almost every hook -LRB- a la Ja Rule -RRB- , there isnt much to this album , but ryder music is a hot song , but if you 're a true hip-hop fan , you will feel let down by 50 .
 If you 're looking for good Aftermath-produced or G-Unit affiliated music , here 's which artists to go to and which to stay far , far away from :50 Cent -- Go nowhere near The Massacre . You 're 5 % more likely to suffer a slow , painful death just by touching the case . It is the worst CD you could possibly ever hear . Same thing goes with the movie soundtrack.Get Rich or Die Tryin -LRB- the original -RRB- on the other hand , is solid ... especially on those bonus tracks -LRB- Heaven , Life on the Line , U Not Like Me -RRB- , Patiently Waiting , 21 Questions , and anything featuring another G-Unit member . PIMP , with its lack of Snoop Dogg -LRB- which the music video seemed to promise -RRB- , High All the Time , Many Men , and Wanksta can kind of get old though.The thing about 50 Cent these days is that by himself he is no longer any good at all . He needs to be held up by a crutch of some better rapper before he can make good with his own rap . The reason he succeeds so well in his collaborations with The Game in The Documentary and Eminem in The Re-Up is because he has actually GOOD rappers holding him up . He 's like the Abbott of the comedians Abbott & Costello now . He has nothing worth contributing without his Costello of some kind to be there for him.The Game -- As soon as I heard this guy 's album and compared it to 50 's Massacre , I knew that if G-Unit was going anywhere , this guy would be the one to take it there . And now it turns out he left . Ca n't blame him when the clique-label 's leader is so dumb . Was the most progressive rapper of the crew , and his reason for leaving is probably because of how anti-progressive 50 's Massacre was . Has the best , deepest subject matter within his songs , if not the best flow -LRB- Although his underground 300 Bars song would automatically crown him king if he did that well all the time on his main albums -RRB- . As far as the mainstream and not underground CDs go though , I 'd give him a 2nd best for flow of the G-Unit crew.His Documentary album has been called the third Chronic , and has the best of Dre 's beats you 'll find on any G-Unit CD . Criticisms are that he name-drops Dre & NWA a bit too much , but overall , I think it 's not that big of a deal . He 's a big hip-hop history fan , and he 's still a little starstruck over the chance of being able to work with Dre . Given a very brief profile of the rapper , he fits into an uncomfartable stereotype , -LRB- average-looking rapper from Compton who 's been shot a few times -RRB- , but he immediately carves a personality of his own in the Doctor 's Advocate and his even better The Documentary.Young Buck -- I 'd say probably the best G-Unit member still in G-Unit . This guy has the best flow , as far as mainstream CDs are concerned . He also seems to be the 2nd-most concerned about the world -LRB- a.k.a. ` progressive ' -RRB- , with references to the Illuminati amongst other secret organizations . I like this guy the best of the remaining G-Unit . 2nd best comes sort of close to him , but still does n't match Buck 's raw skills.Lloyd Banks -- This guy is second best . His flow skills somewhat tie for 2nd place with The Game 's , or at least land in that area . He , Buck , and The Game are my top three for G-Unit -LRB- even though The Game 's not G-Unit anymore -RRB- . Anybody else you can probably pass up . I 'll go over them real quick just to make sure you know who the others are beforehand.Tony Yayo -- The one male member who is worse than 50 Cent . In the G-Unit CD , they always shouted ` Free Yayo ! ' and now he is free . The G-Unit had done a terrible thing by campaigning for his release . His is of no benefit whatsoever to them . He might even be responsible for the gradual dumbening of 50 's style & outlook on life.Joe -- The kind of R&B ; star you 'd expect to sing chorus or backup on an Outkast track , mixed with a bit of R. Kelley and a very small splash of Stevie W. He 's not bad I guess . I hated him completely on ` Wan na Get to Know You ' of the G-Unit CD , but would definitely still listen to his ` Ride Wit U ' track off his own solo album.Olivia -- Pssh , are you dumb ? No . She 's partially responsible for Candy Shop . That should be reason enough to hate her full-on and never turn back . She kind of ca n't sing either . Bad move to make an R&B ; CD without being able to sing , I think.Lil ' Scrappy -- This is the same Lil ' Scrappy you heard on Lil ' Jon 's `` What U Gon Do ? '' track . He 's pretty good . Decent at least . Definitely not as decent as 50 Cent 's original Get Rich or Die Tryin , but decent . He 's got a good enough style though that places him above everyone else still in G-Unit , excluding Lloyd Banks and Young Buck , but including 50 Cent by himself.I think that 's everybody . So ... now you know all about G-Unit , and who 's good and who 's not . If you HAVE to buy G-Unit , now you know who to avoid and who to embrace . If you plan on buying the original Get Rich or Die Tryin , I suggest you do n't . Burn it , or have a friend burn it for you . 50 does n't need the money right now or ever again . If you decide not to buy G-Unit , then more power to you . The Game is actually now sort of the anti-G-Unit since he left , because , you know , the majority of their members still suck.I 'd suggest Mos Def 's Black on Both Sides instead of any of this stuff though ... even if you were planning on buying G-Unit . That 's probably the best hip-hop album I 've ever heard , or will hear .
 I may be 13 , but I do know what good music is . 50 cents new CD The Massacre might have sold alot , but thats only cause of all the hype people gave it . In 2003 his album Get rich or die Tryin showed some potential and gave the artist lots of respect , now , on almost every issue of XXL , he 's on the cover with his G-unit retards . The movie sucked , The sound track sucked , the game -LRB- really sucked -RRB- and G-unit sucks . The only good member of G-unit is Young Buck , and he barely gets enough recognition . Without Em and Dre , 50 wouldnt exist , this album may have sounded good last year , but now with stuff like Common , Lil Wayne , Kanye west , Chamillionaire , etc , I figured out good rap music . The album was too laid back and it almost put me to sleep , the beats were lame , the rhymes sucked and his voice was annoying . No wonder why I see so many Bad reviews on here . He never features any good artists , it 's always Tony Yayo or somthin like that , never any of the good artists like Bun B , Krayzie Bone , Jay-Z . He 's focused to much on clothing and movies that he cant focus on his music . If your gon na buy a CD , make Sure its one of the CDs in the top 50 rap CD 's of 05 , even Jadakiss sounds better than 50 . Im sorry man , but if you dont change the flow on your next CD , the whole G-unit thing is gone .
 I knew this album wasnt going to be close to `` Get rich or die Trying '' , but damn i almost want to call him gay for this B.S he calls the massacre . people please download , buy it for less than 10 $ -LRB- bootleg -RRB- , or whatever you can do to keep from bying this album . Ima save my time to tell u fans how this cd is ... GARBAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 50 is nothin without production . His first album had probably the best beats on it that an album has had in the past 5 years . This one dont and his lyrics and flow are awful . I would definitely listen before I copped this album . Cause I bought it and I regret it . I agree biggest disappointment of ' 05 .
 this could very possiby be one of the worst albums ever . sad but true . i mean every damn song on here is about the same damn thing murder , sex , money . yeah , not very creative i would say . Why wo n't he just quit or go and get shot . He is a big reason why hip hop is going down the drain.I do n't know if people like Kanye and Nas will be enough to save rap if no talent ass clowns like 50 keep coming in the game .
 I do n't like The Massacre really . 50 Cent has really made himself a stupid moron with this CD . Get Rich or Die Tryin ' was very good , this is the opposite . Here 's my analysis :1 . Intro
 First off before i get into my review I just got ta say 50 u are crazy to even mention your name with 2Pac , Biggie , JayZ , or Nas . Those four Rappers are some of the greatest MC 's ever to live and 50 your just an average MC or as Jadakiss said a party rapper . Anyways after listening to the album a few things stood out . 50 constantly raps about the same things ... money , hoes , ice , cars , and clubs . It grows tirer-sum when he just raps about the same things most other rappers rap about and the lyrics are not that witty . Last time I checked hip-hop was about lyrics and those are sadly missing from here . Another thing that bothers me is he disses Ja Rule for makin bitch music ... 50 ... thats what ur album is about . 50 really has not progressed anywhere since his last album Get Rich Or Die Tryin . The only song I feel on the album in Baltimore Love Thing . 50 really has dropped off since his G-Unit buddies started droppin CD 's . If you wan na hear 50 back in the day when he has better lyrics and better songs check out `` power of the dollar '' or `` guess whos back '' .
 I have now had this ablum for 3 days I give it 2 1/2 stars -LRB- yes I may have iilegally got it but who cares -RRB- and its not what i expected at all . There are 22 tracks on this CD i liked 5
 The above is an understatement.What the hell is wrong with 50 ? ` Disco Inferno ' ? ` Candy Shop ' ? ` Gatman and Robin ' ? This whole album is total crap , do NOT waste any resources on this garbage . If you enjoy this music then you have probably been drugged beyond repair from his vitamin water and crappy clothing .
 Rap today is so bad . The golden year of the early to mid 90 's are all gone . Now it 's `` I drilled a ho and smoked some dope and shot some guys and went to the candy shop . '' God help rap . I wish I could just play some classic Eric B. and Rakim , Gang Starr , Brand Nubian , TCQ , etc. , then you would hear what real rap and hip-hop was . My sister keeps bragging about how great this CD is and I just have to pop in `` Do n't Sweat the Technique or Midnight Marauders '' to show her what rap is . Rap sucks today . 50 Cent is the today 's rap king -LRB- why ? -RRB- and he is leading it into the ground . Heis absolutely killing it . That 's just too bad . Mainstream rap is pure garbage .
 what are you talking about . Nas and Jadakiss will murder this clown . Nas probally has more money then 50 Cents because 50 probally flushed it down the tank . I am sorry for doing this DI but this review by you was kind of nuts . How about like me you review the other CD off the album and not the biacies .
 This Cd iz horrible . 50 is a horrible rapper , he is a fake gangster who never touched a gun and uses his corny gimmic of gettin shot to try to make him sound like pac . Rap iz getting worse and worse . If u r a true hip-hop fan go buy and support the underground or the decent mainstream rappers . 50 cent cant even flow , his lyrics are corny and very uncreative , just look at him compared to other rappers . 50cent : I pop you punk N **** s , like I pop my collar '' Big L
 Uh ... I do n't even know where to start on this one . Somebody better knock some sense into 50 Cent soon because I think his fans are really disappointed with this album . This is more than just a step back from Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' , it 's about 1000 steps back . I 'm not a huge fan of 50 Cent but I have heard this album and it is nothing like his fist album . I do n't get why some artists want to mess with the formula of success * cough * * 50 Cent * * cough * 1 . Intro -LRB- Skit -RRB- - Decent intro2 . In My Hood - Horrible flow , horrible verses and chorus 1/53 . This Is 50 - Decent lyrics , bad flow 3/54 . I 'm Supposed To Die Tonight - Finally a good song 5/55 . Piggy Bank - Lame diss , nice flow and chorus 3/56 . Gatman And Robbin - -LRB- with Eminem -RRB- - Em kills 50 again 4/57 . Candy Shop - -LRB- with Olivia -RRB- - Overplayed single , nice beat 3/58 . Outta Control - Good flow and good lyrics 4/59 . Get In My Car - Awesome chorus and a good flow 5/510 . Ski Mask Way - Decent song , nothing special 3/511 . A Baltimore Love Thing - Uh ... 2/512 . Ryder Music - Pretty good song 3/513 . Disco Inferno - Nice flow , chorus , and beat 4/514 . Just A Lil Bit - Yeah , just a lil bit better 2/515 . Gunz Come Out - Nice chorus and lyrics 5/516 . My Toy Soldier - -LRB- with Tony Yayo -RRB- - Yayo outshines 50 5/517 . Position Of Power - Gay song 1/518 . Build You Up - -LRB- with Jamie Foxx -RRB- - Decent song 3/519 . God Gave Me Style - WACK 1/520 . So Amazing - -LRB- with Olivia -RRB- - Good song 3/521 . I Do n't Need 'Em - Decent song 3/522 . Hate It Or Love It - -LRB- G-Unit remix , Bonus Track , with The Game/Tony Yayo/Young Buck/Lloyd Banks -RRB- - BEST SONG 10/5Overall I gave this album 2/5 because it just does n't live up to the hype and 50 's flow is wack , I think just about every guest on hear outshined him . I would only suggest this album to die hard G-Unit fans .
 I loved `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' and I thought 50 was gon na better himself as a rapper , but as we see , money has gotten the best of him . We see this all the time in the music business . So for anybody who does n't have a clue on how to buy good music , do n't expect somebody 's second album to be better than their first . And one more thing for those who bought this album , TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE INTERNET AND LISTEN TO ALBUMS BEFORE YOU BUY !!!!!!
 It is too bad 50 had to let the Game go , the Game and him worked so well together and it made for a better album in The Documentary than 50 could do alone with The Massacre . I knew 50 was in trouble when his first two singles were remakes of Loyd Banks On Fire and Lil Kim 's Magic Stick and the rest of the album doesnt even live up to those tracks . Piggy Bank and Gunz come out are `` B '' rated tracks and the rest are all down hill from there . Some of 50 's best tracks on his last album came from the help of Eminem -LRB- patiently waiting -RRB- and Nate Dog -LRB- 21 questions -RRB- . Add this to the success of How We Do and Hate it or Love it where he was the Games sidekick and it becomes obvious that 50 does his best work along side other talents . Its too bad only a handful of tracks are set up this way on the Massacure . Plus ... Nas ? I believe someone 's boss once rapped `` It goes Reggie , Jay-Z , Tupac and Biggie , Andre from Outkast , Jada , Kurupt , Nas and then me '' ... not smart to upset the ones that the boss respects
 From a commercial `` pop '' rap album this is good . But that is it . The lyrics are a far cry from his first album and even the hooks are horrible . Candy Shop has to be one of the worst singles of the year . 50 's said if he sold one album less than he did on his first album it was a failure . Well this looks to be a failure . The b.s. beef with Nas is incredibly stupid on 50s part . Nas is a legend . Nas makes rap , hip hop music ; not commercial pop records . 50 can sell his millions to the youth of the nation who have no idea what rap is and only listen to it to look cool . If you wan na hear real hip hop pick up anything Nas or either of Talib Kweli 's records . Even better Snoop Doggs Death Row greatest hits . 50 doenst deserve my $ 15 .
 wack . i got the bootleg of this . and i 'm glad too . because i 'd be kicking myself if i bought this trash . 50 cent is the biggest phony in rap today . he depends on gimicks to sell . his first album it was i got shot nine times . and now it 's i 'm going to diss every rapper from ny who 's better them me . dissing jada is you crazy . and you ai n't gangsta . getting shot and getting stabbed do n't make you gangsta it means gangsta ni ** as made you their victim and tried to kill you and you did n't do nothing . all you do is snitch and then hire millions of security to protect yourself . you cant even step foot in ny without the whole police precint . that ai n't gangsta rolling with the cops.with that out the way let me talk about the new album . in one word trash . game 's cd had better beats and 50 lyrics have gotten to a pitiful low . and why he singing on every last track ? didnt he diss ja rule for doing that ? hypocrite . he dissed ja so he could become the new ja rule . and that chick he got singing on candy shop is wack .
 As I 've stated in many reviews in the past , how many times must people who do n't even listen to the music attempt to ` review ' a product ? It 's highly annoying when someone degrades a product , because of preconceptions on it , without even delving into it , and listening to it yourself . If you 've added something constructive to the arguement of why this music is horrible , then fine ; I can see where your opinion derives from . If you 're a narrow-minded metalhead who spends all day eating Twinkies and listening to Meshuggah in his mother 's basement , a Game fan who ca n't see that both Game and 50 are highly overrated , or an underground head who does n't accept any album that 's not crafted by 7L & Esoteric , then why even bother wasting your time reviewing an album you 've never personally listened to ? I hate 50 Cent as much as the next person , but I wo n't bring cheap quips to a product I have no prior knowledge of , and call it a review.That being said , 50 Cent 's The Massacre is a failure of an album ; not an abortion , but most definitely a failure . While it does admittedly have more substance than something released by Dem Franchize Boyz , 50 Cent , who was average at best to begin with , had descended even further down the abyss that is his career . Only the production and a few shining spots save this from one star territory.The production on this album is n't nearly as strong as on The Game 's documentary -LRB- hence the reason i rated that one star higher ; both Game and 50 Cent are excruciating lyrically -RRB- , but on the spots that the production does shine , it glimmers brightly . `` My Hood '' is like the sequel to `` What Up Gangsta , '' from GRODT , `` Candy Shop '' has a hypnotizing beat provided by Scott Storch , `` I 'm Supposed To Die Tonight '' is like `` Many Men '' Pt . II , `` This Is 50 '' carries another great beat , `` Outta Control '' is Dr. Dre 's superior outting on this album -LRB- and only one of two tracks -RRB- , `` Piggy Bank '' is another hard beat from Needlz , and `` Get In My Car '' is a nice piece of production handled by the vastly talented Hi-Tek . Unfortunately , only half of the album exceeds musically ; and only on two tracks does 50 Cent show any promise lyrically . `` A Baltimore Love Thing '' is a nice concept song coming from an artist who is very formulamatic ; and the aforementioned `` I 'm Supposed To Die Tonight '' is just as well written as anything 50 Cent 's ever penned . I 'm not sure if that 's actually a compliment , but it is better than mediocre.This is n't a balanced album ; in fact , it 's highly uneven , and is definitely leaning on the ` wack ' side of the scale . GRODT was only slightly better though , and if you 're an actual fan of 50 , I 'm not sure why you dislike this album ; it 's not like he 's drastically changed in the time between releasing albums . If you hated 50 before , then this is just more ammunition for your arsenal .
 NOT exactly worth every penny ... 1 . intro : n/a2 . in my hood : weak ,1.5 / 53 . this is 50 : better ... 3.5 / 54 . i 'm supposed to die tonight : good az this is 50,3.5 / 55 . piggy bank : whatz all the hype bout ? ,2.5 / 56 . gatman & robin feat eminem :1 of the better trackz on this album ... 4.5 / 57 . candyshop feat olivia : uses all its potential ,5 / 58 . outta control : a bumpin party track ,4.5 / 59 . get in my car : uses all its potential ,5 / 510 . ski mask way : ummm ... 0/511 . a baltimore love thing : definitley betta than ski mask way ,3 / 512 . ryder music : it came , it saw , it sucked ... 0/513 . disco inferno : uses all its potential ,5 / 514 . just a lil bit :4 / 515 . gunz come out : it probably took them a few minutes , or less , to produce & record this track ... 0/516 . my toy soldier feat . tony yayo : why is this NOT on 50 Cent : Bulletproof ??? ,5 / 517 . positon of power : see GUNZ COME OUT/RYDER MUSIC18.build u up feat . jamie foxx : see POSITION OF POWER/GUNZ COME OUT/RYDER MUSIC19.God gave me style : ok , fine ... 3.5 / 520 . so amazing feat olivia : nice chorus , the rest is good as spit ... 2/521 . i do n't need 'em : the intro is better than this22.hate it or love it g-unit remix-the game feat . 50 cent , lloyd banks , tony yayo & young buck : much better than the original ,5 / 5
 As said in the title , I do n't hate 50 at all , but now I do thanks to this crappy CD . GRODT was a good album , but 50 should get massacred for even releasing this . Who puts candy to shame -LRB- other than D4L -RRB- ? That 's right , this mofo . The movie sucked too.Oh and the dude under the alias of MTV Rocks , how long have you been high ? TOO long . That 's what you get from MTV .
 i liked get rich or die trying - it had some great beats and i could listen all the way through it without skipping a track and the guest vocals from eminem are good and g unit are ok , although this album is a lot worse and i think it is a bit half as * ed and there are no really memorable tracks on here , i still think there are a few alright tracks on here , and you ca n't base how you feel about a whole album on only hearing a few tracks . p.s haha trevor your review did n't get showed you forgot to blank out c ** p.
 50 Cent produced an instant hip-hop classic with the relentless `` In Da Club , '' but he 's sadly fallen victim to the sophomore slump here . This album was overall a disappointment-nothing here can even hold a candle to his debut smash , but there 's a minimal dose of airy club fun anyway . The album 's anthemic closer , the G-Unit remix of `` Hate It Or Love It , '' is one of its few perks . It 's hooky and has upbeat lyrics . The overrated `` Disco Inferno '' and repetitive `` In My Hood '' do little to deviate the listener 's attention away from the album 's overall mediocrity . Dr. Dre produces some cuts here , but if his classic ` 2001 ' album taught me anything , it 's that he saves the hottest beats for himself -LRB- not to say that that 's a bad thing-I 'd probably do the same -RRB- . The crunky bounce of `` Piggy Bank '' is alright , one of the better tracks here . The thumping march of `` Outta Control '' verges on anthemic-a predictable single , but yet again nothing spectacular . The disc 's highlight , however , is the titillating `` Candy Shop . '' This does n't mean it 's a stellar track on its own-just the best one here -LRB- which is n't saying much , because this album is wholly not too impressive -RRB- . The lyrics rise barely above juvenile -LRB- despite their suggestive tones -RRB- , but it is catchy , nonetheless . The thumping , club-friendly backing track and production are what really make the song work . When I first heard it , I assumed its guest , Olivia , was just your typical rap video wannabe backup hoochie-I was not impressed by her vocals . I was pleasantly surprised when I gave her solo offerings a try , however -LRB- I 'm shocked infectious anthems like `` Bizounce '' and club jams like `` You Got The Damn Thing '' did n't make this girl a diva -RRB- . `` Candy Shop , '' sadly , is not a good representation of Olivia 's skills-she actually * can * sing , and her velvety voice can make even the most foul-mouthed raps sound smooth . Regardless , this song is some 50-accented sugar , created mainly for its beat to be enjoyed and to get the ladies ' asses moving . 50 definitely has talent as a rapper , but he has apparently regressed since his debut , which was a potential rap classic . Either way , he has some work to do before he can be compared to true hip hop greats such as 2Pac or Dr. Dre .
 the massacre is ok ... nothin more nothin less . when i put it in i find myself constantly switching tracks and repeating the same 4 or 5 songs . with get rich you can pop it in and not skip one song ... every track was a hit . i was really disappointed with the massacre . he didnt show anything with this record that showed he deserves to be a multi platinum selling repper . i expected much more with all the hype that was built up . get rich is def . in my top 3 fav cd ` sget back in the studio 50
 Im a true and true g-unit fan . been to the concerts , buy the cds , not just the ones you can buy in kmart . im talking about underground stuff , g-unit radio . i woke up on march 3rd at 8:30 am so i could be one of the first in the store to purchase the massacre . i had looked at the cover and was dissappointed a week before on amazon.com and could only hope that the tracks on the cd would n't disappoint me like the cover . i popped it in my car cd player as soon as i got in . i had a frown on my face until track 5 which is piggy bank . and unlike GRODT i had no expression on my face for the rest of the cd . this is a cd that i will burn with the 4 or 5 tracks that i really like and the rest can be thrown in the garbage . im a sad g-unit fan , i can only sit and wait for the new g-unit cd and hope that its not trash like this one !
 I 'm really giving him the benefit of 2 stars . There is only like 2 good trax on this album other than the one 's they 're playing out on the radio and on tv . You can not even say anything about Hate it or Love it Remix , Its a REMIX ! So that one does n't count . In total out of 22 trax 4 are good , not counting the remix , and in my opinion this is WEAK !!! I listened to this album on the internet and I know I 'm not buying it ! I may download some of the trax , but the album sucks . I 'm not hating because I 'm a G-Unit fan , but all of their works as of late is basura -LRB- traslation
 Firstly , I would n't burn a bootlegged copy of this album on a stolen CDR . Yes , that 's how bad it is ! Some say his rapping style sounds like he 's out of breath or that it 's due to the bullets he took . Whatever it is , it does not work . 50 raps without ANY emotion.In every other `` song '' , sounds of guns being cocked and bullets being fired attempt to present 50 as being hard . Yet , the only thing that 's hard is being able to sit through all the tracks of this garbage.While listening to him , I await him to stumble over his words . Listen closely and you can hear his speech slow as he pronounces words with three or more syllables . Seriously , he sounds like he 's learning to read for the first time-slowly pronouncing every word . Save your money on this one folks .
 i had the luxury of gettin my hands on this album a couple weeks ago . since then , i have listened to hit about 4 or 5 times . Throughout the entire cd , i only heard one line that i thought was remotely clever . not one Verse , one LINE . `` sometimes i sit and look at life from a different angle , dont know if im god 's child or satan 's angel . '' - I 'm Supposed to die tonight . That was the only line on the whole album that i thought was hot . Gatmann and Robbin has got ta be the most wack song i 've heard in my life . for real.candy shop . that song does what its supposed to do . make puplicity for olivia and promote 50 's new album . but thats it . im pretty sure that 50 got his rhymes for this track from his book of cut rhymes . -LRB- probably the majic stick page -RRB- . I cant believe that 50 is using this as single , and then callin ' out joe crack . PLEASE . alot of people dont know that this beat was produced by Scott Storch . Scott Storch produced this beat WITH Fat joe . Fat joe said he didnt want it cause it sounded too much like lean back . 50 is biten the hand that feeds him.After all the hype about piggy bank , i dont think 50 could have made a less dissapointing battle track . all he had to say is `` i get paid , you do n't '' . FOr real , 50 must not understand that there are different types of emcees . Jadakiss , fat joe , and nas are the rappers that dont sell much but are respected in the street . As much as it pains me to say it , 50 is the next ja rule . jUst wait , im tellin u , in the next two years , everyone will hate 50 as much as they hate ja . seriously , hes already gettin shot at outside radio stations . NEw York city hates him , so where can he rep ? all 50 is , is a knucklhead who gets the top producers to give him good beats , then he spits generic crap over it so that aftermath can sell units to white kids in the suburbs.I have a feeling that one of the big reasons why 50 and game are gettin into it now is that 50 is mad because games album is better than his.To all the 50 stans
 The massacre is a massacre to my ears . This is just bubble gum rap . 100 % trash and not one song was good . When I first heard candy shop i knew this was gon na be bad but not that bad . Gay Unit , I mean G-Unit has fallen off thanks to 50 cent . I mean what the hell is Baltimore Love thing that is just pure bullsh * t . This guy has gone soft just like Ja Rule . Piggy Bank why would he go out and diss all the good MC 's . He 's stupid you knew Jada was gon na Lyrically shred him when he heard this song . every track is just a skip . I 'm pissed that I spent $ 15 on this crap .
 The only reason people like 50 Cent is because of the beats that he raps to . If the only reason people like 50 Cent is because of the beats , then do n't give him the props , give it to the producers . I am sick and tired of people giving `` mad respect '' to all these wack rappers nowadays because of the ill beats that they have . NEWS FLASH ... WITH THE EXCEPTION OF A FEW , RAPPERS DO NOT MAKE THE BEATS HENCE SHOULD NOT GET RESPECT THEY DO NOT DESERVE BECAUSE OF THEM .
 I managed to hear this album about 2 weeks before it was released to the public and I 'm very thankful that I did ... So I would not be one of the millions that are going to be sadly upset with the content of the album . I only found 2 tracks on the entire album that I would not use the `` FF '' button on ... `` Get in my Car '' and `` Die tonight '' the rest are just horrible ... if not the beat then the lyrics . 50 has lost it and when he dropped The Game from G-Unit he dropped the best one from the G-Unit including 50 ... He should have been dropping Young Buck and Lord Banks , I know I am not alone when I say that I am feeling The Game for than both of those artist . The entire thing with Piggy Bank is just something to help 50 sell records and everyone is buying right into ... When your album is `` sub-par '' you have to find a way to make it sell and that is just what he did . We all know that Jadakiss will kill 50 on the mic ... it 's going to wild when `` Time is MOney '' drops and Jadakiss `` Airs Him OUt '' ... I predict that when the next 50 album drops we will be beefing with Eminem and DRE , dropped for Shady Records , and using the beef with Em to sell records . This album was a Joke . My best advice is find someone that has it and burn it ... save your money .
 Yea ... this is by far some of the worst music -LRB- if you can even call it that -RRB- I have ever heard . I mean he doesnt even write his own songs -LRB- as I have heard from MANY people -RRB- . Weve heard it all before you say a couple rhymes and get real big ... when are they gon na do something new .
 blows one stur this album be gettin . and by the way i dont really talk like a idiot i just found it quite amusing that all of fiddys homeboyz do n't know how to use proper english . so back to my review , fidy suckz the big o ne yo . he gotz no talint , his beetz suck , and he cant rap worth a dime let alone 50 cents . you want to check a real talented group , check out One Self . I just discovered them , and oh wow , they are good . dont buy dis crap of fiddy tho yo . he be suckin up the place .
 Well to start 50 cent sucks . If you really like rap music then dont think the words 50 cent . Im sorry if you have already bought this cd i will cry for you tonight . I think the only worse sounding rap i have ever heard would have to be ... . wait there is nothing worse this is pooh . Im a large Rap fan and i have honestly never heard anything more repulsive . The lyrics are so none inspired and extremely boaring . Any one can rap like 50 cent , Heres how to rap like 50 cent ... First talk without moving your lips then take off your shirt and flex as you do that but dont move anything . NOW YOU CAN RAP LIKE 50 CENT . Every time i hear a 50 cent song i laugh because its funny someone can be so horrible but what the heck . I borrowed this cd from a friend and i somehow lost it after the first song , so i had to tell my friend i lost his cd . That was a sign that know one should ever have this cd . So now it is my lifelong mission to stop the buying of pooh . Sorry but this cd fits under this category If you like pure poo then buy this cd and if you like repetitive boaring put you to sleep music then buy this cd and waste a perfectly good 12 bucks on go to sleep music .
 50 cent and G-unit is destroying hop hop . Selling millions of records for this music -LRB- if u could call it that -RRB- . Game is good and made a grat album but that was it . every other album g unit album xcept for grodt was dreadful especially massacre and toapf -LRB- tony yayos album -RRB- . He did exactly what he dissed ja for . If 50 realeses anymore of this garbage for an album he wont get to make a 4t album . Thank god for Kanye west he might save hip hop from this sh*t . And for that person using big letters and exclamation marks and calling people `` haters '' u need to get ur ears checked . This is garbage and quit making reviews.Get theese albums instead2pac greatest hits -LRB- or any of his other albums -RRB- Biggie ready to die or life after deathkanye west late registration or college drop outcommon Be -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This cd is one of the worse albums ever released almost as worse as Vanilla Ice . To the guy or girl i dont know who said that 50 Cent is better then Nas and Jadakiss is a dumbmuthaf ** ker cause this shemale does not know about hip hop and do not support 50 cent cause he is bringing down hip hop and rap . Get The Game 's Documentary Album that is way better and get his new Mixtape You Know What It Is Vol . 3 with the 15 minute dis called 300 hundred Bars & Runnin . Do not Buy 50 Cent
 lol . I 'm laughing so hard ... I do so dearly hate this album ... Oh and by the way , incase you where to stupid to notice , he has no musical talent and is obsessed with killing people . Yo 50 ! I got a little rap for you my friend!yo , yo , im 50 centmy face is ugly and it 's full of crapPeople try to shoot me , I wonder why?maybe it 's because I 'm dumb and I don ; t know why ... son ... I try so hard , but my rhyms just blowI have no flow ! so buy my album , son ... and you 'll waste 10 dollars whoopie what fun!LOL ! funny stuff ... . I would n't pay 50 cents for it !
 I do n't even know where to start but this guy is the biggest thief in the history of man . People have given their life earned money to this scum of society who talks about get rich or die trying and massacres . What happened to `` go to college and get rich '' , or `` buy a business and get rich '' ? The last time I heard , the richest man on this planet created the Pentium processor in which we have the wonderful gift of writing these thoughts and letting the world know how we truly feel . Now I can understand why a fan would be mad after paying $ 13.99 plus tax for this garbage and getting nothing out of this other then the fact 50 has taught very important and material of true Zen wisdom including the necessity of acquiring and using an automatic assault rifle when others not of your tribe attempt to sell drugs in your territory without cutting you in on the profits and then stand outside your grandmothers home while the `` neighborhood homies '' return for vengeance by firing 9 deadly shots into your chest and jaw.No thank you , I like not having holes in my jaw and going to college to get a degree so I can `` not '' wear a bullet proof vest when going out in public and not having to walk with 5o police officers when taking my girlfriend out to dinner .
 Buy this album its has a lot of good songs . He should have colloabrated with Britney Spears cause she is a great lyricist just like 50 cent . 50 cent is the best rapper in the whole world he should get a grammy for this album . He is better then any rapper alive and he is a tough guy Yeah buy this
 The ego has landed , once again , to the exultant cheer of the senseless , still leaving numerous question marks lingering in the spring equinox over Hip-Hop . The phrase , '' What Now '' , seems to run rampant through the majestic streets of America . It was unavoidable . It was inevitable . It was the moment Curtis Jackson ` s dream of being placed in the pantheon of hereos disappeared before him . Everyone knew it . Everyone - but 50cent ! So here we are , 2005 . At a time when the more chic , radio-friendly pop sounds are dominating musical spectrums , another mediocre album is released from it ` s hatch , THE MASSACRE which , inevitably , knocks yet another piece of the monument to those who made Rap meaningful , -LRB- Ice Cube , Public Enemy , 2Pac , Nas -RRB- ! Yet in this album , the lyrics are in no way exceptional ! But still , much to my amazement , some harbor 50cent as the Monarch of Rap , hence he attempts to demolish his oponents alike the claimant to throne of 1461 , Henry Tudor , defeated Richard the Third in warfare , '' Piggy Bank '' . When pressed to elaborate a narrative , the '' Candy Shop '' , will evoke the snigger so often amid dedicated rap lovers . '' I ` ll let you lick my lollipop '' . Hardly the fresh impetus I was hoping for . But if he is billed as '' The Next 2Pac '' , he should be able to duplicate 2Pac ` s prophetic style in '' I ` m Supposed To Die Tonight '' , should he not ? Well , the awful lyrics in this song clearly sends out the message that he ca n`t ! By now your probably wondering where is the summit on THE MASSACRE ? Still , I am sad to say , there is n`t one , only the incessant pursuit of females , '' Get In My Car '' , which becomes the leitmotif in the LP . Emotionally frought , he recalls how his sins of law-breaking will eventually find him '' Guns Come Out '' . The hastily ready-made '' Outta control '' and the monotonous '' Just A Lil ` Bit '' easily wins the award for the most fatuous club tracks in living memory . How many more meaningless melodies , I hear you ask ? Plenty , says I ! But nobody really knows when it comes to someone as slow-witted as Curtis Jackson ! But Hip-Hops embarrassment seems to be in the habit of blowing his horn , '' Ski Mask '' , and many tracks with a litany of references to illegal stimulants exposes the serious doubt over his subject matter , '' A Baltimore Love Thing '' ! Sadly , THE MASSACRE may be hailed as a classic . Then again , ... it probably wont ! Rap has indeed been poorly expressive of frustration . Still , it is the former Queensbridge tenant who embarrassingly sought to apply a realistic gangster image , '' In My Hood '' . Incessant bragging is not a pragmatic approach of soothing out his troughs , '' God Gave Me Style '' . Such is the ignorance of Curtis Jackson , that he recently promulgated he should wear the crown as the '' King Of New York '' . Whether fraught of angst or sodomy , or if he finds himself thrust into the heart of battle , this is undoubtedly the massacre of Hip-Hop ! What is also so deeply disturbing is the absence of positivity , '' Gatman And Robbin ` '' . But , 50 Cent now has two options , continue to shame music , or do the decent thing !
 When i got this cd i listined 2 it like about liek a month then i stoped cuz it got boring then i relized tht he talks about sex and himself most of the time . the only rapper tht i like is eminem cuz he doesnt talk about himself all the damn time . And since eminem is on this tht the only reason tht it gets a 1 star review . If u want 2 listin 2 music , listin 2 Rock N ' Roll
 Massacre feels like a commercial rehash of the excellent Get Rich or Die Tryin ' . Not any memorable songs on this album and the lyrics are brain-dead . The beats are rotten for the most part . There are a few stand-out songs , but looking at the album compared to 50 's previous album and even other G-Unit albums this is a huge step backward.Reccomended songs
 im not goin lie ... anyone can get caught up in some hype.and i was a victim of 50 cent 's hype with his first album.if you want to listen to some nice dre beats , nice catchy hooks , and like to hear about someone rapping about how much times they got shot then go cop get rich or die tryin ... and now this sophmore album `` the massacre '' . . i knew he was goin sell just cuz of his name not cuz of the talent or lyrics and he had to be stupid to come at jadakiss or anybody in dblock . . this cat cant even hang with fat joe and latest news is hes thinking bout comin at the right now incarcerated cassidy.well all i got ta say is good luck !!! OH YEAH , THE ALBUM IS GARBAGE !!! LOL
 I ca n't stand this guy . I do n't even understanding the words that come out of his mouth . All I hear is a bunch of mumbling and slurring . I mean , does he rap the way he talks or does he talk the way he raps ? It does n't matter because 50 cent still sucks anyway . So he 's been shot a few times . Who cares ? There are fools out there who actually go out and buy his so-called music . I 've never heard this `` Massacre '' album before , but I can tell you for a fact that it 's wack . Whenever I hear any of his music on the radio , I just change the station . I 'll tell you what , anyone who likes and buys 50 Cents 's music deserves what they get
 50 Cent - The Massacre -LRB- G-Unit , 2005 -RRB- You love to hear the story . MC New Jack drops a great debut album but slips up on his second album . Yes , this is what 's known as the sophomore jinx and it happens to a lot of your favorite rappers
 Dont buy this . I burnt it from a friend and , I only like 1 song out of the whole cd and thats `` Hate it or Love it '' . I really like that song but other than that the cd is garbage . Use your money to buy a good cd .
 50 Cent is a disgrace to rap , and to music in general.SIDE NOTE : Metal_gangsta , YOU are the complete idiot . You say G-Unit is awesome , Public Enemy sucks , and call Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park metal . You better be kidding ! PE are possibly the best rap group of all time ! G-Unit sucks ! And for calling LP and LB metal , go buy a copy of Cephalic Carnage 's `` Anomalies '' and think those two bands are metal ! And hwile you 're at it , buy a copy of Public Enemy 's `` Fear of a Black Planet '' . With the side note being said , DukeOfEarl is right . 50 Cent has got to be the most overrated rapper of all time ! I could listen to this , but I 'd rather do something less painful , like papercutting my eye . For good rap , listen to Public Enemy , N.W.A. , KRS-One , Nas , The Roots , Jurassic 5 , Beastie Boys , etc. . Just let this `` CD '' rot on the shelves .
 This cd is the worst i have ever heard there r only a couple songs that r decent do not buy this garbage you will be waisting your hard earned money on this i did . If u want 50 get his Get rich or die trying album way better than this . Thats all I got ta say about this !
 I gave it 2 stars because it has some pretty good production , but if I were only judging lyrics , this album is a zero.This album is dissapointing at best , no matter how you look at it . If you want a CD with great beats , this CD is definitely above average in its beat production , but does n't even come close to standing up to 50 's first CD or Game 's beats , and production is supposed to get better over time . Lyrically , after listening to other younger G Unit members Game and Lloyd Banks recently , it 's almost painful to listen to how bad 50 's flow is.On both his singles he says the same phrase `` take it to the next level . '' The CD is full of meaningless phrases like this that only affirm that 50 has n't taken it `` to the next level '' lyrically , instead he 's fallen off . The line that pisses me off more than any of the other pointless phrases he says is on the song everyone 's heard
 This is n't music , this is a product . It tries to sell itself with cheap commercial tactics/lyrics , and it is n't worth a minute of your time . 50 cent is an insult to the word `` musician '' , `` artist '' or anything or the sort . I do n't even got to have good taste to hate this .
 come on people ... look at the album cover , its a hood-rich version of the HULK ... 50 obviously gave in to the demands of the mainstream and is lovin it , as hes pleasin plenty of 40 year old real-estater 's -LRB- alongwith their wives -RRB- , and clueless 13 year old 's who claim 50 is a lyrical genious ... be real people.-rbsambo
 50 CENT IZ DA BOMB !! HE IZ MY FAV RAPPER OV ALL DA TIME !!!!! HE IZ EVAN BETTA DAN EMINEM AND KAYNE WEST WICH R OLSO GOOOOD !!!!! DA SONG CANDY SHOP IS DA BEST SONG EVA !!! AND I LOVE HIS KLIPS !! PICK UP DIS ALBUM AND HIZ PEVIOUS GET RICH OR DIE TRYIN DEY R DA BEST ALBUMS OV ALL DA TIME !!!!! FORGET 2PAK AND PABLIK ENAMY DEY R POZERS AND R NO MACH FOR 50 CENT !!!!! If you are a 50 cent fan then you probably believed that . All I have to say about this album has already been said , just read the 1 star reviews . Oh , and the song ` Candy Shop ' is maybe the worst song ever next to Limp Bizkit 's ` Eat You Alive ' .
 50 CENT CD IS THE WORST HE DID N'T CHANGED HIS STYLE AT ALL IN HIS MUSIC.THE BEATS ON THE ALBUM ARE N'T BAD BUT HE SHOULD STOP SINGING AND RAP ABOUT SOMETHING HE REALLY FEELS INSTEAD OF TALKING DOWN ABOUT OTHER ARTIST.THE SONG HE HAS OUT NOW WITH MOBB DEEP IS N'T BAD BUT HE NEEDS STOP THINKING HIS THE SH*T AND STEP HIS GAME UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a sad excuse for a rap album . Hell , this is not even rap . This CD is tight beats with some idiot TRYING to rap . 50 has no lyrical talent . He may be good for a hook here and there but let 's face it , he ca n't rap . Mainstream rap today has destroyed what true rap is . This has to be one of the worst CDs I have ever heard . If it were n't for the beats , this would get a big fat zero . I guess it is n't hard to sell records when you have producers like Scott Storch , Hi-Tek , Em and Dre despite how talentless you are . I would stongly urge whoever reads this not not waste your money on this album but rather on a Big Pun , Tech N9ne , Brotha Lynch , Chino Xl , or a Big L CD .
 50 Cent is another weak emcee of mainstream rap . The beats shine yet his lyrics lack any thought . No need to go in the details of the tracks because there is nothing special about any one . 50 Cent had his good days in the past , but now he just releases garbage . Pickup Common , Canibus , Jedi Mind Tricks , some intelligent rappers -- do n't waste your money on this brainless rapper 's album .
 This CD is by far the worst piece of s ** t that I have ever had the misfortune to let grace my presence . This has to be the worst thing to happen to rap since Vanilla Ice . This guy has no `` flow '' , no sense of rhyme or rhythm , and on top of it , I do n't think he comprehends English very well . I truly believe that I could take a s ** t , record it and burn it to a CD , and have it mean than this load of garbage that he tries to pass of as an album . It is quite obvious that he is only in the industry for the money , and when an artist is motivated by nothing more that greed and self satisfaction , then there is no good that can possibly be attributed to their work , if you can call it work .
 This is absolute trash , giving it one star is way too generous . I remember back in the day where `` musicians '' could read , write , and play instruments and gave great music like rock and roll . This is not music if you want the `` real stuff '' listen to Led Zeppelin , AC/DC , Def Leppard , Black Sabbath , Pink Floyd , Guns 'N' Roses , Van Halen , Motley Crue , Ozzy Osbourne , Jimi Hendrix , Metallica , The Beatles , Poison , Whitesnake , and so many others . They 'll show you what real music is . The Massacre and Get Rich and whatever it is should be used as frisbees instead .
 I 've got nearly 300 hip hop cds from old school new school and underground so I have alot to compare this cd too . And the fact that this cd even sold 100 copies is just sad . 50 is and has always been hot beats over lazy hooks . And now that Dre did only 2 beats it shows.The only thing sellin his albumn is his image , which means nothing to me . His diss track `` Piggy Bank '' is hot not because of what is said but who hes dissin . I mean seriously are you gon na put 50 in the same `` hemisphere '' as Nas and Jada . Disco Inferno and Candy Shop is jus something to play in the clubs tap your feet to and move on.The funniest thing about this albumn is that hes singing throughout the cd when he was getting at Ja Rule for doing the same thing . I do n't like both of them but I prefer Ja 's singing over 50 if I had to choose . Do n't let me get started on some of his other tracks like `` Ghatman and Robin '' . Get Rich or Die Trying was officail but that was then this is now . The only hot songs on this Lp were `` My Hood '' and `` Hate It or Love It remix '' . I took time out of my day to tell you whats really poppin . Go buy a Mobb Deep or Jay Z cd or something . Pleaaaaassssse !!!!!!!!
 Gosh , I freakin HATE rap music ! All of it sucks ! And rappers are n't even musicians period ! How is talking into a microphone -LRB- yes , not singing , but talking -RRB- with a bunch of stupid rhyming words with some keyboard in the background doing a loop , playing the same notes over and over again talented ? I do n't like rap music , my mom and dad do n't like rap music , my little brother does n't like rap music , and my friends do n't like rap music -LRB- except for the majority of white girls that I know ... yes , not only do black people like this stuff but white girls do too , and I know , because I know alot of white girls -RRB- The only thing rap music is good for is dancing parties . That 's the ONLY thing . Other than that , you ca n't really buy an album , put it in your stereo , sit down , listen to it , and then call it music , because it just is n't . All rap music is about is wearing corn-rows , wearing do rags , wearing `` Gangsta '' style clothing , wearing Nike and Rebok Classic s ** tty shoes , wearing `` bling bling '' and talking trash about other rappers/musicians/people on your interviews , on MTV , ect , ect , talking trash and constantly cursing in all of your music , saying the N word in all of your songs , saying incredibly uneducated , uncivilized , stupid phrases like `` Hey , WAD up , BRO '' or `` Hey , look bro , dat be my ni *** r right derrrr ! '' in public and trying to look bad ass . Is that really your idea of professional talent or professional , amazing musicianship ? If so , then you must have a completely screwed up way of thinking . It 's incredibly stupid . Rap is stupid , gangster clothing is stupid , and anything related to that is just stupid . I mean really , you ca n't practice an instrament to rap music , which is proof that rap is n't really music . Do you ever hear about REAL musicians listening to this stuff or about REAL musicians talking about how they practice their INSTRAMENTS to this stuff , becuase no one does . Or if you do , you 'd just be playing the same 3 notes over and over again . This 50 Cents character walks around on TV like he 's so cool and he thinks he 's the s ** t when he 's probably just a wimp on the inside trying to make himself look tough just so people automatically give respect . To get true respect you do n't talk about yourself extremely high and brag on yourself , or constantly walk around with an `` I do n't give a f**k '' attitude or walk around with a hardcore expression on your face that says `` Get the f**k out my face '' And I know what I 'm talking about , because I ran into all sorts of people in real life who act that way . If you have to go around constantly , continuously projecting an `` I 'm badass '' image for all of your music , on TV , in front of your family , friends , fans , and just everyone else in general , then you are n't a TRUE musician . You 're just in it for the image , popularity , fame , and money , but do n't give a s ** t less about your actual MUSIC . This reminds me of other stupid rappers as well like Lil Bow Wow , and Lil Romeo , they all think they 're so cool , and think they 're hard . And speaking of Lil Romeo , have you happened to see his show on Nickelodeon ? On like every episode he thinks he 's tough stuff , and his ego is incredibly way too big . Same with the majority of rappers out there , it 's the same crap . Not only that but rappers do n't even PLAY an instrument , so how can you look up to them , say they 're your role models , wear the same stupid gangster clothing that they do , and then call them `` musicians '' ? It 's really sad , disturbing , and sickening once you think about it . All you have to do is take away a rappers microphone and he ca n't perform anymore . I guess a microphone is supposed to be considered as a `` Musical Instrument '' these days , becuase that 's the only thing that rappers need to do concerts with . If you 're going to buy a stupid trashy no-talent non-instrament playing album like this then you might as well just literrally throw 15 dollars out your window ... and hey , who knows , maybe someone might find that 15 dollars , and use it to buy an album that 's actually worth your time listening to . Try listening to some good hard heavy metal , like Lamb of God , Necrohpagist , Static-X , System of a Down , As I Lay Dying ect , and you wont be disapointed
 50 cent is not a musician he has no talent along with the rest of the stupid rappers that you are buying cd 's of , every cd is the same talking about money , drugs , guns , and mistreatment of women -- if you think these things are so cool I would like to see you engage in these activitys -- it is very sad that those 9 bullets did not kill Curtis `` 50 Cent '' Jackson ... the world would be a much better place
 O.K , 50 cent wins the award for WORST singer or rapper ever . Seriously , I absolutely can not stand any of his songs . They are rude , inappropriate , insulting and hateful . Where did all the good music go ? The music industry nowadays needs some major changes . If you are a parent reading this review do NOT let your children listen to this CD ! Believe me the songs are so disgusting and perverted , so please , please , please do get this CD !!!
 The reviewer `` Avid Reader '' or something to that effect , stated that he knew little of the psychology behind rap 's obsession or proclivity towards drugs , gangs , mistreatment of women and violence . Well unbeknownst to many Hip-Hop as it is called exists minimally to not at all , the music phenomena that is inclusive to artists such as 50 cent , Eminem and the like is actually called Rap , the specific term `` rap '' goes back to the early 1970s when men practiced melodramatic pick-up lines readily approach attractive females . Such is the reason why Rap espouses drugs , gangs , mistreatment of women , and violence , and also mandatory stints of incarceration , as well as being penetrated by multiple gunshots to develop clout and credibility . It is somewhat amazing that the connection between these circumstantial effects has been overlooked . Fact of the matter is , that for as many Rap artists that you can find whose careers are hinged upon such prefaces , you will find not to far off an equal number of same-sexuals no doubt.The mechanics of the phenomena work like so .1 -RRB- GANGS - Wanna-be thugs develop frustration at the dysfunction of their urban-based single-parent homes . Having to grow up without their fathers around , they do n't always learn how to quite effectively channel their masculine energies alongside their unguided explosive emotions . They end up overcompensating for the absence of their fathers being gone and so they become the man of the house prematurely . That is all fine until the mother seeks companionship from another male with whom the male ca n't exactly identify with and so the male child competes with the mother 's companion in every way , sometimes successfully except in the area of sex , similar to the Oedipus complex . Disgruntled from being unable to sexually compensate for the missing father , the male child withdraws emotionally and physically from the home and the mother that signify defeat as a rising young man . Physically abled but emotionally handicapped by default for the kind of success yearned for at home the male child joins a gang for emotional support and security after seemingly being rejected at home .2 -RRB- DRUGS - After joining the gang , like minded , emotionally starved preadolescents become pseudo-family supporting themselves emotionally in ways that only the ultra-hardcore thugs could appreciate like secret handshakes and gang signs and constant group hugs for every remedial accomplishment exemplified very well by the character Damon the ex-con from the Ice Cube movie `` Friday After Next '' . There is a limit to being close-knitted that thugs should adhere to because being around the same people in a gang all the time has a tendency to disclose some emotional vulnerabilities that self-professed bad-guys are sure to exploit among themselves for there is no honor among thieves , nor among killers that steal life as some profess to do . After a while there is that dude who wants to hug all the time because its supposed to be granted that all thugs have for emotional support is their fellow thugs , especially when the motto is `` life ai n't nuthin ' but money and f**k a b * tch '' . The drugs that thugs sell shackling the will-power of fiends , remind them of the power they did n't have at home in the face of the rival adult male or female , whom the fiends symbolize as adults . Pretty soon , the fiends ' dedication to the mind-altering substances spark the curiousity of the young thug-masters who from their distributing angle of drugs , wonder what the fascination with the dope is . Soon the thugs get high off of marijuana or crack even or both and in their intoxicated state for prolonged periods of time their pleasure pursuance finds its way into their hugging rituals and deforms into excess touching for self gratification .3 -RRB- MISTREATMENT OF WOMEN - The pre-manifestation of same-sexualism is delayed for a bit when the selling of drugs proves to be a somewhat lucrative venture that affords even the meanest mug a chance at having his way with a material-minded pleasure seeking female of good looks who would like nothing better than to wine , dine and skeeze the whole weekend or week through . Because she will do anything for the crew of thugs that have established their own criteria for what is cool and who can be down , chances are the groupie chick will have a sex train run upon her or she 'll be subject to the frustrated whims of a power-stricken wayward youth who may even sodomize her for the feeling of dominance over the symbol of his dominant mother . The introduction to physical and mental domination of one person over another is quite addictive and doubly so when the one who seeks to hold dominance is a drug addict as well and that includes those who think that by smoking `` tree '' everday they 're too cool to be labeled as a addict , naw they 're addicts too . Most addictions start off small and apparently harmless until one ca n't even readily afford the cigarettes that carry them over until the next `` get high '' . At any rate once one has had the hiney the punani sometimes is never tight enough again until that person grabs the reins over the substances that lead them out of control in the first place . Before you know it , these thugs if unchecked , start sodomizing the brakes off these big-butt , goofy chicks who will do anything for the glory . That 's why African-American females account for 72 % of HIV infections out of all female HIV infections of all ethnicities in the U.S. . The new recruits into the gang are initiated into the drugs , mistreatment of women , and are obligated to defend the ways of their gang lest they be parodied and made out to be laughing stocks among the other gangs with similar origins .4 -RRB- VIOLENCE - The violence is the result of the use of power to keep the cover over the same-sexualism that is the result of the misled , congregating for power-compensating youth of dysfunctional urban homes that ca n't get love from their biological fathers whom they love and miss . Like Public Enemy 's Chuck D said , one day the brothers gon na work it out.There will be those that attempt to refute Dr. Hip-Hop yet even Tupac who worked with Dr. Dre said Dre 's sexuality was fruity as Alize ' and G-Unit , come on know , 50-Cent dropped Vivica Fox after he been all wounded up , psss . . that ai n't right yo . That 's just like Jay-z does n't show any affection for Beyonce ' in public and there are mad cats that would scoop her right on up . Yo , Nas already said it about Jay-z , its Gay-z and Gay-Unit , we rock h * es they rock fellas and now they wan na take hip-hop 's spot fellas . Naw never that .
 Just like a few other reveiwers i saw so excited to get this album the songs 50 had bin braging about `` piggy bank '' `` candy shop '' `` disco inferno '' and `` ski mask way '' . But when it came to listening to the whole album ive tryed to like it honestly i have played it so many times n my cd player its just not working out this album is garbage and if u like it ur garbage plze dont purchase this crap.G-unit -LRB- used to be a fan until they kicked out game -RRB- Theyre rubbish 50 cent hes crap if u giv this less then 3 then u have taste people i aint hatin well not on 50 ne way on this silly excuse 4 an album .2 dre tracks wake up 50 ur nothing without dre !
 This album is sooo terrible , it sounds like a remix of his first cd , with some shots at nas , jadakiss , and fatjoe , among others , this cd blows , ive heard about you gettting shot a hundred times fifty , i dont care if you got a bunch of money and cars , so do another hundred million rappers , go back into the studio and get some lyrical content , or go get shot again and die , the only good thing i could see on this record were his beats , some of the beats were pretty good , but oh wait 50 doesnt make those , so 50 you pretty much suck .
 Interesting to see so many reveiws saying `` rap equals crap its not music . '' I listen to all forms of music from rock/classic rock -LRB- Pink Floyd * reuniting for live aid including R.Waters * , Led Zep , Nirvana , Sabbath -LRB- going to be at Ozzfest '05 nice , Alice in Chains , Tool , Deftones , Faith no More , Dead Meadow , etc. . -RRB- , jazz -LRB- Coltrane , Keith Jarrett , Brad Mehldau , Bill Evans -RRB- metal/industrial -LRB- Opeth , Nin , Fates Warning , Mudvayne -RRB- , classical -LRB- Choppin , Debussy -RRB- , and ofcourse rap ; you name it I probably listen to it . This is music , and the reason why is because its entertainment . Yes the lyrics talk about murder , sex , and drugs , but if your foolish enough to beleive in what they are saying then you have problems . I go to the movies and see the same subject , because its entertainment and thats what its meant for . However , I do agree that most rap artist dont have much creative talent , and it is sad to see a musician like Keith Jarrett selling less than a million albums for some of the most creative music ever played -LRB- check out Sun Bear Concert box set - amazing music -RRB- . With that said this album lacks in several categories mainly lyrics . However , it does have good sound production i.e. beats . The sound production alone does not save this album . There are better Hip Hop artist worth listening to , Common , Mos Def , 50 has become stale and repetitive . . G. . G. . G. . G. Unit ... WACK ... im tired of hearing it.P.s . I have a great appreciation for musicians , I know how much effort it takes to play an instrument well ... I play the piano
 Amazingly enough , I Now have a worst album to talk about , the album is the massacre , this is an historic landmark for me in the 20 years since I 've been to florida , this is the closest thing for me to not buying the album nor downloading any song from the album on the internet and when I Look at the experience , I Wish I Had.I Thought every single song -LRB- except baltimore love thing -RRB- is absolutely horrible especially candy shop which is the worst song I Have ever seen.The Beats is horrible , the writing is horrible and the GGGGG G-Unit catch phrase is the worst catch phrase creation of all time.This is possibly the lead contender for the worst album of 2005 and will be tied with Beg for mercy for the worst album of this decade.and there is no reason for 50 and his trashy group to be in the music industry on any level.Here I Thought 98 % Percent of the bad rap was gon na be the worst I Listen to in my life , believe it or not one star reviewersThe Massacre and 50 is even worse.A Big Thumbs Down for Me on the MassacreMusic Rating
 This CD aint even worth buying , it aint even worth burning this has to be the worse CD i ever heard in my life , he has lost all his rap he should of retired after the first CD cause this one is junk he disses Fat Joe and Jadakiss on Piggy Bank what a dumb @ $ $ like they didnt even have any beef with this @ $ $ clown Jada is so gon na tear him apart im waiting , and then this thing happens with him and Game like this boy fiddy needs some serious help the steroids are wearing his brain down like fat joe says in XXL . Wait til All or Nothing by Fat Joe Drops yo'all be busting to that cd its well worth a buy but Fiddy 's Massacre sure is a massacre to listen to .
 This CD was way over hyped by 50 himself . There 's a couple of gems on this cd , but for the most part , it 's a whole lot of filler . The good songs are just that
 yo this album is garabage i got to explain some stuff to people who like this dude now , he aint the same no more , he aint the 50 cent i knew on the get rich or die trying label , he aint real , he is fake as it gets first of all , he raps about guns and how he will kill someone , 50 WHO THE LaST PERSON YOU SHOT . Abgout 5 years ago son go somewhere with that . Rap albums are supposed to be about what you are doing now and what you have been through at that time , not 6 years go people . He aint real this album go from candy shop to Gatman and Gatman and Robin , that song is garabage and this album is to . He repeats himself over and over and over agian in every gun track , and raps about the same thing when he raps about women , dancing and hitting on every ONE . For real people he aint the same , In da Club was a hit but it wasnt even his trak it was d12 's originally so he puts a twist on it and now he is god , go somewhere with that people , he got shot 9 times ok we get it now 50 , you aint no artist and you about to get demolished by Nas , you got Destroyed by Jada and fat joe is just playing around with a artist like you kid , This Album is garabage , i dont know why everyone is expecting the second album to be garabage , it was supposed to be antoehr classic , Nas , jAY-Z , bIGGIE , ALL THERE SOPHMORE ALBUMS WAS JUST AS GOOD AS THE FIRST ONE SO WHY CANT 50 DO IT CUASE HE AINT REAL NO MORE AND HE IS JUST TRYING TO CHART NOT BE A REAL ARTIST
 THIS IS NOT REAL HIP HOP.THIS IS GARBAGE .
 The game murdered all of g-unit on that 300bars track he told the thruth about that rat that is 50 cent . I would ` nt get this album if it was free
 well , all i can say is that this is NOT his best work . I 'd rather listen to chingy or fat joe . If you 're looking for some good 50 cent , then i highly reccomend you get `` Guess Who 's Back ? '' . Heck , even `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' '' tryin was better then this garbage .
 First , I am not a big fan of 50 Cent or G-Unit . Personally , I think he does not have the lyrical content that other artists have . He makes a lot of dance music in my opinion.His second album `` The Massacre '' is what it is . 50 Cent still lacks the lyrical content that other MCs have . Also , his rhymes just do not flow like other MCs . This album to me is more like Pop Rap/Clubbin ' music than anything.The disses on Nas , Jadakiss , and Fat Joe from `` Piggy Bank '' were wack . When you wan na battle/diss someone , say something meaningful or funny . It was neither of those things . And when you take on someone whose lyrical content is miles above yours -LRB- Nas and Jada 's rhymes -RRB- , you got ta bring it.I liked `` Gattman and Robbin '' mainly for Em 's verse.I liked the `` Hate it or love it '' Remix because of everyone else 's verses except 50 . When I first heard the beginning , the beat was the same and 50s lyrics were the same . I thought I have this freakin song on the Game 's album , but then the Game dropped a different verse and other G-unit members dropped verses too . Thank God.Every other song is very mediocre . There are some catchy beats , but not enough to save or avoid the massacre.If you like pop rap/hip hop clubbin music and this album is perfect for you . If you want lyrical content and real hip hop , I suggest you look elsewhere.I gave this 2 stars because it is catchy hip hop clubbin music so it should appeal to some people .
 Rap/Hip-hop has taken the wrong turn thanks to peeps like 50 cent . He makes people like me who actually cherish good music almost despise rap . 50 Cent raps about the same stuff , he has no game he barely even switches up his raps and if he does , he does n't sound original or even good . His voice has lil character , nothing like Jay-Z who has a million an 1 different types of flows . Even Eminem has more lyrical character then 50 Cent . 50 Cent is never gon na be embraced the way that he once was . I 'm so glad people are over that finally . I used to be a hardcore fan of his at that . I loved the first CD , but since this is his sophmore CD should n't it be better then the first ?
 I 'm tired of it man , just plain tired . 50 Cent is talentless , he lacks the ability to flow , speak clearly & rhyme like the greats in the industry . His music is catchy , his hooks are catchy and that is the only reason that his albums do well . Lyrically he is one of the worst rappers in the game . Strip away the hot beat for `` Candy Shop '' and tell me what exactly is he saying , nothing . The beat is what prepelled the single to be as big as it was , and with a chorus , so simple that a 10 year old could have written it , it gets caught in your head . If I were 50 , I would be embarrased to release these albums . How do you call yourself a man of the streets , a gangster , a thug when you are putting out the records you release . The facade , the image , and the pure horrible music have got to go . It 's people like 50 Cent that bring unwanted , negative press to the industry . He is a media whore a la Britney Spears , only `` in making himself look good '' , he is damaging a culture 's reputation ; one that true artists with great skill and determination built up . All their hard work is being destroyed and the once positivity & fun behind hip hop is gone.Sure 50 Cent is n't the only person that is responsible for it , but he is a great deal of it . Chris Rock put it best at the MTV Video Music Awards `` I have n't heard anything good about the record , no reviews , nothing that would make me want to buy it at all ; all you ever hear is HE GOT SHOT 9 TIMES '' . His debut album was decent , I 'm not going to deny it , he brought it a lot harder than he did hear . I would be mortified to release this album , especially considering that Young Buck & Game -LRB- who is no longer a member of G-Unit -RRB- have released solo albums that are 10 times better than 50 's , and they are supposed to be his protogees.First , do you honestly mean to tell me that you could n't find anything better than `` Candy Shop '' to release as a single ? Turns out that has miserable as that song is , its probably one of the album 's better moments -LRB- due heavily to a fantastic beat & a guest appearence by promising RnB diva Olivia -RRB- . `` In my Hood '' is laughable , but possibly the album 's most comdeic moment comes in the form of `` Piggy Bank '' . Besides a horific chorus , 50 disses & announces HE BELIEVES TO BE BETTER AT RAPPING than Fat Joe , Shyne , Jadakiss & Nas , the latter two are artists are questionably two of the best of all time . Is he kidding ? He even goes after Lil Kim , who lets be honest , even though she is a female , lyrically she would tear him to shreds . `` Everybody 's listening , c'mon everybody 's listening man '' he boasts on `` Piggy Bank '' , but I can guarantee that 's not the case . An obligatory guest appearence by hip hop 's former golden-boy turned has been Eminem on `` Gatman & Robin '' & Academy award winning actor turned singer Jamie Foxx on `` Build You Up '' still could n't boost enough interest , so 50 had to stage a publicitiy stunt , this time being getting shots fired at him leaving Hot 97 radio station in NY . You ca n't be serious . It seems him and fellow exhibitionist Paris Hilton have the best luck when it comes time to increase media coverage when a project is ready to come out . Please , my guess is the whole thing was staged , hell it was the shots fired at him that made the people buy the first record . It 's a shame that thats what it has come to.I can go on forever about how bad the record is and what a waste 50 is , but why bother , his music and actions speak for themselves . I could n't imagine seeing him around for much longer .
 50 Cent only has a three good songs on here . I was very disappointed when I purchased this album . 50 Cent needs to stop trying to make his own beats . He needs to let Eminem & Dr. Dre produce all of his beats until he gets the hang of it . I hope the next aftermath cd is better than this .
 dont even waste your time with this garbage . the dude has no talent and he is makin money off you retards who buy this ... this isnt rap . this is just talentless garbage . the only talent that 50 cent has is being a comercial sell out who knows how to sucker stupid people into buying his music.if you truely love rap . i suggest hieroglyphics .
 50 cent is hands down the most overated , overhyped , overexpoesd , rapper of all time . I 'm not gon na even lie , I actually thougt he was tight on his underground rap music . But ever since he got discoverd by Emenem and Dre and came out W / Get Rich , He 's been wack ever since . Nowadays , he 's nothing more then a markiting tool . 50 cent as an artist , is a joke , plain and simple . I ca n't believe that the media actually had the odassady to compare this gap toothed clown to Tupac Shakur . Tupac is the greatest and most important rapper of all time . 50 cent is the M.C. Hammer of Gansta Rap , and like Tupac 's song , it is absolute `` Blasphemy '' for those two to ever be put in the same sentence -LRB- unless it 's similer to the sentence I 've just written -RRB- . I was so happy when The Game murdered -LRB- lyrically -RRB- fiddy and the also overated -LRB- although young buck , L - banks and Tony Yayo are all probably better rappers then fiddy -RRB- G-unit . He finally exposed 50 cent as the trick made wack phoney he is . Out of respect for Hip Hop do not subscribe to this Jerk , unless you enjoy talentless , substaceless , and most of all meaningless music .
 this cd was n't that great , definitely was n't a massacre , all tracks sound alike do to his flow , same thing over n over again , needs to think of sumden different , best song was ` i 'm supposed to die tonight ' em 's n dre 's production save this one , i did like most songs to an extent but some was just wack n most lyrics from em sucked but whateva he gon ' do what he do n keep gettin rich so good luck to him , the get rich or die tryin ' soundtrack is pretty nasty though , he stepped some of his game up on it but it 's still the same flow , oh well cd 's not bad , i would n't recommend it , get that new soundtrack instead
 This is a terrible , absolutely terrible piece of tarnished junk , that would make even rapper cuban link look embarrassed , I Thought every single song -LRB- except baltimore love thing -RRB- is a piece of trash , the beats are horrible , the lyrics is horrible , the cover is truly dreadful and the GGGGGGG G-UNIT ! Catch phrase which I Still think is defintely the worst catch phrase creation of all time.This has got to be the lead contender for the worst album of 2005 , and if this is a good album , then I Will cry.Next up for the 5-0 G-Unit disaster tony mayo.The Massacre is a tarnished mess.Big , Big , Big thumbs Down , Down , DownMusic Rating 0.1 No Stars .
 there was a time when even radio hip hop had a decent message and the artists had talent . those days appear to be dead with a few exceptions . unfortunately 50 cent is not one of these exceptions . he is just another example of a rapper made famous by mtv and clear channel , tv and radio corporations run almost entirely by rich white people who know very little about actual music , which this is not . If you are looking for REAL hip hop , the first thing you should do is turn off your radio and your tv . Get your hands on some of the great old school and underground music that still exists and free your mind from this senseless BS and propaganda . you wo n't be sorry and then you will realize how foolish you were to ever listen to this stuff .
 THIS ENTIRE CD WAS STRAIGHT UP TRASH -LRB- THE VIDEOS , COVER/ART WORK , PRODUCTION ETC -RRB- & THESE WERE THE ONLY SONGS I LIKED A LITTLE `` In My Hood '' , `` This Is 50 '' , `` I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight '' !!!
 Candy Shop - 4/5Just A Lil Bit - 3/5Disco Inferno - 4.5 / 5Hate It Or Love It -LRB- Remix -RRB- - 4.5 / 5All Others
 I 'm going to keep this short and simple . The truth is , the material on this CD is n't the best from 50 Cent . There are a few good songs that you can listen to over and over , most of the beats on the CD are pretty good , and basically that is it . If you are a `` gangster '' or a person who likes to play loud rap music in their car , this is for you . If you do n't fall into this category , I 'm sorry , but you 'll end up being quite disappointed .
 I can see why some one would try to shoot 50 ... Honestly idk why any one likes 50 cent & why would anybody in their right mind buy this garbage ? Hip hop ain been the same since the 90 's still there 's some mc 's who still try to save it but sadly if we keep getting lil john , gay unit , dipset and all that commercial trash that killed the real hip hop in the first place ? it will die.Anyways , 50 cent 's `` the massacre '' is simply weak , wack , boring , dumb , annnoying voice by 50 and one more thing ? G unit been on mtv trl before so i heard ... This is girly rap & pop mainstream garbage at its worst . Just my opinion peace out ! 50 stop trying to be like pac cause you 'll never get close to his talent and stop taking off your shirt you bi tch a ss nu gga!Soft , fruit cake 50 cent and the rest of the c ock sucka z in g unit .
 i know biggie and pac rap about money and cars ... but they didnt kill it . . the rappers nowadays all they do is rap obout their riches ... and pac and biggie were originals ... the SKI MASK WAY song was originaly from biggie who says it in a few songs such as Flava In Ya Ear Remix ... i am not a hater i speaking the truth . . yes 50 cent is average for rap nowadays but im sick of this rap ... the rap game needs something original ... 50 cent is using beef to sells more records ... pac and biggie did that ... he wants to die of gun wounds ... pac and biggie did that ... everyone is listening to pac and biggie and eazy e and NWA and BONE THUGS still after over 10 years ... this shows how the rap game is changed ... yes we need some underground cats to come up and put some original flow into this rap game ... and u cant call me a hater because the majority of the people reveiw this cd gave it 1 star also.aftermath `` hero ''
 Not much else I can say about this CD that has n't already been said . There are some decent beats on this album and that 's why I gave it 1 star . 50 Cent is a bad rapper -LRB- and even those that enjoy this album should agree -RRB- . He has nothing new to offer and the ONLY reason he became such a huge hit is because of the help Eminem & Dr.Dre gave him . I highly recommend that you spend your $ somewhere else . This CD will get old really quick .
 Though this album has 22 songs , only a few -LRB- ~ 7 songs -RRB- are listenable . All the rest is the song that everybody can compose ... Anyway , see what you are going to expect from this album . If an album with a few hits does not disappoint you , go get it , at least you can get Disco Inferno , Candy Shop . These are above average songs . If you want an album full of hits , avoid this one and go get the Game 's `` Documentary '' . This is far much better .
 This album is the biggest dissapointment . Theres nothing new or unique , just plain old garbage with weak beats and poor lyrics . -LRB- two Dr. Dre beats ... THAT 'S IT !!! and the song with Eminem sucks ass ! -RRB- This does n't compare at all to GET RICH ' . This is n't even worth downloading . It 's pure crap !!! If you want to listen to real rap , listen to The Game , Dr. Dre , Snoop Dogg , Jay-z , Nas , or NWA , or anything but this crap . Im sorry to tell you this 50 , but your time is up as a rapper . Just give up , it 's over , go back to Queens and do n't ever come back without all Dr. Dre beats .
 To sum it all up real quick
 This is just a bunch of rambling with some clueless lyrics . `` Fiddy Cent '' is a sad excuse for rap and should not be listened too . He treats women like sexual objects , you ca n't understand what the hell he 's saying half the time , and he 's friends with other losers like Tony Yayo and The Game . If you want real rap check out Cypress Hill or Public Enemy instead . If you want awesome lyrics check out bands like Type O Negative or My Dying Bride .
 First , I want to say that it 's stupid that rock lovers and rap haters are rating rap albums.I have been through the most in hip-hop , but I still think this album is some of the worst I 've heard ... People should know better than buying this album . Go buy yourself 36 chambers by the Wu-Tang and Moment of truth by Gang Starr . It 's two legendary rap albums . When you 've listened to them , you 've got a start . QUIT BYING THIS CRAP !
 Yeah this CD has some decent beats - so what ... thats the problem with rap fans nowadays , most just want a nice beat that they can shake their ass to in a club - lyrically the artist does n't have to say a thing , which is the ONLY reason why this record has sold 4 million copies .50 Cent is a joke ... anyone who has seen the MTV special `` All Eyez on 50 Cent
 I was disapointed `` Get Rich or Die Tryin '' was better `` Guess Whos Back ? '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- was better it just sounds all the same with a few good songs.a baltimore love thing is good and gat man and robbin is good the rest of it blends together it dose not sound like anything on games ems or any other g unit album or the 2050 before the massacre mixtape .
 All I can say is I told you all so . 50 is , how can I say this , WACK !! Anybody who likes this album is on 50 's severely on 50 's nutsac . Let me get to the point . 50 had the nerve to diss , let me rephrase that , try to diss Nas , Fat Joe , and Jadakiss . Let just say something now . I kind of agree with Fat Joe when he said `` Those steroids are finally starting to get to him '' How dare he even say anything to Nas , a rap legend and possibily the best to ever pic up a mic . What 's wrong with 50 , did n't he hear `` Ether '' ! Eminem or somebody needs to pull 50 to the side and let him know he just signed his own DEATH CERTIFICATE !! I 'd be surprised is Nas even responded to that pathetic excuse for a diss song . It probably was amusing to him . 50 is beneath him , and that 's just how it is , just accept it . I 'm sure Fat Joe and Jadakiss , especially Jadakiss , will dispose of him quickly , before he can even get to the general.Now for the review of the album . The album is what I expected WACK !! It 's way worse than his first album . At least his first album was descent , worthy of about 3 1/2 stars . This is inexcusable . There are 22 tracks of pure booty !! There are two good tracks , `` I 'm Supposed To Die Tonight '' and '' Baltimore Love Thing '' , in which he bites Nas severely . In conclusion 50 is wack and has no lyrical ability whatever . He 's not even the best rapper on his label , much less the best in the rap game .50 , IF YOU CARED ANYTHING ABOUT HIP-HOP AND WHAT IT STANDS FOR YOU 'D RETIRE !!
 Because of the whole rap industry that has been overruled by MTV , 50 Cent is a piece of human garbage and the fact that society glamorizes this kind of music and rewards such low lifes is absolutely appalling . He 's a former drug dealer , a former street hustler , and a former gang member with the Bloods and should be wearing an orange jump suite and picking up trash on the side of the road as opposed to being a huge superstar . He has no grasp of the English language and like most rappers , has absolutely no musical talent . Rap is only popular because it panders to people whose intelligence level is of the lowest common denominator and many youths get brainwashed by this music because of MTV . Unlike real musicians who play their own instruments and have actually read a book in their lifetime , rappers like 50 Cent just get on the mic and start spouting off a bunch of Ebonics and white kids eat it up . The same stupid white kids who would get robbed , car jacked and beaten within an inch of their life if they ever rolled thru 50 's `` hood '' after dark . They say every fad eventually comes to an end -LRB- i.e. Disco , Hair Metal , Grunge , Alternative , etc. -RRB- and that being true , I will be so glad when this Hip Hop craze bites the dust like many of its `` artists '' normally do . I mean , what happened to being a musician ? To actually `` playing an instrument '' and `` creating '' your own music ? '' I do n't think a bunch of former gang members , drug dealers , and street criminals prancing around on stage dressed like they 're about to parachute out of an airplane while hooting and hollering saying `` what , what , what , what ... '' over and over and over again counts as music . There is something wrong with our society when success lies in being a street criminal turned rapper and not through hard work , education , and being a decent member of the human race.Rap is like any other genre ; 95 % of it is crap . Judging rap by , say , this song , is like judging rock and roll by watching MTV and claiming what they show represents the whole . Rap has a quality control issue largely because there are a lot of people who feel they still have to defend it as a genre , and so are less than willing -LRB- except when talking among themselves -RRB- to condemn cruddy hip hop , for fear that they 're somehow giving comfort to their critics . Rap at its best is about `` skills . '' Having heard groups like Eric B and Rakim -LRB- on tracks like `` Follow the Leader , '' -RRB- Run DMC -LRB- Peter Piper -RRB- , Pete Rock and CL Smooth -LRB- Mecca and the Soul Brother -RRB- , Public Enemy -LRB- `` By the Time I Get to Arizona '' -RRB- , and even lesser known groups like Group Home -LRB- Livin ' Proof -RRB- , I find it hard to give any credit at all to guys like 50 Cent who just do not impress me . And it is pretty amazing the way complete moral degenerates have become heroes in the rap world . I 'm hardly an expert on hip hop , but to me the idea of hip hop was , you have these underpriviliged kids living in urban squalor , a place which a lot of white folks considered `` cultureless . '' No money for textbooks , not to mention musical programs ... but wait , dad 's got an old turntable he does n't use ... And maybe I ca n't sing but I have a story to tell , and I can tell it in a rhythm most drummers could n't even drum . Rhyming , DJing , graffiti , and breakdancing - the sum of the parts greater than the whole ... Now it is true that * anyone * can rap ; at least anyone with working vocal chords . The issue is that not everyone can rap * well * and the best MCs really are talented , even though , if you 've been raised on the Top 40 garbage of the last 10 years , you might not understand this . One would think that if you lived in a crime-ridden ghetto you 'd be appalled by the violence , drug addiction , and all of the other plagues of inner city life , and you 'd want to build a scene , a united front against all of this . I do n't see how much of what is played on the radio or television contributes anything positive . Moral bankruptcy seems to be the baseline these days as does constant , never-ending bragging about sexual escapades , tossing money in slow motion to the camera , outright sexism , and in some cases glorification of a violent , criminal lifestyle . Worse yet , so many of the people who slog this garbage and call it art never want to take responsibility for what they say or do . They can advocate any kind of degeneracy , and when challenged , fall back on the cop-out that they 're `` just reporting life , like it is . '' You know what that is ? That 's being bodgy-made . That 's all it is . And the vast majority of people who want to say whatever they want , however they want , and dodge responsibility when people ca n't tell if they 're advocating something , reporting on something they saw , or mere high-school braggadocio , are indeed , just a bunch of lame , low-life punks . And if you are honest about advocating selling drugs -LRB- and wrecking lives -RRB- , shooting people , whatever , to me you 're just a criminal , and any idiot can be a criminal . It is not ennobling . The rap world needs to start recognizing quality and talent when it comes around and through what they lay their money down for in record stores , start encouraging talent rather than pimping out anything that comes along that calls itself hip-hop . Hint
 im not 13 or younger.I waited for a long time for this special ed . ablum . But it is a disappoinment . THe music videos suck . THey are plain , boring , and lame . THe songs all suck except for the one with Jamie Foxx . SOngs all have the same beat and seem repetitive to one another .
 the only reason i even gave this album 2 stars is because the joint ` baltimore love thing ` but all the other trakson this album is garbage and if i hear ` candy shop ` one mo ginimma have somebody shoot me 9x to put me out my misery .50 cent got as much lyrical genius as lil jon and eastside boyzand that dont say much ... how much brains does it take to makea hook out of cliggity clank , piggy bank ... anybody that keeps thiscommercial bs in rotation is the exact desease thats crippling hip hop today , and they need to be thrown in the fireright along with this booboo excuse for an album.money dont make you a great mc , mike skillz , hunger , hard work , anddetermination does .50 cent once had it but now he 's like a washed up heavyweight champ thats been knocked thru tha ropes.somebody please throw in tha towel b4 this man gets hurt ... and oh yea trust , he dont want it wit joe crack and kiss they bove ya level playa . peace and luv
 LETS B 4real . 50 Cent is a one album wonder . his name is selling this album because it surely is n't the music . I really did n't like his first one . 75 % of his new cd sounds like something he has done before , 4 Ex
 man i used to really like 50 when he dropped ` gte rich or die tryin ' and he was solid in the ` beg for mercy ' album with his homeboys g-unit , he had some fire tracks in the new Game album , -LRB- how we do , hate it or love it , westside story -RRB- so i had big expectations for ` the massacre ' . But it really disipoints me , i mean he talks about the same old s *** , he does n't give us anything new , i mean do n't get me wrong , there are some really good tracks here , like my fav . ` Boltimore love thing ' and ` gatman & robin ' ` i 'm supposed to die tonight ' ` piggy bank ' ` outta control ' ` position of power ' . But when i read his latest interview 50 said ` the massacre ' is better then ` get rich ' and i strongly disagrre , ` get rich ' was a classic but this one is not even a good album . But i guess it will still sell because of who he is and ` cuz of all the beef his involved in and he did a big mistake by droppin The Game from his crew . Anyway if u are a true 50 fan then you 'll probably like this but i did n't , so just listen to it first before buyin it.OUTLAW
 50 Cent is one of the most publicized rappers of all time . He 's like the Michael Moore of rap , wherever he steps controversy arises . What is up with well respected rappers making horrible albums as of late ? First , many were left disappointed with Eminem 's `` Encore '' attempts which hardly left fans feeling satisfied . And while 50 brought it on his two singles `` Disco Inferno '' and `` Candy Shop '' those two songs are hardly good enough reason to buy this album . `` Candy Shop '' is his lead single , which is a great song . It 's great for many reasons , because 50 seemed to actually care about it , Olivia is a promising RnB diva in waiting , and the violin instrumentals give it that great touch . But else where on this album , it all falls flat.While `` Piggy Bank '' may have an awesome beat and it 's fun , he makes himself out to be more of a pig than ever . He calls out Fat Joe , Jadakiss , Shyne , Lil ' Kim , Kelis , Nas ... what have they ever done ? Just because Fat Joe and Jadakiss worked with Ja Rule gives him no real ligament reason to call them out . Lil ' Kim and Nas could tear 50 apart if they were to ever get on mic and battle it out.Elsewhere in the album , `` Gatman and Robin '' even Eminem who is a highly successful and talented rapper -LRB- despite his last album -RRB- could n't save this song . `` In My Hood '' was dreadful to the point I wanted to pull out my ears . This whole album was horrible . In his first album , though he would have never been my favorite , he still brought it and I respected that . But this album just crashed and burned .
 I am a die hard real hip hop fan and this CD is GARBAGE . It does not deserve the one star I gave him . Do n't buy his album . If you really want it , BURN IT . The cd is about him being angry at everyone . Would we even know who 50cent is if he did n't have beef with every one in the Rap game . And how dare he attack NAS . 50cent ca n't even pronounciate his words let alone compose them lyricaly like NAS . The album has some good beats but thats it . The lyrical content is weak . Please do n't support this album . And to make matters worst 50cent said in an interview that he does not even spend time with his son because he is so busy . He said that he just gives him money and thats the extent of his fatherly duties . So not only does he suck as an artist , he sucks as a black man and a human . F**k 50 . Put down the mic and go take care of your kids !! GO GET THE GAME !!! WAY BETTER CD
 I got this cd , brought it home , and immediately placed it in my stereo . I hate commercial rap , but I had to see what the buzz was about . You know ... everybody and their mother is going to buy this cd!So I popped it in and started it up , but somehow my brain managed to slip out the back door or something during the first song , and I was left there , sitting on my bed , drooling , my head cocked upwards , while 50 's album played in the background . My brain did n't return until right after the whole album had finished , ironically . So , I guess this was a good listen , although my brain was absent for the duration . I ca n't seem to remember any specific songs or phrases , though . I have no idea why ...
 This album is garbage . I honestly ca n't believe how he could go from a cd that was an instant classic to this crap he unveiled on everybody . I got a bootleg of this cd about 3 weeks before the cd came out and I must say I tried to listen to it over and over again , but it 's just horrible . I would maybe say there are about 5 good songs on the entire album , and 2 of which are already on the radio . You 're better off downloading the better songs because I thank GOD that I did n't waste my money on this trash . This album will sell a million plus in the first week and definitely wo n't have the staying power of `` Get Rich '' . . I believe the only people who will really like this are die hard fans of 50 cent , and I do mean like they must worship him die hard.Then this crazy a $ $ had to come at Nas . I was never big into Nas , but I just generally liked his music , and Nas may not sell as many records as 50 cent , but I 'll guarantee you that if he can make a Rap giant like Jay-Z look unequal with two lines `` Eminem murdered you on your own sh*t , you a d * ck riding fagg * t. . you love the attention . . Queens n * iggaz run you n * ggaz , ask Russell Simmons '' Or `` Put it together . . I rock ho * s ya 'll Roc-fellas '' ... on the diss track `` Ether '' . . I can only imagine what he 's going to do to 50 cent . Because 50 Cent really shows his talent on this cd ... He ca n't rap . If he were on some other label like Def Jam or Universal or something he never would 've been a superstar like he is now . 2 years ago I would 've never believed that because I thought Get rich or die trying was the best Rap cd since All Eyes on Me . So many people said 50 was garbage , and now I finally believe it . And back to the diss track , yeah he may work Fat Joe , but Jada can rhyme too , and will murder 50 as well . The hottest diss track 50 Cent has is `` Hail Mary '' , and he basically just rearranged the verses from Tupac 's version and Tupac 's Against All Odds , and plus he was talking about Ja Rule , who was crap from the beginning . I believe he just stepped into some hot water and when Nas and Jada retaliate , he 's going to drown ... DO NOT BUY THIS ... If you want to try it out . . Download it , steal it , burn it from a friend something . . because I would n't pay 50 CENT for this Sh*t .
 First thing that came to mind after hearing this album ... sellout ???? 50 what are you doing ?? i really like 50 and love g-unit , but this cd is bad . What is with all the corny songs on here , its not the 50 i used to know . I dont like the first 2 singles which are `` disco inferno '' and `` candy shop '' , they are nothing compared to `` wanksta '' and `` in da club '' . I guess he is happier making money and making songs for ladies instead of making good music . You can tell `` disco inferno '' was made to be a single and it sounds like every other stupid club song.Whats kind of funny is he made fun of Ja rule for doing this , and now he is doing the same thing . I loved Ja Rule when his first cd dropped , then he did every other song with ashanti and fell off . 50 dissed the hell out of him for it , but is now doing the same thing . songs like `` build you up '' , `` god gave me style '' , `` so amazing '' , these songs are just horrible and i dont know what he was thinking . `` Piggy bank '' this song might be the worst diss record i have ever heard , he doesnt even really trash them that bad . I love diss records no matter if i like the person or not , because they are just amazing , But this one was horrible the only thing he could say is Nas , Jadakiss and fat joe dont sell records , and 50 did . Big deal , they didnt sell themsleves out to 14 year old girls , thats why they dont sell 10 million records . They all stayed true to the street.I give this album a 2 because i am not the type of person to give it a 1 if its bad and a 5 if i like it . i dont give out 5 's and 1 's very often , they are rare , but this album comes close just because of how good his last album was.There are a couple good tracks on the cd , the whole thing isnt a waste but it isnt worth the money . `` gunz come out '' is my favorite track and `` i 'm supposed to die tonight '' is also good.but to me a good cd is one that can be listened to the whole way , this can not , i skip to those songs and a couple more but thats it . im sorry folks , but this one is bad .
 I heard this album about 2 weeks ago and I was very dissapointed . All of the beats xcept for Just A Lil Bit are WACK . 50 's lyrics are horrible , he raps about the same stuff over and over . The song Piggy Bank had so much hype , but when I heard it I immediately turned it off because the beat is awful . I recomend everyone to not buy this cd , because you will be just wasting your money .
 I already wasted my time buying it so I 'm not going to turn around and waste another 10 minutes of my time telling you exactly why it was n't worth buying , even though the hardcore fans will love it.I 'm not a fan of 50 cent . I 'm a fan of rap music . I do n't like what he 's using it for and producing from it . I do n't like the way he copies Nas 's original genius -LRB- Telling a hood story from the perspective of the gun -RRB- and then turns it into second rate copy cat bullcrap -LRB- telling a hood story from the perspective of a `` drug '' -RRB- . Way to go Vanilla Ice . You 're right , that sounds nothing like `` Under pressure '' you 're totally original.I 've already wasted five more minutes than I intended to . This was the most highly anticipated release of the year and it 's getting three stars . ` Nuff said . If the giggling 14 year old girls ai n't giving it five 's straight down the line , something 's always wrong .
 50 Cent forced his way into our consciousness and our wallets because of his undeniable charisma and the amazing collection of beats and hooks on 2002 's Get Rich or Die Trying . Sure , he was not the lyrical equal of Jay-Z , Rakim , Biggie , Tupac , or even Jadakiss , Nas , or Ja Rule , but something about him made us listen whether we loved him or hated him.Well . This is a big backslide , sonically and lyrically . The lyrics are insipid , not inspired , the beats are tired retreads , for the most part -LRB- `` Disco Inferno '' is essentially Lloyd Banks ' `` On Fire '' ; `` Candy Shop '' is essentially `` Magic Stick '' -RRB- , and the production is so subpar , one would think Dre and Eminem phoned it in.There is no wicked humour , playful banter , or anything approaching levity on this disc of twenty-odd tracks ; it 's a laborious process trying to slog through the infantile put-downs -LRB- who cares whether `` In da Club '' outsold `` Lean Back '' ? -RRB- , references to his sexual prowess , analogies between his magic stick and his automatic pistol , and slack-jawed delivery.For Dre and Em , this must have been an intentional gag reel , and the lyrical greats of the past twenty years are either shaking their heads in dismay , or spinning in their graves . Save your money , download `` Candy Shop , '' and call it a day .
 50 Cent thinks that he is god 's gift to rap -- which is far from the truth . . Some of the beats are decent , but the rap itself is bunk . It 's all the same stuf from all 50 's other songs being said over and over again.He has no right dissing Jadakiss who is twice the MC that 50 Cent . Bottom line ... IF YOU WANT TO HEAR THE SAME OLD CRAP THAT YOU 'VE ALREADY HEARD MANY TIMES OVER then buy this piece of crap album .
 i call this and all the other rap music trash along with the rappers . anyone who calls this stuff music and likes it needs to get a life . once you heard 1 song you have heard them all .
 Fiddy , you know what I hate about you ? You 're a poser to simply put it . I heard on various interviews that this guy does n't even do the ` hardcore ' stuff he talks about like drugs and whatnot . Well of course he does n't , none of them do , well except maybe Snoop Dogg since he is actually a CRIP . All he does is talk trash about rappers who are more talented than him -LRB- not by much , however -RRB- . Ok let 's review the album now-Songs 1-30029 whatever -LRB- albums today have WAY too many songs -RRB- I gave a -10000000 . The duets with a Olivia are just a rip-off of those Ja Rule did and thats not saying much since he sucks too.Ok here 's the part where I try to be helpful , want REAL RAP KIDS?Tribe Called Quest , Das EFX , NWA , Run DMC , Public Enemy , geez even Outkast are better , at least they do n't try to be tough.So in conclusion the album is 100 % pure filler ! On a good note though it does make an excellent golf ball , just take that 9 iron and go WHAM ! Hole in one baby !
 Check out these AWSOME Lyrics from Common and Kanye West ! You 'll see they 're -LRB- ... -RRB- better than 50 Cent 's ! Exerpt from `` Chi-City '' by Common -LRB- Be -RRB- : But the getto , tryna make a get up stand up anthemYou spit hot garbage son of SanfordWhat you -LSB- 50 Cent -RSB- rappin ' for to get fame or get richI slap a ni ** a like you -LSB- him -RSB- And tell him Rick James b ** chWitcha Hollywood stories on porchesWe poli hood stories on who became richAnd whatever light they hit , we wan na hit the same switchYou -LSB- He -RSB- did n't know where to aim it , you -LSB- he -RSB- still remain b ** chI 'm forever puttin ' words togetherSome 'll sever mothers from daughters and fathers from sonsThe name Com has never been involved in RunUnless it 's DMC or runnin ' these broads to bein ' freeI 'm hotta than the times , you hardly scaryHoldin ' gats inside , you cats is Halle BerryThey ask me where hip hop is goin ' , a ChicagoanPoetry 's in motion like a picture now showin ` It 's the city , the city y' all , the city , the city y' allC ` monExerpt from `` Bring Me Down '' by Kanye West -LRB- Late Registration -RRB- : We gon ' to mass today , we have to prayBesides what the pastor say , I have to saySince PAC passed awayMost you rappersdo n't even deserve a track from meYou see , if you evern wanted to ever be anythingThere 'd always be somebody that shoot down any dreamThere 'll always be haters , that 's the way it isHater ni ** marry hater b ** and have hater kidsBut they gon ' have to take my life ` fore they take my drive'Cause when I was barely livin , that 's what kept me aliveJust the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time ... See ? Can 50 Cent match that ?! I do n't think so . So do n't say that 50 Cent is a great lyricist because he 's not ! Give props to the produres that made the beats instead ! Face it ! He is NOT the king of HIP HOP ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 what can i say bout the massacre ? its horrible ... all he does is rap about money , hoes and guns ... sorry . . did i say rap ? i mean sings . the beats r good and xcept for gatman and robin , nothing was worth listening . 50 cent iss going down . i seriously hope GAME ends his careerG-G-G-G-G-G UNOTplz don waste ur money
 wat a bad album , artist , and genre.i bet this guy doesnt write his own songs.if he or any rapper does they are by far the worst song writers of all time.the whole music industry has become so unbelievably lazy , -LRB- not just mtv -RRB- . back in the 80 's wen mtv began , they supported bands like ac/dc , bon jovi , aerosmith , poison , and motley crue.now they support with very little if any talent like pimple can , relient gay , stinkin fark , bawl out boy . also rappers will make up things to look kool.example , in `` a baltimore love thing '' -LRB- wicth isnt even a love song -RRB- 50 says hes `` chilled '' with the jimi hendrix `` crew `` how old is 50 23 , 25 ? . JIMI HENDRIX DIED IN 1970 . it takes no talent any more.music is now longer about quality , its about getting rich any way possible , looking good for the camera , and playing the same songs until real music fans get tired of them all.pop heads never get tiredof the same songs.dont be a robot!P.S . I 'll bet 50 ur movie sucked more than muscle beach party !!!!!!!!!!!
 If you are a 13 year old white kid from suburban Ohio , Colorado , California , or any other rich neighborhood and you think it 's `` tight '' to get shot , buy this album . But for all the folks that have been through the ` hood life , or had your childhood friends killed in front of you , you know that cats like 50 portray an imaginary glory in the nightmare of urban life in the U.S. Not only could I spend an hour explaining why 50 Cent 's claims to his gangsta status do n't have any facts to support them , but I wonder why people buy into this . I openly admit that I even wrote a review talking about wishing you could commit a violent crime , but that does n't mean that I am gon na preach to media-brainwashed kids that this is the life to live . I listen to songs with content about murders , drugs , and sex everyday . I smoke weed and know a thing or two about pistols . But this album makes me sick . The ridiculously fake gangsta talk makes me wan na laugh and cry at the same time . If Curtis Jackson was what he sells himself as , he would n't have 8 bodyguards and a bomb-proof car . This album is almost like a parody of itself , please do n't waste your money .
 Ok first of all I 'm 13 I just did n't feel like regerstring . Second is 50 cent is n't worth 50 cence . Someone stop him before he takes music into a place where all we care about is money and cars . Also every-one of his songs is mostly like in da club except their own a different album . I HATE 50 !!! He discriminates againt gays which I hapen 2 know gay ppl including my-slef because I 'm bi and also on a interview he admitted that he is never going to get personal with his music , well all u people who say OMG ! I relate to fiddy so much '' WTF does he have in his music to realate . ok here 's something you can find him in the club ! Wow !!! how fu#@$ amazing !!! -LRB- being sarcastic -RRB- one word 4 all u fiddy fans his 15 minutes of fame is almost up and I 'm counting down every-second . Trust me by 2007 people are gon na be like 50 who ? Nope srry . never heard of him and yep I 'm gon na be one of those people , well maybe not because I do know who he is but I can promise you I will be anti- 50 until and after his 15 minutes of fame is up !!! Do yourself a favor and do not buy this album because throuoguht these 22 songs there is nothing but sex and drugs and hey that can be covered in 2 songs with a cd for 2 dollars so why waist your money on 10 more songs that sound exactly the same for 10 times the price .
 The only reason I 'm giving this album a 1 is because dre makes some nasty beats , I personally like to hear songs that have more depth to them than money , sex , cars , and drugs . If you like 50 cent then you 've obviously never listened to anybody good . If you want a good cd that 's new buy the new Common album . Kanye makes the beats and Common knows how to rhyme .
 Wow . Twenty-two tracks of complete bull s # ! t. I ca n't beleive anyone would buy this . I unfotunately had to suffer for three hours and listen to this crap in the guidence office at school today . THIS IS NOT RAP . This is a complete mockery of the word hip-hop . Bragging has always been a part of rap , i guess , and if your gon na make club songs , then you should n't run around trying to be an emcee . I meen come on , he compares himself to NAS and BIG !!! WTF !!! He even goes as far as dissing NAS !!! -LRB- Make sure you check out `` Dont Body Yourself '' . Nas DESTROYS 50 and Mobb Deep . -RRB- If you like the G-Unit , you 'll be happy to hear that he shouts G-G-G-G-G-Unit !!!! like five times on every song . Come on . `` Candy Shop '' sounds like `` Magic stick '' , and `` Magic Stick '' sounds like `` Disco Inferno '' , `` Disco Inferno '' sounds like `` A Little Bit '' or whatever its called , and I could probably keep on doing this until the point that every Dre produced G-Unit track -LRB- which is just about all of them -RRB- sound alike.I really have no bussiness reviewing this CD , as I do n't listen to this type of music , but after today I had to do it . The people need to understand that 50 sucks.Im gon na be optimistic and say real Hip Hop is on its way for 2006 . With people like Kanye West and Common taking over the mainstream , and the continuous popularity growth of the Hip-Hop underground , we 'll see if 50 's bubblegum pop rap can stand the tests of time . If you want a large album , get Nas ' `` Street 's Disciple '' . It has much more originality and creativity , and alot less name calling .
 Ok so 50 cent titles his second album the massacre . I can understand taking shots at Fat Joe and Ja Rule but to go as far as to diss one of the greatest artists ever . Nas has layed down some of the best verses in history . Also he has made some of the most influencial rap songs ever with songs like `` One Mic '' and `` I Can . '' Lets face it 50 is not in his league and never will be . . put some content in your songs for once . He said The Massacre would out sell Get Rich or Die Tryin . . its not going to because he doesnt put out much quality material . In Da Club made his career and once everyone eventually forgets about that song 50 will eventually fade off . 2 stars because some of the collabos are decent .
 This album sucks as much as 50 Cent does ! Buy Kanye West 's album , College Dropout instead or you 'll live regetting having to listein to a talentless bling-bling/fake gangsta rapper .
 50 , I have some incredible advise for you
 50 's Massacre is just , how do i say this , awful . I did n't even pay for this CD , i found it in a classroom at school , and i 'm glad i did n't buy it or i would 've been really pissed.Bottom Line : This CD is 100 % pure garbage
 I popped this CD in w / an open mind . I tried to like listening to evry gangsta rap cliche in the book , but I just could n't . 50 sux . He tries to diss ppl that r way more skilled than him , like Nas . He tries to act like hes the strongest foo on the planet . None of the songs on here have any redeeming value at all . Kids , if ur lookin for a rapper like this , plz get Casual 's dope CD that came out Sept. 6th
 His name may be 50 cent but this new album is worth 25 cent .
 Ive got a new word for 50 cents and every rapper in the game today-bubblegum rap . Kids eat this up , and its all the same . Drugs , hoes , blunts , growing up on the streets , etc. . Rappers like Nelly , Chingy , Fat Joe , Enimem , even Lil Jon are what I consider bubblegum rap . 50 cent right now is king , and like all rappers , he brings a posse with him . Doesnt matter if they have talent or not , they get paid millions for tagging along . 50 cent is not a gangsta anymore and G Unit has no talent . He was gangsta until Eminem stripped him of it and made him into a media whore . He does commericals , even has a sneaker , a game , a movie , a drink , etc. . Every song on this cd is a good laugh . The songs are far from gangsta , if you can make out his slurred raps . Im so sick of him dising other rappers , when he is the same as Ja Rule and Fat Joe . He is a fake , if it wasnt for Eminem taming 50 , then he would be a bad ass . So 50 , stop making fun of so many rappers out there , you are no different from the people you dis . You are a wanksta
 STOP PLAYIN !!! PEOPLE ACTUALLY THINK THIS IS GOOD MUSIC ?? THERE IS A WACKNESS EPIDEMIC GOING ON AS I TYPE THIS REVIEW . . PLEASE . . STOP THE BS , THINK ABOUT THE FUTURE . . WHAT YOU SAY ON THIS WILL BE HEARD BY THE KIDS . . 50 AND GUNIT AND THE REST OF THE CRUNK CREW SHOULD BE A SHAMED OF THEM SELVES . . THIS IS NOT , AND I REPEAT , NOT MUSIC ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THUG CRAP SO YOU YOUNG BLACKS CAN IMMITATE THIS NONE SENSE . . PLEASE BE SMARTER THAN THAT !!! ONE LOVENO STARS !!!!!!!
 I have decided to write this because I wanted to get through to some of these people who have given this album 5 stars ! This album just about deserves 1 star as it is not hip-hop , it is r & b ; garbage.I 've been an american hip-hop fan since I can remeber and 50 Cent just doesnt cut it for me . Before he joined Shady his music was really good and fresh like , ` How To Rob ' on his 1st album , ` The Power Of The Dollar ' . This album , however , is rubbish , 50 cent has turned into an R&B ; wannabe.If you listen to REAL hip-hop and you ARE a REAL hip-hop fan you will agree with me that this is nothing short of lame.It feals as thoght 50 doesnt even try to come up with actual material . His songs consist of ` Candyshop ' , ` Disco Inferno ' and ` Just a lil bit ' ... . WTF ARE THESE TRACKS !!! what have they got to do with hip-hop ! nothing!They are all just lame party/dance songs to get more money . 50 Cent doesnt care about his fans , he just wants to make money so he makes really s *** tracks like these.If you are a TRUE hip-hop fan then stay away from this s *** , but if you wan na dance to cheap rubbish then by all means waste money on this.If your looking for really good albums look elsewhere like Nas - Illmatic , Slick Rick - The Great Adventures Of , The Notorious B.I.G. - Ready To Die , 2pac - All Eyez On Me , De La Soul - 3 Feet And Rising , etc.Thanks for reading :-RRB- - Hollaballooza
 This album takes the word horrible to a brand new level . It is a prime example of what is happening to rap . The only thing 50 raps about other than himself are his material possesions and hoes . This is the worst album I have ever listened to.My friend burned this for me right after it came out . I listened to it once , took it outside , and shot it with my pistol.If you want a good rap/hiphop album , get out and cop something by MF Doom , Wordsworth , Kanye West or De La Soul.Overall I would give this album a 0/10 . DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM !!! THE MORE YOU BUY THE MORE GARBAGE HE WILL PUT OUT !!!
 50 Cent is one of the most horrible rappers alive . He has gotten this far based on his song 's beats , and beats alone . Strip away the beats , and you hear childish lyrics that a four year old can write . He also needs to upgrade his song content because how much longer can you talk about how you are all street , and yet on Piggybank , make one of the worst lyrical disses of all time ? His feud with Ja Rule was stupid . The reason why his first album sold so well was because people kept hearing In Da Club , and how he was stabbed 9 times , that is basically it . This album is a very weak effort , it felt , in some places , that he was n't even trying . What is his obessesions with his guns , for example Gatman and Robin -LRB- ???? -RRB- , one of baddest song titles I have ever heard . He is definitly following in his predacessor 's footsteps and is probably going to make weaker efforts than this , but this is just bad . It is being force fed to the masses , and they like it because of it 's repetive beats . Also , some of the beats by Eminem are horrible -LRB- stop producing Em , come on -RRB- . I hope I have done you justice by reviewing this album .
 Just think about it for a second ... our heroes of today are guys that are proud to be shot 9 times ... no wonder the world is so messed up these days . - It amazes me how a fad such as breakdancing that is so positive , exhilarating , and inventive can only be in the media mainstream for less than 2 years -LRB- circa 1983-1985 -RRB- , but a fad such as being a gangster that ruins society is going on for like 15 years now ! -LRB- NWA first introduced it in the late 80 's -RRB- . It 's sad to see that Hip Hop has turned into the very thing that it swore to diminish.This is one fad that needs to come and go ... quickly .
 This album is terrible . 50 Cent feels that he can put out anything and it will sell . There are no songs I can vibe to except `` Hate It or Love It Remix . '' `` Piggybank '' is the worst diss song I have ever heard . Please do not buy this album , the only reason I gave it one star is because that was the lowest I could go .
 The cover is laughable , the song Candy Shop is the worst song ive heard in a long time . This guy raps like a fat man running a mile , it starts off good then decreases slowly . Anyone notice that besides me ? I know this cd will be # 1 on Billboard and every other magazine , Candy Shop is probably already a # 1 song , and it 'll break records but why ? He can rap but just not on studio produced albums , his mixtapes are way better then Dre or Eminem produced garbage . He should dump those cute little songs and Eminem , sing the way he does on mix tapes , then ill believe he 's a `` gangster '' , but thats wont happen .
 His raps aint even worth 50 cent pure garbage now i understand why he calls himself 50 cent
 If you feel like wasting your money to allow this bonehead to further rule all media outlets around the country then this cd re-release is for you . To think that someone would actually spend money on this is beyond me , I do n't understand why fans do n't see threw all the coporate motivies of these artists who release previous material to make more money for something you 've already heard ! So go ahead spend that cash on this crap and when 50 releases another re-re-release of this cd I hope you finally understand what they are doing and come to your senses .
 he should have called this got rich and died crying . 50 Cent 's Career is done . hes F ****** with the wrong people . Hopefully Jay will tell 50 the story on how he got torn to shreds in the past . once rappers start exposing 50 and ripping him apart and finally realizing how much of a retard he is , they will turn away from him and stop buying his records and 50 will be put out of business . just watch . 50 's career is done for .
 ... this man has made 50 million dollars -LRB- a lot of 50cent pieces -RRB- by promoting misogyny , murder , drugs , violence and a genuine anger for all things pure and good ... and yet we pour money into him , his clothes , his style , why ? do you want your children to grow in a world where the # 1 seller is supporting everything evil with no remorse ? what does this do to our future ? so the `` beats are great , '' and what of it ? they 'll be forgotten and overplayed in a matter of time and we 're left with an emptiness that we think can be filled by more and more shallow rap like 50 's ... there used to be a meaning and essence in rap/hiphop ... for some quality go to men like Kweli and Mos Def ... not this joke .
 50 ENJOYS bending over and taking it from behind from Snoopy Dogg , Daz and Dre !
 His name equates his value which translates into his abilities.Less than 1 dollar .
 the man responsible for destroying the art of hip hop and the one who benedict arnold us with his dumb love songs ... bottom line , dont buy gunit merchandise or albums
 This was the most anticipated album and it really just SUCKED . I really loved Get Rich or Die Tryin and couldnt wait to buy The Massacre . This album is just overhyped and overrated garbage . A huge dissapointment ... 1 . Intro - Holy Sh ** , what the hell is this ... I love gunfire ova a track but WTF iz this2 . In My Hood - This was a pretty good song . The beat is ghetto and it has pretty good lyrics , but what 's wit tha saxaphone at the end of the song3 . This is 50 - This is a great example of why this album is a dissapointment . I hate how he holds the last word of his line while he is rapping4 . Im Supposed to Die Tonight - A rare hot song . This song i was really feelin . Eminem blessed this song with the beat and the chorus is good . I like the gunfire they put on this song unlike the Intro5 . PiggyBank - WHat the hell is this Preschool sh ** . I mean really . . `` Clickity clank Clickty Clank Money in My piggybank '' WTF is that . This has to be the weakest diss i ever heard in the history of hip-hop . MAD HOT BEAT . WEAK -LRB- ... -RRB- LYRICS .6 . Gatman and Robin - OMG I hate this song . They try to make tha beat like Batman theme but itz just wak . 50 comes wit some weak weak weak lyrics . Eminem shows he got skills . You have to realize he is rappin to the beat and thatz got ta be tha one hardest beat to rap too .7 . Candy Shop - OMG where do i start with this song . I used to like this song but after about the 100th time i heard it i got a little sick of it . NICE LYRICS AND HOT BEAT . overall itz a pretty nice song .8 . Outta Control - THANK YOU . This song is straight FIYA . THE BEAT is crazy . i love that pounding type beat . The Lyrics are nice and the chorus is hot . OVverall i great song -LRB- But i aint really feelin that recycled line from Beg For Mercy and the way he ends that verse AND this a hot song but IT IS NO IN DA CLUB -RRB- 9 . Get In My Car - The beat is annoying . Itz so repetive . The only thing good is the chorus . WEAK LYRICS . Tell me how many times has someone rhymed PU ** Y wit Push me10 . Ski Mask Way - Other than the 1st line the lyrics are pretty wak . I love the chorus though . And i like what they do wit the beat at the end of the song . Overall itz a pretty a good song .11 . Baltimore Love Thing - This was a pretty nice song . This song definetly grew on me . i love the YOULL NEVER LIVE WITHOUT ME LINE . and the lyrics are nice especially when he cursin out the girl . and i really like the chorus . One of the best songs on the CD12 . Ryder Music - This aint Ryder Music . This Go to Sleep Music . I swear the weak lyrics and boring beat made me fall asleep when i heard this .13 . Disco Inferno - I like the beat but god how weak are these lyrics . DISCO INFERNO , LETS GO , YOU NOW ROCKIN WIT A PRO . his rhymes are so predictable14 . Just A Lil Bit - I dont know what to think about this song . I was listening and think the beat is hot until that Middle Eastern thing came on . 50 is trying to be creative with the music and is just wak . THE CHORUS ANNOYS THE HELL OUTTA ME15 . Gunz Come Out - Dre blessed the beat but 50 took the blessing and just crapped on it with lyrics -LRB- ... -RRB- . -LRB- PS why is 50 singin on every chorus in this song ??? -RRB- 16 . My Toy Soldier - Give a round of aplause for Eminem . What a beat . And 50 does a pretty good job on lyrics and the hook is NICE ... very nice . Yayo has a nice verse .17 . Position Of Power - I was cracking up when i heard the intro to this song . All you hear is 50 saying I GOT MONEY I GOT MONEY in some crazy -LRB- ... -RRB- voice . Tha beat is nice and tha lyrics are pretty good . When you look at the chorus on paper it looks preety good . But when you hear it the flow is weak18 . Build You Up - HOT SONG . Jamie Foxx straight kills the chorus . GREAT BEAT but again weak lyrics19 . God Gave Me Style - No offense he sounds so -LRB- ... -RRB- gay when he sings the chorus and what he sayin in the intro . But i really love this song . The lyrics are great and i love the Beat . There are alot of quotable lines in this song.QUOTE : When my cds drop , they sell the bestYou call it luck , why ca n't it just be I 'm blessedQUOTE : I zone off thinkin ' is there really heaven or hellIf so what happens to a changed man who dies in a cell20 . So Amazing - Nice beat . Would make a good single . Olivia shows true talent on the hook . Alright lyrics . But how different does Olivia sound on this song and Candy Shop .21 . I Dont Need Em - Mad Gutta Beat . i really like it . Lyrics are pretty good and i love the chorus . i like hooks where the rapper curses out people . This song shows 50 is nothin to be played around wit22 . Hate it Or Love It - BEST SONG !!!! Crzy . . The reason this is the best song is because 50 doesnt rap on this track . He just recycles some sh*t he did wit Game . -LRB- Lloyd Banks continues to amaze me -RRB- SUMMARY
 Yo know why 50 got shot so many times , couse that b * itc never learned the gangsta way of life . Real G are ridin ' low below the surface . I can bellive two O.G.s like GAME and Snoop are blezin ' with such a slut . The thing is that i liked `` get rich or die tryn ' '' but the new bullsh * t is just outstanding . The same lyrics , the same beats over and f*cking over again . Only talk about sluts and money . I bet if 2pac was still alive he would shoot that phony hoe himself.Word to the real ridaz
 When are people going to wake up and realize rap music is more pathetic than anything else ? 50 cent ca n't pronounce two words in a row correctly and should be * # @ * @ slapped . This is the most homosexual music ever . Lame lame lame .
 Do n't waste your time on this crappy album . `` The Massacre '' is selling units simply because of the huge hype machine that is the biggest sellout in the history of rap
 I listened to this whole album and there are maybe 3 songs on there that are any good . The worst song is by far Gatman and Robin -LRB- with Eminem -RRB- . The best song is piggybank . The production is good -LRB- that 's why I gave it a gracious 2 stars -RRB- but the lyrics are terrible . I thought it was just me until I let a couple of my friends listen to it also and they all agreed with me . I was looking forward to this CD for a very long time . When I finally heard it I was very dissapointed . 50 is trying to sing on just about every hook on his songs -LRB- is n't that one of the reasons why he dissed Ja Rule -RRB- and he does not sound that great . If you are going to buy this and think it is anything like Get Rich or Die Trying , you will be dissapointed greatly ... Save your money !!!!!
 i cant believe people are given this cd a 5 star rating ... Biggie and Tupac get 5 star ratings ... but 50 cent his lyrics have got to be terrible like come u guys are given this guy 5 stars which means u guys are comparing him to higher leagues such as Biggie and Tuapc ... like r u guys all retarded . . u guys are the stupidest people out here ... millions dollars say u guys do n't even know who biggie is ... u guys are losers cant even listen to decent music . these guys like 50 and Ja and chingy and fabulas are all killing to rap game . . rap now a days arnt even worth listening to . . everybody i know listen to the clasics ... EVERY ONE WANTS THE RAP LIKE IT USE TO BE ... NO RAP ABOUT HOW MUCH MONEY U GOT OR IF U HAVE A MILLION CARS RAP NEEDS TO COME FROM THE HEART ... this is by aftermath `` hero '' from the peg
 Candy Shop - 4/5Just A Lil Bit - 3/5Disco Inferno - 4.5 / 5Hate It Or Love It -LRB- Remix -RRB- - 4.5 / 5All Others
 its well known by really clever people that hipop is no music just a toolong lasting trouble but this ugly guy inside & outside check the mug ... is the worse
 When will you inner city thugs realize that talking into a microphone over a drum machine is not music . Peace in the middle east boyeee . Homie G in the place to be .
 Really , in all honesty most of this cd just blows . There are a couple of people who think this cd is BETTER than Get Rich !! C'mon , are you serious ??? There is no possible way you can even compare them . Judging by the singles that came from this cd , I thought it was going to be awesome . NOPE , 50 just used up the only decent songs on the album to produce singles , minus a few other songs on the cd that are aight . So look at it like this , there are WAY MORE people that say that this cd sucks than people that like it . Save your money , listen to the OG 's like Dre and EM . They made 50 anyway .
 Musically , this album was a huge disappointment . The constant dissing of other rappers to sell records is straight wack . But I will give 50 credit for being a excellent salesman . Every chance this guy gets to sell 50 Cent , he does it . He gets down and dirty .
 This guys a two hit wonder . I hope he saves his money and hides his platinum ...
 i gave this album less than 3 stars because it has more bad songs than good ones.i think there are many tracks 50 shuldve left out.some of the songs are n't bad and have a real grimy feeling to it like get in my car , im supposed to die tonight , in my hood.there are about 12 songs in this album 50 shuldve left out or replaced with something else .
 I agree with Scott D. Gribble `` scottgrib '' 50 Cents album the massacure was so-so -LRB- or 2 out of 5 stars -RRB- BUT u also half to give props 2 50 Cent beacuse al though his album mabe BAD it still sold Millions of copyies ! I bought his album and thought it would BE GREAT but in his songs has has stuff that has to do with `` pimpin '' , drugs , guns and sex !! I thought his cd was good for the 1st day or so then it got kinda old mostly ALL of his songs have somthing to do with sex , drugs and guns and it gets boring over all ... . I still love 50 cent but he could have done better on this album
 omg ... what can i say ... i i could i would give it maybe 0 stars but i have to give something . so well ... 1 star it is ... plz stay away from this 1
 I ca n't believe rap is so mainstream . It is the fakest music out there , and 50 Cent is among the worst artists ever , ranking with singers like Davey Jones and the jerk who writes the music for Barney the Dinosaur . I reccomend you do n't buy this album and save your ears for real music like the Beatles , NOFX , Green Day -LRB- before 2005 -RRB- , Tenacious D , and anything else that does n't suck like 50 Cent does .
 First of all i ai n't got nuthin against 50 . i love `` Get Rich Or Die Tryin '' and also him on The Game 's Cd -LRB- Hate it Or Love it , How We Do -RRB- . But this album simply sucks ! I m not oneof the people who r sayin that 50 cent is not hip hop or is a pop artist ! he is not ! he is a rapper because music is entertaintment ! Rap is music so it is also entertaintment . and that 's what 50 Cent is doing . He is a entertainer !! Now going towards the album , there is not much to say except it is not what i expected ! after listening to `` Candy Shop '' and `` Lil ' Bit '' i was expecting the same thing as GRODT but obviously it is not!What I do n't understand is why 50 wants beef wit NAS !!!! I mean if he really wanted a promo stunt , beef wit Jada and Fat Joe is enough ! There is NO WAY he gon na be able to beat Nas!I gave this album 2 stars becuz of the beats and `` I 'm Suppose to Die Tonite '' ! Download the album if u really want to listen it or u can just download few songs cuz rest of the album is wack !
 This guy has done to music what McDonalds has done to chicken ... turned it into something it 's not and sold it to the masses . And my , do people gorge on this absolute trite.The songs on this album have stripped music of any creativity and fluency , instead , looping some stolen sample and rapping , no sorry , mumbling like a geriatric turkey about how hard and rock-steady he is.He 's honest though , you got ta give him that ... he 's made it clear that it 's about the money not the music . And he 's responsible for every guy I see on a night out thinking they 're one of his proteges and every girl I see thinking they 're his bride ... clonned droids with big chains of copper-come-gold plated cheap rubbish around their necks ... it 's a shame it has n't strangled them.Rap should be taken back to what it was meant to be - defiance , anger , politics , rage , confusion , people music ... like it was in the late 80s early 90s . Eminem continues this legacy and thus should be regarded one of the few modern legends , but should be slapped across the chops with a leg of ham for introducing 50 cent to music ... Hopefully , music will recover from his mechanical music , but until then , run for cover.Plus I hate those weird dimples on his facePeace out babyAND i gave it two stars instead of one because i actually really like one of the songs on the album , but i 'm not saying which one ! He 's still poo though !
 I 've been a 50 fan for a while , i have every album he ever put out and not put out -LRB- underground -RRB- and he is def . if not the one of the most talented rappers I have ever heard . Him and Tupac are my two favorite -LRB- and banks -RRB- lyrcists of all time . Anyway I kind of had a feeling this would n't be another GRODT from the first two singles released . First off the game is gone , S *** happens i brought the documentary and it 's one of my favorite albums i always play in my car but game being booted has got absolutley nothing to do with this album so why does n't everyone just talk bout the album ? Which I feel he really slacked off on because he is trying to get his other artists/subordinates into the lime light . When I first heard it it did n't even sound like 50 , and you can tell cause 50s got a really distinct voice and way of rapping which turned me off . And all the stuff about the beef , let him express himself , better he 's honest than kiss the as * of the people he hates , but he could have made it a more diverse album than just talkin shi * . He 's better than this and it 's really dissappointing especially here in NY where rap fans hold him to a really high level and have high expectations when they hear a new 50 albums dropping . I hope he can redeem himself before all his new enemies start taking shots at this album cause with massacre he def . gave em plenty of ammo . Bottom line , I love 50 but this album is garbage , i thought i would never say that bout 50 but it has to be said and this is coming from a true fan born and raised in queens ... . come on 50 , turn it around man do n't let people remember you for this , your better than that , you let a lot of people down man . - p
 I know alot of people hate 50 right now for starting unnecessary beefs . I think its unfair to judge this album on his behavior . Its obvious 50 just cares about selling records thats why he did that . I did hear this album and was REALLY disapointed because i did like GRODT alot . This album lacks the Dr. Dre beats that made GRODT a great album . His lyrics are very repetitive , he basically raps about the same stuff -LRB- being a gangster , selling drugs , killing people , growing up in the hood -RRB- Come on 50 your no gangster , Queens is not the hood . Maybe this album needs to fail to motivate 50 to rap about new stuff on his next one . Really disapointing , dont buy this
 This album currently has a 2 and a half star rating on Amazon and this is one of those times where the ratings are pretty accurate . As someone who has been listening to 50 and his mixtapes/albums since way before he even became a superstar and a household name , i can tell you without a doubt what is wrong with The Massacre . It is a far cry from the classic `` Power of the Dollar '' & his critically acclaimed release `` Get Rich Or Die Trying '' . Being a longtime fan of 50 , this album disappointed me a lot , because i KNOW 50 can do better than this . This album has some great beats on it , but 50 did n't put any effort into his lyrics . A hot beat with weak lyrics is a wasted beat . For example , Disco Inferno 's beat is tight , but 50 is spitting nursery rhymes lyrics over it . `` let 's go/you 're now rocking with a pro/i get dough to get mo fasho '' He can do better and it just sounds rushed . Just A Lil Bit has a Scott Storch exotic/arabic sounding beat but 50 's lyrics & lazy flow totally ruined the song . Olivia 's chorus & vocals on So Amazing are surprisingly perfect on it but 50 's lyrics weaken it overall . It 's not a bad song , but could have been better if 50 stepped it up . The worst song on here is Gatman & Robbin . If you 've heard it you will know what I mean . And Candy Shop is so pop & generic , the only good thing about it is the beat which even that sounds too similar to Lean Back by Terror Squad.As for the BETTER songs , there is I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight -LRB- aka Many Men Pt 2 -RRB- . Everything about this song is great , the chorus , beat & all . Position of Power is another diamond in the rough on this album , one of the better tracks . My Toy Soldier has a thumping beat and even Yayo does a pretty good job with his verse . Other mentionable gems are Ryder Music & Ski Mask Way . That being said , the CD had the potential to be so much better if 50 had n't been so lazy with his lyrics & vocals , and trimmed off some of the filler tracks . 50 has never been Canibus lyrically but u can definitely tell he has not even tried on most of these tracks and put this out quickly to fatten his pockets even more . This is one of those CD 's that u are better off just downloading the good/decent songs and not bothering with the rest .
 rap is the gayest , most overplayed , retarded style of music on earth . , listen to metal . thats good stuff its underplayed and underappreciated . rap is for retards . period
 I waish that I could burn all rap . It 's crap . To hell with it . If you like this damn stuff you 're out of your mind . This is crap . There is no reason for it . They speak really fast , there 's no talent required . The songs are sll about sex and getting drunk . They talk about a girl 's ass and that 's it . Listen to me and stay away from this and other rap CDs .
 Come on 50 you can do ALOT better than that - watch him still sell 11 mill
 This album is less signifigant than a hair on my left nut . Am I the only one that notices that 50 does n't even try ? It seems like all his verses are all one word . And I 'm no fan of anyone he disses , they suck too . Except Nas , Nas is 50 times the rapper 50 could ever be . But do you fools realize that there is good music that Is n't played on the radio . Geezus . Gangsta rap sucks , these fools aint gangstas . Get with the underground .
 This pretentious collection of `` made for radio '' rap is a good indication of the lack of musical invention within . The once thought provoking and lyrically adventerous rhymes of 50 Cent have yet to be found on this album . Offered from the newcomer with fading potential are dirty lymerics of self indulging tripe , sexual deviance , and poor humor . The musical growth rate of 50 Cent can not even be charted . He is treading water in a sea of retarded sexuality and bad poetry .
 I wo n't go off on some essay about how 50 is a fraud and does not represent Hiphop music and Kulture , I think people are starting to notice the bullsheeyat . They may not notice it with Nelly , Ludacris , and a few of those other pop stars/wannabe MC 's , but 50 's so dumb that even the dummies are starting to recoginize how fake and lame he is . So if you 've already got suckered into buying this cd and you 're sorely disappointed with the product , here 's my advice that will make that $ 15 worth it all : Take this cd and case and place in the middle of your lawn or in your closest neighborhood park . Then , take a shotput and keep throwing it from approximately 20 ft. till you hit the target ! Once you connect , your delight should well be worth that $ 15 you wasted on the cd . Repeat if necessary
 50 Cent is absolute garbage and this album will probably be the most hyped up piece of fetid trash to come out of hip hop this year.He is at best a mediocre rapper lucky enough to be connected to Dre and eminem . Disco Inferno is tepid garbage . He is calculating enough to know that the brain dead white teenagers in America will buy anything that supposedly sports a `` hot '' beat but any true fan of hip hop will recognize that he is utterly devoid of any inspiration . He has nothing positive to say , just the same old tired cliches we have heard a billion times before.The fact that he has the audacity to diss Nas , who could rap circles around him is stunning . He never abandons the single syllable rhyming structure while Nas is one of the most athletic rhymers on the planet.Of course Rolling Stone and other lame ass publications will promote this but that does n't mean it is any good . Save your money .
 I will admit to you right now , that I have not heard all of the songs on this album , but I have heard enough of his previous work to know what he is all about . I also admit that most of his songs are catchy , but you can thank Dre for that . There are so many things wrong with 50 . First , he is partly responsible for the death of a rap legend , whom helped mentor him . Second , he looks at his music as a way to make money , nothing more . He could stand to learn a lot from Kanye , who is going to change the face of hip hop , possibly music . I have heard most of Late Registration , and when it drops , 50 wo n't even matter . Another thing , if it were n't for Em , 50 would n't even be as popular as he is . You would think that we would learn from Pac that promoting violence only leads to trouble , but I guess 50 is Ready to Die . I recently read a lot of news about 50 that is more proof of his ignorance . He has begun dissing almost anyone he can , many of which do not deserve it . I am not saying that Fat Joe is the best rapper , but he did n't start beef with 50 . As for his beef with Nas , if I was 50 , I would n't start start nothing with someone who could write circles around me . 50 even got mad at The Game for not hating on Nas and others , and now he is out of G-Unit . It is a true shame that someone who stood for something -LRB- Pac -RRB- had to die , even though he did promote violence . 50 should rethink his message , or else someone might decide to end his career , possibly his life . I am not saying I want that , but when people like Kanye , Telib , Luda , and Nas are out there , why even bother listening to 50 's pop music ?
 I thought this was a poor excuse for an album . I 'm not a 50 Cent fan , but Get Rich or Die Tryin was a much way better album . What happened to the supposed `` hood '' in that fake gangsta . Man , Game 's album killed this one . And one more thing . 50 claims to have written Game 's album , but it sounds nothin like the Massacre , not even a lil bit . Game , keep doin what u doin , and please , put this wanksta to rest.-PS
 Seriously , everybody who actually listens to this crap is seriously retarded , im sorry , but you are . Rap -LRB- or cRAP -RRB- is probably the worst genre , but wait , would it even be considered a genre ? id think not , since i wouldnt even consider it music at all , i mean people talking into a microphone with some fake drumbeat and -LRB- ... -RRB- `` turntable '' sounds or whatever you call them . . that is not music . Rap , Hip-hop , Disco , Dance , Pop , Emo , and Goth `` music '' are seriously a joke . If you want real music , try Nirvana , Metallica , Queens Of The Stone Age , HIM , System Of A Down , Guns N Roses , Velvet Revolver , Foo Fighters -LRB- even though theyre an MTV band -RRB- , Iron Maiden , Judas Preist , Static X , Murderdolls , Fuel , Avenged Sevenfold , Alter Bridge , Misfits , non-american idiot Green Day , CKY , Rancid , Ramones , NOFX ... well i think you get the point . before you start bad-mouthing real rock , you should actually try listening to it first . Has anyone ever looked at other reviews by `` MTV rocks '' ? His Guns N Roses review for `` Appetite for destruction '' was so retarded . I almost smashed my computer screen , but at the same time almost died laughing of his stupidity and knowledge of music . He said that they dont look anything like the MTV fags so they must suck . HES NEVER EVEN HEARD THEM !!! Plus he called Steve Vai a poser , plus classic artists -LRB- Mozart , Vivaldi , Beethoven , etc -RRB- , plus he said that Kurt Cobain -LRB- even though hes one of my biggest role models -RRB- is the best guitarist ever and said the Teen Spirit solo is the most amazing thing hes ever heard . He also said that Nirvana saved rock in the 90 's . I mean , even though they 're one of my favorite bands and pure amazing , they actually killed rock because everyone afterwards tried to write songs like Kurt , but sadly failed at it . Other fag bands include Blink 182 , Good Charlotte , Sum 41 , Simple Plan , etc. ... Its pretty sad how -LRB- ... -RRB- people are these days because of their retardedly stupid opinions on music . Anyways , i think im done here for now .
 I think with this album the hip hop gods will finally realize how foolish they were for ever giving 50 a mic to spit on . Without even having to listen to the album , and just by watching MTV , you could just tell that the album was gunna be a bust . Candy Shop , the first single of the album , shows that 50 rather use his image and dreery club beats to sell records rather than using his rhymes , or lack there of . Then 50 gets in front of the camera with hip hop radio godfather Sway and tries to tell us that his new album is suppossed to be better than his first knowing that it would be impossible to outdo the success of Get Rich Or Die Trying.Actually listening to the album I realized that The Masacre would be great if 50 would just shut his mouth and let the rest of the Aftermath family do the talking . There are some nice beats in 77 minutes of listening , but nothing good enough to cover up 50 Cent 's monotone rhyme schemes and lack of lyrical content . My favorite track on the disc is `` Piggy Bank '' because I know that it will inspire another classic diss track from Nas to drop this summer destroying 50 and giving me something to bump when I roll up next to a bunch of white kids in a Civic Or Mustang pumping 50 's garbage LP through some blown stock speakers . I 'm glad I did n't waste the money to buy this album , and anyone who did purchase it needs to return it before they take the plastic off . If it has already been unwrapped , do n't worry I 'm sure you 'll be able to sell or trade it to your local record shop .
 This album is a joke compared to his previous release . 50 Cent has 1 style , 1 type of song , 1 type of flow , 1 type of lyric , and 1 type of beat . After hearing all of that before , I could n't stand hearing it again . `` Candy Shop '' is almost the exact same beat as `` Magic Stick '' . His ego even drives him to disrespect talented rappers like Nas and Jadakiss . DO NOT BUY THIS , unless you one of those people who love to buy oversaturated crap constantly played out on the radio .
 Used to be that a person had to have at least one aesthetically pleasing attribute to make it in the music biz , even if it was just a pretty face . No longer , apparently , at least when it comes to gangsta rap . The sure ticket to success in this warped world of terminally adolescent boy-men is `` street cred '' -- that volatile mix of thuggish menace , oversexed misogyny and contempt for societal norms . A few scarred-over bullet holes are the gold standard , with jail time giving an extra boost.By such accounting , 50 Cent is a gangsta rap god . The self-confessed one-time crack dealer was once shot nine times during a drug turf war . Tiring of that , he tried the rap scene and hit it big in 2003 with Get Rich or Die Tryin ' . In the intervening two years he 's been wildly successful at the first half of that titular equation and has managed to avoid the second -- barely . Now comes The Massacre , selling 1.14 million copies its first week and rocketing to No. 1 on Billboard 's album chart -LRB- and staying there for a month -RRB- . Two cuts from the album , `` Candy Shop '' and `` Disco Inferno , '' currently reside in the single chart 's Top-10 . The album is pure thug , and 50 Cent -- `` Fiddy '' as he 's often called -- intends that to be a good thing . Liner photos have him pointing a large-gauge shotgun directly at the camera -- it seems about a millimeter short of being a full-blown grenade launcher -- while posing in a room full of firearms . Another image depicts a drive-by hit , with Fiddy leaning out a car 's passenger window , a firearm blazing in each hand ; a partner leans out the opposite window to fire a shotgun over the car 's roof.Obscenity-laced songs such as `` I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight , '' `` Ski Mask Way '' and `` Gunz Come Out '' reinforce the lawless image , as does a duet with Eminem called `` Gatman and Robbin ' . '' -LRB- Gat is hip-hop slang for gun , as in gatling gun . -RRB- Only a couple of tracks show even a glimmer of conscience . `` A Baltimore Love Thing '' hauntingly dissects the love/hate relationship between a junkie and heroin -- told from the drug 's point of view . And in a rare moment of self-reflection on `` I 'm Supposed to Die Tonight '' 50 Cent expresses doubt about whether he 's `` God 's child '' or `` Satan 's angel . `` Remember , it 's all about street cred . Got ta move those CDs , you know .
 I aint going to hate on 50 cause he makes his money or whateva and he is relatively entertaining with all his beef and thug themes etc. ... BUt musically , lyrically , and just in general ... He is horrible ... His old stuff is not that bad and thier is 2-3 listenable songs on this CD ... But as a whole this is his worst by far ... He is drowning deeper into pop . . He has been on a steady decline ever since fame hit him . Keep doing your thing 50 but i wont be buying it ... I will get the bootleg
 This album was straight garbage . He has nothing to talk about except for getting shot . That is so 2003 . And `` Piggybank '' sucked . If u make a song dissing other MC 's , do n't make it the worse song on the album . All 50 cent has is nice beats . He has no lyrical ability . Ja Rule is way better . At least he rap about different things . Not the same s ** t over and over again . G-G-G-G-G-G UNOT !!!
 I am not really into Hip Hop but I can tell that you 50 is trash and he only cares about money . I cant even fathom why people compare him to Tu pac who was brilliant at what he did and was a true poet with his words . He is to rap what Madonna and Michael are to pop and what Elvis/The Beatles/Aerosmith and so on , are to rock . 50 will never become legendary like these TRUE ARTISTS . People who like this probably think Hil . Duff is an artist as well . lol
 This has to be the worst rated album of all thime , -LRB- 2.5 stars -RRB- LMAO.I do agree this album is trash , i used to like G-Unit back when they first came on the scene , now i cant stand there garbage they call rap . All they do is brag , and talk about cars , guns , drugs , etc etc. . All rappers who just rap about that are garbage , listen to some rap with meaning , you can really only find that back in the 90 's , its a shame , if rap keeps coming out like this is gon na dispear right off the map , just like disco . One day its there the next its gone . And you can blame that all on G-unit and all the other commercial phonies . Listen to me when i say this , support rappers who are real , all about the art -LRB- yea rap was an art -RRB- . Listen to my favorite rapper Cormega for example , listen to the lyrics in his music , it 's poetical and has meaning , he does rap about drugs , guns , and cars , but his music is filled with inspiration and meaning , you commercial rap fanatics may have never heard of him mainly because he 's big in the streets , mainly ny . Listen to him trust me . I reccomend `` The Realness '' , i feel his best album . Anyway if your even thinking about buying this crap from 50cent , DONT !!!! . Every song is garbage , beats may be ok , but thats not what the music is all about . Pretty much anything that they play on radio or mtv , is usually gabage , and try to stay away from that , it gives rap a bad name . i hear it all the time , people making fun of rap , saying they only talk about drugs and guns and money , but thats the only rap they hear on the radio , and cmon who actually enjoys the commercial rap , 90 % of the kids who listen to 50cent , Kanye West , Young Jeezy , and Jay-z , only listen to it because theyll think its cool . and it 's not . I cant stand kids rappin 50 cent , thinkin there cool , but proly never stepped in the hood . It sickens me . Ill stop ranting but dont buy this garbage .
 Is he serious ? Was this album some sort of joke ? It was n't worth what I paid . And I bootlegged the stupid cd for me and 10 of my friends , we were all mad . He should be paying me to cop this garbage . All 50 fans who say this album is great , 50 's got tight flow , lies . Face it , the fool ca n't rap . Period . He 's garbage , even Dre and Em ca n't help him .
 i mean first off all the g unit cds expt lloyd banks was wack but get rich or die trying was hot but this was almost as bad as game cd
 I Ca n't even believe that this trash is still being released again , this is still one of the absolute worst albums of 2005 , and the DVD version is even worse , horrible videos -LRB- I Did n't laugh one single thing on that godawful piggybank music video -RRB- , horrible rapping , and nothing else.This album is junk when it first got released , and this re-release is still junk.The Massacre CD/DVD No Stars .50 & G-Unot represents everything that is wrong with music these days .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM . ITS A BIG WASTE OF MONEY.DOWNLOAD THE ALBUM FOR FREE IF YOU HAVE TO.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON G-UNIT OR THIS ALBUM.SPEND YOUR MONEY SOME OTHER WAY .
 This guy has got to have broken a record for ; the worst MC ever to gain as much hype and money in the history of commercial hiphop . Personally , I just cant take it anymore , the way that rappers like him are making this genre -LRB- hiphop -RRB- an embarassing one to say you love and involve your life in . Do n't you see , he even said himself he just wants to keep earning money , and get richer and richer ... and its exactly people who like this album that are making his unworthy ambition come true . Awful beats , lyrics with no substance -LRB- which perpetuate this idea of rap being about guns , homies , girls and all of the other f ` in stereotypes -RRB- and his flow ? doesnt even exist anymore ... he just drones on as though he has lost the grasp on the idea that he is meant to be an artist/MC and all essence of what is what that got him noticed in the first place . Also , alot of these people who say this album is good and so forth are NOT HIP HOP fans , so dont say you are , and if you think you are you need to seriously re-consider your taste as it is just becoming a joke now . Most of the time , it 's people who are into other styles of music who want to cross over , just to say that they are into this hiphop stuff , and so they can have some generic music to `` dance '' to at a club or a party . . which is fine but it just supports this idea that hiphop -LRB- in the not-knowing public 's eye -RRB- is just a joke of a genre and requires no real talent to get into.Now yes , I am mainly a fan of early , mid-90 's , UK and underground Hiphop ... but I am still into some commerical hiphop so do n't think im being biased ... but this it 's just ridiculous now . Though , sooner or later the music side to 50 cent 's career will fade into the darkness and aspects like clothing lines , sex toys and whatever stupid ideas he comes up with will take over and make him into even more of a success with his money.Now , buy this album at all means to play at a party , use as background music or even just to demonstrate how much hiphop music nowadays is exploited by many but understood by few -LRB- to quote j-live -RRB- ... but do not buy it intending to hear something other than brain-washing trash , or to use it as proof that you are a hiphop fan . aaaa , now that I have got that off my chest ... I hope you enjoy this album
 If you think 50 Cent , Curtis Jackson , is a P.O.S. hip-hop artist with no talent whatsoever , trying to make millions off of his overhyped life and career that almost about 95 % of other newcoming or other rappers are trying to accomplish , and think that his music is utter garbage that The Swarm is endlessly feeding on , only making themselves dumber and looking like idiots listening to , click `` Yes '' . OrIf you think that trash like this appeals to you and that you are one with the MODERN , trash of a hip-hop nation today , listening to the worst poser rappers and hip-hop artists that live for the streets but apparently live in mansions far as hell away from the streets as possible , make it onto the top 20 , or even the top ten -LRB- like 50 especially -RRB- , with no talent , skill , or work involved in representing those who need representing , lyrical intelligence , or pure genius , click `` No '' . I hope , God dammit , that The Swarm -LRB- mindless , braindead masses -RRB- does n't outway common sense ...
 Once upon a time `` musicians '' could read and write music . They played instruments and if they sung they could get past the 1st round of American Idol . That 's changed and this album is proof . Curtis Jackson 's fame is not -LRB- thankfully -RRB- based on any musical skills that can be discerned . He 's famous because of Eminem and because , for some reason psychologists have yet to explain , there are those who consider drugs , gangs , mistreatment of women and violence `` cool '' . He is yet another young man from a whole generation of fatherless , poor , angry men . While he preaches about poverty , his violent past , the glory of gangs and contempt of women , he travels between his multimillion dollar homes with body guards , lawyers , PR guys and groupies . A recent purchase of a custom-made bullet-proof vests for his six-year old son requires no further commentary.Eminem had quality songs even if one disagreed with the subject matter but if you 're looking for anything original , forget it . You 've heard it all a 1000 times before - hos , prison , gangs , alienation , blah blah filled with enough obscenities to keep an army of bleepers busy . But their shock value has vanished with widespread use and they 're now as simply nouns or adjectives like most people would say `` pal '' or `` loud '' or `` famous '' ... `` That MF 's got a MF car with MF hyped mufflers that sound MF bad '' . You get the picture . The most notable quality about this CD is its marketing - a media blitz relying on an edgy title , staged tough guy photos , a `` street rep '' and a series of interviews with fawning `` journalists '' . 50 cent is on MSN , CNN , Time , MTV - even FOX - although his songs receive minimal air time for obvious reasons . Wait for something REALLY original .
 I am not a rap fan but I am willing to give a listen to anyone that actually attempts to be an artist . I heard a couple of songs from this CD recently and must say that 50 cent is a no talent criminal . Why is he a criminal you ask ? Because he is ripping off anyone that buys his pathetic , so called music . This is nothing short of talentless garbage that demeans the beauty of real MUSIC . -100 stars if I could do it .
 this album is HORRIBLE ! i hate 50 cent cuz hes not lyrical at all , hes just a pop star who claims to hav street cred that he doesnt have , just watch Stop Snitchin Stop Lyin , and you 'll change ur mind . if only i could cuss on here ... ps i hate 50 and gunit
 curtis ` candy shop ' jackson has put out another commercial piece of sh*t n added another mill 2 his pocket . any 50 d * ck rider cant even say this is half as good as i 'll get rich and stop tryin . n e 1 that likes this * ss probably had 50 himself take them 2 tha candy shop and lick his lollipop . only a f * agg * t * ss dude or a pre-adolescent white girl would wan na buy his records or be his personal b * tch . a candy shop ho would have 2 be pregnant to have 2 brain cells in her body 2 listen to him . For all his groupies get his d * ck out your mouth n listen 2 sum real sh*t .
 Let me see if I got this straight , this bubbling idiot got shot has two cds and thinks that he should be bigger than Samuel Jackson in his sorry movie ! what ? Your music is okay but the rap is so weak we need a translator to know what the hell you are saying . You are so hardcore but yet you live in one of the best cities in Connecticut . You throw at Jarule , Fat Joe , Nas and Jadakiss but you ca n't hold a candle to them . You know your first problem , hooking up with the west coast . Soon the bubbling rap will get old , then what ? back to the streets.This cd sucks , like everything else produced by the idiots Eminem -LRB- just out of rehab -RRB- , Dr. Dre -LRB- has been -RRB- and by someone who actually calls himself 50cents . Your next cd should be called
 Wow . . what a disapointment ! This ca n't even hold a candle to the `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' offering . The lyrical content is filled with trite bragadocious narcissitic lines . The beats are 3rd rate at best , they sound like they were made on an 8 track mixer in someone 's basement . The hooks are redundant , and unoriginal . The production value is , well . . cheap . . there 's no groove to this CD . And I 'm somewhat turned off by 50 's blatant disrespect for everyone else in the rap game . I suspect the bridges he 's burning now will come back to haunt him in the future when it 's time to ante up and put out an album that 's near the caliber of `` Get Rich or die trying `` I think 50 may have shot his load . I hope he 's got some money saved up , because this album ai n't gon na bring in the money that he 's gon na need to make those payments on Mike Tyson 's mansion.It sucks becuase I was really looking foward to his next creative project.Save your money.Download it from a file sharer!It might be time for 50 to go back to selling crack .
 What a bad CD , and I do n't mean bad as GOOD ! This CD was pushed back a few times , and there 's a bootleg CD of unreleased tracks floating around that sound better than this mess ! All of the delays & name changes are n't justified after listening to the lame monotone rapping & song recycling that 's in full effect here ! 50 Cent is over rated , and his 15 minutes are almost up ! This CD will sell like hotcakes for a few days , and THEN a TON of USED COPIES WILL appear for the taking ! Unlike so many poor souls , I was able to unload my copy and get my money back ! I wish everyone good luck in doing the same ! In closing , this CD is a Shot Up Buck Toothed HOT MESS ! 50 , it 's ova !
 I heard some of 50 's songs on his album , and I was unimpressed to say the least . Most of the songs is about someone getting shot . You need to stop dissing everyone or someone 's going to get hurt . The only good songs are the club bangers like `` Outta Control '' , and `` Disco Inferno '' . `` Just A Lil Bit '' is so good , in my opinion
 this CD had alot of pottential and was over hyped . the first thing i realized when listening to this cd was , 50 cent ca n't carry a cd by himself , a song or two sure . it 's fairly common knowledge that 50 is probly the worst lyrically in g-unit . this cd show 's it more then any , even tony yayo kills him on his own track . compared to the game 's documentary , lloyd banks 's hunger for more and young bucks straight out of cashville this CD is by far inferior . this album also seems a little to pop rap for 50 , yeah his last album had some club hits . but i do n't remember some chick singing the hook . he should have stuck with the west coast tried and true formula to success . nate dogg on the hook , and feature 16 bars from other rappers on almost every song.all in all the cd is ok , but i would n't got past that , just ok
 The title of this guys name aptly describes this losers worth , less than one dollar . Pathetic songs like DISCO INFERNO and CANDY SHOP are the most juvenile and retarded songs I have ever listened to.A PITY I CANT GIVE THIS JUNK LESS THAN ONE STAR.DONT BUY THIS AWFUL ALBUM.CONSERVE YOUR MONEY AND GET THE WALL FROM PINK FLOYD INSTEAD .
 I 'll admit it , although I 'm from the west coast and I support The Game in the upcoming rap war , 50 Cent 's first album , `` Get Rich or Die Trying '' , was off the chain . Party anthems , street gospels watever . But now he 's rich , he knows whatever he puts out will be bought . The Massacre , 50 Cent 's sophmore album , is a total disaster with only three good tracks
 honestly i 'm not a fan of 50 or g-unit . i own a shirt that says g-unot on it . but the massacre is even more garbage from 50 . The Game 's `` The Documentary '' was the # 1 album in the country and if your planning on buying this album u should check out The Game he is the next 2pac for sure .
 ive tried many times to see what the appeal of this album is and what is so good about the rap genre people like eminem at least have some talent and write some of the nice tunes over the top 50 cent is just dumb rap some guy with an obvious lisp trying to talk over some slushy bakbeats and dire grotesque keyboards or whatever they are in the bakground i may not be a fan of rap but this is crap even for the genre if your a fan of rap music thou check out eminem its much better than this crap
 This is just another attempt to get you brainwashed and believe this BS . 50 wants you to think hes all gangsta and s. . . with the BS Movie and BS Video GaME . He wants you to believe he shoots dudes and is gangsta . His clothes are usually do-rag and a f *** in bullet proof vest , and he `` wears '' bodyguards . What is that song called ... In My Hood ? any real hiphop listener knows he ca n't even walk down the street `` in his hood '' if u go around there are hella G-UNOT shirts etc. and do n't think its just because they r haters . Hell , no one likes a snitch right ? so then why do u like 50 . He 's becoming Ja , the same person he totally dissed ... Then he wants to have beef with Jadakiss ? you.must.be.f **** in.joking me.Don ' t buy this ... Do It for hiphop .
 God does not support immorality . This is all work inspired from the devil . I 'm not here to preach but I hate too see rappers thanking God when he 's not responsible for this garbage they expose throughout the entire world . Rappers are really doing a great job desensitizing young adolescent children . People say that rap does n't influcene anyone , that 's a bold face lie especially when you hear all these up-in-coming rap artists talking about -LSB- bad girls -RSB- and drug violence . I personally dont have a problem with rap music but when I see young kids being influenced by negativity it 's time to step up and say something . Alot of parents dont realize what their kids are listening too , adults really need to put their foot down because the same kids supporting this are the same kids who will be adults for the next generation . Can you imagine how this world is going to exist with parents running around acting like little kids ? I know I 'm way out in left field but I had to speak out because I have little nephews and cousins who are growing up today listening to 50 Cent and it 's much more serious then we make it out to be . Everyone is walking around with their eyes closed like their is no future ahead . I seriously do not like these artists and the garbage they choose to release to benefit themselves in making money . If 50 Cent truly loved Hip-Hop , he would n't stoop so low for exposure .
